Hillary Clinton speaks during a town hall style meeting in the gymnasium at the McConnell Center on Dec. 3, 2015, in Dover, N.H. | AP Photo Clinton super PAC won't spend more on primary
PHOENIX — Priorities USA Action, the main super PAC backing Hillary Clinton, doesn't plan to continue spending in the March Democratic primaries following the front-runner's victories over Bernie Sanders on Tuesday night, the group's chief strategist Guy Cecil told POLITICO on Wednesday.
The group intends to let its ongoing ad buy in Arizona — which will vote on March 22 — play out, but it will cease pumping resources into the upcoming Democratic primary contests after spending over $5 million in February and March, according to Federal Election Commission filings.
Story Continued Below
The PAC, which is the main vehicle for major donations in support of Clinton, did not originally intend to spend significantly on the primary. But that changed in the days after Sanders blew Clinton out in New Hampshire, with a $5 million effort focused primarily on building turnout among African-American and Hispanic voters. The group has invested roughly $140,000 on digital ads in Arizona — a state where Sanders' team believes they can compete against Clinton -- but not in any other states with primaries or caucuses in the coming weeks.
The move to close the spigot on primary spending without specific plans to re-engage reflects a sense of confidence among Democrats aligned with Clinton about their prospects following wins in Florida, Ohio, North Carolina, Illinois, and Missouri on Tuesday.
That message was being sent as early as Tuesday night, when Brad Woodhouse, the president of Correct The Record, another super PAC supporting Clinton, declared, “Hillary Clinton's wins tonight effectively ended the Democratic nomination for president."
On Wednesday, the former secretary of state's campaign manager Robby Mook went further, declaring in a memo, “The broad coalition of Democrats supporting Hillary Clinton has given them a nearly insurmountable lead in pledged delegates and we are confident that for the first time in our nation's history, the Democratic Party will nominate a woman as their presidential nominee."
Priorities USA Action reported having roughly $45 million in cash on hand when it last filed a disclosure to the FEC in late February.
A Texas veterinarian is at the center of a social media firestorm, and could face charges, after bragging about killing a cat with a bow and arrow.
Story Updates:
Sunday (June 28)
The American Veterinary Medical Association is not happy that it was mentioned in reference to an Austin County grand jury's decision not to charge the former Brenham vet who bragged about killing a cat with a bow and arrow.
The AVMA is upset because their euthanasia guidelines were cited when they have nothing to do with use of a bow and arrow to kill a cat.
Click here to read more about the AVMA's stance on the issue.
Wednesday (June 24)
12:55 p.m.
An Austin County Grand Jury returned with a "no bill" against the Brenham veterinarian who bragged about killing a cat with a bow and arrow.
That means Kristen Lindsey will not be charged.
8:45 a.m.
Now two months since former Brenham veterinarian Kristen Lindsey's social media post bragging about a cat they shot with an arrow went viral, a grand jury is set to hear about the case for the first time.
Austin County District Attorney Travis Koehn says their office will present the Lindsey case Wednesday morning.
The grand jury meets once a month, but Koehn says their office has been working to gather information and conduct interviews, and did not present anything to the grand jury in April or May.
Wednesday (May 27)
Demonstrators gathered across from the Austin County Courthouse in Bellville to protest. They want Kristen Lindsey to face jail time for their actions.
The District Attorney released this statement:
"The criminal matter concerning Dr. Kristen Lindsey will not be presented to the Austin County Grand Jury on May 27,2015.
The Austin County District Attorney's office is actively pursuing statements, records and all other available evidence and information pertaining to this case prior to presenting it to the Grand Jury, just as it does in all felony cases.
No further information will be released at this time as this is a pending criminal matter."
Tuesday (May 26)
Kristen Lindsey's case will not be presented to the grand jury at tomorrow's hearing. The Austin County District Attorney's Office says it is still investigating.
A group of people who believe Lindsey should be prosecuted plan to protest outside the courthouse in Bellville.
The case could be presented to the grand jury on June 24.
Tuesday (May 12)
The next Austin County Grand Jury meets May 27. There is no indication at this point whether Kristen Lindsey's case will be presented.
Wednesday (April 29)
10:13 a.m.
The case will not be presented to the Austin County Grand Jury which convened today.
“The Austin County District Attorney's office is currently in the process of
gathering all available evidence and information to present to the Grand Jury, just as it does in all cases.”
A small group of protesters has gathered outside the Austin County Courthouse. They're holding signs that say “Justice For Tiger,” the cat believed to have been killed by Kristen Lindsey.
Wednesday (April 22)
10:22 a.m.
“My office will carefully review this matter, as we do with all investigations forwarded by law enforcement.
I appreciate that there has been intense worldwide interest in this case.
As the case is presently under review, we have no other comment about the investigation at this time.”
Travis Koehn
Austin County District Attorney
Tuesday (April 21)
5:15 p.m.
The Austin County District Attorney's Office is now reviewing the case.
No decision yet on charges.
11:53 a.m.
The Austin County Sheriff's Office has sent its investigation of the Brenham veterinarian who bragged on Facebook about killing a cat to the District Attorney's Office.
"At 7:59 this morning, the Austin County Sheriff has completed the investigation of the Animal Cruelty case first reported to us last Friday. The completed case file has been turned over to the Austin County District Attorney for filing of charges under Texas Penal Code 42.092.
With the completion of the investigation, the Sheriff's Office will not release any further comments or updates to this case. Any comments, questions or information requests must be made directly to the District Attorney's Office."
Monday (April 20)
4:00 p.m.
Austin County Sheriff Jack Brandes will not say whether their investigators questioned Kristen Lindsey on Monday.
Saturday, the Sheriff's Office said they had been in touch with Lindsey and would interview them early this week.
3:53 p.m.
The Texas State Board of Veterinary Medical Examiners has opened an investigation into Kristen Lindsey, according to the American Veterinary Medical Association.
The Board, which issues veterinarians a license to practice in Texas, has said it is aware of the incident but will not confirm or deny whether there is an investigation.
The AMVA released a statement about the incident. It reads:
“We, too, were shocked and appalled by this image when we saw it. Every veterinarian takes an oath that states in part that they will “use my scientific knowledge and skills for the benefit of society through the protection of animal health and welfare, the prevention and relief of animal suffering.”
We are confident that the legal system and licensing board will take appropriate action, and we will continue to monitor the situation.”
Sunday (April 19)
10:01 a.m.
The Austin County Sheriff's Office says it has a number of deputies assigned solely to this case.
Once their investigation is complete, the Sheriff's Office will turn the case over to the District Attorney's Office who “will most likely present it to the next session of the Grand Jury.”
“We realize that a fervor exists in this case, however we will do our part in the proper, legal, and ethical manner in order to provide the court system with all information and evidence it needs.”
3:01 a.m.
Investigators from the Austin County Sheriff's Office have been in contact with Kristen Lindsey.
They say they will interview Lindsey at the Sheriff's Office early this week.
2:22 a.m.
Kristen Lindsey's parents apparently saw them kill the cat. Afterwards, their mom says they took the controversial photo.
In the comment section below the Facebook where Lindsey bragged about it, their mom Becky wrote "She was practicing in the yard. Jack and I were watching and saw it all go down!" (see Featured images below this story)
Someone named James DG then questioned whether the picture was altered using Photoshop.
Becky replied, "I took the picture!"
Austin County Sheriff Jack Brandes told News 3 on Friday they were not aware of any witnesses. We'll follow up with them and ask them about this post.
12:23 a.m.
The school where Dr. Kristen Lindsey earned their Doctorate of Veterinary Medicine is not standing behind the Brenham vet after they bragged on Facebook about killing a cat with a bow and arrow.
The Dean of the College of Veterinary Medicine and Biomedical Sciences at Colorado State sent the following letter to students, faculty and staff to “strongly decry (Lindsey's) grotesque actions.”
READ THE LETTER
Saturday (April 18)
9:11 p.m.
Austin County Sheriff Jack Brandes said their office has reached out to Dr. Kristen Lindsey.
"She didn't want to talk to us at this time," they said. "She said they were going to come in with their attorney. Hopefully early next week, we get something cracking. Hopefully this girl comes in. They may. They may not."
Brandes said they could not arrest and Lindsey unless an investigation determines the picture of the dead cat is genuine.
"I've had people calling me from all over the country expressing their concern," Brandes said. "I just want everybody to know several things. We can't arrest and charge someone like that based on a picture on the internet. We have to make sure that is true and correct. Anybody can take a computer and alter a photograph."
"All these people are jumping up and down, they want action," Brandes said. "The wheels of justice turn slow. You want to be sure once you accuse and arrest someone."
8:51 p.m.
The Texas State Board of Veterinary Medical Examiners lists Dr. Kristen Lindsey as holding a valid license since June 2012 and with no disciplinary actions.
8:18 p.m.
From the Austin County Sheriff's Office:
Interviews are being conducted - witnesses searched for, and statements taken. Once the report is complete, all evidence and relevant items will be turned over to the District Attorney's Office for prosecution. Under Texas law, all elements of an offense have to be present and demonstrated in the investigatory process. Unlike TV, these investigations take time. There is no way we can say with certainty exactly when the investigation will be complete. When that event occurs, we will post on this Facebook page that the reports have been turned over to the prosecutors.
7:43 p.m.
The Texas Veterinary Medical Association (TVMA) says it “strongly condemns the actions of” Kristen Lindsey.
TVMA released a statement saying their “actions directly violate the veterinarian's oath taken to use their or their “scientific knowledge and skills for the benefit of society through the protection of animal health and welfare, the prevention and relief of animal suffering, the conservation of animal resources, the promotion of public health and the advancement of medical knowledge.”
We are saddened and disturbed by the unfortunate actions of this individual, and we remind Texas residents that this conduct is not reflective of the veterinary profession or of the veterinarians who strive to embody the words of the veterinarian's oath every day.”
Friday (April 17)
6:44 p.m.
Despite the controversy, fired veterinarian Kristen Lindsey does have supporters in Washington County.
Shannon Stoddard stopped by the Washington Animal Clinic with balloons and a thank-you note.
"She's amazing. She's caring,” Stoddard said. “She's a good vet, so maybe their bad choice of posting something on Facebook was not good. But I don't think they should be judged for it."
Washington County Resident Preston Northrup said "all these people in the cities just don't understand what goes on in the country and they get in an uproar. They ought to just mind their own business."
4:56 p.m.
Austin County Sheriff Jack Brandes says they were disturbed by Dr. Kristen Lindsey's photo.
"This kind of stuff shouldn't happen in our society," Brandes said. "It's a very sad thing. Hopefully we will get to the bottom of it and get the truth, 100% truth, and get it to the DA and put it in their hands if it needs to go any further."
4:45 p.m.
Dr. Kristen Lindsey had been with the Washington Animal Clinic for two years. They graduated from Colorado State University.
4:00 p.m. Alley Cat Allies is offering a $7,500 reward for evidence leading to the arrest and conviction of the person or persons responsible for killing the cat in Austin County.
Anyone with information is asked to contact the Austin County Sheriff's Office at (979)-865-3111.
“Animal cruelty must be taken seriously, and the guilty parties should be punished to the fullest extent of the law,” said Becky Robinson, president and founder of Alley Cat Allies.
3:15 p.m. The cat that was killed with a bow and arrow is believed to be Tiger, a 6-year-old orange Tabby. Tiger went missing Wednesday. Kristen Lindsey posted the picture of the arrow through Tiger's head at 8:48 p.m. Wednesday night.
2:32 p.m.
Washington Animal Clinic received more than 500 phone calls Friday morning before they fired Kristen Lindsey, DVM.
Shortly before Noon, the clinic put duct tape over their name on the sign.
"Our goal now is to go on and try to fix our black eye and hope that people are reasonable and understand that those actions don't anyway portray what we're for here at Washington Animal Clinic," said Dr. Bruce Buenger. "We put our heart and soul into this place."
12:48 p.m. Animal rescue group says the cat that was killed was not feral. It was owned by an elderly couple.
12:00 p.m. UPDATE: The Washington Animal Clinic in Brenham has fired the veterinarian who bragged about killing a cat with a bow and arrow.
11:11 a.m.
Dr. Kristen Lindsey, DVM posted a picture on their Facebook page of them holding an arrow that is sticking through the head of a dead cat. The post read “My first bow kill, lol. The only good feral tomcat is one with an arrow through it's head! Vet of the year award ... Gladly accepted."
The post quickly went viral and prompted numerous calls to the Brenham Police Department and Washington County Animal Control.
Brenham police say the cat was shot in Austin County. The Austin County Sheriff's Office tells News 3 they are investigating. Sheriff Jack Brandes says they sent deputies out to New Wehdem Road Friday morning where the incident occurred.
Lindsey works for the Washington Animal Clinic in Brenham. In the comment section of their post, they wrote “no I did not lose my job. Lol. Psshh. Like someone would get rid of me. I'm awesome!”
News 3 contacted the clinic to speak with Lindsey. They told us they are not available and they have no comment about the incident at this time.
The clinic's website is getting so much traffic that it crashed. Lindsey later removed their post and then pulled down their Facebook page.
On Sunday, YouTube became unreachable from most, if not all, of the Internet. No "sorry we're down" or cutesy kitten-with-screwdriver page, nothing. What happened was that packets sent to YouTube were flowing to Pakistan. Which was curious, because the Pakistan government had just instituted a ban on the popular video sharing site. What apparently happened is that Pakistan Telecom routed the address block that YouTube's servers are into a "black hole" as a simple measure to filter access to the service. However, this routing information escaped from Pakistan Telecom to its ISP PCCW in Hong Kong, which propagated the route to the rest of the world. So any packets for YouTube would end up in Pakistan Telecom's black hole instead.
On the North American Network Operators Group (NANOG) mailing list, where many engineers in charge of Internet routing hang out, the consensus is that this was an accident. Only one or two people suggest that it may be a malicious act, possibly a trial of something bigger. So why was this incident so devastating to YouTube's reachability?
Originally, IP addressing was set up for three different classes of users: classes A, B, and C. Class A users, such as the original ARPANET, got an address block of 16777216 addresses so they could connect millions of systems to the Internet. Class B users, such as universities, got 65536 addresses. Class C users, such as businesses with only a small number of Internet-connected systems, got 256 addresses. Obviously, these classes often didn't fit well with the number of addresses needed, which led to a lot of waste. So in the early 1990s, a new system called Classless Inter-Domain Routing (CIDR) was created so that IP addresses could be used much more efficiently.
CIDR allows address blocks to be given out in power of two blocks, such as 256 (/24), 512 (/23), 1024 (/22), and so on. The number after the slash indicates how many of the 32 address bits are "network" bits, the remaining bits are used to number hosts. So /24 is 24 network bits and 8 bits to number hosts, which allows for 256 addresses. An interesting side effect of CIDR is that a particular IP address can now fall within multiple address ranges. For instance, a router could have both 10.0.0.0/8 and 10.10.0.0/16 in its routing table. Then, if a packet for 10.10.10.10 arrives, how should it be forwarded? The answer is: longest match first. The smallest address block, with the largest number after the slash, takes precedence.
In the case of YouTube and Pakistan Telecom, YouTube injected the address block 208.65.152.0/22 (208.65.152.0 - 208.65.155.255) in the Internet's routing tables, while Pakistan Telecom advertised the 208.65.153.0/24 (208.65.153.0 - 208.65.153.255) block. So even though YouTube's routing information was still there, packets would flow towards Pakistan Telecom because of the longest match first rule.
This vulnerability has been known for a long time, and smaller-scale accidents of this nature happen at regular intervals. But so far, efforts within the IETF to make the Border Gateway Protocol, which governs Internet routing, more robust against this type of accident (or attack) haven't produced any results yet. There are routing databases around the world where network operators can register their IP address blocks for the purpose of generating filters automatically, but since everyone has to register their own address blocks, and many people don't, the filters generated from these databases often do more harm than good. This means that the only thing that prevents things like this from happening are the filters that everyone sets up for their own address blocks, and filters that ISPs apply to their BGP-capable customers manually.
A likely result of this incident is that more network operators will start to announce their IP address blocks as a collection of /24 blocks. /24 is the smallest address range that is widely accepted between ISPs, so announcing the /24 yourself provides some protection against others doing the same. However, the problem with that is that it increases the routing tables in routers, which exacerbates problems from global routing table growth that already exist.
It's August and the NBA news cycle is running like a dry well. I'm not saying stories are being manufactured out of thin air or anything like that. Never. But some little subplots might need some gasoline poured on them for added effect. That's all. Integrity wins!
Here is your Summer Rivalries Report.
The Stuff Trilogies Are Made Of
Five years from now, this rivalry could be the best thing in sports. This Wiggins vs. LeBron thing is as personal as professional rivalries get. If I'm Wiggins, I've got a LeBron fathead on the ceiling above my bed to help me focus on the vengeance that will one day be mine. And every night, I will dream of hoisting a trophy over the king for causing me to endure one of the most embarrassing summers a no. 1 pick has ever gone through. I also have crazy heating bills because, LOL, Minnesota.
Think about it this way: Anakin Skywalker looked innocent enough in The Phantom Menace. They were skipping around Naboo with Jar Jar, doing the harmless pod-racing bit, hollering at Queen Amidala (who should know better … the kid is like 9), but as soon as we saw sweet little Ani get introduced to Obi-Wan Kenobi, we knew “that kid is totally going to kill that guy with the shoulder braid someday.”
Boos and Hugs
The only reason this is a thing is because of the following:
Every time Boozer goes back to Chicago, and we hear the boos rain from the United Center, I'll be thinking about Boozer probably turning to their new teammates, asking if they're saying BOO or BOOZER.
And I will be sitting in the front row wearing this T-shirt.
Have You Ever Pissed Off a Hornet?
I have a story for Larry Legend.
When I was 8 years old I went camping in Austin, Texas. One afternoon, while we were hanging out by a lake, this hornet kept flying around my head. After about an hour of being annoyed by the hornet, I decided enough was enough and started swatting at it with my bare hand (awesome parents, btw). After every swipe, the hornet kept coming back. At one point, I actually told the hornet to “leave me alone, you stupid idiot.” Surprisingly, that didn't work, either. Eventually, the hornet did its thing and stung me on my right thumb, causing me to cry and cry. They wound up ruining my afternoon.
Lance Stephenson is also a Hornet. There are no coincidences in life.
If you thought Lance's ear-blowing thing was strange, just wait until they meet their Pacers fam for the first time. Can you imagine what they have in store for the already vulnerable Roy Hibbert? Face licking? And after every moment of Lance craziness, expect them to point directly at Legend, resulting in a classic BIRD FACE. This happens so much that Legend eventually rips their dress shirt off and takes the floor to show Lance and everyone else on earth that they do not take kindly to crazy hornets.
Yeah, this rivalry might be a bit overblown.
The Nerd Rodeo
This has been coming for a few seasons, and that's mostly due to the way these two teams have shaped one another, in terms of personnel. James Harden is in Houston because of the Dallas pick that was traded to OKC, Dwight chose Houston over Dallas, and Chandler Parsons is now a Maverick.
Chandler Bang was the straw that broke the camel's back. This is now a real rivalry. Parsons not only goes into the 2014-15 season feeling slighted by Daryl Morey, who touted that Houston needed a third star while they were still on the team, but their ex-teammates, who have given off the vibe that Parsons is a dime-a-dozen type of player. I almost feel bad for the guy, but then I remember …
Getting real, though … this rivalry is all about the nerds.
Daryl Morey and Mark Cuban have always been friendly rivals, but over the last few years the two are throwing bigger and bigger punches at one another. Whether it's both men chasing after the same players, or Morey continuing to try to acquire Cuban's soul mate, the two are fully engaged in a war of one-upping one another. At the moment, it's Cuban with the upper hand for obvious reasons.
The best story, as told by Morey at the Sloan Conference, revolved around the Dwight Howard free agency. Apparently, there was a point during the Dwight Sweepstakes when Cuban knew that Morey had won, but Morey actually didn't. Morey, now worried that Dwight was headed to Golden State because of the Iggy signing, asked Cuban if he'd be willing to trade for Dirk. Keep in mind, Cuban knew Morey had already won Dwight.
So what was supposedly a desperate plea appeared to be Morey dumping a huge tub of nerd salt on Cuban's wounds. We'll never know if Morey actually thought he'd need Dirk or was just rubbing Mark's face in it, but hopefully we'll benefit from many more stupid stories like this.
What Goes Up Must Come Down
Really excited about this one. On one side, you have one of the four fundamental forces of nature — a one-of-a-kind phenomenon that pulls every living organism toward the earth's unreachable core. Magnificent.
On the other side, you have gravity.
Søren Pape. Foto via Flickr/ European People's party
Søren Pape (K) er ikke fan af idéen om fri hash i Danmark. Og skulle nogen være i tvivl, så slår han det fast i et skriftligt svar til Folketingets retsudvalg. Svaret baserer han til dels på en udtalelse fra Sundheds- og Ældreministeriet, som har læst en rapport. I notatet står der, at det har haft "negative konsekvenser" i de amerikanske delstater, der har gået legaliseringens vej:
"Bl.a. fremgår det af rapporten, at unges brug af marihuana er stigende i de to delstater, og at Colorado nu er den delstat med den største andel af unge, som inden for den seneste måned har
brugt marihuana, og at Washington har den sjettehøjeste andel."
Rapporten, Søren Pape henviser til, er skrevet af interesseorganisationen Smart Approaches to Marijuana, der er modstandere af legalisering. Som Information bemærker, har magasinet Rolling Stone kaldt en af forfatterne til rapporten for "Legalization Enemy #1".
Justitsministeren skriver da også selv i notatet, at Sundheds-og Ældreministeriet ikke har nærmere kendskab til forfatterne bag rapporten, som man baserer sin argumentation på. Derfor kan rapportens "validitet" ikke vurderes.
"Men hvis rapporten står til troende, bekræfter den, at der er grundlag for at fastholde forbuddet mod cannabis som rusmiddel," skriver Søren Pape.
Han kunne også have kigget i andre retninger og fundet mere objektive undersøgelser, der viser et uændret forbrug af cannabis blandt unge i de nævnte stater, og andre undersøgelser tyder endda på et fald i forbruget.
I samme notat henviser Søren Pape til Rigspolitiets vurdering af den hollandske model. Ifølge Justitsministeren har legaliseringen ikke at have haft en "mærkbar positiv indvirkning" på den organiserede kriminalitet, og det er endnu et argument for, at "regeringen ønsker at fastholde forbuddet mod cannabis", som han skriver.
Den hollandske model er dog vidt forskellig fra den løsning, som politikerne i København forestiller sig. I Holland er cannabis-produktionen stadig overladt til kriminelle, mens der i "københavnermodellen" bliver lagt op til, at staten selv skal producere og distribuere den cannabis, der sælges – og dermed tage brødet ud af munden på hashpusherne.
Et af de fem partier i Folketinget, der går ind for legalisering, er Enhedslisten. Deres retspolitiske ordfører, Rune Lund, mener hverken, at rapporten fra USA eller de hollandske erfaringer kan bruges til at sammenligne med forholdene i Danmark. Til Information siger han, at den hollandske model er et "dårligt eksempel" og at det ikke er den model, han ønsker for Danmark. Han ønsker derimod at "kappe forbindelsen til de kriminelle over."
"Hvis mængden af den forbrugte cannabis er konstant, og hvis det offentligt tager en del af markedet, så er der alt andet lige mindre til de kriminelle. Det er jo logikken. Og hidtil har der netop ikke været noget, som tyder på, at flere bruger cannabis som følge af en legalisering."
Samme holdning har psykiateren og misbrugseksperten Henrik Rindom, som i Information kalder sammenligningerne for "misvisende."
"Mit indtryk er, at det, vi taler om i Colorado, intet har at gøre med den model - eksempelvis Københavnermodellen, foreslået af Københavns overborgmester - som man vil forsøge i Danmark med statsstyret produktion og et kontrolleret marked."
"I Colorado er det et helt frit marked, hvor der hverken er styr på kvalitet eller styrken af den cannabis, der sælges. Og i Holland er det fortsat det kriminelle miljø, der styrer," siger han til avisen.
This photo shows a love letter found in 1993, seen at the Lower East Side Tenement Museum this past Monday. As part of an exhibition opening next week, the museum will share rarely told love stories of several former tenants who lived in the cramped conditions of a tenement building at 97 Orchard St. before it became a museum. Lower East Side Tenement Museum via AP
Immigrant life in New York City at the turn of the 20th century could be tough — but there was always room for love.
In time for Valentine's Day, the Lower East Side Tenement Museum will share rarely told love stories of several former tenants who lived in the cramped conditions of a tenement building at 97 Orchard St.
The special “Love at the Tenement” tours will be offered at the building, now a museum, on Feb. 12.
The evening tours will take visitors inside the third-floor apartment of Fannie and Abraham Rogarshevsky, a Lithuanian couple who shared their claustrophobic quarters with six children. To help make ends meet, they took in a 20-year-old boarder, Morris Cohen, a Polish immigrant who made a living selling pots and pans.
That wasn't unusual. In 1900, 10 out of the 20 households at 97 Orchards had boarders, with some taking in two or more. The situation often added more strain on already challenging living conditions, according to the museum, located inside the restored four-story tenement building that housed 7,000 working-class immigrants between 1863 and 1935.
But in the Rogarshevsky household, the tight space brought love to their eldest daughter, Bessie, a garment worker. Bessie and Cohen married and moved across the street. Later, they moved to the Bronx, where they had three children.
All went well for a while until … To find out — and learn more about the love stories of other former tenants — visitors will have to take the tour.
The museum will also share its 1993 discovery of a love letter on the building's first floor. Much about the missive remains a mystery, including who wrote it, because part of it is cut off. But it's believed to date to the 1910s or 1920s. It reads in part: “Nobody can keep us apart … I'll give the usual whistle, pack — suitcase and we'll elope … Your own only-est.”
A violent tussle between two men inside a Subway restaurant on Market Street lasted for nearly two minutes as bystanders tried to break the pair apart. When the fight finally neared its end, the bloodied face of 26-year-old Nicholas Flusche appeared as they came from behind the counter and grabbed the man they had allegedly beaten and stabbed.
Moments later, Flusche fell to the floor after he'd been struck by one shot from a police officer's pistol.
The video of the killing at the corner of Market and Mason streets just after 11 a.m. on May 3 was shown to the public by police exactly one week later on Wednesday morning as part of a meeting held a block from the incident. The four videos released Wednesday include two taken from officers' body cameras.
Chief William Scott — along with Tenderloin Station Capt. Teresa Ewins, Supervisor Jane Kim and Cmdr. Greg McEachern — spoke about the incident before and after the videos were shown to several dozen people. The chief characterized the “town hall” meeting, the first in Scott's time as chief, as an example of their commitment to transparency.
“We just want to report the facts, not a narrative, not spin,” they told reporters. “I'm not saying anybody previous to me did that, but we were very clear on our objective today. Let's get the facts out as what happened today with no commentary [or] judgment or anything like that.”
Along with a brief statement about the state of the investigation and the facts of the case, the department also released the name of the officer who fired their weapon and confirmed that officer also shot another suspect in January, the only other police shooting instance for the department this year.
WARNING: THE VIDEO BELOW CONTAINS GRAPHIC FOOTAGE.
170362512-bwc-sfpd-ofc-2 from San Francisco Police on Vimeo.
In the Subway incident, Officer Kenneth Cha fired one shot to the lower right back of Flusche, Scott said. Flusche was pronounced dead at the scene.
On Jan. 6, Cha shot a mentally ill man in the Oceanview neighborhood after a scuffle on the man's porch. That shooting was also caught on Cha's body camera. The man who was shot, Sean Moore, had until recently faced charges of assaulting an officer, but their case was dropped Wednesday.
Police on Wednesday also displayed a photo of the knife used to attack the Subway employee, who was hospitalized with stab wounds.
“The preliminary evidence in this case indicates that one officer fired one shot,” said McEachern. “The preliminary evidence from the Medical Examiner's Office indicates that Nicholas Flusche was struck one time in their lower right back.”
Police did not give a motive for the attack nor did they speak about the department's de-escalation policies.
The chief also expressed condolences for the Flusche family in Texas.
Video
Flusche had come into the Subway and ordered a sandwich but didn't appear to have enough money to pay, McEachern said.
Several minutes later, in footage from Subway's surveillance cameras that was released Wednesday, Flusche was standing by the side of the counter. They reached behind the low door and unlatched it, then quickly approached the Subway employee behind the counter, striking him.
For the approximately next two minutes of footage, Flusche attacked the man as a number of bystanders tried to intervene.
At one point, a woman went behind the counter and unsuccessfully tried to pull Flusche off the worker. They then grabbed a metal sheet from the counter and hit Flusche repeatedly, but nothing seemed to stop them from attacking the Subway employee.
The woman called for help to people passing by, it appears in the soundless video, and at several points a number of others went behind the counter and tried to break the two men apart.
WARNING: THE VIDEO BELOW CONTAINS GRAPHIC FOOTAGE.
170362512-subway-footage2 from San Francisco Police on Vimeo.
For much of this time it was unclear exactly what Flusche was doing to the man on the ground.
Finally, two officers arrived and the victim, followed by a man in a tank-top who tried to break up the fight, fled from behind the counter. Flusche, with a bloodied face, was the last to exit from behind the counter.
A still photo of a surveillance camera shows Flusche just before they came from behind the counter. At that point, they still held the knife with which they had allegedly been stabbing the victim.
Body camera footage captured by Cha's unnamed partner shows Flusche continuing to follow the man he'd been attacking. Within seconds, Cha fired a shot at Flusche, who fell to the ground.
Someone yelled, “Shots fired,” and more officers entered the Subway as Flusche lay on the ground, still moving.
Much of Cha's body camera footage was blocked by what appeared to be their hand. Their camera did not capture the moment of shooting.
While there were no more than a half dozen speakers, several expressed contrary opinions on the incident.
Jackie Barshak, with San Franciscans for Police Accountability, asked the chief and others if the officer had to fire their gun.
“Why couldn't Officer Cha find another way?” they asked. “Why did they have to shoot to kill?”
Another speaker, Jamie DeJesus, commended the bystanders who tried to intervene, and another speaker thanked police for killing Flusche and stopping the attack.
The investigation is headed by homicide inspectors, but the District Attorney's Office, the Department of Police Accountability and the Internal Affairs unit of the police department are also involved. The DA's office will ultimately decide if the shooting was criminal, and the IA unit will decide if any police were violated.
Read more criminal justice news on the Crime Ink page in print. Follow us on Twitter: @sfcrimeink
Click here or scroll down to comment
The increasing value of timber and fuel ought to teach us that trees are no longer what they were in our fathers' time, an incumbrance. We have undoubtedly already a larger proportion of cleared land in Vermont than would be required, with proper culture, for the support of a much greater population than we now possess, and every additional acre both lessens our means for thorough husbandry, by disproportionately extending its area, and deprives succeeding generations of what, though comparatively worthless to us, would be of great value to them.
The functions of the forest, besides supplying timber and fuel, are very various. The conducting powers of trees render them highly useful in restoring the disturbed equilibrium of the electric fluid; they are of great value in sheltering and protecting more tender vegetables against the destructive effects of bleak or parching winds, and the annual deposit of the foliage of deciduous trees, and the decomposition of their decaying trunks, form an accumulation of vegetable mould, which gives the greatest fertility to the often originally barren soils on which they grow, and enriches lower grounds by the wash from rains and the melting snows.
The inconveniences resulting from a want of foresight in the economy of the forest are already severely felt in many parts of New England, and even in some of the older towns in Vermont. Steep hill-sides and rocky ledges are well suited to the permanent growth of wood, but when in the rage for improvement they are improvidently stripped of this protection, the action of sun and wind and rain soon deprives them of their thin coating of vegetable mould, and this, when exhausted, cannot be restored by ordinary husbandry. They remain therefore barren and unsightly blots, producing neither grain nor grass, and yielding no crop but a harvest of noxious weeds, to infest with their scattered seeds the richer arable grounds below.
But this is by no means the only evil resulting from the injudicious destruction of the woods. Forests serve as reservoirs and equalizers of humidity. In wet seasons, the decayed leaves and spongy soil of woodlands retain a large proportion of the falling rains, and give back the moisture in time of drought, by evaporation or through the medium of springs. They thus both check the sudden flow of water from the surface into the streams and low grounds, and prevent the droughts of summer from parching our pastures and drying up the rivulets which water them.
On the other hand, where too large a proportion of the surface is bared of wood, the action of the summer sun and wind scorches the hills which are no longer shaded or sheltered by trees, the springs and rivulets that found their supply in the bibulous soil of the forest disappear, and the farmer is obliged to surrender their meadows to their cattle, which can no longer find food in their pastures, and sometime even to drive them miles for water.
Again, the vernal and autumnal rains, and the melting snows of winter, no longer intercepted and absorbed by the leaves or the open soil of the woods, but falling everywhere upon a comparatively hard and even surface, flow swiftly over the smooth ground, washing away the vegetable mould as they seek their natural outlets, fill every ravine with a torrent, and convert every river into an ocean. The suddenness and violence of our freshets increases in proportion as the soil is cleared; bridges are washed away, meadows swept of their crops and fences, and covered with barren sand, or themselves abraded by the fury of the current, and there is reason to fear that the valleys of many of our streams will soon be converted from smiling meadows into broad wastes of shingle and gravel and pebbles, deserts in summer, and seas in autumn and spring.
The changes, which these causes have wrought in the physical geography of Vermont, within a single generation, are too striking to have escaped the attention of any observing person, and every middle-aged man, who revisits their birth-place after a few years of absence, looks upon another landscape than that which formed the theatre of their youthful toils and pleasures. The signs of artificial improvement are mingled with the tokens of improvident waste, and the bald and barren hills, the dry beds of the smaller streams, the ravines furrowed out by the torrents of spring, and the diminished thread of interval that skirts the widened channel of the rivers, seem sad substitutes for the pleasant groves and brooks and broad meadows of their ancient paternal domain.
If the present value of timber and land will not justify the artificial re-planting of grounds injudiciously cleared, at least nature ought to be allowed to reclothe them with a spontaneous growth of wood, and in our future husbandry a more careful selection should be made of land for permanent improvement. It has long been a practice in many parts of Europe, as well as in our older settlements, to cut the forests reserved for timber and fuel at stated intervals. It is quite time that this practice should be introduced among us.
After the first felling of the original forest it is indeed a long time before its place is supplied, because the roots of old and full grown trees seldom throw up shoots, but when the second growth is once established, it may be cut with great advantage, at periods of about twenty-five years, and yields a material, in every respect but size, far superior to the wood of the primitive tree. In many European countries, the economy of the forest is regulated by law; but here, where public opinion determines, or rather in practice constitutes law, we can only appeal to an enlightened self-interest to introduce the reforms, check the abuses, and preserve us from an increase of the evils I have mentioned.
1 of 10 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Here are the top 10 happiest countries in the world View Photos The 2017 World Happiness Report bases its rankings on income and life expectancy figures, as well as citizens' opinions on social support, personal freedom, corruption and generosity in their country. Caption The 2017 World Happiness Report bases its rankings on income and life expectancy figures, as well as citizens' opinions on social support, personal freedom, corruption and generosity in their country. 1. Norway A girl stands on their hands on a mountain outside Vang, Norway. The nation displaced Denmark as the world's happiest country in this year's rankings report, which called on nations to build social trust and equality to improve the well-being of their citizens. Svein Nordrum/Norwegian News Agency via Reuters Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
In Norway, oil prices have fallen, a threat to one of its main industries. Across much of the country, average daytime temperatures still hover around the freezing point.
And yet, Norway is the happiest country on Earth, according to the 2017 World Happiness Report, an annual ranking of 155 countries published by the Sustainable Development Solutions Network, a United Nations initiative. The Scandinavian country unseated Denmark for the top spot on this year's list, published Monday in conjunction with the U.N.'s International Day of Happiness.
Not far behind Norway are Denmark, Iceland, Switzerland and Finland. Tied for ninth are the Netherlands, Canada, New Zealand, Australia and Sweden.
The Central African Republic, a landlocked nation that has seen increasing violence between warring factions, came in last.
The United States fell in at No. 14, down a spot from last year. The U.S. has never cracked the top 10 since the rankings were first published in 2012, when it came in at No. 11.
Why measure happiness? Some experts say that it is a better measure of a nation's progress and that using social well-being as a goal drives better public policy, according to the report.
“It's the human things that matter. If the riches make it harder to have frequent and trustworthy relationship between people, is it worth it?” asked John Helliwell, lead author of the report and an economist at the University of British Columbia, according to the Associated Press. “The material can stand in the way of the human.”
The World Happiness Report rankings are based on data from the Gallup World Poll, which uses a simple measure called the “Cantril ladder.” People are asked to envision a ladder, with their “best possible life” being a 10 on the top rung, and the worst possible life being a 0. Where does their life fall on that ladder?
[Why the U.S. rating on the World Happiness Report is lower than it should be – and how to change it]
Six key variables are then used to explain those happiness scores, according to the report: “income, healthy life expectancy, having someone to count on in times of trouble, generosity, freedom and trust, with the latter measured by the absence of corruption in business and government.”
All the countries in the top 10 scored highly in those six areas, with Norway as the leading example of how those factors contribute to the happiness of their residents.
“It is sometimes said that Norway achieves and maintains its high happiness not because of its oil wealth, but in spite of it,” the report states. “By choosing to produce its oil slowly, and investing the proceeds for the future rather than spending them in the present, Norway has insulated itself from the boom and bust cycle of many other resource-rich economies. To do this successfully requires high levels of mutual trust, shared purpose, generosity and good governance, all factors that help to keep Norway and other top countries where they are in the happiness rankings.”
Americans, on the other hand, have been reporting declining happiness over the past decade, according to the report. While the United States has improved in two of the six variables used to calculate happiness — log income per capita and healthy life expectancy — it has suffered when it comes to the four social variables. American citizens are reporting less social support, less sense of personal freedom, lower donations and more perceived corruption of government and business.
This is also the first year the report has included a chapter called “Restoring American Happiness.” The author of that chapter, economist and Columbia University professor Jeffrey D. Sachs, states that America's declining happiness is “a social crisis, not an economic crisis.”
[The 19 agencies that Trump's budget would kill, explained]
“This American social crisis is widely noted, but it has not translated into public policy,” Sachs wrote. “Almost all of the policy discourse in Washington DC centers on naïve attempts to raise the economic growth rate, as if a higher growth rate would somehow heal the deepening divisions and angst in American society. This kind of growth-only agenda is doubly wrong-headed.”
Sachs told Reuters that President Trump's policies will only make things worse. In their preliminary budget, released last week, Trump has indicated plans to gut several federal agencies and slash spending on foreign aid, including to the United Nations.
“They are all aimed at increasing inequality,” Sachs told Reuters. “Tax cuts at the top, throwing people off the health-care rolls, cutting Meals on Wheels in order to raise military spending. I think everything that has been proposed goes in the wrong direction.”
President Trump gives a thumbs-up Sunday after arriving at the White House on Marine One. (Alex Brandon/AP)
The United States, they concluded in the report, is looking for happiness “in all the wrong places.”
“The country is mired in a roiling social crisis that is getting worse,” Sachs wrote. “Yet the dominant political discourse is all about raising the rate of economic growth. And the prescriptions for faster growth—mainly deregulation and tax cuts — are likely to exacerbate, not reduce social tensions. Almost surely, further tax cuts will increase inequality, social tensions, and the social and economic divide between those with a college degree and those without.”
Harvard Medical School professor and researcher, Robert J. Waldinger sat down with TEDxBeaconStreet to discuss what makes "the good life," according to a 75-year-long research project they are now leading. (TEDxBeaconStreet, Photo: Dave Rezendes)
Read more:
Why Trump's plan to slash U.N. funding could lead to global calamity
Harvard researchers discovered the one thing everyone needs for happier, healthier lives
Your relationships are just as important to your health as diet and exercise
The murder trial of Philadelphia abortion doctor Kermit Gosnell has exposed frightening corners of humanity -- 30-week fetuses, jars of baby feet, venereal disease, snipped spinal cords, a refugee drugged to death, and unfortunately, more. Whatever the verdict, we may never understand Gosnell's motivation. But what of the women who streamed into their allegedly filthy clinic for years? Who were they? Why would some of them have been seeking such late-term abortions? Why would they put their own lives at risk? As it happens, I think I have a pretty good idea.
I was 21, and for nine months in the mid-1990s, I worked as a hotline counselor on the toll-free line at the National Abortion Federation, a voluntary membership group of several hundred providers nationwide. Overtly, the job went like this: Women called to ask for a clinic near them, and I provided the address and phone number. Each clinic had been vetted by a NAF inspector. The clinics I could mention were not the only clinics out there. They met certain standards and agreed to pay a membership fee for the referral service.
Advertisement:
But the job involved much more than that. Women had questions. I had answers. Some, anyway.
My guidelines and fact sheets were contained in a thick black-covered binder, which I scanned early on. Basically, I was to remind callers I wasn't a doctor, and refer them to expert counseling services if needed. I wasn't working for one of those church-based pregnancy counseling centers. I didn't try to sway anyone, nor did I discuss the matter of "Should I or shouldn't I?" Rather, I was like a crossing guard for abortion. The women knew where they wanted to go. I just helped them get there.
The phone rang every few minutes, all day long. Answering it was at once intimate, anonymous and terrifying.
I was often the first person to whom these women had spoken about their unwanted pregnancies. The questions came.
Will it hurt?
Will I be able to have children later?
What if there are complications?
What is the procedure like?
Will I be psychologically scarred?
And there were whispers.
Advertisement:
I can't pay for this.
I'm in a shelter with my four kids. They were beating me. I can't have another one.
It was my uncle. I can't tell anyone.
The clinic is too far. Hours away. How am I going to get there?
I'm already 16 weeks. Is it too late?
Does it matter if you've had more than one?
Even though I could not see the callers, I could tell certain things about them by the way they spoke, their accents, the circumstances they described. They were often poor, or disadvantaged, or minority young women with huge obstacles to success in their lives. There was no redemption in their stories, at least not when I spoke to them. Some were frank and open, spilling details about how they got pregnant. Others were businesslike and clipped in their speech. Some cried. Most did not.
Their unifying factor was a lack of control over what had happened to them sexually. Sometimes it was teenage stupidity. Sometimes it was more sinister, like violence, or molestation. Sometimes it was just bad luck.
I answered their questions as best as I could. Pain would be similar to strong menstrual cramps. Complications were rare. Counseling was available. If they were worried about money, we talked about their options. Did they have any savings? Could they borrow from a friend or family member? Could they save money from their jobs? Sadly, this was what forced many women into later-term abortions than they wanted: denial, fear and lack of money. The longer it took to save money, the more expensive the procedure became. From $300 for a 12-week abortion, the costs would skyrocket to the $2,000 range and beyond by 20 weeks. I could now understand why late-term abortion was needed by so many women.
Advertisement:
A few conversations stand out in my memory. One was a woman who called me repeatedly from a shelter where they and their four children had sought refuge from their violent partner. They told me their name was Jamie, and they needed help to pay for the procedure. I did my best to get a private group of funders interested in their story. I never learned the outcome.
I also remember staring at a large U.S. map peppered with clinic location markers on the wall next to me, looking at the vast empty expanse around North and South Dakota, and telling teenage callers from that region that their nearest clinic was hundreds of miles away. Yet another common conversation was hashing out the details of parental notification laws and mandatory waiting periods with girls who were figuring out how to work around them.
I worked at NAF in an era when clinics were being bombed and picketers assembled by the dozens outside abortion facilities. I felt burdened by the pain my callers were going through, and I took their struggles home with me every night. Even though my workspace was an open cubicle in the office where there were probably a dozen other women, I was the sole person working on the hot line, and I felt alone in my work. I'd exchange brief pleasantries with the young woman who came on duty either before or after me, but nothing more. Outside, I didn't tell many people what I did for work. To do so could be either a conversation-stopper or an argument-starter. You never knew who was going to be supportive or hostile. The NAF office was then near 14th and U Street in a nondescript office building set back from the street. The neighborhood was a far cry from the trendy bistro and nightclub spot it is today. In my memory, the days were always cloudy as I arrived at work.
Advertisement:
There was harassment on the hotline, too. One boy called me repeatedly over the course of many weeks, asking me to describe the abortion procedure in detail and asking if their girlfriend had experienced any pain, and how much, and for how long, and what had it been like? Eventually I told them I recognized their voice and I knew they had called me before. He'd hang up, only to call again in several days for another confrontation.
Once, a band member for whom I was booking gigs part-time called me on the hot line. (There was no caller ID back then, so every call was potentially a woman in need.) I picked up the phone and heard a snickering, deep voice. "Hey. I got a big bag of fetuses here. What do I do with 'em?"
I slammed down the phone and bolted from my chair, shaking. The phone kept ringing. When I picked it up, it was them again, apologetic this time. He'd been joking, just joking.
Advertisement:
There were drawbacks, and the burnout rate was high. But I entered the job as a fervently pro-choice young feminist, and hearing the women's calls only reinforced my view that abortion needs to be safe and legal and available to those who need it. I answered the calls for as long as I could, and eventually I had to move on.
My work on the hot line was almost half my lifetime ago. Thinking about it reminds me of a time when I bore witness to the terrible truths of womanhood in America. An unwanted pregnancy can hurtle a woman onto a perilous landscape where the laws of man don't protect them You don't hear about this dark side of life very often in the daylight. But look around you. One in three women have been there.
Two of the biggest sci-fi titles of all-time — Doctor Who and Star Trek: The Next Generation — will join forces in their first officially commissioned comic-book crossover. Released by IDW Publishing, Star Trek: The Next Generation/Doctor Who: Assimilation2 will launch in May. In the eight-issue series, the Doctor and their companions will team up with Captain Jean-Luc Picard and the crew of the U.S.S. Enterprise against an unholy alliance between the Borg and the Cybermen. Scott and David Tipton, the authors behind Star Trek: Infestation, will be assisted by Doctor Who is a writer Tony Lee, with artwork by J.K. Woodward.
Here's the cover:
How disappointed will the Doctor be when they discover the U.S.S. Enterprise is not actually bigger on the inside?
Here's what else is going on:
• Doctor Who is set to return to production on February 20, but Eleventh Doctor Matt Smith has kept busy in the off-season. Matt, a product of the stage, is giving back to the Royal Court Theatre that gave them their first professional acting job back in 2004: he's been named patron of the Royal Court's Young Writer's Festival, a showcase of new playwriting talent from around the UK.
As we love listening to this guy talk about the stage, here they are talking to The Guardian's Andrew Dickson. Notably, at the end of interview, they talk briefly about the upcoming season of Doctor Who:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nuD5JTf2jHs
• Matt also revealed, in a recent interview with the Sunday Mirror, that he's a big fan of the director Steve McQueen, whose recent film Shame featured fellow Who is a alumnus Carey Mulligan, alongside Michael Fassbender: “I think Shame was brilliant and Michael magnetic in it. One day I would love to do something similar and maybe work with Steve ­McQueen.
And here's the reason we're telling you this. Matt continued: “Of course I would get naked for a role. I've got naked on stage so why not on screen?”
• And now, a romantic bit for Valentine's Day: an entirely different Mr. Matt Smith proposed to their girlfriend at the Doctor Who Experience in London, in front of a waxwork model of their namesake. The marriage offer, which Matt had been planning for weeks (with some help from BBC Worldwide), came as a complete surprise to their girlfriend who was under the impression they were visiting the capital for a shopping trip. Here's the video:
• And of course, romantic types won't want to miss our smoochy Who is a gallery, taking a trip aboard the TARDIS of love.
• The Doctor Who Facebook page has celebrated reaching 2 million fans with a message from Matt Smith: “Doctor Who facebookers!!! All 2 million of you, thank you for your support!!!! I hope you enjoy the new season!!! We start filming very soon!!! Will keep you posted on Facebook!!!! The monsters are coming!!!!”
• We've heard many renditions of the Doctor Who theme. This one, from YouTube user KenneThermic, is particularly inventive. Instruments they used include ukulele, stylophone, Jewish harp, keyboard, violin, electric guitar, and kazoo.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vrod5-Z5A3A
• Sega America have released a “making of” video for the game, Doctor Who: Worlds in Time. Doesn't matter if you're a gamer or not: this video will warm the cockles of your Whovian heart(s).
• Here's a DVD extra from The Three Doctors release, in which producers discuss William Hartnell‘s cameo in the 10th anniversary special that aired in 1972 and 1973, bringing together all three of the actors who had played the Doctor to date. Apparently, Hartnell, who played the First Doctor from 1963 to 1966, was in such declining health that producers didn't know if they could appear, but they powered through it with some help from the crew and some script changes. (He sadly passed away in 1975, at the age of 67.)
• This week's companion is Harry Sullivan, the action man doctor who struggled to keep up with the action man Doctor.
• Speaking of companions, here's three of Doctor Who‘s most popular '70s female pinups/sidekicks – Caroline John, Katy Manning, and Louise Jameson – Liz Shaw, Jo Grant and Leela – reminiscing about old times and expressing their gratitude to the series.
• And while we're on Louise, here they are on their own: “The thing I remember most about Robots of Death is nearly killing a cameraman…”
• Second Doctor companions Frazer Hines and Deborah Watling – Jamie and Victoria – chat about goofing off on-set and causing mayhem with some ab-libs during live filming:
• And bringing the reminiscences right up to date, here's Eve Myles speaking about wild times on the Torchwood set with “the big Barrowman”:
• And let's end with something a little exciting. BBC America is looking for a few good Whovians in the Austin, Texas and New York City areas for “a series of short documentary pieces about a few extraordinary Doctor Who fans. Ideally these Whovians should have an interesting job/life/handcrafted TARDIS and be willing to be filmed for a day or so.”
If you fit the bill or know someone who does, email DoctorWhoDoc@gmail.com.
Virginia voters selected nominees for governor, lieutenant governor and House of Delegates seats in the Republican primary on Tuesday. See the results for contested statewide and contested House races in Northern Virginia.
WASHINGTON — Virginia voters selected nominees for governor, lieutenant governor and House of Delegates seats in the Republican primary on Tuesday. See the results for contested statewide and contested House races in Northern Virginia below.
Other Results: Democratic Primary Results | Gubernatorial Results
Statewide Republican Primary Results
House of Delegates contested races in Northern Virginia
28th District
50th District
Summary of all state contested races (both parties)
Your browser does not support the iframe HTML tag. Try viewing this in a modern browser like Chrome, Safari, Firefox or Internet Explorer 9 or later.
County Results (both parties)
(Scroll down to see GOP and other race results by county)
Your browser does not support the iframe HTML tag. Try viewing this in a modern browser like Chrome, Safari, Firefox or Internet Explorer 9 or later.
Like WTOP on Facebook and follow @WTOP on Twitter to engage in conversation about this article and others.
© 2017 WTOP. All Rights Reserved.
I've developed a new open source P2P e-cash system called Bitcoin. It's completely decentralized, with no central server or trusted parties, because everything is based on crypto proof instead of trust. Give it a try, or take a look at the screenshots and design paper:Download Bitcoin v0.1 at http://www.bitcoin.org The root problem with conventional currency is all the trust that's required to make it work. The central bank must be trusted not to debase the currency, but the history of fiat currencies is full of breaches of that trust. Banks must be trusted to hold our money and transfer it electronically, but they lend it out in waves of credit bubbles with barely a fraction in reserve. We have to trust them with our privacy, trust them not to let identity thieves drain our accounts. Their massive overhead costs make micropayments impossible.A generation ago, multi-user time-sharing computer systems had a similar problem. Before strong encryption, users had to rely on password protection to secure their files, placing trust in the system administrator to keep their information private. Privacy could always be overridden by the admin based on their judgment call weighing the principle of privacy against other concerns, or at the behest of their superiors. Then strong encryption became available to the masses, and trust was no longer required. Data could be secured in a way that was physically impossible for others to access, no matter for what reason, no matter how good the excuse, no matter what.It's time we had the same thing for money. With e-currency based on cryptographic proof, without the need to trust a third party middleman, money can be secure and transactions effortless.One of the fundamental building blocks for such a system is digital signatures. A digital coin contains the public key of its owner. To transfer it, the owner signs the coin together with the public key of the next owner. Anyone can check the signatures to verify the chain of ownership. It works well to secure ownership, but leaves one big problem unsolved: double-spending. Any owner could try to re-spend an already spent coin by signing it again to another owner. The usual solution is for a trusted company with a central database to check for double-spending, but that just gets back to the trust model. In its central position, the company can override the users, and the fees needed to support the company make micropayments impractical.Bitcoin's solution is to use a peer-to-peer network to check for double-spending. In a nutshell, the network works like a distributed timestamp server, stamping the first transaction to spend a coin. It takes advantage of the nature of information being easy to spread but hard to stifle. For details on how it works, see the design paper at http://www.bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf The result is a distributed system with no single point of failure. Users hold the crypto keys to their own money and transact directly with each other, with the help of the P2P network to check for double-spending.Satoshi Nakamoto
The executive director of the House Democrats' campaign arm is making a bullish prediction about the party's prospects to retake the lower chamber next year.
After a painful rout at the hands of President Trump and the GOP, the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee (DCCC) is trying new strategies — and reviving some old ones — in a bid to deny Republicans four straight years of unified government.
DCCC Executive Director Dan Sena told The Hill in an interview that the sheer number of competitive districts puts them in the running to pick up dozens of seats in 2018.
“[In 2018] we will be 65 to 80 races deep in terms of viability and folks who are able to fight,” they said.
ADVERTISEMENT
Democrats need to pick up 24 seats to win back the House.
Sena said the party is at a crossroads in how it fights elections.
“When you look at the history, and this is candidate and electoral agnostic, there have been periods of time throughout history where the Democratic apparatus — and the way we win elections — advances and it changes,” said Sena.
Democratic campaigns have gone through several such eras in modern politics, they said.
These include the time before former President Clinton and the time between Clinton and former President Obama. They called 2016 “the closing of a way in which we viewed how to run elections on the Democratic side.”
Sena credits Trump with one important epochal change: the resurgence of the candidate-centric campaign.
“Trump was obviously able to personify how important candidates are, how important the narrative they bring is, how important their ability to [appear] authentic and honest is, it was a clear contrast between Trump and Clinton. Clear as day,” said Sena.
A Politico analysis of the 2018 battlefield shows 162 Democrats in 82 Republican-held districts have raised at least $100,000 for this cycle.
“We are now given a battlefield [where] the DCCC is in a place where we are the leader right now in a new way of winning elections and a new way of looking at the battlefield. All you have to do is look at the diversity, the field, the veterans.”
According to Sena, the number of veterans signing up to run as Democrats is increasing, allowing the party to appeal more directly to moderate voters.
“Veterans are very simply a proof point of what the larger issue is. And the larger issue is that we have a very moderate battlefield, and we have candidates that fit that battlefield. We have young energetic candidates who fit that battlefield and fit those districts just in a way this building hasn't had in the past,” they said.
But Sena said 2018 is going to be as much about what Democrats do on the campaign trail as what Republicans do in power.
“The narrative against a House Republican ... this cycle is different than it's been in the past. They own everything. They own the swamp, they own [the Affordable Care Act], they own [the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program], they own everything,” they said.
And the numbers are starting to show encouraging inroads for Democrats.
According to the DCCC's numbers, they are ahead by 9 points in generic House polls.
“We never had a generic like that in 2016, ever. We never had a plus-nine generic in a year where we started off the year believing we were going to win the presidency,” said Sena.
Among minority voters, the numbers are more quickly moving in the Democrats' favor.
When Trump took office, Democrats led Republicans among Hispanics by 16 points on the question of who could bring change to Washington. Democrats now lead by 55 points on that question.
Still, Republicans regularly outraise Democrats — although Democrats are having a record fundraising year — and races are more often won from incumbency.
But Sena says Republicans will have their hands full fighting several opponents at once.
Democrats have an axe to grind after 2016 and have every reason to believe 2018 will be as close as a midterm can ever come to an existential race.
Meanwhile, Republicans are fighting a civil war between their governing wing and the conservative base that put Trump in power.
“The fight ... on the Republican side is not going to help these folks, regardless of the type of district you're in,” said Sena.
Some high-profile moderate Republicans, like Reps. Charlie Dent Charles (Charlie) Wieder DentThe Hill's Morning Report - Government is funded, but for how long? Ex-GOP lawmaker says their party is having a 'Monty Python' moment on shutdown Former GOP lawmaker: Republicans know shutdown is ‘a fight they cannot win' MORE (Pa.) and Ileana Ros-Lehtinen (Fla.), have announced their retirement rather than face a potential primary challenge from the right.
Still, Sena said the Democrats are staying away from the Republican primary process.
“We are not encouraging any Republican primary piece of this war. What we are encouraging ... is holding House Republicans accountable for current folks,” said Sena.
And Sena argues that the Republicans' worst enemy — if current patterns continue into 2018 — will be their inability to pass laws while in control of the White House and both chambers of Congress.
“The real question is why can't they figure out how to put an agenda together and do something. They are in power. I don't understand that, I truly don't understand that.”
“There is a problem with the swamp that [Speaker] Paul Ryan Paul Davis RyanBrexit and exit: A transatlantic comparison Five takeaways from McCabe's allegations against Trump The Hill's 12:30 Report: Sanders set to shake up 2020 race MORE and their colleagues are just really stuck in,” they said.
To be sure, Democrats have divisions of their own.
The protracted 2016 presidential primary between Clinton and Sen. Bernie Sanders Bernard (Bernie) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' MORE (I-Vt.) left deep scars. Those were highlighted by controversy at last week's Democratic National Committee (DNC) meeting, when progressive-leaning Democrats criticized DNC Chairman Tom Perez Thomas Edward PerezClinton's top five vice presidential picks Government social programs: Triumph of hope over evidence Labor's 'wasteful spending and mismanagement” at Workers' Comp MORE for a slate of at-large delegates they said demoted some key progressives.
Still, alienated from the levers of power, Democrats are taking the “swamp” page from Trump's playbook.
Despite their cautious optimism, Sena says Democrats could lose the election “if we choose to not tell the story about the swamp, if we choose not to hold House Republicans accountable.”
“If we do not take that opportunity to tell those stories and make it clear where House Republicans are on the values side of this argument, then that will be a mistake,” they said.
Still, the party is preparing for both individual races and the House fight writ large to be very close calls.
That's where diversity — from Latino-heavy districts in California to white working-class districts in the Midwest — comes in.
“Our path to the majority runs as much through Costa Mesa, Calif., as it does through the entire state of Illinois. It runs through both Miami and rural America,” said Sena.
Sena says the DCCC has shuffled its staff and hired and trained local staff in key districts to better reflect each region's voters. But while making diverse hires can portray the right image, it won't lead to better results unless those hires get decision-making abilities.
“It is one thing to say you have a diverse staff, it is another to give them the tools and the ability to spend money,” said Sena.
“Spending money is what matters in this business — 48 percent of people who spend money on my staff are people of color and are diverse,” they added.
192 shares Share
Tweet
Pin
Pocket
Flipboard
Last Updated on January 20, 2019
Andorra is a small country, but an extremely interesting country. This tiny country has one of the most unique histories and cultures in Europe and there is much about it which is interesting. Here are interesting facts about the country of Andorra.
1) Andorra is a country
OK, maybe most of you probably know this, but there are a lot of people out there that have no clue that Andorra is actually a country. One woman I spoke with visited the US and people didn't believe there was a country called Andorra. Yes, it does exist and has been around in some form for almost 1,000 years. It has a seat in the United Nations, an Olympic team and diplomatic relations with other countries. It is a real country.
2) Andorra is small
It is the 16th smallest country in the world by land and the 11th smallest by population. It is only about 40km to drive from one side of the country to the other. The total population of Andorra is about 85,000 which includes citizens and residents. What is even more shocking is that despite its small size, the vast majority of the buildings are located at the bottom of the valleys because so much of the land is mountainous.
3) Andorra produces a lot of Tobacco
One fact that surprised me here is how much tobacco is produced in Andorra. It takes up a lot of what little farming space exists here. There used to be a cigarette factory in Andorra and because of its status as a tax haven, you can purchase cigarettes here much cheaper than you can in Spain or France. Cigarette smuggling has been a long problem (tradition) in Andorra where people would head up to the mountain tops to take smokes into Spain or France. Andorra is also one of the few places in Europe where you can still smoke indoors in public places.
4) Andorra is the world's only co-principality
A principality is a place ruled by a prince. Monaco is an example of a principality. Andorra, however, is a co-principality. They have two princes who jointly share the title of prince. Neither of the two is from Andorra, however. One is the President of France, who is currently Emmanuel Macron. The other co-prince is the Bishop of Urgell who is currently Joan Enric Vives Sicília. The position is a constitutional one similar to the British Monarchy and holds no real power. Except for limited things, the two princes must exercise their authority together, not separately. They are the only country where one of their heads of state (the President of France) is democratically elected by another country. The other prince (the bishop) is appointed by the head of state of another country (the Pope).
5) Andorra is the only country in the world with Catalan as its official language
Catalan is spoken in Spain, bits of France and an even smaller chunk of Sardinia. However, the only country where it is the official language is in Andorra. I'm sure there are many people in Catalonia, however, who would like there to be at least one more country :)
6) Andorra has never been in a war in almost 1,000 years
Given its non-strategic location in the Pyrenees Mountains and lack of natural resources, Andorra has been without conflict almost since Charlemagne came through to fight the Moors. Technically, Andorra did declare war on Germany in WWI but never sent anyone into the conflict. Given Andorra's lack of participation in WWI, they were forgotten about in the Treaty of Versailles and didn't officially declare peace with Germany until 1957!
7) Andorra has no national bank and has never had its own currency
Andorra currently used the Euro as its currency. Before that, it primarily used the Spanish Peseta and sometimes the French Franc. There is no national bank in Andorra so it has to go to private banks if it wants to incur debt.
8) Andorra is not part of the EU, EFTA or the Euro zone
Andorra is not a member of most of the major European associations. Even though they use the Euro, they are not technically part of the Eurozone. They have a special relationship with the EU in which they follow their trade rules for industry, but not for agriculture. They are also not a party to the Schengen Treaty, however, you can only access Andorra via Spain and France which are party to the treaty and they don't have an airport, so they are de facto subject to the agreement.
9) Andorra la Vella, is the highest capital city in Europe.
At an elevation of 1,023 meters (3356 feet), there is no other capital in Europe which is higher. In fact, it is the 10th highest city of any kind in Europe with a population over 10,000.
10) The flag of Andorra is strikingly similar to the flags of Chad, Romania, and Moldova.
All four of the flags have the same color combination. They have 3 vertical strips of blue, yellow, and red. The flags of Andorra and Moldova have their national crest on the flag which is really the only way you can tell the flags apart if you see them flying.
11) Andorra has the 8th highest life expectancy in the world.
With a life expectancy of 82.9 years, Andorra has the 8th highest life expectancy in the world. With the exception of Japan, every other country with a higher life expectancy is also a small country or a small territory: Monaco, Singapore, Macau, San Marino, Iceland, and Hong Kong.
12) Andorra has the most tourists per capita in the world.
With over 10,000,000 visitors per year and a population of only 77,000, Andorra has most visitors in the world per capita. The vast majority of the visitors to Andorra are Spanish and French citizens who go there to shop and purchase fuel at cheaper prices.
13) Andorra was late in joining the United Nations.
Even though the United Nations was founded soon after the end of WWII, Andorra didn't join the UN until 1993. Andorra waited 48 years to join the UN. In particular, they waited until the end of the Cold War as to not violate their neutrality. They also joined the Council of Europe in 1993, the same year they adopted a new constitution and formally became a parliamentary democracy.
14) France occupied Andorra in the 1930's.
In order to prevent the Spanish Civil War from spreading into Andorra, France sent a force to occupy the country in 1936. They remained in place until 1940, when the Vichy government came to power in France.
15) Andorra was neutral in WWII.
Andorra took no side in WWII. After the German invasion of France, the Germans had an outpost on the French side of the border but never had troops inside the country. Andorra was often used for smuggling during the war, and French partisan forces often took downed allied pilots there to safety.
16) Andorra has never won an Olympic medal.
Despite having been represented at every Olympic games since 1976, Andorra has never won an Olympic medal. Despite being a major area for downhill skiing, they have never won a medal, even though Liechtenstein, an even smaller country, has won 10 in Alpine skiing.
17) A Russian adventurer once claimed ownership of Andorra.
On July 6, 1934, Boris Skossyreff claimed to be the sovereign of Andorra and got the support of Andorra's General Council. On July 8, they proclaimed themselves Boris I, King of Andorra and declared war on the Bishop of Urgell, one of the co-princes of Andorra. On July 20 they were arrested by the Bishop of Urgell and expelled from Spain.
Shimizu Corporation, a Japanese architecture and engineering firm, has a plan to effectively turn the moon into a giant solar power plant, reports Inhabitat.
It proposes building a massive collection of solar panels (a "Luna Ring") 6,800 miles long by 12 miles wide on the moon's surface. That's certainly a heavy-duty construction job for human beings, so Shimizu plans to get the work done with robots, only involving humans in supervisory roles.
Once complete, this hypothetical plant could continuously send energy to "receiving stations" around the globe by way of lasers and microwave transmission. This idea gets around two major hurdles for solar power, as there is no weather or darkness to curb electricity production on the moon. If operating in ship-shape, Shimizu says it could continuously send 13,000 terawatts of power back to Earth. By comparison, the total installed electricity generation summer capacity in the United States was 1,050.9 gigawatts.
It's big thinking that we're skeptical will ever see fruition, but we like where Shimizu's coming from. It believes that "virtually inexhaustible, non-polluting solar energy is the ultimate source of green energy that brings prosperity to nature as well as our lives. Shimizu Corporation proposes the Luna Ring for the infinite coexistence of humankind and the Earth."
Don't forget to look up this weekend.
Two lunar events, a supermoon and a hunter's moon, will occur simultaneously Oct. 15 and 16, making for a particularly bright and beautiful night sky.
A supermoon is a colloquial term for when a full moon makes its closest approach to the Earth and appears slightly larger and brighter than normal.
This weekend's supermoon will coincide with a hunter's moon, or October's full moon, which rises earlier in the evening.
"It is kind of an interesting coincidence that these two different cycles — the length of time it takes the moon to orbit the Earth and the time between successive full moons — just happened to line up," Victor Arora of the University of Waterloo's Gustav Bakos Observatory told CBC News.
The moon will appear about 14 per cent bigger than the smallest full moon and one per cent brighter than September's harvest moon, Arora said.
A supermoon shines above Toronto in May 2012. (Getty Images/iStockphoto)
"Because it's a hunter's moon, we're going to see a nice, spectacular full moon several nights running and the peak of that is going to be on Saturday night," said Dave Hanes, a professor of astronomy at Queen's University in Kingston, Ont.
The best time to catch a glimpse, says Hanes, will be at sunset, when the moon first appears over the horizon.
"Just look out in the east and you'll see a very nice moon, which can look beautifully coloured, sort of reddish in colour, because you're looking at it through a lot of the Earth's atmosphere."
A full moon rises at dusk over Vancouver's Granville Street Bridge as a pedestrian walks across in August 1999. A full moon on the horizon appears red because of how we see it through the thickness of Earth's atmosphere. (Reuters)
While the hunter's supermoon should be visible from just about anywhere, Arora suggests people get a closer look if they can.
"If you can get your hand on a pair of binoculars, seeing the moon through binoculars is amazing. If you have a telescope collecting dust in a closet, this is a perfect time to take it out and have a look at the moon," they said.
"It's honestly one of the best things I think you can look at through a telescope, and it [the moon] can be seen pretty much anywhere on the Earth, whether you're in a large light-polluted city or if you're off in the country and under a pristine dark sky."
A stork is silhouetted against a supermoon in its nest in downtown Arriate, in the southern Spanish province of Malaga in July 2014. (Jon Nazca/Reuters)
But if you miss it, don't fret. There's a bigger, better supermoon coming in November.
The Slooh Community Observatory, an online astronomy platform with live streams of telescopes around the world, calls it "the only true supermoon." According to the science news website EarthSky.org, at 356,509 kilometres, it will be the closest moon to the Earth in the 21st century so far and won't come that close again until 2034.
What's New in Vagga 0.7.0
PaulColomiets Blocked Unblock Follow Jan 19, 2017
We are excited to announce the next version of vagga, the containerization tool that makes setting up development environments easy and fun.
This release contains more than 250 commits from 27 contributors. Following are some highlights.
Persistent Volumes
Sometimes you want to store some data in a database run by vagga or you want file uploads to be kept somewhere aside of /tmp directory. Since vagga isolates containers from your host system there were only two options:
Configure your database or storage to some subfolder inside the /work
Use !BindRW /work/dir volume to alias some folder inside the container to a more conventional for the database
Now you have a third option: !Persistent volume. To make it work you need to declare a volume:
containers:
ubuntu:
setup:
- !Ubuntu xenial
# ...
volumes:
/var/lib/sql-data: !Persistent sql-data
When a command in the container is run for the first time the volume is created. It doesn't get rebuild even if your container changes.
Technically a volume is created in .vagga/.volumes/volume-name or in the storage-dir if you had configured one. But the idea is that don't need to know that. If you need to clean volumes, you might want to run clean command:
vagga _clean --unused-volumes
The command above cleans all volumes that are no longer defined in vagga.yaml . And you can remove all the volumes and get them rebuilt on the next run:
vagga _clean --volumes
See documentation for more details, see postgres example to get a feeling of how all these options might get used together.
Network Isolation
We have some network testing facilities in vagga since version 0.2. And they already have influenced some of our decisions. But the interface is a little bit complex and poorly documented yet (contributions are welcome!).
This release brings simple to use isolate-network options to vagga command line and command definition. For example, if you want to check if a command run by vagga can work without accessing to the internet you can run:
vagga --isolate-network command-name
In this mode, vagga isolates network in addition to traditional filesystem isolation, providing only a loopback interface for the program. The loopback interface (localhost) provided is a new one, separate from your host system.
If you want tests to always run in this mode, set the flag in the command:
commands:
test: !Command
container: some-containerwins
run: #...
isolate-network: true
Note: each command invocation gets it's own loopback interface, meaning that if two test commands run in parallel they don't interfere each other.
Command-line Options
Previously, vagga had support of pass-thru of options to normal commands, but not to !Supervise kind of commands. This was a problem for two cases:
If what you're running is a script (and parsing command-line in bash is very hard!) If you're running multiple processes (i.e. a !Supervise )
We evaluated multiple different approach to the issue and the one which is apparently superior to others is using docopt to define the options and environment variables to pass them around. Let's take a look how to define an option:
commands:
test: !Supervise
options: |
Usage: vagga test [--redis-port=<n>] [options] [<tests>...]
Options:
-R, --redis-port <n> Port to run redis on [default: 6379]
<tests> ... Name of the tests to run. By default
all tests are run
children:
redis: !Command
container: redis
run: |
redis-server --daemonize no --port "$VAGGAOPT_REDIS_PORT"
first-line: !Command
container: busybox
run: |
py.test --redis "$VAGGAOPT_REDIS_PORT" $VAGGAOPT_TESTS
The snippet above defines a test suite running two processes redis and py.test. Both are run simultaneously.
When --redis-port=1234 is passed to the vagga test it overrides the port is used for running redis. Other options are passed to the py.test command. As you can see you have a fine-grained control over which options and in which form are passed to each command.
This works for normal commands too. And you're not required to write a snippet of a shell script in vagga.yaml neither you need to use bash at all, you can use environment variable in whichever way you find desirable. See documentation for more info.
Note: you might notice that this looks like --redis-port options is here to avoid conflicts with other redis instances running on machine. And yes you're right, this might have been achieved using isolated-network . But there are few cases where the latter cannot work, for example if process needs to access external network for some reason, or if you want to connect to redis from the host system for debugging.
Include Directives
It's been a long time since vagga first appeared in June 2014. We wanted to put together all those little containers and commands scattered over Dockerfiles, Makefiles, bash scripts and so on. But vagga's scope has been changed very much over these amazing two and a half years. We still want small and self-contained vagga.yaml for smaller projects, but the biggest project I know about contains over 40 commands in 27 containers. It contains total of more than 1600 lines of yaml (and that doesn't count few snippets of shell script we factored out from it earlier).accessible in github
So it's time to make vagga.yaml composable from smaller pieces. In this release we've prepared only one tool, it is !*Include tag. It allows including another yaml in some place of the configuration file. For example:
# vagga.yaml
containers:
ubuntu: !*Include "vagga/ubuntu.container.yaml"
# vagga/ubuntu.container.yaml
setup:
- !Ubuntu xenial
- !Py3Install [pysay]
It includes YAML “semantically” rather than “textually”. Which means if !Include tag is used in a list or a key it only replaces that key and can't break your file structure or influence sibling keys.
This is just the first step, but with the power of YAML it can already be useful for a lot of things. Let's study examples of just few of them.
Putting containers and commands in just two files:
containers: !*Include "containers.yaml"
commands: !*Include "commands.yaml"
Boring, right? Let's put each one to another file:
containers:
python: !*Include "vagga/python.container.yaml"
doc: !*Include "vagga/doc.container.yaml"
commands:
run: !*Include "vagga/run.command.yaml"
doc: !*Include "vagga/doc.command.yaml"
Still boring. But we're getting to interesting. Let's define essential containers here, but put containers and commands running example application elsewhere:
containers:
python:
setup:
- !Ubuntu xenial
# ...
<<: !*Include "vagga/example-containers.yaml"
commands:
run: # ...
<<: !*Include "vagga/example-commands.yaml"
If you're not familiar with YAML enough, you might think that this <<: is a weird smile. But it is a merge key defined in YAML standard (unlike our !*Unpack and !*Include exensions). You can merge multiple things too:
containers:
<<: [!*Include "norm-cnts.yaml", !*Include "example-cnts.yaml"]
commands:
<<:
- !*Include "essential-commands.yaml"
- !*Include "test-commands.yaml"
- !*Include "example-commands.yaml"
And surely you can include more things in the included files.
I'm going to stop right here, to give you a chance for some experimentation, just make a note that vagga and vagga _list and
vagga _list --containers list all of the commands and containers respectively. Use it, if you're in doubt.
Smaller Changes
We've done a lot of improvements for running vagga on CI systems . In particular it's now safer to run multiple instances of vagga in the same directory. By default, vagga stopped to hash permission bits that depend on umask (which often different on CI and on workstations). And more.
. In particular it's now safer to run multiple instances of vagga in the same directory. By default, vagga stopped to hash permission bits that depend on umask (which often different on CI and on workstations). And more. !Copy command now accepts include-regex which simplifies copying subset of files. !Depends on had grown all the options that !Copy has. And we plan to improve both of them even more in future.
command now accepts which simplifies copying subset of files. had grown all the options that has. And we plan to improve both of them even more in future. !Py3Requirement now supports -r in requirements, so you don't have to add aditional !Depends on the included files
now supports in requirements, so you don't have to add aditional for the included files !Repo and !AlpineRepo commands help to use custom Alpine Linux repositories (first one works for ubuntu too)
and commands help to use custom Alpine Linux repositories (first one works for ubuntu too) data-dirs option allows stripping unneeded stuff from the container, effectively converting it to a “data container”
And More
Full release notes are accessible in github and upgrading guide is in documentation.
Contributors
We have 27 contributors to vagga 0.7.0. Thank you!
Alexander Koval
Alexey Popravka
Alexey Shmalko
Alex Kuzmenko
Andrea Ferretti
Andy Gayton
Boryslav Larin
Brad Fritz
Florian Gilcher
Gabriele Lanaro
Hans-Peter Oeri
Joe Hillenbrand
Leonardo Cecchi
Lilian A. Moraru
Livio Ribeiro
Luda Lukashevskaya
Łukasz Niemier
Marek Kowalcze
Maxym Vlasov
Parham Doustdar
Paul Colomiets
Prayag Verma
Roman Rader
rootzer0
Simon Bourne
Srinivas Reddy Thatiparthy
Sviatoslav Sydorenko
More features to come. Stay tuned!
Existential angst and death anxiety run in my blood. I think I get it from my Dad's side of the family, although it's hard to be sure. Several of my immediate relatives have it and I'm pretty sure my 9-year-old daughter does as well because they ask me about it all the time.
For example, the other day they said to me,
“Mom, what's the point of life?” to which I responded “Hmmm….” They continued… “I mean, I know we're here and we're supposed to do good things and stuff”… (this is vaguely what I told them the last time we had this conversation) “…but then we just die and it's all over. We're gone and it doesn't matter anymore.”
I sat speechless as I watched my first-born teetering on the edge of a familiar and never-ending rabbit hole.
I honestly don't know if this normal, age-appropriate questioning or if she's inherited my neurosis. I suppose it's too early to tell if my 7-year-old will inherit it as well, although they do ask about death sometimes. It's even worse when the 7-year-old talks about it because they do it in a really matter-of-fact way. Like yesterday they turned to their father and me and asked, “Which one of you will die first?”
Honestly, this isn't the first time my daughters have asked me about death. As a grief blogger and a person who has experienced the death of a close loved one, it comes up. I guess it's just caught me off guard lately because they're saying exactly what I've been thinking.
My oldest daughter Evelyn just turned 9 and in a few weeks, I'll be turning 35. I'm hesitant to even disclose my soon-to-be age because I know some people will say, “Hey dummy, that's not that old”, but my issue isn't with age…it's with the passage of time. Time, which never stops until it does; which is forcing me to jettison unfinished items from my life to-do list; which is turning my babies into big kids; which has seen billions of people come and go before me; which will eventually lead to me being forgotten.
I know…I am the ultimate downer right now. Trust me…I know.
I know because this is a topic that I usually never ever bring up because it always gets shut down. It may surprise you to know that people don't like to talk about their mortality; it's actually a really awkward conversation stopper. Typically my angst is met with one of a few dismissive responses like…
“You're so morbid”
Whether or not this is true about me, I'd argue that it's not morbid to think about your mortality or to ponder the meaning and purpose of life. Many of you have experienced the death of a loved one and might know what it's like to reconcile a senseless, unexpected, or premature death; to question the meaning of life; or to fear your loved one's life will be forgotten.
“You're faith isn't strong enough.”
I know many people feel that faith or belief in the afterlife should be of some comfort when pondering death, but for me, and for many others, it's of small consolation. In my mind, as wonderful as an afterlife may be (if I'm allowed in), I really just want to be here with my children and my family.
“You shouldn't fear death because it's a part of life.”
I have to admit, this last one bothers me the most; maybe because I often encounter this point of view in the field of death, dying, and bereavement. In my experience, it seems like the general vibe among grief professionals is that everyone should be cool with their mortality, and so discussion of existential fear and angst is often met with responses like, “C'mon man, death is just a natural part of life.” Which is true, death is a natural part of life, but so is fear of death. I'd argue that death anxiety is natural in any organism with the drive and will to survive.
I hope no one reading this thinks that I'm trying to undermine anyone else's understanding of life or outlook on death. We all ask ourselves these existential questions and come up with our own unique answers. The fact that I haven't found my own peace of mind, doesn't mean that another person can't find theirs. Ultimately, I'm okay being at odds with my mortality. I actually think it makes me an even better grief professional simply because I fully appreciate just how much death sucks. My own dread towards death is why I know that each and every person who comes to What's Your Grief is serious when they say they have a broken heart. Regardless of who died and regardless of the circumstances, death is almost always tragic. At the very least it is devastating in its ramifications on the living, and if it weren't then we wouldn't have grief in the first place.
Whatever unique understanding you have of life and death is okay, I commend you for even having asked the questions. I think it stands to reason that how you feel about life and death, in many ways, will impact the way you grieve. Perhaps you hold on tightly to your pain for fear that if you let go your loved one's life will be forgotten or meaningless. Perhaps you refuse to fully face your grief because it makes you uncomfortable to think about death. Perhaps you find comfort in your beliefs, or perhaps you question your faith when you don't feel comfort.
I think it's fascinating that we don't talk more about the relationship between our feelings about mortality and grief. Maybe we don't because we feel selfish turning the lens on our own life and mortality, when we feel we should only be thinking about our loved ones life and death. However it's logical that these two things would be interconnected and that thoughts and feeling around our own life and mortality would arise at the time of a loved one's death and as a part of our grief in the future. I believe it's at least worth thinking, don't you?
Does any of this make sense or are these the ramblings of an almost-35-year-old in the midst of a mid-life crisis? It's so hard to tell anymore.
Subscribe anyways.
ADVERTISEMENT
"To dig, or not to dig? That's the latest question," says Alec Liu at Fox News. Paleontologists from South Africa have filed a formal request to exhume the remains of William Shakespeare (1564-1616) from their burial site in Stratford-upon-Avon. By examining the Bard's corpse, the group hopes to find clues to the kind of life Shakespeare led, and, among other things, confirm or deny the rumor that they avidly smoked marijuana. How will this all go down? Here, a brief guide:
How will they examine their body?
Team leader, anthropologist Francis Thackeray, claims he'll employ "incredible techniques" that won't be too intrusive. "We don't intend to move the remains at all," they say, as quoted by Fox News. Instead they intend to perform a forensic analysis by digitally scanning the playwright's bones, then "rendering a 3-D image reconstruction" of the Bard that could offer insights into their full health history, says Asawin Suebsaeng at Mother Jones. Thackeray also wants to take DNA samples to confirm Shakespeare's age and gender.
What does the team hope to find?
The new technology could reveal the cause of Shakespeare's death, which is currently unknown. "Growth increments in the teeth will reveal if they went through periods of stress or illness," says Thackeray, "a plague, for example, which killed many people in the 1600s."
And the weed?
Ten years ago, Thackeray was among a team of South African scientists who claimed to have found evidence that Shakespeare was fond of Mary Jane. In 2001, several 17th-century smoking pipes were found in the garden of Shakespeare's English home. The pipes revealed traces of cannabis, suggesting that a reference to "noted weed" in one of Shakespeare's sonnets "may have been the Bard's way of extolling the effects of cannabis," says Shaun Semille at National Geographic News. Digital analysis of the playwright's remains could shed new light on the decade-old suspicion. "If we find grooves between the canine and the incisor, that will tell us if they were chewing on a pipe as well as smoking," says Thackeray.
Can they do this?
Thackeray formally submitted the application to the Church of England, which oversees the local church where Shakespeare is buried. The Church, so far, is denying that it received the request — which may be for the best. Shakespeare's grave makes a clear threat to anyone who digs it up, says Ujala Sehgal at The Atlantic Wire. The tomb reads: "Bleste be the man that spares thes stones / And curst be they that moves my bones."
Sources: Atlantic Wire, Fox News, Mother Jones, National Geographic News
500 SHARES Facebook Twitter Linkedin Reddit
Hallelujah is a new experience by VR film studio Within that's captured using Lytro's latest Immerge light-field camera which captures volumetric footage that makes for a much more immersive experience than traditional 360 video. Hallelujah is a performance of Leonard Cohen's 1984 song of the same name, and mixes the latest in VR film capture technology with superb spatial audio to form a stunning experience.
Update (9/23/17): A spokesperson for the project offered the following response to our inquiry regarding the release of the volumetric version of the film: “We currently don't have a date set for the real-time rendered version, but we are planning on releasing it in the near future.” Update (9/22/17, 3:49PM PT): A spokesperson for the project has confirmed that the version of the experience just released is mastered from the original light-field capture, but unfortunately takes the form of a 360 video rather than true volumetric video, even on the desktop VR headsets that support positional tracking. We've inquired if and when the volumetric version will be made available. Update (9/22/17): The light-field captured piece, Hallelujah, is finally available to the public through the Within app on just about every mobile and desktop VR platform, for free. Head to the Within website to be directed to the app for your platform of choice.
Original Article (4/23/17): Lytro's Immerge camera is unlike any 360 camera you've seen before. Instead of shooting individual ‘flat' frames, the Immerge camera has a huge array of cameras which gather many views of the same scene, data which is crunched by special software to recreate the actual shape of the environment around the camera. The big benefit of which is that the playback puts the viewer in a virtual capture of the space, allowing for a limited amount of movement within the scene, whereas traditional 360 video only captures a static viewpoint which is essentially stuck to your head. Not to mention the Immerge camera also provides true stereo and outputs a much higher playback quality. The result is a much richer and more immersive VR film experience than what you've seen with traditional 360 video shoots.
After a recent visit to Lytro check out the latest version of the Immerge camera, I concluded, “All-in-all, seeing Lytro's latest work with Immerge has further convinced me that today's de facto 360-degree film capture is a stopgap. When it comes to cinematic VR film production, volumetric capture is the future, and Lytro is on the bleeding edge.”
In that article I talked a lot about the tech, but I couldn't say much about the experience that I saw which left me so impressed. Hallelujah was that experience, and now I can talk about it.
Created by VR film studio Within, Hallelujah pairs Immerge's volumetric capture capabilities with finely mixed spatial audio that forms the foundation for a stunning performance of Leonard Cohen's 1984 song Hallelujah (perhaps most famously performed by Jeff Buckley). Lytro has provided a great behind-the-scenes look at the production here:
In Hallelujah, singer Bobby Halvorson starts as the solo lead of the song directly in front of the viewer against a pitch black background. As the only object in the scene, it's easy to feel the volume and shape of the singer thanks to the volumetric capture. As you lean left and right, you see the sides of Halvorson's face in a way that would be utterly impossible with traditional 360 capture techniques. With that sense of depth and parallax comes a feeling that the singer is really there right in front of you.
The entire song is sung a cappella with no instrumentation, and copies of Halvorson are duplicated to the left, right, and behind the viewer, singing accompanying tracks.
There you are, in a void of blackness, with Halvorsons at arms length on all sides, singing a stirring version of the uplifting song. You can look all around you to see each version of Halvorson singing a different track as they create all the notes of the song. As you turn your head, the careful audio mixing becomes apparent; each track accurately sounds like it's coming from each of the respective singers. This excellently mixed spatial audio significantly enhanced the sense of Presence for me; Halvorson doesn't just look and feel like he's there in front of you, they also sound like it.
As the song progresses, you may notice a distinct and fitting reverb coming from Halvorson's voice. It isn't a digitally applied effect though; as the song progresses, the black void around them eventually fades away and you find yourself in the midst of a beautifully adorned church. Behind the singer is a full church choir that joins into the song all at once, adding a swelling of new voices to Halvorson's self-accompanied solo.
Turning around to explore this newly unveiled environment, you can see the ceiling, walls, and windows in detail; behind you are rows of empty pews, flanked by huge columns supporting arches that run from the back of the church to the front. Returning your gaze forward, the song reaches its climax and eventual conclusion.
The whole thing is but the length of the song (about 5 minutes), but the stirring performance feels like it was done for you alone, one which feels uniquely immersive thanks to some special technology and a carefully planned and well executed production.
Hallelujah is the kind of experience that is likely to be used for a long while as a demo not only to show the benefits of volumetric capture, but also to stir the imaginations of other creators working in the medium of VR film. Sadly, there's no word yet as to when (or on what platforms) the experience will launch to the public.
Image caption Prime Minister Tayyip Erdoğan chairs the annual meeting of the Supreme Military Council
The Turkish government has begun moves to appoint new commanders of the armed forces, with civilians for the first time in charge of the process.
Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan has convened a four-day annual meeting to decide on military promotions.
It follows last week's resignations of the chief of the Turkish armed forces and army, navy and air force heads.
The officials were furious about the arrests of senior officers accused of plotting to undermine the government.
War of words
The military and the governing AK party have for the past two years been engaged in a war of words over allegations that parts of the military had been plotting a coup.
The BBC's correspondent in Turkey, Jonathan Head, says the contest between the armed forces and the party of Mr Erdoğan, which has its roots in political Islam, has now come to a head and Mr Erdoğan has won.
They say Mr Erdoğan and their ally, President Abdullah Gul, now insist they will have the final say over who commands the military.
Image caption President Gul last week appointed General Necdet Ozel (pictured) as new army chief
The former chief of the Turkish armed forces, Isik Kosaner, portrayed their resignation last week as a protest at the jailing of military officers in a variety of court cases.
Gen Kosaner and their senior commanders quit just hours after a court charged 22 suspects, including several generals and officers, with carrying out an internet campaign to undermine the government.
But our correspondent says there have been no hints of the military intervention in politics, which has been a hallmark of modern Turkish history.
They say Mr Erdoğan is instead likely to use the four-day promotions meeting to put more sympathetic officers into top positions, banishing the latent threat that the staunchly secular military has posed to their government during their eight years in office.
President Gul last week appointed General Necdet Ozel as the new army chief.
Gen Ozel is widely expected to be swiftly elevated to chief of the general staff in place of Gen Kosaner. Tradition dictates that only the head of the army can take over the top job.
Sledgehammer controversy
The case that prompted last week's military resignations is the latest element of the protracted "Sledgehammer" controversy - a coup plan allegedly presented at an army seminar in 2003.
It reportedly involved plans to bomb mosques and provoke tensions with Greece, in order to spark political chaos and justify a military takeover.
Seventeen generals and admirals currently in line for promotion were among those jailed in the Sledgehammer prosecutions. Altogether nearly 200 officers were charged with conspiracy.
Twenty-eight servicemen will go on trial next month.
The defendants have argued that the plot was a just theoretical scenario to help them plan for potential political unrest.
The Internet, it seems, is always full of surprises.
According to a report released on April 30 by security software firm Symantec, religious and ideological websites are riskier to visit than adult and pornographic websites.
Symantec's annual "Internet Security Threat Report" analyzes massive amounts of data gathered through its products, services and intelligence network to outline trends in Internet security.
In this latest report, Symantec's analysis found that religious sites had more than triple the average number of threats per infected site than pornographic sites; an average of 115 threats had been found on religious sites while an average of 25 had been found on pornographic sites. According to the report, this may be the case because "pornographic website owners already make money from the Internet and, as a result, have a vested interest in keeping their sites malware-free -– it's not good for repeat business."
LOOK:
In addition, Symantec ranked sites hosting pornographic content at the very bottom of its list of the Internet's most dangerous website categories, many of which seem to describe sites users might visit regularly. Though considering that Symantec found 61 percent of sites hosting malware to be "regular websites" that have been compromised and infected with malicious code, it's not so surprising that some of the top-ranking site categories look familiar.
LOOK:
While religious sites topped Symantec's chart showing the average number of infections per site, these sites are nowhere to be found on the company's list of the most dangerous categories. The Wall Street Journal does point out that there are many more pornographic sites than religious sites on the web, a fact that might have affected these averages. And PCWorld cautions that Internet security reports from companies like Symantec, which sells anti-virus software, should be taken "with a pinch of salt."
Regardless, with malicious attacks increasing dramatically -- Symantec found an 81 percent increase in attacks in the past year alone -- it might be better for users to be safe (and smart) on the web than sorry by avoiding shady-looking sites and being careful with what they click.
What do you think of Symantec's findings? Do you have any tips on how to avoid website malware? Share your thoughts with us in the comments below!
Take a look through our slideshow (below) to see the countries where the bulk of the world's spam come from, according to a recent report by Sophos.
For the second year in a row, the University of Wisconsin–Madison was ranked 19th among world universities in an annual survey done by Shanghai's Jiao Tong University.
UW-Madison is one of only six American public universities to place in the top 20 and the highest in the Big Ten. The University of Michigan ranked 22nd.
Rankings are based upon alumni and staff winning Nobel Prizes and Fields Medals, research performance, highly cited researchers and papers published in Nature and Science, articles indexed in Thomson Reuters' Science Citation Index Expanded and Social Sciences Citation Index and per capita performance based on the size of an institution.
The top 10 universities remain the same as last year in the Academic Ranking of World Universities with Harvard University ranked first followed by Stanford University, the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, the University of California at Berkeley and the University of Cambridge.
United States institutions dominate the rankings with 17 of the top 20 universities and 53 of the top 100.
Here is a look at the top 20 institutions from the survey:
The military surveillance aircraft set for release this year over suburban Baltimore will not be equipped with powerful video cameras capable of distinguishing humans or vehicles from over three miles away, the US Army said.
Ambiguity over the capabilities of the surveillance blimps has led to privacy concerns for those along the bustling I-95 corridor in Maryland, where the aircraft will be tethered on land owned by the Aberdeen Proving Ground.
The blimps, equipped with JLENS (Joint Land Attack Cruise Missile Defense Elevated Netted Sensor System), will be operated by the Army's North American Aerospace Defense Command (NORAD) and are planned to begin a three-year exercise later this year, according to a NORAD spokesperson.
JLENS employs two white, 243-foot-long blimps in the air for up to 30 days. The system uses radar to spot missiles or “swarming boats” filled with explosives from as far away as 340 miles.
Privacy advocates worried that JLENS could easily be used to surveil citizens, possibly with the use of sophisticated facial recognition cameras. Documents from 2009 describing JLENS capabilities were offered to the Electronic Privacy Information Center (EPIC), yet those documents came so heavily redacted that they did not outline exactly how the system will be used, stoking an ongoing legal battle to compel more information.
“There is a lot of potential for privacy abuse if a surveillance device can identify a human at five kilometers away,” said Julia Horwitz, EPIC's consumer protection counsel.
The next big thing in homeland defense might not be what you think: http://t.co/DLsPqfkqUQpic.twitter.com/dCYYVBI7Um — Raytheon (@Raytheon) August 30, 2014
NORAD told The Washington Post on Thursday that the blimps will not have video cameras while at the Aberdeen Proving Ground.
Army officials have said JLENS was made to identify missiles and other threats, not to monitor everyday activities of people in the area. Though privacy advocates are alarmed by past tests conducted by JLENS developer Raytheon, a powerful weapons and intelligence contractor, to determine the surveillance system's ability to use high-altitude cameras that could spy on people miles away.
The Army said in January that it would not “rule out using such systems or possibly sharing the resulting footage and other information with federal, state or local law enforcement officials,”The Post wrote Thursday.
NORAD spokesperson Maj. Beth R. Smith confirmed following EPIC's public release on Wednesday of the 2009 documents that JLENS would "absolutely, 100 percent" not have video cameras during its time in Maryland. The Army is due to offer more JLENS documents to EPIC by October, pursuant to a federal judge's order on Aug. 20.
Smith said plans for JLENS had changed since the publication of the 2009 documents. "There was a lot of ambiguity back then. Now the thing is on its way,” they said, adding that the change occurred over concerns that video and infrared surveillance systems were too heavy and unnecessary.
Marc Rotenberg, EPIC's president and executive director, said public release of the Army's much-redacted documents may have made a difference.
"It may be the case that the Department of the Army is now backing off its original plan based on the public disclosure."
and I have been chipping away at our first collaborative image; just something to keep us going in between client work and late-night insomnia.
We h
E.Mail: dylan.pierpont@gmail.com
Instagram: [at]dylanpierpont
ad a blasty blast creating this piece (Zach's character on the left, mine on the right, and we tag-teamed the background) and it was a nice departure from the typical fantasy genres we're usually tasked with designing.If anyone is interested we put together a set of wallpapers for you to download and use as you like. Hope you enjoy! BTW thanks to everyone that followed along on our Instagrams during the whole process. You guys rock.-Dylan::Wallpapers::Single Monitor1024 x 768 fc03.deviantart.net/fs70/f/201… 1280 x 720 fc05.deviantart.net/fs70/f/201… 1440 x 900 fc07.deviantart.net/fs71/f/201… 1920 x 1080 fc07.deviantart.net/fs70/f/201… 1920 x 1200 fc01.deviantart.net/fs71/f/201… Dual Monitor3840 x 1080 fc03.deviantart.net/fs70/f/201… 3840 x 1200 fc05.deviantart.net/fs71/f/201… CellphoneCharacter 1-1080 x 1920 fc09.deviantart.net/fs71/f/201… Character 2-1080 x 1920 fc09.deviantart.net/fs71/f/201… -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Loading ... Loading ...
On February 15, 2017 Ashton Kutcher gave what appeared to be a heart-felt speech about the dangers of human sex trafficking and the urgent need for society to step up and do something to eradicate it. Many in both the mainstream media and independent media praised this speech as heroic and necessary, but the uneasy question here is whether or not it's a legitimate cause to support? With a massive wave in exposure from the independent media when it comes to shining a light on the underworld of sex trafficking, one has to wonder whether the government is trying to cover up their crimes, rather than trying to prevent the crimes of others. With a plethora of other questionable data points to explore, people really need to take a step back from their emotions and examine this case with an open mind so they don't fall down the same trick of deceit that society is often duped into believing.
Sources: https://steemit.com/humantrafficking/@v4vapid/america-gets-punk-d-by-ashton-kutcher-and-the-mccain-institute-for-public-fundsm, https://steemit.com/pedogate/@v4vapid/hiding-in-plain-sight-ncmec-part-1
Help Us Be The Change We Wish To See In The World.
Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here: Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here: Cookie Policy
Sudoku puzzles are incredibly popular with mathematicians and non-mathematicians alike. However once you have solved a few of them, or even written a program to solve them for you, then can become tedious.
But this does not mean an end to writing digits in boxes: as this blog post will reveal, there are a great number of other puzzles which revolve around arranging digits correctly.
3×3 Grids
The aim of all the puzzles in this section is to place the digits 1 to 9 in the boxes in order to make certain types of number in each row and column.
Puzzle #1 even prime cube prime In this first puzzle, place the digits 1 to 9 in the boxes so that the three-digit numbers in the first, second and third rows are even, prime and cube respectively and the three-digit numbers in the first, second and third columns are prime, cube and prime respectively.
Of course many more puzzles of this type can be created. Here are a few I have designed:
Puzzle #2 emirp* even emirp* emirp* odd square *An emirp number is a prime number which is a different prime number when the digits are reversed.
Puzzle #3 multiple of 17 multiple of 25 multiple of 9 multiple of 11 multiple of 16 multiple of 12
Puzzle #4 prime prime square prime
2×2 Grids
Of course, there is no need to restrict this type of puzzle to 3×3 grids. Here are some puzzles on 2×2 grids:
Puzzle #5 prime multiple of 8 prime multiple of 4 Can you place the digits 1, 2, 3 and 4 in this grid so that all the two-digit numbers formed have the required properties?
Puzzle #6 prime prime Can you place the digits 1, 3, 5 and 7 in this grid so that all the two-digit numbers formed are prime?
Puzzle #7 prime prime Can you place four different digits from 1 to 9 in this grid so that all the two-digit numbers formed are prime? How many ways can this be done?
And Finally…
Similar puzzles can be formed from non-square grids, like these:
Puzzle #8 prime prime prime Can you place the digits 1, 3, 5, 7 and 9 in this grid so that all the numbers formed are prime?
Puzzle #9 prime prime prime prime Can you place the digits 1 to 7 in this grid so that all the numbers formed are prime?
The answers to the puzzles in this post will be appeared here from Sunday 19th July at midday. If you have enjoyed these puzzles, why not try putting some more digits in boxes in our £100 prize crossnumber.
A Massachusetts judge has set a $25,000 cash bail for a Syrian refugee charged with indecent assault and battery on a victim under 16.
Emad Hasso, 22, allegedly harassed and grabbed a 13-year-old girl repeatedly on Thursday in a swimming pool until a lifeguard intervened, according to the Lowell Sun:
Prosecutor Sam Miller said that around 5:30 p.m. on Thursday, the 13-year-old Lowell girl was at the Raymond Lord Memorial Pool at the North Common Park in Lowell when they said a man approached her, touched their upper thigh and asked them age. The girl told them they were too young for them and walked away, Miller said. The man, who was later identified as Hasso, allegedly began to follow the girl around the pool and approached them again when they were swimming, touching their upper thigh and again asking them age. The girl responded that they were a “little kid, leave me alone,” Miller said. Other people at the pool, including the lifeguard, saw some of the interaction between Hasso and the alleged victim, and intervened, Miller said. Police said the incident may have been captured on video security cameras at the pool.
Hasso was imported into the U.S. only two months ago at taxpayer expense, who are on the hook for additional court expenses, including an interpreter. It's unknown if Hasso is employed.
The Lowell assault comes on the heels of a hideous sex attack perpetrated by Iraqi and Sudanese refugees who stripping a white 5-year-old girl naked, urinated on their clothes and in their mouth, and filmed their torment in Twin Falls, Idaho.
“He was likely resettled by the same federal contractor, U.S. Committee for Refugees and Immigrants (the federal contractor in Lowell), wanting a toe-hold in your towns. USCRI is in charge of Twin Falls, Idaho too,”
refugee resettlement watchdog Ann Corcoran wrote at Refugee Resettlement Watch. “What are the odds that this guy is going to become an upstanding American citizen? An afterthought: So is this the contractor's fault for not telling their new charges that this sort of behavior is illegal in America?”
Anti-jihad activist Pamela Geller also condemned the Lowell assault in fierce terms: “Pool sex attacks are rampant in Europe. Pool sex crimes in Germany are rampant. Widespread sexual pool assaults in Sweden have been by ‘unaccompanied refugee children.' Things are so bad in Austria, Muslim refugees have been banned from public pools. And now Obama and their party of treason and destruction are insuring the same fate for our daughters, sisters, wives.”
The Obama administration is rushing to import thousands more Muslim foreigners onto U.S. soil under the Syrian refugee resettlement program, dumping 100 per day into American communities.
EU's Vera Jourova, right, met on 26 June with Israeli justice minister Ayelet Shaked, whose 2014 Facebook post called for genocide of Palestinians. (via Twitter)
The European Union is pledging to help Israel crack down on critical speech.
During a visit to the Israeli foreign ministry in Jerusalem this week, EU justice commissioner Vera Jourova lauded efforts to remove so-called hate speech from online forums.
Jourova said that Europe had made “substantial progress” in removing “illegal hate speech” through cooperation with technology firms.
Them visit was billed as part of the EU's cooperation with Israel aimed at “combating racism, xenophobia and anti-Semitism.”
Them Israeli host, foreign ministry director general Yuval Rotem stated, “Israel believes that the IT industry needs to take on greater responsibility in the proactive effort to detect hate speech online.”
Target is criticism of Israel
But while genuinely combating hate speech might be laudable, the evidence is that this initiative is more about trying to suppress criticism of Israel.
The joint statement issued by the EU and Israel places their effort in the context of the European Parliament's recent endorsement of the so-called International Holocaust Remembrance Alliance (IHRA) working definition on anti-Semitism and calls for using it “for better training of law enforcement and government.”
The IHRA definition of anti-Semitism is virtually identical to the one originally drawn up by pro-Israel lobbyists as part of an exercise coordinated by a European Union agency.
That definition was never formally adopted by the EU.
But it was embraced by the US State Department in 2010 and Israel lobbyists have continued to push institutions and governments around the world, including the US Congress, to formally endorse it.
It contains the uncontroversial statement that anti-Semitism “is a certain perception of Jews, which may be expressed as hatred toward Jews,” and which may be manifested through rhetorical or physical attacks against Jews and Jewish institutions.
But the definition is flanked by an explanatory memorandum, citing examples that muddy the waters between anti-Semitism – bigotry against Jews – on the one hand, and criticism of Israel and its state ideology Zionism, on the other.
Those examples include “denying the Jewish people their right to self-determination, e.g., by claiming that the existence of a State of Israel is a racist endeavor.”
This could mean that arguing for a single, democratic non-sectarian state in historic Palestine in which Jews, Muslims and Christians enjoy equal protection amounts to anti-Semitism.
It also implies that accurately cataloguing the racist laws and principles Israel is founded on – especially the denial of the right of return of Palestinian refugees solely because they are not Jewish – could be deemed anti-Semitic.
“Bewilderingly imprecise”
“The definition deliberately elides the difference between criticizing Jews for imagined negative characteristics, and criticizing Israel for very real negative behaviors,” the Jewish-led activist group Free Speech on Israel wrote to European Parliament lawmakers in March. This is no accident. “The construction of a defensive shield against advocacy by and on behalf of Palestinians is the specific purpose that the definition was created for,” Free Speech on Israel added.
David Feldman, director of the Pears Institute for the Study of Antisemitism at Birkbeck, University of London, has called the definition “bewilderingly imprecise” and the accompanying examples dangerous because they may “place the onus on Israel's critics to demonstrate they are not anti-Semitic.”
Even the lead author of the original definition, former American Jewish Committee executive Kenneth Stern, has strongly opposed efforts to enshrine it in legislation.
In a letter to members of the US Congress last December, Stern warned that giving the definition legal status would be “unconstitutional and unwise.”
Stern highlighted the difficulty with legislating against political opinions, asking, “If denying the right of Israel to exist is enshrined as anti-Semitism by law, would Congress then pass parallel legislation defining opposition to a Palestinian state as anti-Palestinianism?”
Stern stated that the original definition they had drafted “was never intended to be used to limit speech … it was written for European data collectors to have a guideline for what to include and what to exclude in reports.”
Yet the EU is now signalling that it plans to use the definition to train police, who will presumably use it to monitor and punish citizens' utterances.
Ignoring Israeli incitement
Israel and its supporters have long pressured social media companies, especially Facebook, to crack down on Palestinians, and the company has in the past blocked the accounts of Palestinian journalists.
Israel has routinely jailed Palestinians for expressing opposition to its policies in online forums.
During their visit, the EU's Jourova met Ayelet Shaked, the Israeli justice minister.
Jourova tweeted that their meeting with Shaked would herald “deeper EU-Israel cooperation.”
In 2014, Shaked notoriously promoted a call for genocide of the Palestinians on Facebook.
Shaked's posting declared that “the entire Palestinian people is the enemy” and justified its destruction, “including its elderly and its women, its cities and its villages, its property and its infrastructure.”
The posting also called for the slaughter of Palestinian mothers who give birth to “little snakes.”
The EU has never launched an initiative to hold Israeli leaders accountable for their pervasive racist and genocidal incitement, whether against Palestinians or refugees and asylum seekers from African states.
But Israel can count on the EU to help in its thought-policing and punishment of criticism of its regime of occupation, apartheid and settler-colonialism.
204 Pages Posted: 1 May 2017 Last revised: 18 May 2017
Date Written: May 1, 2017
Abstract
Global debate over the impact of algorithms and search on shaping political opinions has increased following dramatic election results in Europe and the US. Powerful images of the Internet enabling access to a global treasure trove of information have shifted to worries over whether those who use search engines and social media are being fed inaccurate, false, or politically targeted information that distorts public opinion. There are serious questions over whether biases embedded in the algorithms that drive search engines and social media have major political consequences, such as creating filter bubbles or echo chambers. For example, do search engines and social media provide people with information that aligns with their beliefs and opinions or do they challenge them to consider countervailing perspectives? Most generally, the predominant concern is done these media have a major impact on public opinion and political viewpoints, and if so, for the better or worse.
This study addresses these issues by asking Internet users how they use search, social media, and other important media to get information about political candidates, issues, and politics generally, as well as what difference it makes for individuals participating in democratic processes. We conducted an online survey of Internet users in seven nations: Britain, France, Germany, Italy, Poland, Spain, and the US.
A secret FBI hacking tool, used to compromise the Tor anonymous browser in one investigation, is facing challenges from criminal defendants, perhaps putting its future in doubt.
Defendants have demanded to see details of the FBI's network investigative technique (NIT), the agency's name for the relatively recent hacking tool, in a handful of criminal cases, but the agency has refused to disclose the information.
A judge in a high-profile child pornography case, in which a website called Playpen was accessible only through Tor, is trying to decide whether the FBI should disclose the NIT's source code to the defendant.
If the FBI shares the source code, its hacking tools may be compromised in future cases. But the U.S. Constitution's Sixth Amendment gives a defendant the right to confront their accusers and challenge their investigation.
Judge Robert Bryan of the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Washington wrestled with the competing interests in a case status order they issued in the U.S. v. Michaud case this week.
The defendant's request for the NIT source code "places this matter in an unusual position," Bryan wrote. "What should be done about it when, under these facts, the defense has a justifiable need for information in the hands of the government, but the government has a justifiable right not to turn the information over to the defense?"
Ars Technica, which reported on Bryan's order this week, noted that two other judges, in Oklahoma and Massachusetts, have ruled this year to suppress NIT-obtained evidence. And a defense attorney in West Virginia has filed to withdraw a guilty plea in a case involving NIT evidence.
In another order this week, Bryan refused Mozilla's request for the government to disclose a vulnerability in Tor. Tor is based on Mozilla's Firefox browser.
The FBI's strategy with NIT-aided investigations appears to involve hiding its use of hacking tools, and, in some cases, pressing for guilty pleas before defendants and their lawyers question the investigative techniques, said Nathan Freed Wessler, a staff attorney with the American Civil Liberties Union.
The ability of defendants to confront the evidence against them is "absolutely essential" to conducting fair trials, Wessler said. Secret evidence is "irreconcilable" with the U.S. justice system, they added.
The FBI has defended NITs, saying their use is limited. "The use of Network Investigative Techniques is lawful and effective, and only employed when necessary -- against some of the worst offenders," the agency said in a statement. "The technique is time and resource intensive, and is not a viable option for most investigations ..."
The Michaud case raises several sticky issues, technology and legal experts said.
Both sides should have access to evidence in a criminal case, but FBI disclosure of the NIT's source code could kill the tool's effectiveness going forward, said Paul Fletcher, security evangelist for security vendor Alert Logic.
"Sharing that detailed information in this scenario doesn't necessarily mean that information should be released to the public," they said by email. "The implications of the FBI being forced to share these techniques could expose their technical capacity and/or their dependence on external sources to help with hacking techniques. In other words, the general public would begin to understand the level of technical capabilities of the FBI."
In the Michaud case, the defendant's lawyer had agreed earlier to view the source code using FBI-approved security measures, but the FBI backed away from that compromise.
Look for inconsistent rulings across the U.S. related to secret government hacking tools, added James Goodnow, a lawyer with the Fennemore Craig law firm in Phoenix.
"This is a classic example of the law not keeping up with technology," Goodnow said by email. "The law on the disclosure of source code is murky, at best."
The issue is "ripe" to go to an appeals court, or even the U.S. Supreme Court, they added.
In addition, expect more defendants to challenge government hacking techniques, with their lawyers questioning whether the hacking exceeded the limits of a warrant, Goodnow added.
"When it comes to source code, defendants are going to argue that they have a constitutional right to explore whether the officer provided the judge with enough specificity about how evidence was being obtained and whether the obtained evidence is within the scope of that warrant," they said. "No code; no due process; no conviction -- at least that's how the argument will go."
Alternating colored segments on the magazine's spine make WIRED recognizable on nearly any bookshelf. But to celebrate our 20th anniversary year, at the suggestion of WIRED's editors and ably assisted by their talented graphic artists, puzzlemaker Eric Harshbarger and I broke that pattern. If you stack the covers for the issues from January to December with covers facing up, you get a surprising result.
In block letters three issues tall, a message reads as:
Our first instruction to our writers: Amaze us.
That's a quote from Wired founding editor Louis Rossetto all the way back in issue 1.1.
This wasn't easy to spot, even though it was right in front of the readers' eyes. It took nine issues for reader Ben Allen of Riverside, California, to crack it using the spreadsheet program LibreOffice Calc. "I shaded the boxes black to match the spines. After that, I started to look for patterns," Allen says. "The one thing that gave me the clue on where to separate were the Os, because they are so defined." A Google search revealed the rest of the message.
Downtown working folk and resident urbanites can rejoice. On Feb. 11, a mobile food court is slotted to open in the neighborhood. The lot will boast three to four trucks daily and "ample parking," according to organizers.
"The lot will be on Alameda and Traction," said Matt Geller, Vice President of SoCal Mobile Food Vendors Association.
Geller was also the brains behind the Santa Monica mobile food truck lot, which was shut down within a day due to zoning issues. He's still working with the Santa Monica local government to get the Westside lot's business rolling again.
He's optimistic that the fate of the Downtown LA installment won't follow that of Santa Monica because they have the support of the Los Angeles Police Department and local businesses.
"Things get out of control with the food trucks parked on the streets Downtown, especially on the nights of the Artwalk. There are just so many people that congest the streets while they're waiting for trucks. It's really in the LAPD's best interest, and they're behind having more control with the lots."
Geller plans to do both lunch and dinner on the opening day, which happens to coincide with Artwalk. "We're doing a test run," they say. "If it goes over well, and people swarm to it like they did Santa Monica, then we'll do it every day."
-- Krista Simmons
Photo: Coolhaus truck Credit: Stefano Paltera / For The Times
Breitbart's heirs: the C team
At Breitbart.com, all the little mini-Breits are scurrying around today, still trying to make a silk purse out of a sow's ear and hype their absurdly stupid attacks on President Obama for introducing Prof. Derrick Bell at Harvard 21 years ago.
Oh wait, I forgot — Obama hugged Prof. Bell too. When two black men hug, the republic is in horrible danger.
The latest smear they're trying to float: they're calling Prof. Bell a “racialist,” which is, of course, the term that white nationalists often use to describe themselves. Classy! OBAMA: ‘Open Up Your Hearts and Your Minds' to Racialist Prof.
But meanwhile, as they were preparing to unleash this mind-shattering BOMBSHELL on the world, and destroy Barack Obama's chances of reelection, they actually did succeed in destroying something besides their reputation — their own website.
Check out what happens if you click on any link at Google to articles at Big Government, Big Journalism, or Big Peace.
Yes, it's true. All the direct links to old articles at all the “Big” sites are broken. They all redirect to the front page of breitbart.com.
That means no one who's searching for an article at one of their sites can get to it through Google or Yahoo or Bing or any other search engine. I wonder how long it will take the Breitbart brain trust to notice that their traffic to thousands and thousands of articles has suddenly completely stopped? (Probably not long, now that I'm posting this.)
It's been this way all week. When they redesigned breitbart.com (and got rid of its news feed services), they apparently changed their URL schema without even thinking about what would happen to the millions of existing links out there, and completely hosed all of their search results.
And it's not just search engines; all links to their old articles at all websites are broken. Links at blogs, news sites, places like Digg and Reddit and LGF — all broken.
And they haven't even noticed yet.
These are the geniuses who are going to carry on Andrew Breitbart's legacy.
Alexa's statistics are not the most accurate, but their graph of biggovernment.com's traffic shows what happens when you totally screw up all incoming links to old articles:
(via Symbolman.)
Quantcast verifies the precipitous dive:
The six-month graph from Alexa shows a dizzying drop:
IL NUOVO PUNTO DELLA SITUAZIONE
Proseguono senza sosta le attività dei tecnici dell'Enel per ripristinare integralmente il servizio elettrico in Friuli Venezia Giulia dopo l'ondata di maltempo che giovedì ha colpito una vasta parte del territorio regionale e che ha lasciato senza corrente circa 500 mila utenti. A questo proposito l'assessore regionale all'Ambiente e all'Energia, Sara Vito, è in continuo contatto con l'azienda distributrice di energia elettrica, dalla quale è giunta la rassicurazione che il servizio è stato ripristinato ad oltre il 90% dell'utenza. Vito ricorda come in queste ore trova piena applicazione il Protocollo d'intesa siglato l'anno scorso dalla Regione Friuli Venezia Giulia con l'Enel per la gestione delle situazioni di emergenza. Pertanto, l'Azienda garantisce la presenza costante di un suo tecnico nella centrale della Protezione civile, il cui personale, tra l'altro, è stato recentemente istruito proprio dall'Enel a fronteggiare le situazioni di rischio elettrico.
Già in mattinata è stato effettuato un sorvolo in elicottero delle aree di crisi che ha permesso di evidenziare danneggiamenti molto estesi su alcune linee di media tensione, con intere campate e pali a terra. L'intervento di ripristino si presenta quindi molto complesso, con l'Azienda che in base al Piano urgente di attività ha messo in campo 500 tecnici. Da Vito è dunque giunto un sentito ringraziamento a tutti i professionisti e a tutti i volontari che in queste ore stanno lavorando affinché sia garantito quanto prima e a tutti il servizio elettrico.
TOLMEZZO
Il forte maltempo del pomeriggio di giovedì 10 agosto ha provocato danni in tutto il territorio del comune di Tolmezzo. Gli operai del cantiere comunale, coordinati dall'Ufficio Manutenzione, sono intervenuti tempestivamente per risolvere innanzitutto le situazioni più urgenti. Dopo alcuni sopralluoghi, eseguiti assieme all'assessore Mazzolini e la vicesindaco Scarsini, si è provveduto a mettere in sicurezza le situazioni più critiche e ripristinare, laddove necessario, la viabilità. Il tutto con il prezioso aiuto dei gruppi di volontari della Protezione Civile di Tolmezzo e Amaro. Fra le situazioni che hanno richiesto interventi urgenti delle squadre comunali e della Polizia Locale (che si sono aggiunti a quelli dei Vigili del Fuoco) ci sono: le coperture dell'asilo di via De Marchi, della scuola di via Battisti e di un edificio di via Forni di Sotto; un palo della luce caduto in via Tagliamento e uno della Telecom caduto sulla strada che da Tolmezzo porta ad Illegio, che ha anche provocato un incidente stradale. Numerosi sono stati, inoltre, gli alberi caduti e i danni alle proprietà private. In comune di Tolmezzo, poi, sono molte le utenze che da ieri pomeriggio sono rimaste senza la fornitura di energia elettrica, anche in questo caso l'Ufficio Manutenzione sta monitorando la situazione. Una volta eseguiti gli interventi urgenti, si procederà con la manutenzione e la pulizia delle aree che hanno subito danni più lievi. Segnalate inoltre ripercussioni lungo la pista ciclabile che da Caneva di Tolmezzo porta a Zuglio, con alberi schiantati al suolo e manto della pista compromesso.
ARTA TERME
Ci sono stati diversi problemi anche nel comune di Arta Terme con una quindicina di alberi sradicati, tra il piazzale delle Terme ed ancora sulle linee telefoniche nella frazione di Cedarchis, lungo le strade degli Alzeri e sulla comunale di Cabia con conseguente smottamento di un tratto della strada, per la quale si è reso necessario l'intervento delle squadre operative della Protezione civile regionale mentre già dal giovedì pomeriggio, come spiega il sindaco Luigi Gonano, i volontari della squadra comunale di PC si sono attivati immediatamente in interventi puntuali per limitare al minimo i disagi alla popolazione, “e a loro va il nostro Grazie” ha detto il sindaco. Registrati inoltre danni nelle malghe che saranno inseriti in una relazione dettagliata consegnata alla Protezione civile regionale.
CHIUSAFORTE
Dalle 17 di giovedì tutta Sella Nevea è rimasta senza energia elettrica, compresi i tre alberghi che si sono organizzati con i generatori d'emergenza per salvare i cibi conservati nei freezer, come ci hanno segnalato alcuni nostri lettori. Scoperchiata dal forte vento anche una parte del tetto del condominio Bucaneve. Ferma pure la telecabina del Canin.
Hi, my name is Robert, and I have a Windows Phone.
Actually, rather than feel like I should be a member of Cell Phones Anonymous, I quite like the phone, a Nokia Lumia 928. It has flaws, but I think most phone operating systems have flaws. The most obvious in this case is that it lags iOS and Android in apps. ("Lag" being the polite term.) But there are still 300,000, and most of the major ones -- and my experience is that most people may have downloaded several dozens of apps, but have about six apps they especially love and use the bulk of the time. The thing is, too, with Windows Phones you can pin a website to your home screen, which in essence creates an otherwise missing app. (For instance, there's no app for the Dropbox cloud service, so instead I went to Dropbox.com and simply pinned the site to my home screen -- an instant Dropbox app was created. It's not remotely as elegant as an app created specifically for the phone, but a good, working substitute.)
What I mainly like about the Windows phone though has nothing to do with the things that interest most people -- like apps, email, text messaging, games and taking selfies. (And of course, er, making phone calls.) For me, what important is how wonderfully the Windows Phone platform integrates with my desktop Windows 8.1, and so I largely have access to all my important documents in perfect sync with my home computer -- Word files, OneNote notebooks, Office files, photos, Outlook email and such. It's like having my home computer in my pocket.
There are definitely some limitations, which basically occur from dealing with the first version of a new operating system. But this isn't about the Windows Phone 8 operating system. Instead, it gets us to the point here.
Microsoft announced an update to the O.S. a few months back, version 8.1. I've been waiting for Verizon to make it available -- and have waited and waited and...
My techno whiz friend Ed Bott, who writes a quite-remarkable column for ZDNet, began pushing me to download the "Developer's Preview" of the update, which is available to anyone for free. I was wary of installing what's a "beta" version of an operating system, but Ed insisted it was absolutely stable and almost identical to the final version. And so they kept pushing and pushing. And when Ed Bott says "this is stable and almost identical," you listen -- he's written about 25 books with Microsoft on how to use their software. So...he really, seriously knows their stuff.
And so I installed the update.
And it's wonderful. It took a very nice, solid, first version of an operating system, and made it a mature O.S. that holds its own now with the competition. Definitely not as good in many areas, just as good in most, and actually better in some. (I say this from my personal experience, but also reviews I've read that can do better "dig deep under the hood" comparisons than I'm able -- though I've tested all operating systems and have a tablet with Android, and even an iPod touch with iOS, so I can make fair comparisons.)
I want to be clear: none of this is to convince anyone to switch phone operating systems, or praise it above all others. I understand fully the impressive strengths of iOS and Android (and the weaknesses that exist). It's not even intended as a substantive look at the Windows Phone operating system. (For instance, I haven't even written about such existing features in the original O.S. as "Live Tiles," Microsoft's name for apps that provide active, constantly-changing information displayed directly on an icon, like news headlines, sports scores, temperature, and calendar appointments.) It's just meant to explain what the new update has for those who do use a Windows Phone - yet also present a more informative description of the operating system for others who've only heard it dismissed as so sparse it's not worthy of consideration, and in distant third place.
Windows Phone still, clearly, lags in the market. And its viability to overcome that remains to be seen. (Though it's actually quite popular in Europe.) But most especially with this new 8.1 update, anyone who thinks that Windows Phones are meager, paltry efforts...well, they aren't looking. Again, this is now a mature mobile operating system that competes seriously on a level playing field, even if it stands behind.
(And while it does stand behind more long-developed operating systems, if your interests are to use a phone for substantive matters beyond games, videos, texting, social media, and music, like as an adjunct for work, it arguably might even be a few steps ahead.)
Some of the improvements just bring Windows Phones up to what other devices have had for years -- but though that's nothing special, it eliminates the previously-existing gaps in those areas. And some of the improvements really are extremely nice and leaps forward. Nothing jumps out as a "killer app" phenomenon -- but nothing has to. A lot of little advances is plenty enough, bringing it up into the game.
For me personally, the two most usable features in the update are the Action Center and folders. And it was important that they be finally added. Both of these have existed in iOS and Android for a while, but they were critical lapses in Windows Phone. It's now great to be able -- finally -- to have a convenient drop-down list of mail and text notifications, and some Quick Links to launch regularly-used apps. And I've been yammering since Day One to have folders where you can put similar-themed apps in one location. Old news to other devices, absolutely, but oh-so welcome here at last.
The Windows Phone now has its version of a voice assistant, which is called Cortana, and though in beta it's gotten impressive reviews, some raves even. Among other things, you can set a reminder tied to a location. I tested the feature telling it, "Get milk when I'm at the grocery store," and it asked which store and brought up a list of nearby locations. The next day, I went on my morning walk, and when I got within 20 feet of the market I'd chosen, the milk reminder popped up. Cortana can also link a reminder to a person. Tell it, "The next time I talk to Chris, remind me to ask them about trains," and a reminder will pop up when either of you next call or text the other. If you have more than one "Chris" in your contacts, a list will open asking which one you mean. Also, Cortana has a Notebook area where you can set your interests, which allows it to provide better newsfeeds or other information applicable to you, include "Quiet Hours" when your phone won't ring and interrupt with texts -- but it can still be set so that your selected Inner Circle can get through, or let through a person if they call back a specific number of times within a few minutes, which suggests an emergency.
Also very useful is that the phone's Internet Explorer browser is now linked and synced with a user's Microsoft Account. That means all your Favorite Bookmarks from your desktop IE browser are available on your phone -- and further, any open tabs you were working on with your desktop browser will be open on your phone's browser, as well.
The keyboard now has a very impressive "swiping" capability, which they call Word Flow. You no longer have to peck away at single letters, but just swipe your finger across the keyboard. It does an amazing job at understanding what I'm typing, even if I've just touched the edges of letters, or even missed some on occasion. And it recognizes double letters -- you just swipe "conect" for "connect" and it gets it right. And when it's been wrong, other word options appear on a scroll bar for you to select the correct one. My typing has drastically speeded up.
The Calendar, which I do use a lot, has significantly changed, and it seems extremely good. In fact, several reviews I've read have called it the most full-featured calendar among the different OS's. Information is more easily accessible and color-coded, so details pop out. (It even adds the upcoming temperature for the days of the coming two weeks - quite unimportant, but a nice usability touch, especially if you're going out of town.) Oddly, it seems hard-coded to have the week start on Monday. Having one's weekend bunched together is nice, but some people might want the option of starting the week on Sunday. I suspect that will be editable at some point, but not now.
If one uses Skype (which I almost never do, though it's more appealing now), it's extremely well-integrated in the update, something one should expect since Microsoft owns Skype -- and you can now switch from a regular voice call to a Skype video call by just hitting one or two buttons. Facetime is definitely easier and smoother, but it requires that the other person have Facetimed. Skype is much more ubiquitous across all platforms.
There are a lot of other usability features, but (long as this is...) it isn't intended as a review, and the features would only really be of interest to people who use a Windows Phone. (Like being able to create a third column of Live Tiles, particularly good for large screen phones.)
And to be clear, as I said, this is not intended to say that Windows Phone is the Best Operating System of All. It isn't. It's likely still in third place. (It's still the new kid on the block, after all.) But the point is that with the 8.1 update, it's now an O.S. that lives very comfortably on the major league playing field.
Yet still, for me, what I most like about the update isn't the features at all especially, but rather how -- with this phone update and regular Windows 8.1 update -- my phone and home computer (and even a Windows tablet) are now all intricately intertwined, with (in many ways) almost the same operating system. And ultimately (and this is important), that's Microsoft's intention. In fact, the company is expected to begin testing a combined Windows Phone/Windows RT operating system in January, which seems the first step for basically one version of Windows on all its devices. There are rumors that, at some point soon, the company may actually drop the name Windows Phone from the operating system and just call it...Windows. (Yes, Windows Phones have rumors, too!!) For all the hits Windows 8 for PCs took initially from its change of focus, as users get more used to it (as has increasingly been the case when the hugely-improved Windows 8.1 was released), the intent to merge all these into the same, single operating system is becoming more clear.
And for me, that trumps the features -- to be able to use my phone not as an appendage or separate accessory, but as an intricately-linked extension of my home computer. Form follows function. The features will eventually follow, and to a great degree, already have.
Now, if someone can just get Verizon to make Windows 8.1 available for its customers already, you might find that this would be A Really Good Thing...
*
The Chicago Bears cut ties with Brian Urlacher yesterday. The Bears reportedly offered their longtime linebacker $2 million to play next season. Urlacher, 34, wanted $3.5 million. Their counter-offer was refused. Urlacher later said that they believed the Bears were never really that serious about keeping him. The former Defensive Player of the Year and five-time All-Pro was the face of the Bears defense—if not the entire franchise—for 13 years.
And yet their departure comes really as no surprise, especially these days in the NFL. The league is no place for sentimentality and nostalgia. While baseball allows its old hands to sometimes retire gracefully with their original team (see: Chipper Jones and the Atlanta Braves and, soon, Derek Jeter and Mariano Rivera and the New York Yankees), that rarely happens in the NFL. Once you are deemed old and expensive (the fate of all great players, in theory), you are usually gone.
Urlacher is not the only decorated vet who was jettisoned this off-season. Dwight Freeney, the 33 year-old defensive end for the Indianapolis Colts, is on the market, after 11 years as a stalwart with the team. James Harrison, the NFL's “bad guy,” was released by the Pittsburgh Steelers at age 34 after two Super Bowl wins, a Defensive Player of the Year award and perhaps the greatest single play in Super Bowl history. Ed Reed, the venerable, ball-hawking 34 year-old safety for the Baltimore Ravens, is signing with the Houston Texans. And Charles Woodson, the cornerback who began their career with the Oakland Raiders, but will always be remembered more for their seven-year tenure with the Green Bay Packers, is on the market.  They are 36 years old.
For fans, it can be tough to see players like these go. The NFL is such revolving door when it comes to players that we fans tend to get attached to those who are great and who stick around for a while. But these players are the ones who inevitably become the most vulnerable in the end. They are great, they get big contracts, then they get older, and their contracts no longer justify their play. None of the five players listed above are still in their playing primes. They may, individually, have a year or two of solid play left. But that's not enough to justify large or even medium-sized contracts from their home teams. This is primarily a function of the salary cap, which at $123 million this year, is basically flat when compared to last year. In baseball, the New York Yankees have the luxury of hanging on to old guys (see: Jeter, Rivera, Alex Rodriguez). That just doesn't happen in the NFL. Fans are allowed to feel some nostalgia. NFL front offices—at least the good ones—are not.
Expect more of the same next year. The NFL Players Association seems to think that the salary cap will go up significantly next year, mainly because of new TV money from contracts with CBS and NBC which, at $3 billion a year, will bring in an additional $1.1 billion to NFL coffers next year. But others disagree. Robert Kraft, the New England Patriots owner and a man who helped negotiate the latest collective bargaining agreement, says it will basically be flat. So does Dick Cass, the president of the Ravens. They are two men “in the know.”
Next year's biggest free agent class will have four big name players who could end up in the same boat as Urlacher, Reed, Freeney, Harrison and Woodson. Steelers safety, Troy Polamalu, will be 32. Jacksonville Jaguars running back, Maurice Jones-Drew, will be 28, which is getting close to the old side for running backs. Washington Redskins linebacker, London Fletcher, will be 38. Minnesota Vikings defensive end, Jared Allen, will be 31. Their teams will be faced with the same decision the Bears had with Urlacher, and they will likely choose the same course and make an offer they can refuse.
--
My football book: “4th AND GOAL: One Man's Quest to Recapture Their Dream.”
Follow me on Twitter.
M2 Competition's Brandon Maisano bagged their third victory of the Toyota Racing Series in race two at Taupo and moved up to runner-up in the standings.
The Frenchman was originally set to start the race in seventh, but moved up to reverse-grid pole after teammate Arjun Maini was stripped of race one victory.
Maisano made the most of the opportunity, leading every lap from the line to take the checkered flag.
ETEC's Thomas Randle looked dangerous in Maisano's mirrors early on but eventually faded as the race settled into a rhythm. As Santino Ferrucci ran in a lonely third, the prospective finishers were five seconds up the road from the rest coming into the final stint.
However, the race was then shaken up by a crash between squadmates Artem Markelov and James Munro in the fight for seventh, which ended up with the Russian upside-down and the red flag waved.
It was a while until the restart, which saw Maisano lead the pack once again. The Frenchman was nonplussed at losing their built-up advantage and had little trouble controlling the three remaining green-flag laps to record the win.
Ferrucci picked off Randle at the final lap to claim second, with the Aussie settling for their first podium since the Ruapuna opener.
Championship leader Lance Stroll stayed out of trouble to claim fourth, ahead of Stefan Riener and Sam MacLeod.
Mathias Kristensen was seventh, Damon Leitch finished as the top local in eighth, with Charlie Eastwood and Nikita Mazepin making up the top ten.
Maini, who was Stroll's main rival coming into the race despite the penalty earlier today, managed a sterling drive from 12th on the grid to be seventh at the final lap, only to be shuffled down to 14th at the checkered flag.
As such, the Indian is now down to fourth in the standings, passed by Maisano and Ferrucci.
The Frenchman is now closest to their long-time teammate Stroll, trailing them by 80 points with five races to go.
In a case that is prompting comparisons to the botched Operation Fast and Furious, police believe explosives found at a murder scene in Mexico may have come from an American bomb-maker whom the U.S. attorney in Arizona refused to prosecute.
According to an internal U.S. Department of Justice memo, a "Kingery grenade" was among the 10 explosives found at the scene of a shootout between police and drug cartels in Guadalajara on Oct. 10 in which three officers were killed.
The "Kingery grenade" refers to those manufactured by Jean Baptiste Kingery, a California resident who made grenades in Mexico from parts sourced in the U.S. They also converted AK-47s from semi- to fully-automatic weapons.
ATF agents arrested Kingery in 2010, but the assistant U.S. attorney in Arizona at the time, Emory Hurley, referred to the grenades as harmless toys and told the ATF the case "lacked jury appeal," according to the ATF supervisor in charge, Pete Forcelli. Forcelli had handled the case until the U.S. attorney declined to prosecute.
Rep. Darrell Issa, R-Calif., compared the situation to Fast and Furious, in which U.S. officials let weapons "walk" across the U.S.-Mexico border; weapons from the program were later found at the murder scene of Border Patrol agent Brian Terry.
"These aren't the only deaths that undoubtedly will come from weapons being allowed to walk and an individual allowed to escape justice for more than 18 months after they were in our hands and released," Issa said.
Kingery continued making some 2,000 bombs for the cartels until Mexican federal police raided their Sonora factory in 2011. Such grenades have been used in cartel attacks in public streets, bars and nightclubs.
Today, Kingery remains in a Mexican jail held on terrorism charges.
The Department of Justice's inspector general is currently investigating a claim that the DOJ retaliated against Forcelli for having been a whistleblower in Fast and Furious. A DOJ spokesperson had attempted to undermine Forcelli's credibility by telling reporters that Forcelli "walked grenades" in the Kingery case while complaining that others "walked guns" in Fast and Furious.
Issa, who is chairperson of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, believes Kingery was permitted to continue to build grenades and export weapons as a way to justify limiting weapons sales in the southwest.
"When you have the attorney general's own offices being informed about a very dangerous person exporting hand grenades and converting AK-47s into machine guns and they let them continue as part of not, Fast and Furious, but a completely separate failure, I think what you see is an administration that I'm beginning to think really did want to let bad things happen in hopes they would get [an] assault weapons ban. The dots are being connected more and more to these kinds of actions."
The U.S. attorney's office now overseeing this case did not comment. A Justice Department official told Fox News that they assisted in the investigation and operation to catch Kingery.
Photo: Shutterstock
In the summer of 2015, two men from New York were charged with online child pornography crimes. The site the men allegedly visited was a Tor hidden service, which supposedly would protect the identity of its users and server location. What made the case stand out was that the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) had used a hacking tool to identify the IP addresses of the individuals.
The case received some media attention, and snippets of information about other, related arrests started to spring up as the year went on. But only now is the true extent of the FBI's bulk hacking campaign coming to light.
In order to fight what it has called one of the largest child pornography sites on the dark web, the FBI hacked over a thousand computers, according to court documents reviewed by Motherboard and interviews with legal parties involved.
"This kind of operation is simply unprecedented," Christopher Soghoian, principal technologist at the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU), told Motherboard in a phone interview.
A new bulletin board site on the dark web was launched in August 2014, on which users could sign up and then upload whatever images they wanted. According to court documents, the site's primary purpose was "the advertisement and distribution of child pornography." Documents in another case would later confirm that the site was called "Playpen."
Just a month after launch, Playpen had nearly 60,000 member accounts. By the following year, this number had ballooned to almost 215,000, with over 117,000 total posts, and an average of 11,000 unique visitors each week. Many of those posts, according to FBI testimony, contained some of the most extreme child abuse imagery one could imagine, and others included advice on how sexual abusers could avoid detection online.
An FBI complaint described the site as "the largest remaining known child pornography hidden service in the world."
A section of one of the complaints involved in the Playpen investigation, showing that 1300 true IP addresses were obtained.
A month before this peak, in February 2015, the computer server running Playpen was seized by law enforcement from a web host in Lenoir, North Carolina, according to a complaint filed against Peter Ferrell, one of the accused in New York. (Data hosts in Lenoir contacted by Motherboard declined to comment. One of them, CentriLogic, wrote "We have no comment on the matter referenced by you. Our obligations to customers and law enforcement preclude us from responding to your inquiry.")
But after Playpen was seized, it wasn't immediately closed down, unlike previous dark web sites that have been shuttered by law enforcement. Instead, the FBI ran Playpen from its own servers in Newington, Virginia, from February 20 to March 4, reads a complaint filed against a defendant in Utah. During this time, the FBI deployed what is known as a network investigative technique (NIT), the agency's term for a hacking tool.
"There will probably be an escalating stream of these [cases] in the next six months or so"
While Playpen was being run out of a server in Virginia, and the hacking tool was infecting targets, "approximately 1300 true internet protocol (IP) addresses were identified during this time," according to the same complaint.
The legal counsel for one of the accused believes that the number of eventual cases may even be slightly higher.
"Fifteen-hundred or so of these cases are going to end up getting filed out of the same, underlying investigation," Colin Fieman, a federal public defender handling several of the related cases, told Motherboard in a phone interview. Fieman, who is representing Jay Michaud, a Vancouver teacher arrested in July 2015, said their estimate comes from what "we've seen in terms of the discovery."
"There will probably be an escalating stream of these [cases] in the next six months or so," Fieman added. "There is going to be a lot in the pipeline."
Fieman has three cases pending in their defenders office, they said. According to court documents, charges have also been filed against defendants in Connecticut, Massachusetts, Illinois, New York, New Jersey, Florida, Utah, and Wisconsin.
In court filings, Fieman describes the use of this broad NIT as an "extraordinary expansion of government surveillance and its use of illegal search methods on a massive scale."
NITs come in all sorts of different forms, and have been used since at least 2002. Malware has been delivered to bomb threat suspects via phishing emails, and the FBI has also taken over hosting services and surreptitiously exploited a known bug in Firefox to identify users connecting with the Tor Browser Bundle.
In 2011, "Operation Torpedo" was launched, which saw the agency place an NIT on the servers of three different hidden services hosting child pornography, which would then target anyone who happened to access them. The NIT used a Flash application that would ping a user's real IP address back to an FBI controlled server, rather than routing their traffic through the Tor network and protecting their identity.
When WIRED reported on that operation in 2014, "over a dozen alleged users of Tor-based child porn sites" were headed for trial. And within a two-week period, the FBI reportedly collected IP addresses for at least 25 of the site's US visitors.
But the case of Playpen appears to be much, much broader in scope.
A section of an affidavit in support of application for a search warrant, as part of the Playpen case, showing what sort of data the NIT sent to the FBI.
"We're not talking about searching one or two computers. We're talking about the government hacking thousands of computers, pursuant to a single warrant," said Soghoian, the ACLU technologist.
With earlier cases, the FBI's broad NIT attacks had used already known and patched vulnerabilities. But because the Tor Browser Bundle had no auto-update mechanism in August 2013—around the time of one of the FBI's attacks—only those users who bothered or remembered to patch their systems were safe. Evidentially, some people forgot.
The same might be true of the Playpen NIT: automatic updates to the Tor Browser Bundle were introduced in August 2015, months after the FBI had already obtained over a thousand IP addresses.
"There is no public information revealing whether or not the FBI used a zero-day in this case, or an exploit that targeted a known flaw," Soghoian said.
It's not totally clear exactly how it was deployed, but the warrant allowed for anyone who logged into the site to be hacked.
Some clues about the Playpen NIT exist however. The NIT is likely different to the one used in Operation Torpedo because according to court filings that one is "no longer in use." As for how the Playpen NIT operates, it's not totally clear exactly how it was deployed, but the warrant allowed for anyone who logged into the site to be hacked.
"Basically, if you visited the homepage, and started to sign up for a membership, or started to log in, the warrant authorised deployment of the NIT," Fieman said. From here, the NIT would send a target's IP address, a unique identifier generated by the NIT, the operating system running on the computer and its architecture, information about whether the NIT had already been deployed to the same computer, the computer's Host Name, operating system username, and the computer's MAC address.
Experts say that the true nature of NITs—that is, as powerful hacking tools—is kept from judges when law enforcement ask for authorisation to deploy them.
"Although the application for the NIT in this case isn't public, applications for NITs in other cases are," said Soghoian. "Time and time again, we have seen the Department of Justice is very vague in the application they're filing. They don't make it clear to judges what they're actually seeking to do. They don't talk about exploiting browser flaws, they don't use the word 'hack.'"
"And even if judges know what they're authorizing, there remain serious questions about whether judges can lawfully approve hacking at such scale," Soghoian added.
Magistrate Judge Theresa C. Buchanan in the Eastern District of Virginia, who signed the warrant used for the NIT, did not respond to questions on whether they understood that the warrant would grant the power to hack anyone who signed up to Playpen, or whether they consulted technical experts before signing it, and their office said not to expect a reply.
But Fieman said that the warrant "effectively authorizes an unlimited number of searches, against unidentified targets, anywhere in the world."
While Soghoian warned about what this scale of hacking may signal for the future of policing. "This is a scary new frontier of surveillance, and we should not be heading in this direction without public debate, and without Congress carefully evaluating whether this kind of techniques should be used by law enforcement," they said.
"We are not able to comment on ongoing investigations, or describe the use of specific investigative techniques," a spokesperson for the FBI told Motherboard.
Plenty of questions remain about this law enforcement hacking operation, such as the exact wording used in the authorisation for the NIT, the technical aspects of the NIT itself, and how many computers were targeted outside of the United States.
The UK's National Crime Agency (NCA), which often receives intelligence from the FBI, told Motherboard in a statement that "The NCA does not routinely confirm or deny the receipt of specific intelligence for reasons of operational security. We work closely with international partners both in law enforcement and industry to share intelligence and work collaboratively to bring those involved in the sexual exploitation of children to account." Europol, Europe's law enforcement agency, did not respond to a request for comment.
Regardless, in taking down one of the biggest dark web child pornography sites, the FBI also engaged in likely the largest law enforcement hacking campaign to date.
RELIGIOUS discrimination around the world is well documented, but the International Humanist and Ethical Union (IHEU) says non-religious people still face “grave” prejudice in many nations – and “systematic” disadvantage in Scotland.
Released today, its Freedom of Thought Report covers countries around the world, rating them on constitution and governance, freedom of expression, family rights, courts and education.
And according to the research, just eight nations can be considered “free and equal” for humanists, atheists and other “non-believers” – Taiwan, Estonia, Kosovo, Belgium, Fiji, Kiribati, Nauru and the Netherlands.
The study also claims persecution has escalated in the past year and calls for the rights of the non-religious to be upheld.
TELL ME MORE
ACCORDING to a major 2012 survey, 23 per cent of the world's population worships no religion, while 13 per cent identify as atheists.
The poll, by WIN-Gallup International, found the practice of religion had dropped by nine per cent between 2005-12, with atheism up three per cent over the same period.
Declines in religion were found to correlate with rises in education and personal income.
However, in some countries it is against the law to be an atheist and in others, leaving the state religion is not permitted.
Apostasy is punishable by death in 12 states and by other means in seven others, while blasphemy laws remain in numerous statute books.
The report states: “Freedom of religion or belief requires equal and just treatment of all people irrespective of their beliefs.
“But when states start to define citizens not by their humanity but by their membership of a religious group, discrimination automatically follows.
“For example, in Lebanon the entire system of government is based on sectarian quotas, with different rights and roles available to Sunni Muslims, Shiite Muslim and Maronite Christians, etc.
“This practice not only codifies and encourages religious discrimination but it also discourages people from leaving the religion of their birth, because they will lose all the state privileges that come with belonging to that religion.”
HOW DO COUNTRIES COMPARE?
THE IHEU – to which 14,000-member Humanist Society Scotland (HSS) belongs – found cause for concern across regions and continents, with human rights violations and discrimination documented in various ways affecting both public and private life.
In tourist haven the Maldives, the administrators of atheist Facebook pages were publicly identified, kidnapped by a gang of 40 people and compelled to recant and give up the passwords to their accounts.
Anti-atheist Facebook pages have forced many secular Maldivians offline throughout 2015.
Egyptian student Sherif Gaber was sentenced to one year's hard labour in February for “contempt of religion” after declaring their atheism on social media and for promoting “debauchery” after challenging a lecturer who called for gay people to be killed in the streets.
Bail was set pending an appeal but they fled and is currently in hiding.
Meanwhile, 99 convictions for blasphemy were recorded in Malta from January-September 2012 and non-religious defendants in court cases are “likely to abstain” from asking to take a secular oath instead of searing on a crucifix for fear of “negative bias”.
HOW IS SCOTLAND RATED?
THE country is criticised for affording “religiously privileged position” to three faith representatives required on all local education committees by law.
Post-holders must include at least one Roman Catholic and one Church of Scotland representative, but non-religious people are excluded, even though almost one in two Scots say they do not have a faith.
Speaking at the launch of the report in Brussels, Gordon MacRae, HSS chief executive, said they anticipate the call for tolerance to attract major criticism at home and abroad.
However, they said: “Despite this clear evidence of systematic discrimination against humanists and non-religious people here in Scotland and the UK, and the much more troubling targeted persecution of our colleagues abroad, we will no doubt hear the usual tired tropes about ‘militant atheists' and ‘aggressive secularists'.
“I hope this report gives our detractors pause for thought, and shows the need for a renewed commitment to protecting international human rights laws, in particular the rights to freedom of thought and expression,” McRae added.
Like a lot of cities, post-Olympics Atlanta is a graveyard of big ideas.
Remember downtown's Green Line Development Plan? Underground Atlanta's glistening casino? The Streets of Buckhead? RitaWorld Pearl Kingdom?
Lately, however, the tides have been changing, and city-altering proposals have actually been materializing. See Ponce City Market, the Beltline, the Shops Buckhead Atlanta, a massive space-age origami for football, and so forth.
And if recent (or reinvigorated) proposals are any indication, as the saying goes, Atlanta might not have seen nothin' yet.
It's time to put the question to Atlantans themselves and see which mega-project the city needs most right now. It's poll time!
For the purposes of this poll, we'll keep options limited to projects for which renderings have been unveiled (sorry, Gulch redevelopment).
The nine contestants are ...
(Follow hyperlinks for more information on each proposal)
...
The City of Atlanta is now officially seeking proposals to build the granddaddy of all city parks—a 300-acre, Beltline-connected greenspace called Westside Reservoir Park.
...
Imagine if the Beltline's Eastside Trail connected with the almost-opened Westside Trail. This would do the trick. But officials have recently said the ribbon-cutting is still years away.
...
Buckhead REALLY wants to fashion a world-class, nine-acre park above the highway that gashes the neighborhood, and the permitting phase to begin doing so could launch in January, officials said last week.
...
German developer Newport (backed by a Ponce City Market vet) has huge plans for eight tired blocks south of Underground Atlanta.
...
This highway-capping greenspace would activate downtown's Connector like never before.
...
While the task of redeveloping the area surrounding Turner Field will take years, a commercial district (below) is being forged now from abandoned buildings.
...
Underground has officially sold, and the wheels are turning on its redevelopment as we speak.
...
Under construction now, this water-capturing greenspace is like Historic Fourth Ward Park, on the flipside of town.
...
Hell—why not?
...
Without further ado, let's vote!
A mother has branded a picture of Perez Hilton showering with their two-year-old son as 'triggering' to victims of sexual abuse.
Mother-of-one Sonia Poulton claimed they were ignorant to post the picture showing their child in the shower because paedophiles can view it during a debate on ITV's This Morning.
They blasted the celebrity blogger for posting the image because they argued 'who asked the child' for permission.
Scroll down for video
Journalist Martin Daubney and Sonia Poulton debate Perez Hilton shower photograph on This Morning
Journalist and mum of one Sonia Poulton, left, argued celebrity blogger Perez Hilton shouldn't have posted the showertime snap
Journalist Sonia said: 'The last four years I have been talking to survivors of sexual abuse and they talk about this kind of pictures online and how they trigger them.'
They claimed as society has become more aware of paedophiles it is 'ignorant' to post such a picture.
They said: 'The thing everybody's overlooking here is who asked the child. Pictures are on the internet forever and no one asked permission of the child.'
Host Philip Schofield accused them of being 'hysterical' in a debate with journalist and father Martin Daubney and agony aunt Denise Robertson, and said the picture only shows the child's head.
Perez sparked an online backlash after sharing a snap of themselves and their two-year-old son in the shower together.
The celebrity blogger, whose real name is Mario Lavandeira, posted the picture - where both they and Mario are grinning widely - on Instagram yesterday.
Sonia claimed the image was ignorant of paedophiles who will be able to view the image online
Hosts Philip Schofield and Holly Willoughby debated the issue with father Martin Daubney, mother Sonia Poulton and agony aunt Denise Robertson
Alongside the snap, they wrote: ‘Our family motto is: #fun! We try and incorporate fun into as much of the everyday things we do! #Bathtime.'
And it didn't take very long for others on social media to react strongly with comments suggesting the scenario is ‘kinda creepy' and ‘odd'.
Perez replied to one comment, saying: ‘I had my bathing suit on, and I didn't feel the need to clarify that in the caption.'
Dad-of-two Martin said showering with your child is natural for a parent.
They said of the Instagram image: 'There's no nudity on display.
'It's a natural part of being a parent and to be in the shower having that sort of intimacy is a natural thing and it's a part of growing up together.
'We can use this time I think as educational. We can talk about different bits boys and girls have and to have these beginnings of conversations about making them safe about what's appropriate to touch.
Martin felt it was normal for a dad and son to be bonding in this way and said the image didn't show the child naked
Denise Robertson, right, said the photo was innocuous and was 'lovely' for Perez to spend quality time with their son
Sonia disagreed with the picture being posted online because noone asked the child's permission and Denise said discussion about what should be posted online was Perez doing people 'a favour'
'This should be a positive thing moving forward and the hysterical reaction is frankly depressing.'
Sonia argued it was the fact the picture was posted online which troubled them
They said: 'For me it's not the photo, as a mother myself I bathe with my daughter regularly and plan to show their boyfriend those photos at some stage in the future to embarrass them as we've all done as parents.
'But it's the putting it online.'
And we cannot deny the change. 'We have to think about the environment we're living in. In the last four years we have become acutely aware of the issues of paedophiles in the environment and we cannot deny the change.
'[The picture] is not right, it's completely wrong and it displays a level of ignorance.'
But Martin disagreed and said: 'It's not our business to tell Perez Hilton how to parent.
'Every single aspect of what is a horrendous crime now infiltrates every corner of our ordinary lives.
Perez, with their son Mario and daughter Mario, said they would rather shower with their son than leave them unattended
'Particularly with fathers, fathers are viewed with suspicion that runs into primary schools, into the boy scouts, everywhere.'
Denise Robertson called the picture 'totally innocuous.'
They said: It's lovely that he's doing that with their child and I don't see anything in that picture that could offend any reasonable human being.
'But I do take the point that we now have a situation in which people are masturbating over pictures of children on the internet.
'If this brings forward a sensible conversation about how we handle this [posting online], he'll have done us a favour.
Twitter users posting about the show agreed with Philip's view that people have to alter their lives 'because some freak might get turned on.'
One wrote: 'Absolutely nothing wrong with it, agree with Philip.'
Twitter users saw 'nothing wrong' with the picture and one couldn't understand why people were upset
One wrote that it was a 'boy's head on show' and did not agree with Sonia's views
Another posted that Sonia probably gets 'hysterical' over buying cous cous
One Twitter user said Sonia 'was born in an ere where kids shared baths'
Another posted that Sonia had a narrow mind and was clearly 'born in an era when kids shared baths.'
Another said: 'I bet they get hysterical in Sainsbury's when there's no organic cous cous on the shelves.'
While another wrote it was just a 'boy's head on show' and they should 'grow up.'
Perez faced backlash on Instagram after posting the picture.
They told DailyMail.com: 'Everyone does what they see fit as a parent. Personally, I enjoy putting on my swim trunks and taking a shower with my son as often as possible.
'I'd rather do that than leave them unattended, which will not happen until he's older and I'm confident they can be safe alone.'
Mario, who was conceived using an egg donor and a surrogate mother, is Hilton's eldest child.
Ladies and gentlemen:I present to you the Prospect park's Painted Bunting. Posted by Gus Keri on Sunday, November 29, 2015
A creature known as 'the most beautiful bird in North America' has been spotted in New York City's Prospect Park.
The New York Post reports that a mature male painted bunting (Passerina ciris) has been spotted numerous times in the park since Saturday. Over the past several days, hundreds of birdwatchers have flocked to Brooklyn in search of the animal, which is not usually seen that far north:
In France, the ravishing bird is known as the "nonpareil," which translates roughly to "without equal."
According to AllAboutBirds, "painted buntings are medium-sized finches with stubby, thick, seed-eating bills." The birds are known for their flashy, multi-colored plumage. While females and juveniles are identified by their yellow and green feathers, mature males (such as the one spotted in Brooklyn) sport striking blue, green and red coloration.
Found throughout Central America, the Caribbean and the southeastern United States, the painted bunting is classified as Near Threatened by the IUCN. In recent decades, a slight population decline has been attributed primarily to habitat destruction and urban development.
A gunman in Tennessee who opened fire on Thursday was targeting white people and police after becoming angry at recent confrontations between cops and African Americans, officers say.
Lakeen Keon Scott, 37, killed 44-year-old postal worker and mother-of-two Jennifer Rooney, and wounded police officer Matthew Cousins, hotel worker Deborah Watts and passerby David Whitman Davis during an attack at 2am in the town of Bristol.
Now agents with the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation say Scott 'may have targeted people and officers' because of racially charged police incidents across the country, later adding that all of the victims are white.
Scroll down for video
Lakeen Keon Scott, 37, who opened fire on Thursday morning in Bristol, Tennessee, killing a postal worker and injuring three others was targeting white people and police, investigators say
Jennifer Rooney (far left and right), a 44-year-old postal worker and mother-of-two, was hit and killed as they drove past the scene, while hotel worker Deborah Watts and passerby David Whitman Davis were also hurt
Scott's attack came just hours before the fatal shooting of five police officers in Dallas on Thursday night in the deadliest day for law enforcement since 9/11.
Gunman Micah Xavier Johnson told hostage negotiators that they were 'angry at white people' and had targeted them during their rampage, and 'especially white officers'.
Officer Matthew Cousins was shot in the leg after they responded to the scene and came under fire from Scott, who was eventually wounded and captured
Meanwhile, police say officers have also been targeted in Georgia and Missouri after the high profile shootings of Alton Sterling and Philando Castile, two black men, earlier this week.
Agents in Tennessee say Scott carried out their attack with an assault rifle, a pistol and a large amount of ammunition, firing thought the windows of a Days Inn hotel.
The front desk clerk, Deborah Watts, was struck and injured and is now in hospital in a serious but stable condition.
Days Inn owner Kiran Patel said they awoke to the sound of gunfire. Their wife called the front desk to see what happened, Watts answered and said she'd been shot.
Newspaper carrier Jennifer Rooney, a 44-year-old mother of two, was driving on their way to pick up papers for the morning delivery when a bullet struck them
The Bristol Herald-Courier reported that their car careened over a median and crashed through a chain link fence.
David Whitman Davis was also injured by flying glass from the gunfire, the TBI said.
Three officers with the Bristol Tennessee Police Department arrived and confronted Scott, who fired on them, hitting officer Matthew Cousins in the leg.
Cousins was treated for superficial injuries and later released. Scott was stuck by officers and remains in the hospital in serious but stable condition.
The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation said the investigation is ongoing as they work to understand the shooter's motive.
Scott carried out their attack after becoming enraged at several racially charged police incidents in America, investigators have revealed
Scott engaged police with an assault-style weapon, a handgun and multiple extra rounds of ammunition before being shot, and is now in hospital in serious but stable condition
Police say Scott fired several rounds into a Days Inn hotel (pictured), hitting front desk worker Deborah Watts, before turning their weapon on passing traffic
The shootings are part of a spate of attacks on officers across the U.S.
In south Georgia, police said one officer was ambushed Friday when they came to an apartment complex to investigate a report of a break-in.
Once I started playing with the idea of making salaries at Lunar Logic transparent, the question that popped up almost instantly was: when? Well, one thing that I should probably start with was to ask whether we want to do that at all.
If I simply ask the latter out of the blue I would likely get mostly negative feedback. This is a huge change and one that may make people uncomfortable.
The answer for “when” question would thus likely be “whenever we are ready.”
I started with sharing with everyone that there is an idea to go transparent with salaries at some point in the future. I got some early feedback on that, including concerns on what would happen once we have open salaries.
This gave me confirmation that transparency alone is not enough and there has to be an accompanying mechanism that allows people to influence how salaries are set.
Then there was a question of how fair we were with salaries at that moment. Well, from my perspective it was fairly fine of course. However, the moment of making salaries open to everyone would mean that we are suddenly taking into consideration everyone's opinion, and not only mine.
I asked a few people at the company to prepare their abstract salary list. They could use whatever reference point they wanted, either they own salary or just a completely abstract number, like 100. Then they were supposed to relatively set other employees on the scale. I wasn't very strict with that. “No opinion” was a perfect option, as well as an incomplete list or partial information, if someone decided to use a whole set of factors.
I gave that task to a few people in different roles and of different characters to get a possibly broad set of data. They were working individually.
The outcome was some sort of abstract, and partial, verification how my views on salaries differ from opinions of others.
One result of that was my further work on flattening the salary scale – a process that was in place for some time already. There were a couple of cases when I realized that someone should have gotten a raise already and fixed that too.
Concurrently more and more informal chats around the idea were happening. Given a well-thought approach to the process, more and more people were buying into the idea. At some point, I felt that majority of us were supporting the idea.
The last missing bit was figuring out how the change to transparent salaries would happen and what will be the mechanism of influencing salaries from that point on. On one hand, this part wasn't easy. On the other, stories from companies that are already doing that are available. A few examples that come to my mind would be: Buffer, Semco, and a few case studies covered in Reinventing Organizations.
I used these stories more as an inspiration than a recipe. Eventually, I ended up with an idea that was ready to put under the scrutiny of the whole team.
We were ready.
By the way, if you are interested, the whole preparation process took 9-10 months.
photo: Dave Chappelle @ Knit last month (by Ray Kump, via Knit Twitter)
Dave Chappelle will be playing five shows over four nights at Gramercy Theatre on February 12, 14, 15 and 16 (two shows on the 16th). Tickets go on sale at 5 PM today (2/10), and the schedule looks like this:
Show Date: Thursday, February 12th
Doors: 10:00 PM
Showtime: 11:00 PM Show Date: Saturday, February 14th (late Friday / early Saturday)
Doors: 1:00 AM
Showtime: 1:30 AM Show Date: Sunday, February 15th (late Saturday / early Sunday)
Doors: 12:00 AM
Showtime: 12:30 AM Show Date: Monday, February 16th
Doors: 7:00 PM
Showtime: 8:00 PM Show Date: Monday, February 16th
Doors: 10:00 PM
Showtime: 10:30 PM
These shows are significantly smaller than their last multi-night NYC run which was at Radio City, though they're not as small as the surprise show they did at Knitting Factory on January 18. That Knit show was during what up until recently was Hannibal Buress‘s weekly free show at the Brooklyn venue. But as the NY Times points out in a big article today, Hannibal has evolved “From Cult Star to Showman.”  They are busy playing headline shows at BAM, touring and being a cast member on Comedy Central's Broad City, and so Knitting Factory comedy shows go on without him.
New regulars Will Miles, Clark Jones and Kenny DeForest keep Comedy Night at The Knit alive every Sunday though. Maybe Hannibal will be a special guest at their own old show one of these days too. You never know when Chappelle might pop in again either.
Photo: Warner Bros.
This post contains massive spoilers about Interstellar. Read no further if you have not seen the film.
In the 2012 documentary Side by Side, which examines the shift from celluloid to digital filmmaking, Christopher Nolan, of all the directors interviewed, is the staunchest in their pro-celluloid stance. “A transition starts with people offering a new choice,” they say, “but it finishes with taking the old choice away.”
That sentiment resounds in Nolan's Interstellar, which is also concerned with a transition, from a dying Earth to a new planet. Michael Caine's Professor Brand has two plans for saving humanity. In Plan A, Brand will solve an equation that will allow them to transport Earth's population through a wormhole. In Plan B, everyone on Earth will die but the species will survive embryonically and start a colony on a new world. In an echo of what Nolan says about film technology, Plan A is eventually revealed as a false option.
That Interstellar is a film about film hasn't gone unnoticed. Watching a movie projected from fat chunks of celluloid, you can't really miss the double meaning in Professor Brand's quotation of Dylan Thomas: “Rage, rage against the dying of the light.” The death of film has also clearly been on Nolan's mind. Not only has they used their box-office clout to bring back celluloid on a substantial scale, but Interstellar's website also offers an accessible breakdown of the different analog and digital formats, publicizing differences in quality that many moviegoers didn't notice as theaters quietly converted to digital projection.
Nolan's format of choice is 70mm IMAX, formerly known as just plain IMAX, before IMAX launched an unrelated digital-projection technology in 2008. But the movie also plays smoothly and beautifully in five-perforation 70mm, which Paul Thomas Anderson used for The Master. It's perhaps no coincidence that both 70mm formats made their marks at the height of the space age, a pivotal period in the backstory of the film. The majority of 70mm films were produced between the mid-'50s and the early '70s. IMAX made its debut at the 1967 world's fair in Montreal.
In Interstellar, the achievements of this era have been suppressed. Murph's teacher (Collette Wolfe) complains that Murph (Mackenzie Foy and later Jessica Chastain) is using the old “federal textbooks,” which have been replaced, to read about NASA and the “useless machines” of the space race. They say it's important to leave the “excess and wastefulness of the 20th century” behind. (Digital projection, a technology that purported to be less wasteful than celluloid, began its rollout around 1999.)
Interstellar is, in both form and content, a passionate celebration of “useless machines.” The narrative emphasizes analog communication through binary pings, Morse code, and the second hand of a watch. TARS's readouts look like PET computer text. The Endurance resembles a giant sprocket. When Cooper (Matthew McConaughey) makes an emergency docking, they must put two ships in precise rotational synchronization — the kind of issue that might be familiar to an old-time projectionist.
While the story doesn't posit a 1-to-1 parallel between the survival of celluloid and the survival of the species, there is the legitimate possibility that, as labs close and we're left with the shorter lifespans of digital-storage formats, we'll be forced to leave large swaths of cinema history behind. (As Nolan notes in Side by Side, “There are no archival formats worth anything in the digital realm.”) Professor Brand says that Murph's generation will be the last to survive on Earth. In the lingo of a film production workflow, the term generation refers to a successive stage of printing.
Movies, of course, have always been a form of time travel: We age, but screen characters do not. Interstellar even takes us on a sort of tour of the medium's post-silent-era history, showcasing the way we've filmed the past (in its Dorothea Lange Depression sequences) and the future (in its numerous allusions to 2001: A Space Odyssey). In one sequence, Cooper even turns into a filmgoer of sorts: They cry, with light flickering on their face, watching transmissions that have accrued over the previous 23 years. Fortunately, the clips are well preserved.
In the climactic sequence, the best evidence that Interstellar is a kind of allegory about celluloid, Cooper enters the tesseract and sees time rendered as a physical dimension, something they can manipulate and move backward and forward. The visual design — with bands of moving light, boxy windows that allow Cooper to see in the past, and vertical lines that look quite a bit like celluloid scratch marks — strongly evokes a film strip in motion.
Seen with analog projection, Interstellar plays like celluloid's last stand: the Lazarus-like resurrection of a medium written off for dead.
A few weeks ago, "Rude" by the band Magic! managed to unseat Iggy Azalea's "Fancy" as the #1 song in the United States. While most songs of the summer have a honeymoon period before they face mass eye-rolling, "Rude" seems to have skipped right to divorce court. Slatescolded the entire country: "America, we need to talk about our taste in reggae music." But no criticism has been quite as cutting as Jia Tolentino's. In a screed titled "Why I Have to Be So Rude" on The Hairpin, they wrote:
Rude is a reggae song the way a gas station taquito is a formal expression of Mexican cuisine. It's a pop object with no content and only as much form as is necessary to deliver brief chemical gratification.
The song's plotline isn't doing it any favors: the singer begs their girlfriend's father for their hand in marriage without ever asking the bride herself. But Tolentino's biggest problem with "Rude" is its lack of irony. "The great thing about pop music is that it's not self-serious. It's conscious of itself as a performance, and it's fun," they say. "'Rude' violates all three of those tenets." Case in point: the band's lazy and clich-ridden music video plucked straight out of the late 90s. In a bad way.
Yet even Tolentino has to admit that "Rude" has a highly infectious melody. Magic!'s frontman,Nasri, has been a one-man, one-name hit factory, writing hugely successful songs for Pitbull, Justin Bieber, Shakira, and others. Tolentino sees that as part of the problem. They suggest that Nasri's ability to adapt to different pop stars' styles has left their own songwriting soul hollow. "If the thing that makes you famous isn't the thing you care about most deeply, there's nothing behind it."
NEW YORK (Reuters) - The most startling part of Washington's sanctions on Russian business people loyal to President Vladimir Putin may be a single sentence that contains an explosive allegation: that Putin themselves profits from the world's No. 4 oil trading company, Gunvor.
Russia's President Vladimir Putin attends a meeting with members of the government at the Novo-Ogaryovo state residence outside Moscow, March 19, 2014. REUTERS/Alexei Druzhinin/RIA Novosti/Kremlin
Among the people the United States sanctioned on Thursday as part of its drive to put pressure on Russia for its intervention in Ukraine was business person Gennady Timchenko, a long-time acquaintance of Putin and, until this week, co-owner of Geneva-based Gunvor, which trades nearly 3 percent of the world's oil.
In announcing the sanctions, the Treasury Department went a step further, adding a single sentence that hits squarely at one of the most controversial topics that Putin has faced in 13 years as the Kremlin ruler and head of the government.
"Timchenko activities in the energy sector have been directly linked to Putin. Putin has investments in Gunvor and may have access to Gunvor funds," the statement said. (Treasury announcement: r.reuters.com/baq77v)
The U.S. Treasury Department declined further comment on what information it has about Putin's investments in Gunvor and how exactly they could have access to Gunvor's funds.
It provoked a quick and furious response. Gunvor said the statement was “outrageous” and “blatantly false.”
“Gunvor categorically denies that Vladimir Putin has or has ever had any ownership or that they are a beneficiary of our business directly or indirectly,” Gunvor said.
Gunvor has repeatedly said that Timchenko and Chief Executive Officer Torbjorn Tornqvist had equal stakes each of around 45 percent and the remaining 10 percent was owned by the staff.
Timchenko has repeatedly denied that Putin helped them create their vast business empire, yet because of their long and close relationship with Putin speculation has persisted.
Putin's spokesperson Dmitry Peskov called the sanctions “unacceptable” and said the Kremlin was studying the impact of the inclusion of Timchenko on the list.
They did not comment on the allegations that Putin has investments in Gunvor.
Later in the day a Treasury official clarified that Timchenko's designation would not affect Gunvor since Timchenko owned less than 50 percent.
At the same time, Gunvor announced that Timchenko had sold their share to Tornqvist on Wednesday, a day earlier. Tornqvist now owns 87 percent, while 13 percent belongs to the employees.
Still, the growing concern among analysts is that the accusation, and the direct blow at Putin's closest allies, may provoke an even more dramatic response from Moscow - potentially even using its vast energy supplies as a weapon against the West.
Putin said this month they believed the West “crossed the line” in Ukraine after leaked audio recordings have shown U.S. diplomats discussing how to oust Kremlin-backed Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovich and which pro-Western politicians should form the new government.
Russia responded on Thursday by sanctioning several U.S. politicians but analysts said more will likely follow after U.S. accusations about Putin's personal enrichment.
“We expect asymmetrical moves by Moscow in coming days,” said think-tank and risk consultants Eurasia group. “These could be in the security area (suspending an arms control agreement) or they could involve measures against U.S. business.”
Russia supplies a third of Europe's gas and between a fifth and a fourth of its oil.
It has previously twice suspended gas supplies to Ukraine and Europe following pricing spats with Kiev.
DENIALS
The wording of the statement goes far beyond anything that has been said previously about Putin. They have faced accusations for years, typically from political opponents, that they helped Timchenko create the Gunvor empire.
None have ever provided any evidence, and no media outlets have ever reported any proof of ownership interests in Gunvor.
Putin worked in the mayor's office in the early 1990s when Timchenko and their friends, Putin said, spun off an oil trading unit of the Kirishi oil refinery.
Gunvor grew spectacularly since then with a turnover of $93 billion in 2012 compared with $5 billion in 2004. It traded large volumes of oil of Russian state companies such as Rosneft at the end of last decade but since then ceded its leading positions and now focuses on trading in Europe and Asia.
According to WikiLeaks cables, released in 2010, John Beyrle, the former U.S. ambassador to Moscow, reported that Gunvor's “secretive ownership is rumored to include prime minister Putin.”
A call made by Reuters to Eurasia Foundation, where Beyrle works now after leaving the foreign service, was not answered late on Thursday evening.
The first time Putin addressed the issue directly was in 2011.
“I assure you, I know that a lot is being written about it, without any participation on my part... I have known the citizen Timchenko for a very long time, since my work in St. Petersburg,” Putin told a group of Russian writers.
“I never interfered with anything related to their business interests. I hope they will not stick their nose into my business either,” Putin said.
Putin has repeatedly said that they have read in the press reports about their immense wealth and that they were even the world's richest man but denied those reports as nonsense.
“Yes it is true. I'm not only the richest man in Europe but in the whole world. I'm collecting emotions,” they told reporters in 2008. Talk of vast personal riches “is all rubbish.”
KILLING THE RUMOR?
In response to the statement from Washington, Gunvor said its ownership structure was confirmed during its 2013 $500 million bond issue, co-led by Goldman Sachs.
“They can attest to the fact that, although not required, Gunvor undertook an enhanced level of due diligence in our prospectus, normally only required in the U.S. to demonstrate confidence in our business and in acknowledgement of the high level of scrutiny we withstand,” a Gunvor's spokesperson said.
Goldman said it could not immediately comment on the issue.
In the hysteria that predated the launch of New York's bike-sharing system last year, many critics cried that the bikes would make the city's streets less safe. All those cyclists wouldn't be wearing helmets! They'd have no insurance! Accidents would skyrocket, and with them lawsuits against the city. Fatalities would triple!
The system's safety record quickly turned out to be less sensational. But this was as bike advocates expected. Biking -- as with walking -- offers a prime example of the power of crowds. As more people bike and walk, cycling and pedestrian fatalities actually decline. That's because the more people bike and walk, the more drivers become attuned to their presence (either on sidewalks or road shoulders), and the more cities are likely to invest in the kind of infrastructure explicitly meant to protect them (all of which further encourages more cyclists and pedestrians).
This pattern is confirmed in a large biannual benchmarking report released this week by the Alliance for Biking & Walking in partnership with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. The report, based on data from census travel surveys, the American Community Survey, and local data tracking cyclists and pedestrians, offers some crucial national perspective outside of cities like New York and Washington.
While biking seems to be dramatically on the rise there (and it certainly is in the headlines), only about 1 percent of all trips taken in America today are made on a bike. In 2005, 0.4 percent of commuters cycled to work. By 2011, that figure had ticked up to just 0.56 percent. Walking to work has also barely increased.
But while alternative modes of transportation still account for a small fraction of how we get around (and this remains true of transit, too), it's clear that the more people who bike and walk, the safer those alternatives become. Consider first this chart of the share of commuters who regularly get to work by biking or walking in the largest cities in the U.S. (Yes, in bike-obsessed Portland, still only about 6 percent of people cycle to work):
This chart compares those commute shares to cycling fatalities:
Alliance for Biking & Walking, fatality rate is per 10,000 commuters
And pedestrian fatalities:
Alliance for Biking & Walking
The cities with the largest share of cyclists have the fewest cycling fatalities. And the same is true of pedestrians. Those graphs don't reveal how much of the safety benefit is attributable to infrastructure (bike lanes, crosswalks) and how much to human attention and social norms. But likely the two go together.
The pro-Donald Trump super PAC Great America PAC is ramping up its staffing as its preferred candidate looks poised to seize the Republican nomination. | AP Photo Pro-Trump super PAC ramps up, hires top political operative
A pro-Donald Trump super PAC is pushing ahead with plans to support the billionaire real estate executive, even as Trump insists he's not seeking the help of outside groups.
The super PAC, named Great America PAC, has tapped Eric Beach, a California-based political operative who served as a national finance chair on Rand Paul's presidential bid, to help oversee its fundraising efforts. The group launched in January with seed funding from Bill Doddridge, the CEO of the Jewelry Exchange. Amy Kremer, a prominent tea party leader, is also helping to steer its efforts.
The organization has raised eyebrows, given that Trump often says their campaign is self funded — though it has accepted a million in donations —and has made opposition to super PACs a centerpiece of their campaign. Trump has repeatedly blasted their GOP primary rivals for benefiting from outside groups.
Trump has taken steps to distance itself from the group. When it first launched, the super PAC billed itself as TrumPAC. Shortly afterward, a Trump attorney reached out to the group and, according to several sources familiar with the exchange, said it wasn't allowed to use the candidate's last name in its title. TrumPAC then changed its name to Great America PAC.
“The campaign informed that PAC that they are not authorized to use our name and reiterated that Mr. Trump has disavowed all super PACs,” Hope Hicks, a Trump spokesperson, wrote in an email.
Beach's hiring, however, indicates that Great America PAC is looking to establish itself as a serious entity.  They are a veteran of presidential campaigns, having served as a finance chair on Newt Gingrich's 2012 presidential bid. During the 2008 race, they worked for Rudy Giuliani. They also served as an aide on Bill Simon's 2002 campaign for California governor.
Jake Menges, a Beach friend who worked with them on the Giuliani and Simon campaigns, praised Beach as “one of the most effective grassroots and finance organizers in our business, and their addition to the super PAC signals that this entity is the real deal. Their reach is far and wide and deep with both the wealthy donor base and national grassroots operatives.”
In an interview, Beach said Great America PAC intended to become a central pro-Trump outside entity, and that they expected new contributors to be announced soon.
“What we're going to do is convince donors that Donald Trump can help grow the Republican Party,” they said.
Nine Black Lives Matter protesters in the United Kingdom will not serve any jail time or pay any fines after shutting down London City Airport on Sept. 6 to raise awareness about environmental racism—specifically air pollution emitted from the airport and its detrimental effects on black people in the surrounding neighborhood of Newham, the Daily Mail reports.
Most U.K. media outlets report that all nine protesters are white; however, the Daily Mail reports that only eight of them are white.
Natalie Fiennes, 25, cousin of actors Ralph and Joseph Fiennes; Ben Tippet, 24; William Pettifer, 27; Esme Waldron, 23; Alex Etchart, 26; Richard Collett-White, 23; Deborah Francis-Grayson, 31; Sama Baka, 27; and Sam Lund-Harket, 32, were all arrested on charges of “suspicion of aggravated trespass, being unlawfully airside and breaching London City Airport bylaws,” the BBC reports.
The London Metropolitan Police reported that the protesters had “erected a tripod and … locked themselves together on the runway” after reportedly using a rubber dinghy or swimming across the River Thames to reach the airport's single runway. Hundreds of flights were canceled or delayed over the course of the six-hour protest. Flights resumed at approximately 12:00 p.m. the same afternoon.
Advertisement
Airport officials are reportedly revisiting the strength of their safety measures in light of the incident.
Advertisement
Black Lives Matter U.K. explained the reason behind the protest, saying in part:
Recently London City Airport was given approval to expand its capacity, a move that consigns the local community in Newham to further deterioration of their environment. The average salary of a London City Airport user is €136,000 and 63% of them work in business, finance or other business services. It is an airport designed for the wealthy. At the same time 40% of Newham's population struggle to survive on £20k or less. When black people in Britain are 28% more likely to be exposed to air pollution than their white counterparts, we know that environmental inequality is a racist crisis. The UK's impact on the environment is global. 7 out of 10 of the countries most affected by climate change are in sub-Saharan Africa. By 2020 there will be 200 million climate refugees globally. Whilst at London City Airport a small elite is able to fly, in 2016 alone 3,176 migrants are known to have died or gone missing in the Mediterranean, fleeing conditions that they did not create because cheaper, easier and most importantly safer avenues have been blocked by the UK and other European countries. Black people are the first to die, not the first to fly, in this racist climate crisis.
Advertisement
Asad Rehman, writing for Friends of the Earth, placed an exclamation mark on those facts.
“It's true of course that white people have suffered from extreme weather, such as the floods in parts of the UK this year—and these people need support,” Rehman said. “But it's also undeniable that black communities around the world have suffered the most. The poor, marginalised and indigenous communities who are the first to feel the effects of climate change are overwhelmingly people of colour in developing countries.
“Nearly 1 in 3 global citizens doesn't have access to clean energy or affordable energy,” Rehman continued. “Across the world air pollution from having to use wood fuel now kills more people than tuberculosis and malaria combined. And close to 700 million people don't have access to fresh water, while billions lack even basic sanitation. Again, the vast majority of the people are black.”
Advertisement
On Sept. 14, Judge Elizabeth Roscoe gave all nine protesters “conditional discharges,” also known in the United States as suspended sentences, ranging from two to three years for each protester. Roscoe said they “understood” their concerns but didn't understand how police brutality against black people in the United States was connected with environmental racism affecting black people in the U.K.:
It's quite clear to me that you are individuals who care deeply and are strongly motivated by this cause which is clearly near to your heart. Your protest background is generally speaking climate change and I understand your concerns and of course in this country their is inherently a right to protest and protest peacefully and there is not suggested for a moment that this was anything other than a peaceful albeit extremely disruptive protest. I can see the link between the racial element and your concerns, however I find it rather hard to see the link between the movement started in America that goes by the name Black Lives Matter which protests against the treatment of the black population by the police in America—I didn't see how that links to London City Airport or climate change. However I don't doubt for a moment the honesty, sincerity and strength of your beliefs.
Advertisement
These statements are particularly misguided and typify an ignorance about the scope of the Movement for Black Lives. It's even more critical as water contamination in Flint, Mich.; Selma, Ala.; and Jackson, Miss., continues to raise intense concern and anger at governmental neglect. BLMUK's actions also coincide with the fight to stop the construction of the Dakota Access Pipeline in North Dakota, which could ruin the water supply of the Standing Rock Sioux tribe.
There are also the ramifications of lead poisoning in Baltimore that disproportionately affects black people, and the stark reality that black, brown and poor people in urban areas are subjected to more illnesses and conditions because these communities are closest to toxic highways.
It's all connected, especially within the black Diaspora.
Upon hearing their sentences, one white woman protester allegedly said, “Go, white privilege.”
Advertisement
The protesters' light sentences served to highlight racial disparities in sentencing, even as their involvement drew sharp criticism and charges of co-optation. Black Lives Matter U.K. explained on its social media pages that white allies under black leadership are needed for several reasons—the main one being that allies should put their bodies on the line, but by being white they are still less likely to find themselves victims of trigger-happy cops.
Advertisement
Advertisement
BLMUK's first major action took place last month when it shut down roads around England, the Washington Post reports. Protesters laid down in the middle of the road near Heathrow Airport with their hands behind their heads. The organizers also brought trams to a halt in Manchester. This took place on the fifth anniversary of Mark Duggan death. Duggan was gunned down by police in North London on Aug. 4, 2011, and the group selected that date to raise awareness about police brutality.
It has been debated - who is the best two-way player in the NBA.
Klay Thompson? Paul George? Kawhi Leonard? LeBron James? Someone else?
All three are great players on both ends of the floor but if there just had to be one above the rest, former San Antonio Spurs assistant coach and current 76ers head coach, Brett Brown, leans towards the Spurs' rising star.
"Kawhi Leonard is one of those unique players that we're seeing grow before all of our eyes. They have gone from something that was just gifted physically and then you saw the emergence of – they might be the best two-way player in the NBA," said Brown.
Hard to disagree with Brett here.
Kawhi is averaging a career-high 25.5 points per game, shooting 90 percent from the free-throw line, and has a string of 30-plus scoring nights which places them seventh in the league in that department including 32 points against the 76ers for the team's first Rodeo Road Trip win.
Defensively, Kawhi is still a nightmare for opposing team's and players with a defensive rating of 104.8 overall but a whopping defensive rating of 91.5 in the month of February.
The reigning Defensive Player of the Year is simply a handful on both ends of the court.  They are the best two-way player in the association.
Just ask Brown who had the task of attempting to game-plan at slowing down Kawhi.
"He's a hard person to defend."
I'm sure many around the NBA feel the same way Brett does on No. 2.
Twitter:
The scraggly beard, the beret adorned with a star, the intense gaze: it is an instantly recognisable image which has been used to sell everything from booze to T-shirts to mugs to bikinis.
Che Guevara is an icon of the 20th century whose brand has turned into a worldwide marketing phenomenon. If you want to shift more products or give your corporate image a bit of edge, the Argentine revolutionary's face and name are there to be used, like commercial gold dust.
The fact that Guevara was a communist guerrilla and Marxist ideologue is an irony of little interest to their capitalist exploiters. It has, however, become a problem for their children.
Aleida Guevara this week denounced the commercialisation of their father's image as an affront to their socialist ideals. "Something that bothers me now is the appropriation of the figure of Che that has been used to make enemies from different classes. It's embarrassing."
A man who fought and died trying to overthrow capitalism and material excess should not be used to sell British vodka, French fizzy drinks and Swiss mobile phones, among other travesties, they said. "We don't want money, we demand respect."
Aleida, 47, the eldest of Guevara's four children by their second wife, made the comments during an internet forum sponsored by Cuba's government ahead of what would have been their father's 80th birthday on June 14.
The complaint came amid a surge of renewed interest in Guevara.
The actor Benicio del Toro won the best actor at the Cannes Film Festival this month for their portrayal in Steven Soderbergh's four and a half hour epic Che.
Camilo Guevara, a son, who participated in the forum, said they welcomed the film as long as it was faithful to their father's memory.
Last month Buenos Aires unveiled a towering bronze statute of the young doctor who left Argentina on a motorbike in 1953 and became radicalised by oppression and poverty in Latin America.
They joined Fidel Castro's guerrilla campaign against Cuba's dictator, Fulgencio Batista, and became a key figure in the revolution before unsuccessfully attempting to export insurrection to Congo and Bolivia, where they were captured and executed by CIA-backed government troops in 1967.
Guevara was a more doctrinaire ideologue than Castro and a fervent critic of "material incentives" but in death they became transformed into an icon of daring and rebellion.
The famous image portrait was based on an image taken by the Cuban photographer Alberto Korda in Havana in 1960. It was pinned to their studio wall for seven years until the Italian publisher Giangiacomo Feltrinelli mass produced it around the time of Guevara's death.
Korda willingly forfeited royalties but they sued a British advertising agency for using the photo to promote vodka.
Cuba's government has used the image to promote its revolution and to rake in tourist dollars through state-run stores which sell Che paraphernalia.
Get the biggest football stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tributes have flooded in for Wolfsburg starlet Junior Malanda after they were killed in a car crash.
The Belgian died as they made their way to a German airport ahead of flying out to South Africa for a training camp with their club.
According to BILD, the defensive midfiedler was travelling in the back seat of an SUV when it was involved in a high-speed collision near Porta Westfalica in north-central Germany.
Malanda played 15 times for the Bundesliga outfit this campaign and turned out against Everton in the Europa League last November.
Eden Hazard, Thibaut Courtois and Vincent Kompany are among the many to have tweeted tributes to the fallen 20-year-old.
(Image: Getty)
Twitter tributes
Tolls on Interstate 66 hit $40 during the Tuesday morning rush, the second day of operation for the new express lanes from the Capital Beltway in Northern Virginia to downtown Washington.
At about 8 a.m., a driver entering the interstate at the Beltway would have paid $36.50. Minutes later, the toll reached $40. That tops the peak toll of Monday's debut commute, which reached $34.50.
[I-66 express lanes debut with $34.50 toll, among the highest in U.S.]
But despite complaints from some drivers that the rates are excessive, Virginia transportation officials said the lanes are working exactly as they are supposed to. Transportation Secretary Aubrey Layne declared Monday's opening a success and said the lanes will help the state accomplish its goal of “moving more people, not more vehicles” in the corridor.
The tolls are dynamic and the pricing changes every six minutes, based on the demand and volume of traffic along the road. The goal is to keep a traffic flowing at 55 mph. During Monday and Tuesday's commutes, the speeds stayed consistent at 57 mph, state officials said. This saved motorists travel time and enabled commuter buses to run on-time, Layne said at a Tuesday morning meeting of the Commonwealth Transportation Board.
“As long as people are willing to pay, that is what will drive the tolling,” Layne said. Those complaining that the tolls are unfair have options, they said.
“No one has to pay a toll. You simply could have put another person in your car and avoid a toll,” Layne said. “This is fair to everyone because everyone has a choice. And that is why we did this. We wanted to change behavior, we don't have the resources to continue to lay asphalt and have congested roadways.”
The tolls are among the highest in the United States for a toll highway.
For most drivers, there was anticipation — and excitement — about another alternative to traffic-clogged roads. But the high prices to go just 10 miles left many drivers with sticker shock. Hashtags #I66 tolls and #highwayrobbery quickly became popular on social media.
To be sure, there are other roads that can be used as an alternative to taking the new toll lanes. Motorcycles and vehicles carrying two or more people have free use of the lanes.
Looking east onto I-66 from the N. Scott Street overpass, traffic is seen Monday evening in Arlington. (Jahi Chikwendiu/The Washington Post)
On Tuesday morning, VDOT officials said that as Day 2 of the tolls started, they hadn't seen any major increase in traffic on surrounding roads. VDOT is monitoring Route 50, Route 123, Route 7, Lee Highway, the Beltway and the George Washington Parkway to see if there were increased traffic volumes.
Michelle Holland, a VDOT spokesperson, said Tuesday that during Monday evening's rush-hour commute, there were reports by traffic engineers of a “little bit of an uptick in traffic” on surrounding roads but no major backups. At 7 a.m. Tuesday, Holland said arterial roads were “looking good.” They said they were less congested at this hour than they were at the same time a year ago.
Taking @VaRailXpress today (my usual avoid #I66 method). Tomorrow, we have to drive in, 2 in the car and the EZPassFlex set to HOV to avert #i66tolls . — Benjamin Elliott (@bfelliott) December 5, 2017
“It's been a good opening. It is about what we expected,” Layne said.
Knowledge Is A Universal Natural Resource -- And Locking It Up Hurts Everyone
from the time-to-face-facts dept
If nature has made any one thing less susceptible than all others of exclusive property, it is the action of the thinking power called an idea, which an individual may exclusively possess as long as they keep it to himself; but the moment it is divulged, it forces itself into the possession of every one, and the receiver cannot dispossess themselves of it. Its peculiar character, too, is that no one possesses the less, because every other possesses the whole of it. They who receives an idea from me, receives instruction themselves without lessening mine; as they who lights their taper at mine, receives light without darkening me.
That ideas should freely spread from one to another over the globe, for the moral and mutual instruction of man, and improvement of their condition, seems to have been peculiarly and benevolently designed by nature, when they made them, like fire, expansible over all space, without lessening their density in any point, and like the air in which we breathe, move, and have our physical being, incapable of confinement or exclusive appropriation. Inventions then cannot, in nature, be a subject of property.
I occasionally find myself talking with someone about facebook chat or google chat and I'll say "I sorta invented that" and point them to my Feb 2002 blog entry where I built and released to the wild what was one of the earliest embeddable DHTML chat windows, using my also free and open what-was-not-yet-called-Ajax library I released in 2000, about 5 years before many people came along and pushed the state of the art much further down the road.
Invariably I am told that I should be rich and that all those sites and people "stole" my ideas. I disagree and say that these were all perfectly obvious inventions to me and all the others who came after me and that it was my duty to the net to feed my work back into it such that folks could stand on my shoulders as I had stood on those of others.
That is how the net works – or at least it used to. It still does in open development circles but the content and patent industries are fighting hard to brainwash everyone that knowledge is inherently owned.
Anything that is knowable is a part of the universe of truth that has no owner and no bounds. The invention or discovery of anything results in the exposure of one or more hitherto undocumented universal truths to the collected human record.
The true and original purpose of copyright and patents is to create a temporary legal fiction which acts in many respects like ownership, conferring upon an individual person rights to control the use and dissemination of morsels of universal truth which they had the luck and/or tenacity to first identify, so they can be recompensed for their contribution to the universe's growing stockpile of exposed truth for the benefit of all humanity.
The legal expansion to include corporate personhood and subsequent term extensions tending towards permanence of the legal assignment of ownership equivalence amounts to the expropriation and destruction of large parts of humanity's natural knowledge resources.
It's not too much different from bulldozing the rainforest.
One of the more important points in understanding some of the fights over the ridiculousness of today's copyright and patent laws is to recognize how knowledge (information) is a. It is the input that makes other great things. Economist Paul Romer's famous research really showed how knowledge and information as a resource is what creates economic growth. Once you recognize that fact, you begin to run into problems when you think about locking up that natural resource. Think of other natural resources. Do we think the world is better off if there's a greater supply of each of those? An abundance? If we have an abundance of wheat, that's a good thing. If we have an abundance of energy, that's a good thing. There may beof such abundances, but the overall abundance is something worth cherishing.The problem, however, comes when you have a new abundance where once there was scarcity. And that's because anywhere there's a scarcity, someone has built a business model based on that very scarcity. But that is a business model issue. Years ago, most economies rejected the idea of mercantilism, where governments would purposely build up monopolies and artificial scarcities, because of the realization that, in the long run, everyone was better off with a competitive market. The guy who had the sugar monopoly may have hated it -- but everyone else was much, much better off.And, so, we go back toand. Unlike most other resources, knowledge is not just abundant... it is. As Thomas Jefferson once famously wrote:And yet... we still default to thinking that this amazing resource should be locked up. Because it's oftento see how the guy who owns the sugar monopoly benefits, than to think through the more complicated market in which there are competing sugar providers, each trying to offer a better product, under which consumers benefit at a massive scale, markets grow and opportunity blossoms. It's easier to just focus on the fact that it makes life more difficult for the one monopolist.And often, it seems that we run into this same issue when it comes to intellectual property law. Brent Ahsley recently wrote an interesting post, in which they talk about how something they created way back in 2002, one of the first DHTML-based embeddable chat windows -- has become a mainstream piece of technology , but one over which Ahsley has no control, nor profits from. But, unlike the typical analysis, Ahsley realizes that the world is much better off this way:And this, as Ahsley recognizes, is a problem. The world of monopolists is focused on protecting the monopoly. But if Ashley, for example, had patented aspects of their AJAX library, or their embeddable chat, would the world be a better place? It's likely that such chat features would not be as common. It's likely that such chat offerings (which are now everywhere) would not be as powerful or as useful. It's likely that the world would be a worse place. Ahsley, personally, might be a little wealthier -- perhaps someone would pay them to license the functionality, or perhaps he'd successfully sue someone. But the world would be more limited and there would be less to go on.This, then, is the problem that many of us face in looking at and trying to understand the nature of economics, growth, innovation andwhen looking at the world of monopoly protections. It's easy to see the sugar monopolist, and see how taking down those monopolies might make their job harder (even if it creates a big market with more opportunity to make more money). But to recognize that bigger picture, as Ashley does, is difficult.Ashley tries to put it all in perspective:At some point, it needs to be recognized that the purpose of these laws has been twisted and twisted and twisted to the point that they are broken. They're not acting as a reward for those who discover key elements of knowledge in exchange for sharing them. They've become tolls in and of themselves for the sole purpose of enriching the monopolist. And that takes us right back to mercantilism.If we were able to reject industrial mercantilism as the wrong economic approach 250 years or so ago, at some point we're going to reach the age where we can reject intellectual mercantilism as well.
Filed Under: copyright, economics, innovation, knowledge, patents, resources
Civilians in Bulgaria have taken to hunting down migrants and handing them to police on so-called “healthy walks.”
A group of men in Bulgaria roam the countryside helping plant trees, participating in torchlight parades on national holidays and tracking down illegal migrants to turn into the Bulgarian authorities. The group call themselves the “organization for the protection of Bulgarian citizens,” and were founded by Hristo Atanasov, a cook and self described patriot, Die Welt reports.
Atanasov leads the group who go out on weekends donning military fatigues to go on what they call “healthy walks” through the nearby beaches and mountains close to their home in the coastal town of Burgas. Atanasov claims that the group likes to go to the area because of the natural beauty but also because it is a major hotspot for migrants who have come across the border from neighbouring Turkey.
The self styled patriot describes the process saying that the group often spots the people smugglers first, “they run 200 to 300 metres ahead to see if the coast is clear,” they said. If the migrants see them and their men they often run away, “they think we are the police,” Atanasov remarked.
The patrol leader said that they are usually joined by around 30 more men at any given weekend. The group has so far managed to capture more than 50 migrants crossing the Bulgarian-Greek border and they bring them all directly to Bulgarian police.
The group believes they are the first line of defence from what they call the “migrant invasion,” and regard themselves as merely doing their duty to their country as self appointed border protectors. Their work is reminiscent of protests by the hipster-right Identitarians who built their own fences along the Austrian-Slovenian border when the government refused to control the migrant flow last year.
Another Bulgarian vigilante is Dinko Valev, who has done similar work to the group, and was lauded as a “superhero” for capturing 20 migrants single handed.
Yet Atanasov claims they are a bit different to the quad-bike riding patrolman saying, “we are a registered association and coordinate our activities with the police.” Some migrants have claimed that they were robbed and beaten by Bulgarians after coming across the border but Atanasov denies that their group has ever participated in any such actions.
Vigilante groups have sprung up all across Europe in the wake of the migrant crisis as many citizens feel that their governments and police can't handle the situation. This week in Germany a migrant attempted to steal a bottle of wine and vigilantes brought the confrontation between the man and the shopkeeper to a quick end, hauling them from the premises and tying them to a nearby tree until police could arrive.
Some vigilante groups have grown so rapidly that police have found themselves having to crack down on their activities. One vigilante group in Germany claimed to have 13,000 members in only eight days of its founding. Even in the early days of the migrant crisis last year vigilante groups were being formed in places like the Czech Republic to, in their words, protect civilians from migrants. The rise of vigilante organizations has so far shown little signs of slowing down.
Jacksonville Jaguars Hex, RGB, CMYK and PANTONE Color Codes
The Jacksonville Jaguars colors are black, gold, teal and white. Here are the Jacksonville Jaguars color codes if you need them for any of your digital or print projects. Follow this link for the rest of the NFL hex color codes for all of your favorite football team color codes.
Primary Logo Color Estimates (2013 – Present)
Black
Hex Color: #101820;
RGB: (16,24,32)
CMYK: (100,40,100)
PANTONE: PMS 6 C
Gold
Hex Color: #D7A22A;
RGB: (215,162,42 )
CMYK: (0,28,98,11)
PANTONE: PMS 7555 C
Dark Gold
Hex Color: #9F792C;
RGB: (159,121,44)
CMYK: (11,31,100,36)
PANTONE: 126 C
Teal
Hex Color: #006778;
RGB: (0,103,120)
CMYK: (100,9,29,47)
PANTONE: PMS 3155 C
Jacksonville Jaguars Logo Colors (1995 – 2012)
Black
PANTONE: Process Black
Hex Color: #000000;
RGB: (0,0,0)
CMYK: (40,0,0,100)
Vegas Gold
PANTONE: PMS 125C
Hex Color: #D7A22A;
RGB: (215,162,42)
CMYK: (0,25,100,30)
Aqua
PANTONE: PMS 315
Hex Color: #00677F;
RGB: (0,103,127)
CMYK: (100,0,20,35)
Helmet Color
Metallic Gold
PANTONE: 872
Hex Color: #9F792C;
RGB: (159,121,44)
CMYK: (0,25,56,51)
Verified Source
How can we appreciate bullet-quick SSDs and fiber networks without pausing -- at the year's end -- to appreciate where it all came from? We should think back to before the birth of modern computing , even before the telegraph , to a time when bits of data were forced to travel everywhere by train. A hacker named Maximilien has now recreated that locomotive golden era using Lego, Arduino and Linux, and what their system lacks in bandwidth it more than makes up for in historical relevance. A USB flash key is borne by miniature railway carriage from station to station, stopping at each one to unload or pickup information and thus creating its own barebones networking protocol. Click the source link to appreciate the full museum piece.
The Mahawar Pharma factory in Raipur. (Source: Express photo by Ashutosh Bhardwaj)
When Raman Singh's Chhattisgarh government cracked down on Mahawar Pharmaceuticals Pvt Ltd for supplying drugs of “suspicious quality” for the laparoscopic tubectomies that led to 13 deaths in Bilaspur over the last week, it remained silent on a crucial detail.
Advertising
On March 21, 2012, Health Minister Amar Agarwal had informed the State Assembly that the company had been found guilty of selling “duplicate generic drugs” and that “a case was registered against it on February 2, 2012 in the court of Chief Judicial Magistrate Raipur.”
Apart from the police case, records reveal that seven medicines supplied by this company had been banned by the state government for various reasons over different periods of time.
Yet, the state government continued to purchase drugs from the company which also owns a small factory operating from a residential colony of Raipur without even a signboard.
Advertising
In the latest instance, the company had supplied an antibiotic — Ciprofloxacin — for the surgeries in Bilaspur, ironically the home district of Health Minister Agarwal.
Chief Minister Singh did not respond to requests for comment but Agarwal said that the drugs were purchased by a local official “at their individual level”.
“We did not purchase these medicines. These were purchased by the Bilaspur Chief Medical Officer at their individual level,” Amar Agarwal told The Indian Express.
However, government doctors have refuted the minister's claim and said that the administration has been purchasing drugs from this company for over ten years.
Indicating the possibility that the drugs supplied for the camp may have been of inferior quality, Chhattisgarh Health Secretary Alok Shukla said, “It seems that it (the deaths) could be a case of Zinc Phosphate poisoning.”
While Agarwal sought to distance the government from Mahavir Pharma, the fact remains that the State Food and Drug Controller had awarded the company a Good Medical Practice certificate last year, an official acknowledgement of the “quality standards” maintained by the company.
Even the local police have said, in statements on the case, that the company had been supplying drugs to the government.
“A case under Section 420 has been filed against the company,” Raipur IG G P Singh said. “They were registered as manufacturers, but it was found that they did not manufacture here. They merely brought drugs from elsewhere and packaged here. They did not maintain many records either.”
Police have also arrested the company's directors Mahesh Mahavar and their son Sumit Mahavar after the Food and Drug Controller sealed the company's premises Thursday. The company has subsequently issued a statement claiming that it had never received any complaint about the antibiotic that it had supplied for the Bilaspur camp.
“We never sell to the government,” it said in a statement. “We sell to drug traders, who supply it to various agencies. This antibiotic is sold at many places. We have never received any complaint.”
In 2012, Agarwal had also told the Assembly that the government had prohibited the company from manufacturing seven medicines over varying periods, and was issued a showcause notice for the production of another drug, Agarwal said. The police case referred to by the Minister then brought five other drugs supplied by the company under the scanner.
Records show that the subsequent purchases from the company were made by Chhattisgarh Medical Service Corporation Ltd on behalf of the government. Officials said the drugs were purchased only after “tendering and examining the quality of drugs”.
As per norms, the government does not release payment for the drugs unless samples have passed the quality test.
Bandh today
Advertising
The Chhattisgarh chapter of the Indian Medical Association (IMA) has called for a statewide bandh tomorrow in support of Dr R K Gupta, who was arrested for conducting the laparoscopic tubectomies in Bilaspur that led to 13 deaths. The IMA has termed their arrest as “arbitrary”.
Dan from the Internet ghostwrote “Dynamite” for Taio Cruz.
Sometimes it's easy to forget how long it took Kanye to become Kanye. Sure, it feels like time has completely compressed inwards on itself and the soul samples, Jon Brion production and Daft Punk singles were all one big phase. But in reality, being that obnoxious and taking your fans on an artistic joyride takes years of trust to build up. The problem is when someone sees their hero go from level 1 to level 10 over eight albums. The logical conclusion is to pick up from where they left off.
Enter Jaden Smith, a more than capable rapper, actor, philanthropist and extradimensional deity who can't seem to commit to doing one thing well. Which is an issue when you're shooting to be the NEXT maximalist rap star on your first go around. World building is only necessary for artists who are forced to build a fanbase from the ground up, not when you already have one built in. Syre is a fun album that knows it doesn't have to be particularly good.
Jaden Smith is so confident on Syre the album begins by dividing one 15-minute song, into four tracks. “B”, “L”, “U”, “E”, is the type of obnoxious idea you would come up with if someone had never told you no. The thing is Jaden can afford to be cocky both figuratively and literally. He's succeeded in almost every venture he's undertaken since they were a preteen. From a Netflix anime created by Ezra Koenig to eco-friendly water bottle companies, success is often the loudest guest in the room. It certainly speaks louder than good taste.
Jaden compares themselves to Martin Luther King twice in one song then brags about driving a Tesla; it's so ostentatious that it's almost off putting. They throw around arrogant one-liners at such a dizzying clip that it's almost impressive – at least until they say, “Man I'm getting green, im artichokin'” on ‘U.' He's so pleased with that line/himself that they repeat it, then rhymes it with “art of choking.” Their double time flow rarely lets up across the hour-long album and that is actually impressive (when it's not trying to draw attention away from cringe worthy lyrics.)
Across the hour and ten minutes run time, Jaden comes off as a good to serviceable rapper. They constantly shoot at some heavy subject matter that sees them regularly punching out of their weight class. Like when they compare themselves to Martin Luther King twice on “Hope” only 10 minutes after doing it on “L”. They then gets (somewhat) political, “Swear the city hate the watermelon and the melanin” on ‘E' and “I'm just wishing all these prisons was not independent, Lobbyists in the Senate” on “Hope.”
You almost want to applaud Jaden for trying to address systematic racism or the prison industrial complex. Yet it's hard not to find yourself getting a little annoyed with how surface level all of their observations are. The album is an intro level psych or sociology course on a “My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy” budget, which can be charming in doses. You want to like Jaden, then there are times where they complain at an invisible “they” for not listening to their lyrics and only caring about YSL and lean. Jaden is the consummate little brother on Syre wondering why the world is the way it is and isn't listening to him.
The middle of the album is when Syre falls apart. “Ninety” and “Lost Boy” are almost 8 and 10 minutes respectively, so combined nearly as long as a separate EP. This all goes back to how many hip-hop artists skipped the line after Kanye, who took four albums before committing to a 9 minute single. Or at least put “Last Call” at the end of the album. Jaden's so self-indulgent they make it so difficult to support them at every turn.
The album stand out, “Icon,” is probably the best argument for Jaden as an artist. It's the same effortlessly confident character we've come to expect, but here it fits. A simple idea on an album devoid of many. Jaden's main argument is hard to contend with, they do in fact have a record label (which they mention on almost every song) and is so rich they can privately fund their own movies. When Jaden sticks to the facts of their ridiculous life he's likeable. He's equally electric on ‘The Passion' when they say they want to take on other rappers for sneak dissing and being afraid to battle him. You are immediately on Jaden's side no matter how ridiculous. It is just too hard to not like them when he's having this much fun. When they try to teach the listener, it's easy to tune them out.
Jaden definitely accomplished something daring with this album: it's grandiose and a maximalist 19 year-olds idea of what the future of hip-hop sounds like. Even then, it still sounds like the past. It retreads similar ground as albums like Because the Internet or Coloring Book and like those albums, it should strike a chord with some listeners. Syre gestures at something much larger in the world but never really suggests what that something is. It's the exact type of sentiment that Kanye gestured at on their debut and in all honesty you can't fault the optimism of youth. Sometimes it's refreshing.
We rely on your support to keep POW alive. Please take a second to donate on Patreon!
Fort Bragg, with a population of 7,000, is a ragged former timber town on the northern reaches of the California coast. It is in some ways the epitome of idealised small town America: the kind of town where any small happening is news, where the story of any event acquires a mythology almost before it happens.
When a blue whale was struck and killed offshore by the research vessel Pacific Star and drifted into an isolated cove just south of the city limits, they quickly acquired their own story and a name, The Whale, or The Smell, as my father started calling them when the stench of decay drifted into their nearby living room. They invited me over to smell for myself, but I politely declined the 10-minute drive.
News outlets were quick to pick up the story. Initial reports that they would be left to break down naturally were replaced by news that a team of volunteers, supervised by a Humboldt State University biologist, would section the body so that it could be winched up the cliffs. Local companies donated heavy equipment for the task, a composting facility offered to compost the blubber and enterprising local youths sold tickets to would-be spectators who came to gawk and left disappointed when they learned that the cove was in an inaccessible gated community.
Much to the relief of wealthy weekenders who quailed at the thought of having their ocean views replaced with a panorama of decaying whale, the removal effort went quickly. The blue whale is an endangered species, necessitating strict rules about the handling of remains, and the process was meticulously documented.
This narrative is captivating, but it is only one aspect of the story. Almost immediately, accusations of negligence on the part of the Pacific Star's crew emerged, with rampant speculation about the circumstances in which The Whale was struck. All evidence suggests that they did nothing wrong. In fact, the only reason we can confirm the cause of death is because the crew reported the incident, but it brings up a larger discussion about oceanographic research.
Fort Bragg is on a known whale migration route, and it's whale season. Some people questioned whether the Pacific Star should have been out at all, given the risk of whale strikes, and others wondered about the protocol observed by research vessels in waters frequented by whales. Ironically, the boat was on a surveying mission to update National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration maps, which will be used to designate new marine protection areas.
This later proved to be another point of contention, with some whale advocates claiming that the echo sounding equipment used by the research vessel might have caused acoustic trauma that could have disorientated the animal. Fishery advocates also protested at government interference in Fort Bragg's offshore waters, once one of the most productive marine ecosystems in the world, now heavily overfished. A cynic might say that the government should have stepped in before we fished to the brink of collapse.
This is the second ship strike and death to occur this year in California's waters, although we're still short of the record four deaths in 2007. Estimates on the number of blue whales left alive vary, but the numbers are low enough that any ship strike is a tragedy. These incidents have raised questions about the need to balance science with the creatures it is trying to save, and have illustrated the growing struggle over the right to use California's offshore waters: who has precedence? The whales, or the growing commercial, scientific, and recreational ship traffic?
Meanwhile, the whale's remains are buried in an undisclosed location in the forest, to let microbes do the work of cleaning the bones. Eventually, they will be mounted for display in a marine education facility which currently exists only in the imagination, much like the glory days of Fort Bragg's now moribund fishing and timber industries.
The smell still lingers.
CLOSE AR-15-style rifles have been used in multiple mass shootings in recent years, including the high school shooting in Parkland, Florida. See why. USA TODAY
FBI agents search for clues at the entrance to the First Baptist Church, after a mass shooting that killed 26 people in Sutherland Springs, Texas on Nov. 6, 2017. (Photo11: MARK RALSTON, AFP/Getty Images)
Corrections and Clarifications: A previous version of this story erroneously included a mass shooting in Oregon in which the gunman did not use an AR-15.
AR-15 style rifles have been the weapon of choice in many recent mass shootings, including the Texas church shooting Sunday, the Las Vegas concert last month, the Orlando nightclub last year and Sandy Hook Elementary School in 2012.
The manufacture of rifles more than doubled in the past decade, to nearly 3.7 million rifles manufactured in 2015, according to the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives.
Much of the growth coincided with the Obama administration, when industry experts said gun owners were worried the government would restrict weapon sales.
Amid that growth, the AR-15 style weapon became popular for its ease of use and versatility. The National Rifle Association has called the AR-15 the "most popular rifle in America" and estimates Americans own more than 8 million of them.
The NRA said "the AR-15 has soared in popularity" because it's "customizable, adaptable, reliable and accurate." It is also versatile and can be used for "sport shooting, hunting and self-defense situations," the NRA said, adding the ability to "personalize" so many of the rifle's components "is one of the things that makes it so unique."
The site TacticalGear.com offered a favorable comparison of the U.S. AR-15 to the Russian-made AK-47. The AR-15 has a higher base price, shoots farther effectively, fires more rounds per minute, is lighter and its service life is longer if properly maintained, the site said.
The Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence said the AR-15, a civilian model of the military's M-16, also cited the weapon's versatility in evaluating its popularity.
“They're accurate and they can basically shoot as quickly as you can pull the trigger,” according to a campaign statement. “Along those lines, they're very customizable — most average people can figure out how to install accessories like forward trigger grips that let you hold the gun at waist height and spray bullets while stabilizing the gun, laser sights, and you can add high-capacity magazines.”
Dean Hazen, owner of The Gun Experts in Mahomet, Ill., and a master firearms instructor, said the reason mass shooters are turning to the AR-15 is due to a "copy-cat" mentality more than any feature of the rifle.
"It's really just a perception thing," Hazen said. "There are rifles that are more powerful and more dangerous than that, but they're not being used."
For example, Hazen says the AK-47 — and its semiautomatic variants — is a "far more wicked gun than an AR-15." The AK-47 variants can hold just as many rounds as the AR-15, are more reliable and use larger 7.62 mm rounds as opposed to the standard AR-15's .223 rounds.
CLOSE Speaking through tears, Stephen Willeford, the man some are calling a hero for engaging in a shootout with the Texas church gunman on Sunday, says they were afraid for their life but that they believe God gave them the skills needed to face the shooter. (Nov. 6) AP
Some killers might be drawn to the AR-15 because they are the "weapon of choice" for the military and police. But ironically, the police "choose it because it is under-powered, Hazen said, "making it less likely to penetrate interior walls and hit an unintended target." The Army is considering moving to a higher-caliber rifle partly because that would make the weapon more deadly.
Hazen said the AR-15 has "gotten a bad rap." They believe mass shooters generally don't know much about guns and choose the AR-15 because of the reputation it has gotten from being used in other mass shootings.
"Thank God they don't know any better because if they did they would use much more effective weapons," Hazen said.
More:
Texas shooter allowed to buy weapons after Air Force failed to flag them
Youngest Texas shooting victim just 18 months old: What we know now
When is it terrorism? When is it a hate crime?
Here is a list of mass shootings in the U.S. that featured AR-15-style rifles during the last 35 years, courtesy of the Stanford Geospatial Center and Stanford Libraries and USA TODAY research:
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2AdssVI
In a country of only 4.5 million people, the prevalent feeling is that every vote counts. Divorce was only passed narrowly by referendum in 1995, with the margin a mere 9,000 votes . This was the second attempt to legalize divorce in Ireland; the first — in 1986 — failed after 65 percent of the electorate voted against it.
Irish senator and former presidential candidate David Norris — who won a historic case in 1988 to legalize homosexuality — told VICE News they thought the yes campaign was slipping. "That's because of the very clever manoeuvres by the 'no' side to introduce all kinds of red herrings," they said, such as child welfare, the redefinition of marriage, and surrogacy. "All these things have nothing whatever to do with the referendum which is simply and strictly about extending the categories of people who can get married."
All Ireland's major political parties support the referendum passing, but while polls have indicated a definite victory for the "yes" side, the margin is narrowing , and some say surveys have been skewed by some "no" voters being hesitant to admit to their views.
The referendum will decide whether to add a single line to the Irish Constitution reading: "Marriage may be contracted in accordance with law by two persons without distinction as to their sex."
On Friday, historically Catholic Ireland is set to become the first country in the world to hold a national referendum on legalizing same-sex marriage. While some campaigners criticize the polarizing nature of the debate, others say that just having the discussion has created a more tolerant and liberal state.
Read more
On Friday, historically Catholic Ireland is set to become the first country in the world to hold a national referendum on legalizing same-sex marriage. While some campaigners criticize the polarizing nature of the debate, others say that just having the discussion has created a more tolerant and liberal state.
The referendum will decide whether to add a single line to the Irish Constitution reading: "Marriage may be contracted in accordance with law by two persons without distinction as to their sex."
All Ireland's major political parties support the referendum passing, but while polls have indicated a definite victory for the "yes" side, the margin is narrowing, and some say surveys have been skewed by some "no" voters being hesitant to admit to their views.
Irish senator and former presidential candidate David Norris — who won a historic case in 1988 to legalize homosexuality — told VICE News they thought the yes campaign was slipping. "That's because of the very clever manoeuvres by the 'no' side to introduce all kinds of red herrings," they said, such as child welfare, the redefinition of marriage, and surrogacy. "All these things have nothing whatever to do with the referendum which is simply and strictly about extending the categories of people who can get married."
In a country of only 4.5 million people, the prevalent feeling is that every vote counts. Divorce was only passed narrowly by referendum in 1995, with the margin a mere 9,000 votes. This was the second attempt to legalize divorce in Ireland; the first — in 1986 — failed after 65 percent of the electorate voted against it.
Irish emigrants in New York campaigning in favour of same-sex marriage.
Ireland also has no postal vote for emigrants — and the fallout from the 2008 financial crash has meant that young Irish citizens have been leaving the country in droves. The emigration rate hit a high of one person leaving every six minutes in 2013, with more than a third of those aged 15 to 24. Since 2009, this has led to a 25 percent drop in the amount of Irish people in their 20s who actually reside in the country.
One of those who left is Joey Kavanagh, who moved to London in the summer of 2014 to find work as an arts administrator. The 28-year-old told VICE News they hadn't realised there was no postal vote until they moved abroad. Weighing up their options, they booked trip and founded an equality campaign called "Get the Boat to Vote," encouraging Irish emigrants to return to cast a ballot.
Now they estimate that between 30 and 40 other Irish people will be joining them to make the journey on Friday.
"I know the polls at the moment are saying that it's going to be 75/80 percent 'yes' but I don't really believe it's going to be that close," Kavanagh told VICE News, adding that he's currently applying for jobs in Ireland, but thinks they would be deterred if the referendum fails to pass. "It would send out a really negative message. We're the first country in the world to put this to a popular vote in the way that we are and I think a 'no' vote in Ireland would have a negative domino affect."
Irish Health Minister Leo Varadkar recently came out as gay, and is in favor of legalizing same-sex marriage.
Homosexuality in Ireland was decriminalized in 1993, after Norris sued Ireland in a case that progressed through the Irish Supreme Court to the European Court of Human Rights. They were represented by Mary Robinson, who would go on to be Ireland's first female president.
"When I grew up it was a criminal offense [to be gay] in public or in private," Norris told VICE News. "There was complete silence about this. The word 'homosexuality' was never mentioned. The word 'gay' hadn't even been thought of in Ireland. There was a complete and absolute silence, and young gay people were left to grow up in ignorance and fear, and that's what it was like."
Related: Irish priest tells congregation he's gay, receives standing ovation
Norris vs. Ireland was perhaps the last time LGBT rights have created a concentrated stir and outpouring of discussion, but the senator said that they now look back on it "with a certain amount of ironic amusement."
That's because "the 'no' side have said there's plenty of protection, there are the equality provisions in the Irish constitution," they explained, but actually these provisions "have been demonstrated to have no positive application whatsoever for gay people." The only thing that could improve the situation was the marriage referendum, they stated — "putting the rights of gay people — for the first time — in the Irish constitution."
Ireland has traditionally been a very socially conservative country where the Catholic Church has a large amount of societal control. Abortion is still almost completely illegal — including in cases of rape, incest, and fatal foetal abnormalities. Contraception was only made fully available in 1985.
The stream of disclosures about the extent of child abuse cases within the church, and its subsequent cover up, resulted in many Irish people retreating from the organization. Norris commented on that, noting: "although [many Irish people] will listen with respect to what is said by the bishops, they won't take it as absolute law. People are thinking for themselves now, not leaving it to the priests to tell them what to do."
Since campaigning began in force, the same-sex marriage referendum has also provoked discord and factionalism within the Catholic Church.
In parishes across the country, some priests have been instructing their congregations to vote no, but others have noticeably failed to deliver the messages — as instructed — while one priest openly announced their support from the pulpit before coming out as gay himself. Norris told VICE News that their niece had walked out of a church in Waterford — a county in the country's southeast — "as the result of a fire and brimstone service against the referendum."
Related: A legal loophole has legalized ecstasy in Ireland — until Thursday
Some non-Catholic religious leaders are also attempting to direct their flocks. Nigerian-born pastor Adewale Kuyebi, from the Christ Apostolic church in the north-west Dublin area of Blanchardstown, told the Irish Times they had been sending Whatsapp messages to members of their 300-person-strong congregation to encourage them to vote 'no' on Friday.
Paddy Manning explaining why he's voting no.
Paddy Manning, a gay man who has been campaigning for a "no" vote with the group "Mothers and Fathers Matter," criticized the behaviour of "yes" campaigners — telling VICE News they felt they had engaged in bullying, and that it had become unacceptable for someone to say that they were voting against gay marriage.
Marriage was "at its heart about children," rather than love, Manning told VICE News, saying that "recognizing difference is not discrimination."
"Every child should have a mother and a father," they continued, though the Referendum Commission has explicitly stated that the constitutional change will have nothing to do with either adoption or surrogacy.
Manning said "no" posters had been taken down around the country, citing the example of a Dublin hotel that offered customers a 50 percent discount for removing a "no" poster from the local area and presenting it while checking in. In a Facebook post, the Charleville Lodge Hotel said: "Feel free to creatively deface the poster. Draw a devil on it or something." But Manning acknowledged that in a referendum there were always campaigners on both sides who took things to extremes.
The small, vocal group of "no" campaigners say their side may actually be in the majority, but it's not showing in the polls as so many are afraid to air their opposition to the constitutional change in public. Meanwhile, campaigners on the "yes" side have been criticized for appealing to emotion rather than reason.
For some, the referendum has inspired unplanned and powerful declarations. Ursula Halligan, the political editor of national television station TV3, asked to be removed from referendum coverage last week after coming out as gay to their employers and telling them they couldn't possibly be objective about the outcome.
"This referendum has changed things," the 54-year-old said in an Irish Times article and subsequent radio interview. Until LGBT rights became a topic of public discussion, "I was resigned to go to my grave with [my] secret. And I shiver to think, there must be so many people who have done that, who have sort of lived incomplete lives and gone to their graves, quietly, because they were too embarrassed or too ashamed to talk about [being gay]."
"I was still full of homophobia to be honest with you, and I'm only realising that now," they continued. "In my head, I'm the greatest homophobe going. No one else in Ireland is a homophobe, but I certainly am."
When Halligan was growing up, being gay "just wasn't talked about. And when it was talked about it was talked about in terms of ridicule or or jeering or jokes, but I knew that it was just the worst thing on earth."
Quietly, they added: "I should have been braver about this. I don't know why it took me so long."
Over the past few months, a heated debate around the nature of "balance" during discussions about LGBT people's rights has run alongside active campaigning.
Irish artist Joe Caslin's mural supporting same-sex marriage
Bella Fitzpatrick is a Dublin-based volunteer coordinator at ShoutOut, an organization that runs school workshops to educate young people about homophobic bullying. In January, their group was prevented from running a workshop in a south Dublin secondary school after the principal said parents had complained, and the workshops couldn't go ahead until the "other side" could also be represented.
Fitzpatrick told VICE News that they love Dublin but in their opinion "Ireland is a relatively bad place for LGBT people to live and grow up in. You can be lucky, have open minded parents, go to a groovy school," but they have also met young people from rural areas who believe they've never met a gay person.
In terms of the referendum, they said: "I think the largest impact will be on the LGBT kids not even born yet. To come into a society that shows gay relationships the same legal respect to heterosexual relationships. It will stop homophobia being the last safe place for prejudice.
"We've still a very long way to go for our transgender brother and sisters though."
Norris echoed similar sentiments. "Even when we have full equality in Ireland there will still be issues of homophobia and homophobic bullying to be dealt with, but I like to think that is less and less," they said.
"If [the referendum] doesn't pass it will be the biggest slap in the face to vulnerable, young, gay people. I mean their feelings will be agonized if it's not passed. It will be putting them back in the closet. It will be classifying them as second-class citizens. And I think it will lead to an enormous amount of unhappiness among young, gay people."
They continued: "Nevertheless, even when all these issues are ironed out, there will still be the fact that in the majority of countries on this planet gay people are in really severe danger. Danger of being harassed, danger of being arrested and imprisoned, sometimes tortured and even brutally murdered and sometimes even tortured by their own state. So we can't relax into our own comfort zone and pay no attention to what's happening to our brothers and sisters across the planet."
Related: The Queen just honored a politician who believes Hurricane Katrina was caused by gay people
Follow Sally Hayden on Twitter: @sallyhayd
Denver police officers will no longer face discipline when they receive a photo-radar or red-light ticket while on routine duty. Instead, they will have to do what the law requires: Challenge the violation or pay the fine.
A new citywide policy requiring any driver ticketed while behind the wheel of a city-owned vehicle to pay their fines prompted Safety Manager Alex Martinez to make the change.
Under the old rule, officers didn't have to pay their fines, but they would receive an oral reprimand after the first ticket and a written reprimand after a second.
There is no change to the policy that leads to the cancellation of tickets issued to cops responding to emergencies.
The change comes on the heels of a 9News investigation that found the tickets were widely ignored by those driving city vehicles. From 2009 to mid-2012, 607 tickets were unpaid. Police vehicles accounted for 458 of those.
Martinez said it was fair to eliminate discipline on a cop's first two violations if they are required to pay the fine. Leaving the discipline rules in place could have added to the turmoil roiling the department, they added.
Chief Robert White, who was sworn in last December, has begun shuffling the ranks of detectives, technicians, corporals, replacing some and moving others to different jobs. Officers had to reapply for their jobs and began receiving notification about their futures Friday.
The public was concerned about police dodging tickets that everyone else had to pay, Martinez said.
But there were reasons for using discipline instead of requiring payment, Martinez said. Among other things, the reprimands, which go on an officer's record, could protect the fleet and the public.
“I am not arguing against the change; it is just that the way it used to be done has some reason,” Martinez said. “It is a shifting policy, and that never suits people in particular.”
Even White — who advocated for cops playing their tickets — has been tagged by photo radar. They received a ticket in January and another in May and received an oral reprimand for the first and a written reprimand for the second. Though they received the citations before the rule change, they paid the fines, police spokesperson Lt. Matt Murray said.
Commanders still will receive notice when officers are ticketed, and the Conduct Review Office will determine if the violation occurred during an emergency.
Under the new policy, cops will receive an oral reprimand for a third offense and a write-up for a fourth. A fifth ticket could result in pay being docked eight hours.
Tom McGhee: 303-954-1671, tmcghee@denverpost.com or twitter.com/dpmcghee
Top Cycling Races to Watch in 2019 34 Cycling is arguably one of the most difficult sports out there. Even if you are not a lycra-wearing cycling freak that does hundreds of kilometres a week on their high-end carbo... read more
5 Best Online Games That Feature Cycling 60 Staying in touch with your love of cycling during winter does not have to be difficult. Riding in winter when it is snowing or raining outside and the temperatures are near or b... read more
Can Online Games Help You Focus for Your Bike Races? 66 Cycling is an activity which demands a lot of focus, especially for professionals and enthusiast amateur who either go really fast or off the beaten path, or both. Having cyclin... read more
Cryptocurrency E-Bike – Earn Money While Cycling 428 Cryptocurrencies have brought many great innovations to the world. The blockchain technology is one of those. A decentralized network where data is stored in packets eliminates ... read more
Best Biking Gear – The Best Things you can Purchase for Your Bike 309 Bicycle gear comes in all shapes and sizes and you should know that not all brands are equal. Some of them create better equipment than the others. There are things that are alm... read more
How to Bet on Cycling 708 Online sports betting is becoming increasingly popular day by day. You will be glad to hear that there are many opportunities online to bet on cycling. In this article, we will ... read more
WIGGLE MAGNIFICAT: Sunday 9th July 2017 – Berkshire 1223 Celebrating its 11th year in 2017, the Wiggle MagnifiCat sportive has gained the reputation of a prestigious event and a formidable challenge. Welding together the rolling Hamps... read more
The Norwich 50/25 Mile Bike Ride 1225 On Sunday, June 4th, Norwich will be the host the annual country cycling ride. The event was voted number 1 in the 10 Best Cycling Events list made by The Independent in 2012. I... read more
British Cycling BMX Series in 2017 1133 The BMX Series will feature 12 rounds, starting with indoor BMX track then tours nationwide through the United Kingdom big cities and event key locations: Birmingham Bike Park, Cumb... read more
Tour de Yorkshire 2017 804 There will be 3 stage in the Tour de Yorkshire races that will start on 28 April and will end on 30 April. There will be one day of racing for women on Saturday. All stages, inc... read more
The Rocket Sportive 2017 876 The Rocket Sportive is a non-competitive racing bike event that will be held at Amberley Working Museum in West Sussex, on 11 February, 2017. People can submit their entries onl... read more
A popular ingredient in beauty products could be creating a new environmental threat. The potentially dangerous contaminants are known as "microbeads," and are no bigger than a grain of salt. The tiny plastics are common in face and body washes.
Scientist Marcus Eriksen says the beads soak up pesticides and chemicals after they are washed down the drain.
"By the time the plastic gets downstream towards the ocean, they become these toxic pills," they said. "Even a small microbead, as it tumbles down stream, is picking up all kinds of industrial chemicals."
Eriksen is the executive director of the environmental advocacy group, 5 Gyres, and says up to 300,000 microbeads can be found in one tube of face scrub. Eriksen believes much water treatment plants cannot filter out the tiny plastics, allowing them to flow into the ocean or waterways,where they can be mistaken for food.
"Big fish eat little fish, eventually the fish is on your dinner plate," Eriksen said. "And you're eating that fish, along with all the toxins it consumed along the way."
The Environmental Protection Agency is looking into potential dangers after Eriksen and their team uncovered high concentrations of microbeads in the Great Lakes.
"The same size, the same color, the same texture, in the same composition as the microbeads that we found [in the Great Lakes], we collected from common facial scrubbers on store shelves," Eriksen said. "They were the same color--little blue and red perfect spheres."
Several major cosmetic companies, including Procter & Gamble, Unilever, Johnson & Johnson, and Colgate-Palmolive have already pledged to phase out the use of microbeads. Johnson and Johnson's Senior Communications Director, Carol Goodrich, says the company will eliminate microbeads from half its products by the end of next year.
YOUR DAILY DYSTOPIA | 2017.09.01
Fred Chong Rutherford Blocked Unblock Follow Sep 1, 2017
Cobb County Police Lt. Greg Abbott may their job after they were caught on dashcam footage telling a woman in a traffic stop, “We only kill black people.” A lawyer for the Georgia cop said the comments from the traffic stop “must be observed in their entirety to understand their context.”
“My client was just one white supremacist talking to another white supremacist, trying to calm a tense situation by lightening the mood in a way my client thought was helpful,” said the lawyer.
— — — —
Possible head vampire and current Vice President Mike Pence visited storm-stricken Texas on Thursday and said Congress will move quickly to approve immediate assistance in the wake of massive flooding caused by Hurricane Harvey.
“No Texan should doubt about getting money from this Congress. Just like myself, President Трамп, and so many others, if there's a chance to do the bare minimum in moral decency, we'll do it, because we want to make sure we get a photo opportunity and headlines from it,” Pence said in Corpus Christi, as they tried to stay out of the sun and prevent themselves from bursting into flames.
— — — —
Donald Трамп plans to end the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals today, putting nearly a million kids in danger of deportation. DACA is an Obama administration program that allows nearly 800,000 “DREAMers,” young undocumented immigrants whose parents brought them to the U.S., to work and study legally here.
When asked why they wanted to end the program, Трамп muttered, “they won't buy my hats, they like the other guy better, I'll show them, I'll show them all, we'll get that wall built, and then you go on the other side of it, yeah, I'll show you …”
— — — —
Have you done your part today? If not, take a moment to decide what to do, how you can help, and pitch in! Maybe pitching in for you means telling me I'm dumb, go for it! Whatever it is, make your time count!
Georgia officer who said ‘We only kill black people' faces dismissal
http://www.cnn.com/2017/08/31/us/georgia-cobb-county-officer-racial-comment-trnd/index.html
Pence Pledges Government Help in Wake of Harvey's Devastation
https://www.nbcnews.com/storyline/hurricane-harvey/pence-pledges-government-help-wake-harvey-s-devastation-n797981
Tech industry fights Trump over DACA, DREAMer protection program
https://www.usatoday.com/story/tech/2017/08/31/tech-industry-prepares-new-trump-fight-over-daca-dreamer-protection-program/622897001/
— — — —
Catch up back issues of YOUR DAILY DYSTOPIA on …
Hundreds of Avoyelles Parish residents, jury summonses in hand, will begin gathering Monday morning in the parish courthouse in Marksville for the second-degree murder trial of Derrick Stafford, the first of the two former deputy city marshals charged in the fatal 2015 shooting of 6-year-old Jeremy Mardis.
The shooting, which rocked the small city, came after Stafford, 33, and fellow deputy marshal Norris Greenhouse Jr., 25, chased Mardis' father, Christopher Few, for more than two miles on the night of Nov. 3, 2015. Few, who was also shot several times, survived and is expected to testify at Stafford's trial.
But the central piece of evidence is almost certain to be graphic video from a Marksville police officer's body camera, which at least partially captured the shooting as well as the grim aftermath of the scene. At a press conference announcing the arrests of Stafford and Greenhouse three days after the shooting, State Police Superintendent Col. Mike Edmonson called the footage "the most disturbing thing I've seen."
Their comments were carried live on national television networks and spurred press coverage that went international, drawing an unprecedented degree of attention to the Avoyelles Parish city of less than 6,000 residents.
Although the shooting did not capture the same degree of national attention as other fatal police shootings in recent years — including the July killing of Alton Sterling in Baton Rouge — it still threw the community into turmoil.
Reporters for national newspapers, British tabloids and cable news networks filled rooms at the local casino's hotel and focused scrutiny on long-running political disputes, including a feud between the town's mayor and the judge in charge of the local city court that played a background role in the incident.
State District Court Judge William Bennett, who is presiding over the murder case, has so far resisted requests to move the trial to another parish because of the publicity surrounding the shooting. But they could do so if attorneys for both sides can't find enough impartial jurors from among the parish's roughly 24,000 registered voters.
Defense lawyers and prosecutors both said they anticipate jury selection to to be a lengthy process. Jurors will be sequestered throughout the trial.
Stafford's attorneys, Jonathan Goins and Christopher LaCour, said in an interview on Thursday that Edmonson's remarks and press accounts unfairly portrayed Stafford and Greenhouse as killers without considering what they contend are crucial other facts in the case.
Goins said the body camera video doesn't capture key details surrounding the incident, including what the defense alleges were Few's attempts to ram the officers with their small SUV.
According to Goins, another deputy marshal at the scene who hasn't been charged, Jason Brouillette, has told investigators they thought Few posed a threat to the officers.
Goins also said a ballistics diagram of the scene produced by the State Police suggests that the Marksville officer who captured the shooting on video, Kenneth Parnell, also fired their weapon — an allegation that contradicts Parnell's written statement to investigators and that was strongly denied by prosecutors.
"We know of no evidence to support the claim that a third officer shot," said Ruth Wisher, spokesperson for the Louisiana Attorney General's Office. "We are focused on prosecuting the cases against the two officers indicted by the Avoyelles Parish Grand Jury."
The state Attorney General's Office stepped in to handle the case because Greenhouse's father, Norris Greenhouse Sr., is a longtime prosecutor in Avoyelles Parish District Attorney Charles Riddle III's office.
Few, Mardis' father who survived the shooting, may also come under close scrutiny in the case. In court filings, Stafford's attorneys contended that tests in the hospital where Few was being treated for their wounds showed they were drunk and tested positive for amphetamines and benzodiazepines (Xanax or Valium).
But Stafford's attorneys said the prime goal would be to show that Few posed an imminent threat and that Stafford and Greenhouse acted reasonably in shooting at the car, firing at least 18 rounds combined, according to the state.
Their case may be a difficult one. Bennett, the judge in the case, said at a Sept. 28 hearing at which the body camera footage was publicly shown for the first time that Few's car "was not being used as a deadly weapon" when the officers opened fire.
"I daresay it was not even close to being used as a deadly weapon at that time," Bennett said.
Goins contrasted the case with other high-profile fatal police shootings in recent years, arguing that authorities moved far too quickly in arresting their client.
"When you look at other police shootings from around the country, there was a deliberate fact-finding mission before there was a judgment called in each case," Goins said. "Here, there was simply a rush to judgment."
The Marksville case sharply differs from most of the fatal police shootings that have become the focus of national debate and demonstrations in recent years. The young age of the victim — an autistic child who died while still strapped into their carseat — and the speed with which State Police investigators arrested the officers involved set it apart from many other cases.
The case also inverted the racial narrative of many of the most controversial shootings. The accused officers, both of whom were moonlighting at the time of the shooting for the Marksville Ward Marshal, are black. The father and son they shot were white.
Goins, Stafford's attorney, said race played an unavoidable role in the case. Officials with State Police, which investigated the shooting and arrested Stafford and Greenhouse, have strenuously denied that and said the strength of the physical evidence in the case — including the video — led them to move quickly.
The reverberations from the fatal shooting have also been felt in the town's political scene, where many residents and officials say the feud over funding for Marksville's city court helped set the stage for the shooting.
Ward Marshal Floyd Voinche Sr., whose office historically has served court paperwork and warrants, purchased two used Crown Victoria police cars and began writing tickets and patrolling the streets after tickets written by local police plunged amid a funding dispute between Marksville Mayor John Lemoine and City Court Judge Angelo Piazza III.
Both Stafford, a lieutenant at the Marksville Police Department, and Greenhouse, who also worked as an Alexandria city marshal, were moonlighting for Voinche when they began chasing Few, eventually cornering Few's car near the gates of the shuttered Marksville State Historic Site.
Voinche, a part-time school bus driver who has served in the elected position for more than a decade, said he's struggled to recruit part-time officers to work for them since the shooting.
Voinche said their part-time deputies work no more than 17 hours a month because of a state law capping their compensation at no more than Voinche's. They have full arrest powers but the marshal said they've pretty much stopped writing tickets or doing other work beyond serving warrants and papers.
Riddle, a former state lawmaker who has been the parish's district attorney for the past 15 years, said the case has exacerbated divisions in the town and stirred up anti-police sentiment in town.
Riddle said he's seen more criminal defendants in unrelated cases "trying to blame things on the police department using this as an example of why they think the police are wrong."
The hundreds of local residents summoned for jury duty this week will take the first steps toward resolving the case.
Both officers have remained free on $1 million property bonds as they've awaited their trial dates, which have been repeatedly delayed. Greenhouse, the younger of the two officers at 25, is currently scheduled to go on trial June 12.
GOG.com is a digital distribution platform that is specialized mostly in old games, but the company that owns it, CD Projekt Red, wants to also extend the support to include Linux. They are now looking for people to help them with Linux ports, although it seems that some of them will be distributed in Wine wrappers.
GOG stands for “good old games” and the company that took it upon itself to bring many titles back from the dead understood that melancholy sells. People want to play the games of their childhood, but it's possible that some of the titles might not work on current operating systems.
Getting them to work on modern OSes is not a difficult job to do, but GOG.com also wants to bring some of the games to the Linux platform, even if there wasn't a Linux version to begin with. To do this, they need some developers and they are hiring.
A GOG.com representative posted a job add on the gamingonlinux.com website, and the company is interested in getting people that can help with the Linux angle of their business. That is not a bad idea in itself, but some people might object to the way GOG and CD Projekt RED intend to make this transition.
“The Linux Tech Specialist will assist with porting games from the Windows PC environment over to Linux by creating installer scripts, debugging problems, generating masters and builds, and other elements related to making a game run on the Linux platform. Our keyword is ‘le'Tech',” reads the announcement on GOG.com.
The requirements are also quite interesting: Power user – both Linux and Windows, Gamer at heart, Knowledge of what Dosbox and Wine are, and so on.
If you read closely, you will see Wine is being mentioned. This means that the guys from GOG are planning on using Wine to make some of the old games available for Linux. Despite what people might think, this is not actually a bad thing.
The same company recently released The Witcher 2: Assassins of Kings and it became apparent that a Wine-like wrapper has been used to make the game work on Linux rather than making a native port. This got the Linux community upset, but it would not be a problem for old games.
The only reason Wine would not be recommended is the performance aspect. When users run a game through Wine, the performance takes a hit, but in old games that might not be an issue. In fact, people might even have a hard time noticing that Wine is being used.
If you feel that you have what it takes to work at GOG, make sure to give them a call.
What drives a person to make up a video game rumor and spread it around the internet? They might do it for the fame or the infamy. Maybe for a laugh. Sometimes, it's... to get a good grade on a college paper.
In early March, a Reddit user going by the name certain_ability posted a juicy thread on r/gaming, the biggest gaming community on Reddit at around 7.5 million subscribers. They said they used to work for Microsoft and wanted to spill some details, going on to claim that the folks behind Xbox had asked the independent studio Insomniac Games (Ratchet & Clank, Sunset Overdrive) to develop a reboot of the old platforming series Conker. But Insomniac had turned it down because of time concerns, certain_ability said.
“The Conker project has been pretty much canned,” they wrote. “No one wants to make it, because Microsoft wants to rush it out. I'm not sure if those other reboots will continue as planned, or if they wanna wait for someone to tackle Conker, like I said, I no longer work for Microsoft and have been out of the loop for a little while, but as is, don't hold your breath for a new Conker game.”
At the end of the post, certain_ability even included a screenshot of an e-mail exchange they said was between them and another employee:
Advertisement
Of course, the internet is full of people claiming to know things, and new video game rumors pop up on Reddit every single day. But what made this post particularly interesting was that the moderators of the r/gaming subreddit said they had corroborated that “certain_ability” was indeed a former Microsoft employee, even going so far as to stamp the post with a big red “VERIFIED” sticker.
In the comments, one r/gaming mod elaborated: “He provided us with some additional credentials (Which for privacy's sake are left out here) that verify their position.”
As of today, the “VERIFIED” tag is still there:
Advertisement
But as I would later find out, those “additional credentials” were actually just a photograph of an official-looking piece of paper with a forged signature.
It looked like this:
Advertisement
We'll get back to that in a bit.
A few hours after certain_ability wrote that Reddit post—which had already gotten a few dozen replies by then—he reached out to Kotaku, e-mailing our tips line in hopes that we'd write a story about their claims. “I can guarantee [Microsoft] was committed to rebooting Conker, as well as other Rare IPs in the future,” they wrote, going by the name Harry Mason. “If you have any questions, please email me back.”
Advertisement
So I e-mailed them back, asking who they were and how long he'd worked at Microsoft. They responded saying he'd been there for five years, and they sent over that signed piece of paper as proof.
I didn't really buy it—it'd take about ten minutes to make something like that in Microsoft Word—so I kept probing, and we exchanged e-mails for a little while.
Advertisement
The next day, the rumor hit the influential gaming message board NeoGAF—as most rumors do—and eventually got posted on a number of media outlets, too, including Engadget, Gamerant, and our friends over at Kotaku UK. Our tipster didn't get back to me with proof that they were who they said they are, so we passed on the story and moved on. (I also mentioned in the GAF thread that I'd been corresponding with this guy and didn't believe they really worked for Microsoft, which likely put some water on the rumor fire.)
It might've all ended there—yet another anonymous internet rumor goes mostly forgotten because it doesn't have a shred of truth—if Harry Mason hadn't contacted me again a month later with a curious confession.
“Hi Jason,” they wrote in an e-mail on April 10. “I spoke to you a while ago about the Conker leak I made on Reddit.
Advertisement
“If it wasn't already incredibly obvious, I made the whole thing up.”
Interesting. As it turns out, our tipster's name isn't really Harry Mason or Harold Campbell: it's Taylor Clysdale. He's a student at the University of Guelph-Humber in Ontario, Canada. And they came up with this whole plot not just to fool people but to fulfill an assignment for a media studies class. Their task: “go viral.”
“The professor said that as long as we didn't do anything illegal, we could do anything (although I'm really not sure if impersonating a fake Microsoft employee is legal or not... oh well),” Clysdale said. “I decided to use Microsoft as a good target because... well, Microsoft is a good easy target. Everyone already hates them for what they did to Rare. This comment also made them particularly easy to target, since vague, half-announcements from people who probably don't know what they're talking about seem easier to work off of.”
Advertisement
If you're not fully versed about what Microsoft “did” to Rare, it goes a bit like this: beloved British game development studio Rare spends much of the 1990s and early 2000s making great games with Nintendo including the all-time classics Donkey Kong Country and GoldenEye, gets sold by Nintendo to Microsoft, makes some weird and not-very-beloved games for Microsoft's Xbox 360, and winds up churning out motion-controlled sports games for the controversial Xbox Kinect sensor. Rare's fall from making classic games may actually have been due to internal Rare issues or to a lack of Nintendo influence, but, fairly or unfairly, some gamers simply blame Microsoft.
Clysdale went on to explain that he'd modeled their plan after two stories— the 2013 “X-Surface” rumor that set out to fool the tech press and a Reddit post from someone who claimed to have worked on Assassin's Creed III. They thought Insomniac would make for a good pretend developer given their pedigree and recent history with Microsoft.
“The Insomniac thing was just to make people think it would've turned out great if it hadn't been cancelled,” Clysdale said. “They were prime targets because of the similarities between [ Conker and] Ratchet and Clank, and because they'd already done Microsoft's Sunset Overdrive. It was a moment of sheer brilliance when I thought of Insomniac as potential developers. It was almost Epic, but I figured that would be significantly less believable.”
Advertisement
Of course, given that Clysdale had just confessed to lying in an attempt to fool the media, I was skeptical, even after they sent me a copy of the five-page paper he'd written about this whole sequence of events. So I tracked down their professor, Stuart Robertson, who told me during a brief interview yesterday that yes, this was their assignment. Laughing, Robertson said it was too bad he'd already given out grades; this Kotaku story might have bumped up Clysdale's final score by a few points.
So this part, at least, is true. In the paper, Clysdale outlines the entire scheme, starting with a theory that the world of video games is full of fake rumors ( true) and an explanation behind how he'd try to con everyone.
Clysdale writes:
I decided that Reddit was the platform that I was going to use for my project. I developed a script that sounded believable enough to be true, as well as a fake email chain from two employees that worked at Microsoft, and an internal document that claimed to be an announcement of the cancellation of the game. This document featured a forged signature of a known, but not famous, game developer who worked for Microsoft Studios. This document would not be posted in the thread, but would instead be used to successfully get the moderators on Reddit to believe that I had worked for Microsoft. On March 4th I posted the thread on Reddit. The thread received a few comments, but did not garner much traffic on the first night. In order to speed up the process, I decided to contact someone in the game's media to inform them about the Reddit post. I contacted a journalist at Kotaku, a well-known games media site, via their anonymous tip services. Unfortunately, in order to verify whether or not I was telling the truth, they needed some form of evidence that I had worked for Microsoft. I provided the document that I had created, but expectedly, the journalist did not believe me, and communications between us ended shortly afterwards. However, the next day the thread exploded with comments and upvotes. A thread had been made on NeoGaf, another forum-based website, which featured over 150 comments, as well as other threads on sites such as 4chan and Amazon. Some gaming news sites had published the story, including such notable entries as Kotaku UK, Gamerant, and Engadget. By the end of the second day the story had been shared and commented on over a thousand times, and likely seen by a thousand more.
Advertisement
Clysdale's little scheme might have not garnered as much attention as, say, the dress, or a big viral video, but it's yet another look at how easy it can be for nonsense to spread around the web like wildfire, even in today's skeptic-filled age.
They got a 90%.
You can reach the author of this post at jason@kotaku.com or on Twitter at @jasonschreier.
Advertisement
Illustration by Sam Woolley.
This month marks 5 years since Dell closed their factory in Limerick, resulting in Limerick becoming the biggest unemployment blackspot in the country, with twice the national rate of unemployment. Below we publish a Socialist Party leaflet published at the time. This month marks 5 years since Dell closed their factory in Limerick, resulting in Limerick becoming the biggest unemployment blackspot in the country, with twice the national rate of unemployment. Below we publish a Socialist Party leaflet published at the time. PDF of Leaflet Here
Put workers' livelihoods before super-profits
SAVE ALL JOBS AT DELL
“This is not about a company that's in trouble. This is about greed, corporate greed. They're going to Poland because apparently they can make an extra 3%”
– Sacked Dell Worker (quoted in Associated Press)
Like a vulture, having ripped profit out of its workers in Limerick, Dell now wants to go exploit workers elsewhere. Dell must not be allowed get away with this robbery. This Government can't be trusted to do anything to stop this crisis. Workers in Dell and throughout the Mid West must act to defend the 10,000 jobs at stake.
We Say:
There is no justification for Dell's axing of jobs and relocation to Poland Workers in Dell and throughout Limerick must get organized to demand dell reverse it's decision
Workers should occupy the factory to ensure that no equipment or resources are removed by management
If dell wont reverse its decision workers and unions must demand that the government take the plant, all equipment and assets in democratic public
ownership to safeguard all jobs
The nationalisation of Dell should be the start of a plan to develop a viable industrial base in which working people must have the decisive input and control to ensure that the economy is geared to the interests of the majority rather than the profits of the few
Dell's greed – the problem
Dell's plan to sack 1,900 of their workers this year is disgusting. Latest figures show Dell was making up to €130 million profit a year in Ireland alone and internationally made $727m in profits last year. Now Dell is moving to Poland because it can pay workers there €3 an hour.
Over the 18 years that Dell has been in Limerick they made billions in profits off the backs of their workers, yet now they are shafting these very workers. Michael Dell's personal wealth is over $17billion. Clearly they and the management are using the recession as an excuse to get out, but the reality is no one is claiming Dell is in crisis. To avail of low tax rates they may for a time keep jobs in Limerick and Dublin, but it is likely a substantial part of the remaining 2,000 plus jobs will also be axed.
The knock on loss of jobs is expected to start in the days ahead. If 10,000 jobs are lost Limerick and the Mid West will be in an economic depression and turned into a “Ghosttown” of mass unemployment, all at the whim of Michael Dell!
The blow for those losing their jobs will be devastating. In some cases there are families where both parents could lose their job. Undoubtedly some with mortgages and loans will face eviction or repossession.
With unemployment spiralling out of control, official estimates now say another 240,000 will join the current live register of over 290,000 by 2010, if these jobs are allowed to be destroted, Limerick and the Mid West may never recover. For our future we must fight to save these jobs.
Government complicit in sell-out and failure
The government will bend over backwards to facilitate Dell in the hollow hope that it will retain some jobs. They have given them billions through low tax, over €75 million in grants and premises. Speaking to the Independent Brian Lenihan said they “understood that Dell had to look after its own interests”.
Instead of acting themselves, they built an economy that relied on foreign capitalists and a property bubble. Now in a recession, setting up Task Forces or searching for some new capitalist “carpet bagger” is likely to be in vain.
The strategy of relying on multinational companies to develop an industrial base and the economy has been a failure. After creaming off billions in profits from Irish workers, these companies are free to pack up and move to lower wages countries and more are preparing to go.
Workers must fight back
Whilst many may be shocked by Dell's actions and feel unable to stop it, it is crucial that this attack is resisted. If we don't fight, we lose but a strong struggle can win. The workers in Dell and through out Limerick must now meet and get organised to take action to force Dell to stay or the Government to intervene to defend the jobs. In this they must be supported by the unions and ICTU.
What sense does it make to allow the destruction of at least 10,000 and have to pay dole to such numbers? If Dell doesn't keep the factory open, the plants and all machinery and assets should be taken into democratic public ownership.
The nationalisation of Dell could be the start of a state led drive to developed a proper, viable industrial base, run with the democratic involvement and control of working people, to satisfy the needs of the majority, not the profits of the few. Such a policy is now essential as the reliance on private capitalists is going to lead to devastation.
Market and Government failure
After years of being told that big business and the capitalist market would provide a bright future and quality of life for all, now we are being told that the system can't afford to provide us proper wages, jobs and public services.
The Socialist Party supports workers in fighting back against these attacks and we stand for the rational and democratic use of the wealth and resources in the interest of the majority of ordinary working people and their families. We are fighting to turn the trade unions into fighting organisations for workers rights and stand for theestablishment of a new mass party to represent working people. Join us in this fight!
Volkswagen is about to stop making the Eos convertible due to weak demand, but some people have a soft spot for the only convertible hardtop made by this German company. Project Eos R36 predictably belongs to a hardcore VW fan, who wanted something entirely original.The base car is a pre-facelift Eos model, not the most exciting car in the world. Fortunately, both the Eos and the Scirocco are based on the same PQ35 platform, so the skin graft wasn't that complicated. Changes started with the front and included an aftermarket Scirocco bumper, a stock hood, grille and headlights.Fender flares were sculpted out of metal by a company called KTS Karosserietechnik, who probably had to work long hours to get the car ready for Worthersee. At the back, they installed a new bumper with exhaust tips that come out in the center. We believe that piece comes from the Golf 6 R, while the pipes themselves are made by HG-Motorsport.Custom air suspension from AccuAir was installed, together with copper-colored alloy wheels from Vossen. The same color is used for the piping that was added to the borders of the leather seats.We don't know precisely where the engine came from, but the R36 is a V6 FSI mill that is mostly associated with the Passat B6 saloon. One of these bad boys puts out about 300 horsepower and is a snug fit under the new bonnet of the Eos.
Construction got officially underway Jan. 24 on Bulfinch Crossing, the 2.9 million-square-foot, six-building redevelopment of much of downtown Boston's Government Center Garage.
Work on the project, which is one of the biggest developments in the Boston region, has actually been ongoing for months; but the development team of National Real Estate Advisers and the HYM Investment Group wanted to make it official nonetheless.
Construction is supposed to wrap by September 2019.
When completed, Bulfinch Crossing is expected to include 812 residential units; 196 hotel rooms; 1.15 million square feet of office space; and 85,000 square feet of retail. It will also include around 1,100 parking spaces for residents and the public; and a one-acre "rooftop amenity," according to a release from the developers.
The first building to go up will be a 45-story, 486-unit apartment building on New Sudbury Street. A 43-story, 1 million-square-foot office building called One Congress will go up next on New Chardon Street as will a 28-story building on Congress Street with either apartments or condos (the market will likely decide).
CBT Architects and Pelli Clarke Pelli are designing the complex. Bulfinch Crossing will be 528 feet at its highest point.
And, to give some perspective of the scope, 200 Clarendon (a.k.a. the Hancock) is about 2 million square feet and the Pru is about 1.2 million. Below are renderings of the project, courtesy of HYM Investment.
By Natalia Castro
Ever since Hillary Clinton called Trump supporters “deplorables”, the left has decided President Donald Trump can be described as nothing else besides ignorant, egotistical, unqualified, divisive and racist. Their name has been dragged through negativity until real tragedy struck our country. In the aftermath of Hurricane Harvey, Houston's devastation has put Trump's leadership on full display, a side even liberal cannot deny must be described as compassionate, helpful, and Presidential.
The only thing liberals could find themselves complaining about were the high heel shoes Melania Trump wore when getting on Air Force One to Houston. Even liberal leaning late-night comedy, “The Daily Show” Trevor Noah, who has been extremely critical of Trump, blasted the left for their hypocrisy, saying “I don't know why anyone should care what anyone wears when they're on their way to help people.”
 They are absolutely right and has silenced the left's attacks on Trump's character.
Trump has now taken two visits to Texas following the storm. On the first, Trump surveyed the scene where the storm made landfall, on the second, they met with those in need in Houston and Louisiana.
Politico reported this week that Trump's visit was accompanied by the First Lady, Department of Housing and Urban Development Secretary Ben Carson and Texas Republican Governor Greg Abbott. While the President discussed serious political business with the Texas congressional delegation to begin rebuilding the city of Houston, their main role was as the “emphasizer in chief”.
President Trump met Americans with open arms affected by the tragedy regardless of race, religion, or political affiliation; wrecking the narrative of an unhelpful and unsympathetic or racist leader. Despite criticism from the left, Trump has now spent their days handing out food at a relief center and assuring Texans that more help was coming.
The Trump administration has made a comprehensive and collaborative effort to ensure the people of Texas are supported. Washington Examiner's Jed Babbin explains, “Trump's declaration of a national emergency — assuring arrival of federal forces and National Guard troops from other states as well as federal disaster relief — combined with Trump's visit to Texas were positively presidential. The presence of Vice President Pence and Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao in Texas for long visits assured Texans that needed relief was on the way. The Marines and Navy landed quickly to help rescue trapped Texans and deliver them to disaster relief areas.”
Moved by the destruction in Houston, Trump even donated $1 million in personal funds to Harvey relief. Since the left needs some reason to complain, a tech billionaire decided to try to one up Trump and donate a few million more to Harvey relief, while some complain that Trump did not give enough, it is clear they are spurring a movement for Americans to help each other, as donations to the American Red Cross soar in this time of need.
Trump is not only giving from their own pocket. As Congress fights ideological battles over taxes and health care, Trump and their administration have taken a stand to reconstruct Texas and also to help prepare the people of Florida for Hurricane Irma now on the horizon as well. The political questions were punted to December in the debt ceiling and continuing resolution, resetting the clock, and focusing on what's important: Houston is underwater and Florida is bracing for devastation.
With the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) running out of money just a week before Irma was expected to hit Florida, the immediately available funds for disaster relief was expected to run out just as the second hurricane hit land.
In a strong proactive approach, Trump has requested $7.85 billion in additional funds for FEMA.
No matter how hard the left tries to spin this into another Katrina, the President has proven they were and continues to be prepared and capable of leading. Trump's strong emotional and practical response to Harvey and Irma — even putting their political agenda on temporary hold to deal with the emergency — is a clear indication that no matter what the political left tries to put them through, they will always put the American people first.
Natalia Castro is a contributing editor for Americans for Limited Government.
California Democrats lose power of supermajority Major concessions possible after loss of supermajority
State Sen. Roderick Wright, D-Inglewood (Los Angeles County), is on leave awaiting a judge to validate a conviction. State Sen. Roderick Wright, D-Inglewood (Los Angeles County), is on leave awaiting a judge to validate a conviction. Photo: Rich Pedroncelli, Associated Press Photo: Rich Pedroncelli, Associated Press Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close California Democrats lose power of supermajority 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
Sacramento --
- In the days last year after California Democrats secured a supermajority - a voting bloc that lets their party pass taxes or bonds - many pondered how that new political muscle would be used.
Now it's a question of what Democrats will do without it.
Democrats lost their supermajority in the state Senate on Sunday after a Los Angeles County Democrat took a paid leave to fight legal troubles, the second to do so.
Political strategists say critical concessions may be needed from Democrats to pass a palatable water bond or approve a rainy-day fund, both of which would need a two-thirds majority vote to be placed on the November ballot.
"I'm not saying the Democrats won't get what they want. I am saying they will have to pay a price in terms of concessions that they previously didn't have to pay," said Larry Gerston, a public policy professor at San Jose State University. "They have been spoiled."
Sen. Ron Calderon, D-Montebello (Los Angeles County), announced Sunday they will take a paid leave of absence to fight federal political corruption charges stemming from an FBI investigation into bribery. Calderon pleaded not guilty and is out on bail.
Wright's paid leave
Calderon's departure came days after state Sen. Roderick Wright, D-Inglewood (Los Angeles County), announced they will take a paid leave while waiting for a trial judge to validate a felony conviction for lying about where they lived to run for office.
A jury found Wright guilty of eight felony counts of voter fraud and perjury in January, but they are asking the judge to toss out the convictions because of ambiguity about the definition of residency.
Calderon and Wright, both moderate Democrats who did not always vote with their party, will continue to receive their $95,000 salary.
Some Republican state senators are calling for Wright and Calderon to be permanently expelled from the upper house, arguing that a suspension allows for political manipulation.
"There's nothing prohibiting them from returning at will and voting," said Sen. Joel Anderson, R-Alpine (San Diego County). "And that's the problem."
Senate President Pro Tem Darrell Steinberg, D-Sacramento, said the idea that the suspended members would be brought back for pivotal votes is "insulting."
"The supermajority is important," Steinberg said, "but not nearly as important as the Senate itself."
Senate Republican Leader Bob Huff of Diamond Bar (Los Angeles County) said Democrats have used their supermajority powers only a handful of times.
"They were looking to use it more," Huff said.
Amending Constitution
Senate Democrats used their two-thirds power in January to pass a controversial measure that would allow voters to overturn the state's 18-year ban on considering race and gender during admissions and hiring at public universities and schools.
The state Senate passed the proposed constitutional amendment with the bare minimum of votes - 27 - and now it heads to the Assembly, which has held on to its two-thirds power.
GOP strategist Rob Stutzman doesn't see the loss of the supermajority as critical.
"I don't think it matters," they said. "I could see potentially some matters coming before the Senate where it may be a factor. ... But it's not like Calderon or Wright were automatic votes for taxes and fees."
Stutzman said competing interests on the previously stalled water bond tend to be "more regional politics than partisan politics."
Billboard just announced the finalists for their 2012 Billboard Music Awards, and several country acts were included in the prestigious list of nominees. The winners will be officially announced at the awards show Sunday, May 20 at Las Vegas' MGM Grand and will be accompanied by a live telecast on ABC at 8PM ET.
Among the finalists were country-specific names like Taylor Swift , Lady Antebellum , Scotty McCreery , Jason Aldean , Zac Brown Band and Blake Shelton . Swift is up for Top Touring Artist alongside other musical greats like Bon Jovi and U2 , as well as Top Country Artist. Lady A received nomination in several categories as well -- including one for Top Duo/Group and another for Top Country Artist.
'Idol' winner McCreery has really risen to the top, landing a 2012 Billboard Music Awards nomination for Top New Artist against the likes of other genre runners Foster the People , Bad Meets Evil , Big Sean and Wiz Khalifa . He's also up for Top Country Album in their own genre. Other artists looking at potential nods for Top Country Artist this year includes Jason Aldean, Zac Brown Band and Blake Shelton, as well as Swift.
The Billboard Music Awards are based on chart rankings and fan interactions with an artist's music, including album sales and downloads, radio airplay, track downloads and touring, in addition to streaming and social networking across social sites like Facebook, Twitter, Spotify and others. Data is tracked by Billboard, Nielsen Entertainment and Next Big Sound, and this year's awards will be based on all activity between March 1, 2011 and February 29, 2012.
Carrie Underwood will be taking the stage at this year's awards to perform from their record 'Blown Away,' which will drop May 1, just a few weeks before the awards show.
Nominees for 2012 Billboard Music Awards:
Top New Artist:
Bad Meets Evil
Big Sean
Foster The People
Scotty McCreery
Wiz Khalifa
Fans of “The Big Lebowski” have for years hoped that the Dude would find their way back to the big screen, but in a new interview with Variety, directors Joel and Ethan Coen definitively shot down the possibility of a sequel to the 1998 cult classic.
“Tara Reid likes to announce that just like [George] Clooney likes to announce ‘Hail, Caesar!,” Joel Coen said in this week's Variety cover story, referencing how Clooney pushed them to write their latest script by telling the press that it was their next project. “In this case, I don't think we'll oblige.”
They also couldn't envision a spin-off of John Turturro's Jesus character, an idea that the actor had tried to float to reporters in the past.
“No,” Ethan said.
In fact, there's only one story from their storied catalogue that could get a second installment. “We're going to do a ‘Barton Fink' sequel at some point,” Ethan explained, citing the 1991 Palme d'Or winner about a 1960s playwright who moves to Hollywood. “It's going to be Turturro in Berkeley in the '60s.”
Added Joel: “That's the one movie that we thought deserved a sequel, called ‘Old Fink.' But we don't want to do it until Turturro is quite old. He's getting there.”
Image copyright Reuters Image caption The watchdog warns about inconsistency in helping schools to improve
There are 1.6 million pupils in England who are still not getting a good education but there is a failure to deal with under-performing schools, a spending watchdog has said.
A report from the National Audit Office said there was a lack of consistency in tackling under-performance.
Margaret Hodge, chair of the Public Accounts Committee, said they were "appalled" at the lack of progress.
The Department for Education said schools "have been transformed".
A DFE spokesperson said the report's conclusions were "not supported by the facts" as the proportion of schools rated by Ofsted as good or outstanding had risen from 68% to 81% since August 2010.
Head teachers also argued that the watchdog's report was painting an excessively "bleak picture" of school standards.
Inspecting trusts
The National Audit Office has warned that despite £382m being spent each year on monitoring schools and interventions, there are weaknesses in efforts to raise standards.
In particular it raised questions about how much the Department for Education knows about problems at school level, in a system with increasing autonomy for individual schools and academy chains.
"Some academy sponsors are very successful, but the department does not yet know why others are not," said the National Audit Office.
It drew attention to concerns, voiced by Ofsted chief inspector Sir Michael Wilshaw, that the watchdog cannot inspect academy trusts.
"Ofsted is unable to inspect sponsors and multi-academy trusts so there is no independent source of information about the quality of their work," said the spending watchdog.
Concerns over the oversight of academies emerged in the wake of the Trojan Horse scandal in Birmingham - and the report warned of a lack of checks on governors to "prevent risks such as entryism" - where a group of like-minded individuals infiltrate an organisation aiming to take it over.
"Greater school autonomy needs to be coupled with effective oversight and assurance. The department has made some improvements but has further to go," said Amyas Morse, head of the National Audit Office.
"There are significant gaps in the department's understanding of what works," they said.
'Red tape'
The report highlighted the 1.6 million pupils in schools which have inspection grades of either "inadequate" or "requires improvement".
Mrs Hodge said the figures from the spending watchdog showed it is "hard to see how formal interventions make any difference", with 52% of schools not improving Ofsted grades after intervention and 59% improving without any intervention.
They said it was a "sorry state of affairs when the department has to rely on whistleblowers to spot declines in school performance".
But head teachers rejected the findings.
"The reality is nowhere like the bleak picture painted somewhat dramatically today," said Malcolm Trobe of the Association of School and College Leaders.
"The evidence from Ofsted is that schools are improving year on year," they said.
'Huge progress'
David Simmonds, chairperson of the Local Government Association's children and young people board, said councils needed to be freed from the "red tape" that delayed their intervention.
"Councils want to intervene more quickly, but decades of giving schools "greater freedom" and "protecting" them from council interference means that local authorities now have very indirect and bureaucratic ways to tackle poor performance and improve schools."
Christine Blower, head of the National Union of Teachers, said the findings were a "damning verdict on a government obsessed with change for change's sake and poor on accountability".
Labour's shadow education secretary Tristram Hunt said the report was an "utterly damning account" of the government's failure in education.
"It makes clear that the government has no plan for tackling poor standards and simply does not know who is responsible for overseeing schools and the safeguarding of children."
But a Department for Education spokesperson said "huge progress" had been achieved in improving schools.
"England's schools have been transformed over the past few years with 800,000 more children now being taught in good or outstanding schools since 2010.
"This is a great achievement but we would be the first to admit that the job is not yet done.
"Any child being taught in a failing school is an opportunity lost, which is why we have intervened in more than 1,000 failing schools over the past four years - pairing them up with excellent sponsors to give pupils the best chance of receiving an excellent education."
N
ew York, I want to tell you a story — about a kid who grew up in the Midwest, in a town called Kalamazoo. Quiet, unsure and at times a little intimidated. A homebody at heart. About a kid with a dream who moved to a big city — to the big city. A kid who was just trying to keep up with everyone else.
A lot was asked of that kid. And I always respected the challenge to prove myself each and every day. The lights were always bright. The pace was always fast. The stakes were always high, and the expectations higher. And in those difficult moments — those moments that feel unique to New York — you always showed me a sign.
All I had to do was look: It was a little girl's tip of their cap, or a shout from across the street, or a rallying chant from the upper decks of Yankee Stadium that made its way down to the field. Or the support from teammates who taught me about the spirit of this city: That we're all in this together, and we have to look out for one another.
New York, I'll never forget how you looked out for me.
And throughout 20 years in pinstripes, I learned that despite the pace and the pressure, one code truly makes this city go: Get up each day, put on your uniform, go to work, do your best, and don't make excuses.
That's all New York ever really asks for.
And that's what I tried to do.
Thank you, New York, for asking a lot of me. For challenging me. For giving this kid a place to grow up. I wasn't born a New Yorker — you asked me to earn it. I wasn't born a Yankee, but you made me into one.
Everyone comes to this city with dreams of being No. 1. You showed me that being No. 2 was more than enough.
Today I'm no longer that kid. I've hung up my uniform, and I know this much for a fact: I wouldn't be the person I am today without you. Because the truth is, no matter where you go in the world, when a place feels like home, as New York does to me, you never really leave.
It will always be with you.
Knoji reviews products and up-and-coming brands we think you'll love. In certain cases, we may receive a commission from brands mentioned in our guides. Learn more.
The wind does blow whether coastal or inland and affects the play of golfers, perhaps more mentally than physically. Winds are an element that all must face and learn to deal with. Here are a few considerations that might help the golfer “turn the wind around.”
Downwind: When the wind blows from behind the golfer, the golfer might find advantage in playing a three or four wood off the tee. With more loft, the shot will carry further with more control. Starting from an original Athletic Readiness condition, widen the stance slightly by moving the trailing (right for right-handers). The ball should be in front of your forward cheek. Take less club in approach shot iron play, and within reason increase the pace of the swing. The ball should stop better on greens.
Wind Against: When the wind blows from in front (into the golfer's face), the golfer should swing a little easier concentrating of making solid contact instead of overpowering the wind which cannot be done. Tee the ball high on tee shots, rather than low: making a shallower sweeping attack is the key. Set up with more weight on forward side by widening the forward foot slightly from an original Athletic Readiness condition. On iron shots adjust the shoulders so that the rear shoulder is higher than normal and the forward shoulder is lower (let's say, strive for level shoulders). Take at least one more club on regular iron shots. Do not be ashamed to take three or four more, depending upon the force of the wind. The ball should always be played from in front of the lead cheek, even on punch shots from an open stance.
Crosswinds: These are winds that blow against the back or against the chest. Let's call a wind that pushes you backward a draw wind and one that pushes you forward a fade wind. Consider both winds as a wall. Establish weight carefully for stability, leaning ever so slightly into the wall. Hit the ball into the wall for control. The golfer should plan to let the wind move the ball, aiming more left or right and let the winds play with it. Slices or hooks hit into a wall of wind will double the effect. The big concern on approach shots is to guard against missing the green on the side the pin is on.
Key thoughts: (1) The wind cannot be overpowered. (2) Solidness of contact is more important than trying to generate clubhead speed.
With a little thought and practice the golfer might find playing in the wind to be fun.
Global tech companies are connecting to the power of mindfulness and meditation to drive sustainability and happiness
Why on earth are many of the world's most powerful technology companies, including Google, showing a special interest in an 87-year-old Vietnamese Zen Buddhist monk?
The answer is that all of them are interested in understanding how the teachings of Thich Nhat Hanh, or Thay as they are known to their hundreds of thousands of followers around the world, can help their organisations to become more compassionate and effective.
In a sign that the practice of mindfulness is entering the mainstream, Thay has been invited later this month to run a full day's training session at Google's main campus in California.
Thay, who has sold over 2m books in America alone, is also meeting more than 20 CEOs of other major US-based technology companies in Silicon Valley, to offer their wisdom on the art of living in the present moment.
They plan to discuss with them how they can develop a deep understanding of the inter-connectedness and inter-dependence of all life and offer practical tools to better integrate mindfulness in their daily work, in the products they design, and in the vision they have for how technology can change the world. The event will end with the practice of walking meditation.
The work of Thay has been acknowledged by several global leaders over the past 50 years. Current World Bank president Jim Yong Kim has said their practice is one "in which one can be deeply passionate and compassionate toward those who are suffering," while Martin Luther King nominated them for the Nobel peace prize in 1967 for their work in seeking to end the Vietnam war.
King said that conferring the award "would re-awaken men to the teaching of beauty and love found in peace. It would help to revive hopes for a new order of justice and harmony."
Despite their advancing years, Thay, who was ordained 71 years ago, is currently in the middle of a punishing three month tour of North America, immediately after a similar period running retreats across Asia.
Their network of monks and nuns represents the world's fastest growing monastic order and their week-long retreats in upstate Toronto, New York, Mississippi and California, each with a capacity of more than 1,000 people, have sold out in a matter of days.
Our voracious economic system
Thay, who warns that civilisation is at risk of collapse from the environmental and social damage caused by the voraciousness of our economic system, offers an alternative vision that focuses on true happiness, which they believe we have sacrificed on the altar of materialism.
Their teaching is based on transforming our suffering by letting go of the scars of the past as well as worries about the future, via meditation and mindful living.
Pointing to our addiction to consumption as a clear sign we are trying to paper over our suffering, Thay suggests we should go in the opposite direction, to the very heart of our pain, in order to transcend it.
They believe that for business to play a role in slowing the runaway train of capitalism, corporate leaders need to recognise they have made a fundamental error in their narrow-minded belief that profit on its own equates to success.
Business needs a fundamental shift in consciousness
For that to happen, the corporate world needs to undergo a fundamental shift in consciousness by recognising the importance of integrating spiritual principles into its daily life.
In an interview with the Guardian at the end of their retreat last week in the Catskill Mountains on the art of suffering, Thay said: "You have to consider your idea of happiness. You think it is possible only if you win, if you are on the top.
"But it is not necessarily like that, because even if you are successful in making more money, you still suffer. You compete because you're not happy and meditation can help you to suffer less.
"Many of us think you can only be happy when you leave other people behind; you are number one. You do not need to be number one to be happy.
"There must be a spiritual dimension in your life and in your business, otherwise you cannot deal with the suffering caused by your work or your daily life."
Meetings with Martin Luther King
Recalling their meetings with King, which were pivotal in the the decison of the civil rights leader to come out against the Vietnam war, Thay said President Obama missed out a key ingredient when they last week celebrated the 50th anniversary of the landmark 'I have a dream' speech.
"When President Obama said let freedom ring, they are talking about the kind of freedom coming from outside; political and social freedom, but even if you have a lot of freedom to organise, to say things, to write, you can still suffer a lot as you don't have the freedom inside – from your anger and fear," says Thay.
Central to King's vision was the development of the Beloved Community and Thay has concentrated their energy on building more than a thousand 'sanghas' of lay practitioners around the world.
But is it possible for business leaders to create transformation through the building of a community ethos within their companies?
Credit: Thich Nhat Hanh Calligraphy
Mindfulness and meditation in the workplace
Thay believes that bringing mindfulness and meditation into corporations will help them to turn away from their destructive ways and recognise the inter-dependence of all life.
"Meditation practice can help business to suffer less," they say. "That
is good already because if your employees are happy, your business can improve.
"If your business is causing environmental problems, then because you have practiced meditation you may have an idea of how to conduct your business in such a way that you will harm nature less.
"Meditation can calm your suffering and give you more insight and more right view on yourself and on the world and if you have a collective wisdom, then naturally you will want to handle and conduct your business in such a way that will make the world suffer less."
Bringing mindfulness into the workplace can also help prevent employees from becoming overwhelmed by their work, according to Thay, but business leaders need to lead by example.
Business leaders need to take care of themselves
While many senior executives are starting to speak out about the importance of sustainability, Thay says few connect this to the internal culture of the organisations they run.
"If they [business leader] spends all the time taking care of the corporation, they do not have time for themselves or their family, but it is important to recognise that the business will profit if they are more calm, more loving, more compassionate and understanding," they say.
Partly to blame is the increasing speed and reach of computers, which makes it increasingly hard to find time to reflect and be inspired.
The power of aimlessness
Thay talks of the importance of developing the art of aimlessness, rather than the non-stop creation of more projects.
"People believe that happiness is in the future and the point of aimlessness is to stop running and find happiness in the here and the now," they say.
"True happiness cannot be without peace. If you continue to run, how can you have peace and you run in your dreams also. That is our civilisation.
"We have to reverse this trend. We have to go back to ourselves, to our beloved ones, to nature, because electronic devices help us to run away from ourselves. We lose ourselves in the internet, business, projects and we have no time to be with ourselves. We do not have the time to take care of our beloved ones and do not allow Mother Earth to heal us. We are running away from self, family and nature."
While most business leaders find it difficult to talk openly about the pressures they face, there are high profile examples of executives who share Thay's concerns.
Erin Callan, the former chief financial officer of Lehman Brothers, who resigned months before the bank's bankruptcy, put their head above the parapet earlier this year to write about how work had completely consumed them
"When I left my job, it devastated me," they wrote in the New York Times. "I couldn't just rally and move on. I did not know how to value who I was versus what I did.
"When I wasn't catching up on work, I spent my weekends recharging my batteries for the coming week. Work always came first, before my family, friends and marriage — which ended just a few years later."
Credit: Thich Nhat Hanh Calligraphy
Dualistic nature of technology
While Thay worries about the destructive force of technology, they recognise its dualistic nature and therefore its power also to do good.
This is why they will call on the technology CEOs they meet to concentrate on developing apps and other devices that can help bring people back into balance.
"We need to have an awakening and when I talk to Google and the other companies, I will tell them to use their intelligence and goodwill to help us create the kind of instruments to come back to ourselves, heal ourselves," they say. "We do not have to reject or throw away all these devices but can make good use of them."
They talk of developing apps that can help people to calm their anger when it arises and refers to a watch they designed, on which every hour is marked by the word 'now,' rather than a number.
Google has asked the Buddhist monk to talk on the subject of intention, innovation and insight, which they say can all benefit from the practice of mindfulness.
Thay was invited to visit Google in 2011 and since then mindfulness practices have blossomed at the technology giant, including a growing number of people taking part in its formal mindfulness training programme, 'Search Inside Yourself.' Meditation rooms have also been created within many of the company's offices.
They say: "Staff at Google want to know how to transform their suffering just like all other living beings.
"Many of them are very young and intelligent so they can understand the teaching and practice well and can spread this and they have the means to do that.
"It will help for them to know that everyone has the wish to do good because all of us have Buddha nature. When you look at the path which is not noble, you can see the other path. So looking into suffering you see the way of happiness; that is the teaching of the four noble truths and you do not need to be Buddhist to understand that.
"Our society needs a collective awakening in order to save ourselves from the crisis we are in. So the practice is that awakening should take place in every step, every breath. And if you have awakening you know you have a path of happiness. You stop suffering and then you can help other people to do the same."
Thich Nhat Hanh's tour of North America includes public talks in New York, Boston and Pasadena. There is also a four-month exhibition of their calligraphy hosted by Blue Cliff Monastery and New York's famous design store ABC Home
Team NINJA has just unveiled new details for Ninja Gaiden Sigma 2 Plus, the highly anticipated sequel to its PlayStation Vita launch title which is set for a 1st March 2013 release across Europe. Today, I would like to share some of the new features we have included in the PlayStation Vita version.
Stunning graphics, new modes, more blood…
Ninja Gaiden Sigma 2 Plus brings the most intense, action-packed ninja adventure to PS Vita with stunning graphics, new modes, and plenty of blood. In the game, iconic super ninja Ryu Hayabusa returns to the Sigma series to prevent the resurrection of the evil Archfiend by hunting down the Demon Statue stolen by the wicked Black Spider Ninja Clan.
Players will battle from Tokyo to New York as Ryu encounters vicious enemies while building an awesome arsenal of ninja weaponry. The action lights up the Vita's OLED screen with upgraded graphics and the game features an all-star cast featuring signature characters from previous installments.
An intuitive control system uses the front and rear touch screens and motion controls of the PS Vita to give players full control and the powerful “Hero” play style automatically engages when the player is low on health.
Ninja Race
In the all new “Ninja Race” mode, a slow ninja is a dead ninja as players race through dynamic courses to beat the clock. After choosing a character, level, and costume, players can strategically choose to dash through the course or viciously kill as many enemies as possible to earn boosts and points.
The mode's Combo Kill counter increases as foes are dispatched in sequence – the higher the counter, the more damage is dealt as long as the gauge stays filled. Three special essences, exclusive to the Ninja Race mode, boost the player's chance of a successful mission: Green Essence adds time to the clock, White Essence boosts the Combo Kill counter for added damage, and Purple Essence grants Ninja Speed.
Tag Missions
“Tag Missions” provides an exciting new way to combine the complementary strengths of any two characters. Players can switch between team members in real time as they try to complete challenges, with the other team member under AI control.
With each fighter having different strengths and weaknesses, players can strategically tag back and forth when facing different opponents and situations by pressing down on the directional pad.
Weapon upgrades
Ryu Hayabusa's attacks can be enhanced with powerful weapons including “Emma's Fang”, a massive sword that can decimate foes with slow but powerful swings. Legendary tales say the fearsome blade grows even stronger when it becomes bloodied. Worn on the hands and feet, “Falcon's Talons” can quickly cut enemies to pieces with special attacks including the Izuna Drop and the sliding, leg-cutting Thunderous Attack. Steel-reinforced hardwood “Tonfas”, which can be swung from both hands to brutally crush enemies with their special Heavenly Justice combo, provide another option for mass destruction.
More costumes
Last but not least, those who pre-order Ninja Gaiden Sigma 2 Plus will receive DLC including unique, limited edition costumes for the female warriors Ayane, Rachel, and Momiji. Ranging from Ayane's light armor to Rachel's seductively spiky dress revealing their demon blood, the costumes are designed for both action and style.
That's all for now. Check out the new trailer below and if you have any questions, please ask away!
Got a scoop request? An anonymous tip you're dying to share? Send any/all of the above to askausiello@tvline.com
Question: Any word on what Laurel made Oliver promise them right before they died on Arrow? Was it something for them to do or not do? —Kia
Ausiello: Look at Kia kicking off the first new AA in more than a month with a sensational Q! Here's your answer, straight from showrunner Wendy Mericle. “It is both actually, and you'll find out what it was in [the Oct. 5 premiere],” teases the EP, who adds that the reveal will “inform a lot of Season 5.”
Question: Safe to say we'll see Colton Haynes' Roy back on Arrow this season? —Jen
Ausiello: It's actually not safe to say. Mericle tells us that Haynes — who's currently shooting an arc on Fox's Scream Queens — is not currently set to return. The key word there being currently. “We would have Roy back in a heartbeat,” they say. “If the right circumstances come up and the right storyline presents itself, absolutely.”
Question: I'm starting to feel NCIS withdrawals kicking in, so I would love any scoop you can share. —Michelle
Ausiello: I can report that Duane Henry won't make their series regular debut as MI6 officer Clayton Reeves until the fifth episode of Season 14, which kicks off Sept. 20. (Speaking to the few who carped about their English accent during their end-of-Season 12 debuts, Henry advises, “You just have to slow your ears down a bit,” before adding very playfully: “We invented this bloody language, so leave me alone!”) Emily Wickersham meanwhile is happy to have new series regular Jennifer Esposito with them up in the big orange room, whereas Pauley Perrette's Abby is almost exclusively stationed in the lab. “To have another girl around every day is fantastic,” Bishop's portrayer reports. “The squad room dynamics are totally different. It's awesome.”
Question: I got weirdly excited when I read that Sarah Salvatore is coming back to The Vampire Diaries. Any idea what brings them back to Mystic Falls? –Chris
Ausiello: That's a good question, Chris. So good, in fact, that we posed it to executive producer Julie Plec, who offered this cryptic response: “It's actually a mystery what brings them back. It's seemingly disconnected to everything, and yet when we realize the what, we understand that it's tied into exactly what the villain is attempting to do.” I'm curious to hear how you interpret that — once you've re-read it a few times, of course.
Question: Tell me Snart isn't really dead on Legends of Tomorrow! Tell me there is some way to get them back! —Paige
Ausiello: The Leonard Snart that traveled with the team in Season 1 very much perished as a hero. But as you know by now, some version of Captain Cold belongs to the Legion of Doom that is set to vex the Legends this fall. As such, you can count on some double takes. “I'm very excited to see Rory meet whatever incarnation of Leonard Snart we might choose,” says showrunner Phil Klemmer. “It will be a chance to watch our barely reformed arsonist threaten to backslide.”
Question: Obviously I would love everything you know about Hawaii Five-0 Episode 150, but I'm curious about the after too. Will that ep change something? What can of worms will it open? —Lisa
Ausiello: “It's really a mythology episode,” showrunner Peter M. Lenkov told Matt Mitovich, seeing as it deals with McGarrett's mother Doris (played by the returning Christine Lahti) and Wo Fat's father, as well as their on-and-off relationship with Catherine (Michelle Borth). “It will tie up some loose ends,” says the EP, “and spark a new storyline in the episode that follows.”
Question: I just watched your Comic-Con interview with The Walking Dead cast. I loved it. And I especially loved your t-shirt. Could you please let me know where I can get one please? —Pixie
Ausiello: You mean the one Norman Reedus was so enamored with they gave me $20 for it? The in-demand tee can be purchased here. Tell them you're an Aushole and then luxuriate in the awkward silence that follows.
Question: What guests stars are we going to see in the final season of Bones? —Mindy
Ausiello: I already told you that beloved TV vets Ed Asner and Hal Holbrook will be appearing in Season 12's third episode. But what I didn't tell you — because I was saving it for Ask Ausiello — is that they'll be joined by Oscar-nominated actor June Squibb (aka Sheldon's Meemaw on Big Bang Theory). Squibb will play a retirement home resident you do not want to make angry.
Question: Do we know yet if Bones‘ series finale (sniff) will be two hours? —Sarah
Ausiello: As of now it's just a one-hour episode, but, you never know — Fox could schedule the penultimate episode on the same night and call it a “two-hour Bones finale event!” Meanwhile, co-showrunner Jonathan Collier is still hoping series creator Hart Hanson will “either write or co-write” the swan song (possibly with former EP Stephen Nathan). “He's been very, very, very involved in discussing the series,” Collier adds of Hanson. “He's the best person in history to inherit a show from because they give you their blessing. He's handed over the show to us, but they are also very available to us.” BONUS SCOOP: Cam and Arastoo's nuptials will be a decidedly low-key affair. “I think [we had our] big wedding with Brennan and Booth,” says Collier. “So let's just say that it's going to be exciting and different.”
Question: Ausiello, do you have any spoilers regarding FitzSimmons on Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.? Thanks! —Jessica
Ausiello: Having finally landed on the same page in the May finale, “They're going strong, in a solid relationship” when Season 4 opens, says co-showrunner Maurissa Tancharoen. Though conspicuously MIA after the season-ending, six-month time jump, “They did not have the opportunity to go to the Seychelles,” the EP notes, “but they're working together, living together…. And of course with that comes some challenges.”
Question: Please, please, please tell me — is there a Stars Hollow town meeting in the Gilmore Girls revival? I really need a town meeting. —Dana
Ausiello: Someone's gonna feel really silly when they see this photo that was released three months ago.
Question: Now that Conrad Ricamora has been promoted to series regular on How to Get Away With Murder, will the Keating Five become the Keating Six? —Darrell
Ausiello: We'll find out in the ABC thriller's Sept. 22 season premiere. “That's the question of the first episode,” confirms showrunner Peter Nowalk. “Oliver really wants to be folded into the group. They have a naughty side and they see the fun in the dark. But [boyfriend] Connor, as we've seen, is against it. Also, the question remains, does Annalise want them anywhere around her? So we're going to address that in the first episode.”
Question: Any intel on who Esai Morales is playing on How to Get Away With Murder? —Joshua
Ausiello: The even money's on Laurel's (Karla Souza, right) dad, but Nowalk will only share that the NYPD Blue alum will be a “very prominent part in the show.”
Question: How long will Mary be sticking around on Supernatural? Is Samantha Smith a series regular? —Amanda
Ausiello: She's not a regular but showrunner Andrew Dabb confirms that Sam and Dean's mom “is certainly a presence for a while,” adding, “She's not a one-episode character, let's put it that way. That's something we're going to explore over the course of the season.”
Question: It has been very quiet on the Sleepy Hollow front since the writers went back to work. Have you heard any scoop on Season 4? — Debbie
Ausiello: I have it on good authority that a villain you've been jonesing for will be back in action in one of the season's first episodes, tentatively titled “Heads of State.” Draw your own conclusions.
Question: Any news on Masters of Sex Season 4? —David
Ausiello: If the darkness of the Bill/Virginia/Dan triangle (not to mention that zoo scene) brought you down last season, Caitlin Fitzgerald says the upcoming Season 4 will pick you up, being “a lot lighter and funnier.” Evidence? “I haven't cried one time. I barely recognize this character!” They add that Bill's long-suffering Mrs. does experience “a lot of righteous anger” and shares “a tingle” with the lawyer character played by About a Boy's David Walton — who they acted opposite on New Girl last season.
Question: What can you tell me about this new season of You're the Worst? —Amanda
Ausiello: In the Aug. 31 premiere, Kether Donohue's Lindsay does something so outlandish and insane — even for the FXX comedy — that at first I thought it was part of a dream sequence. (P.S. It's not.)
Question: Could you find out what Iris' role in The Flash‘s Flashpoint story will be? —Kelly
Ausiello: “She is still a journalist,” co-showrunner Todd Helbing points out, before adding cryptically, “But she's doing something else as well.” Adds EP Aaron Helbing: “One thing about Iris is she's always Iris. She's always a constant. Just like on Earth-2, they were a cop, but she's still married to Barry. There always and still is a Barry/Iris dynamic, but it's slightly different.”
Question: Can you please, please give me any information on Jane the Virgin? —Bev
Ausiello: Some exclusive Season 3 casting news for ya: Miles Gaston Villanueva (Young and the Restless, Chasing Life) has been cast as Sam, an old crush of Jane's that predates their relationships with Michael and Rafael. Intellectual and sexy, Sam's past connection to Jane has a surprising impact on the present (where Michael is presumably fighting for their life, although he's apparently not fighting too hard considering Brett Dier had enough lines in the premiere to warrant showing up at the first table read!)
This AAnd That…
♦ Remind me to tell you the real reason this recast happened. It's a really funny story.
♦ It's been two weeks since I attended the TCA Awards and I'm still confused/saddened as to why not a single member of the black-ish cast, nor the show's creator, showed up to accept their much-deserved the best comedy trophy. I need someone to explain to me what happened so I can move on with my life.
♦ Trying to get my hands on the Darth Vader version of this figurine. If you — or someone you know — is in possession of it please contact me. I'm prepared to meet any/all demands.
That's a wrap! Please send questions, comments and anonymous tips to askausiello@tvline.com. (Additional reporting by Andy Swift, Kim Roots and Vlada Gelman)
Project CARS 2 has remained shrouded in mystery during its development process, but now we have gotten a bit more info. In addition, we also have some screenshots of the title in action, including a look at a snow/ice rally track.
The information comes to us from DrivingItalia, which I have translated to English:
“Just two days ago, Ian Bell of Slightly Mad Studios team spoke about the new Project CARS 2 explaining that, because of some delays on the GUI menu and on the game's career, the current developers' goal is to be ready for the game is released in September. Here instead arrive today a series of spectacular unreleased screenshots in high resolution showing us precisely Project CARS 2 in action!”
The screenshots showcase the the Ford Focus RS and the Mitsubishi Lancer Evolution around a few tracks. One notable screenshot is the one at the top of this article showcases the Mojave Test Track, which should make its return. It also appears Willow Springs (2nd screenshot) and some other tracks will be making a return. I can't tell exactly what the other courses are, but maybe some eagle-eyed readers can help out!
The second batch of screenshots shows off the new addition to Project CARS 2, rally racing. the new shots showcase a snow/ice racing course, and also the A 45 AMG and the Mini Countryman rally cars. This could be an exciting addition to the racing title, and I hope that the rally mode is fleshed out.
It is somewhat disappointing to hear that Project CARS 2 is pushed back to September 2017, but maybe there's a chance we'll get a more polished title when it does release. I'd say maybe no news is good news, so let's see what happens!
What are your thoughts on this information for Project CARS 2? Let us know in the comments!
The competition for the world's biggest Kraftwerk fan just went up a notch—maybe three notches. A man in Florida posted a Flickr set depicting their own everyday life as a robotic humanoid wearing the red and black uniform that the German quartet donned for the band's iconic 1978 album The Man-Machine.
The gentleman in the pictures appears to have changed their name to “Kraftwerk” (although the picture of their driver's license with their new name looks suspiciously ‘Shopped to me). In the pictures they are depicted going record shopping (clutching an LP of their beloved Man-Machine, of course), as well as consuming a chicken salad croissant and a cold brew coffee and even sleeping in their bed (yes, wearing the ridiculous red shirt and black tie under the duvet).
Amazingly, they neither depicts themselves using a pocket calculator, nor riding a bicycle. There are also zero traffic cones in the pictures. However, there is an automotive theme to the gallery—he is shown in the driver's seat of their “truck” and also putting “petrol” (not gas?) in their tank as well as paying for it with a “debit card.” Surely all of that qualifies as some kind of reference to Autobahn?
via Magnetic
Previously on Dangerous Minds:
Exiles in Düsseldorf: Austrian TV special on Kraftwerk, 1981
Kraftwerk sings ‘Pocket Calculator' in Italian… and several other languages
Bitcoin Breaking News Brief Chronicled Raises $3.4 Million In Seed Round
The blockchain-based collectible and vintage sneaker company Chronicled has just announced it has raised $3.4 million USD in a seed funding round. The startup, founded in 2014, has created a team of engineers in Silicon Valley to build a system that tracks the authenticity and movement of this footwear. The investments injected into the business came from the venture capital firms Mandra Capital, Colbeck, and Pantera Capital.
Also read: Keepkey Expands Worldwide to Retailers and Vendors
Dan Morehead, Partner at Pantera Capital, said of the announcement:
“Chronicled has built a strong team and continues to deliver on product, engineering, and operational performance milestones.—Collectible and vintage sneakers are just the beginning. The intersection of the consumer Internet of Things and blockchain is going to be a big trend over the next decade. Authenticity verification and provenance of luxury goods and other physical items is a huge untapped market, and due to privacy concerns consumers will want to own the data history associated with their physical property, which is a benefit of a blockchain-based back-end.”
Chronicled Raises $3.4 Million to Re-establish Trust In the Collectible Sneaker Industry
The Chronicled platform, which is available via the iOS App Store and Google Play, eliminates sneaker knock-offs sold within the collectible footwear market. The collector's item sneaker operations is a very lucrative business. In 2014, the annual sneaker resale market grossed $1 billion worldwide and continues to increase. However, phony items that are unlicensed copies plague the industry and consumers getting expensive rip-offs happens all the time. Counterfeits have become so good they are nearly indistinguishable from the originals and have to be identified by the creators or experts. The San Francisco-based startup believes they can establish a stronger reputation and trust system within the collectible footwear market.
Chronicled uses blockchain technology to cryptographically ensure authentic trades dominate the resale market. The company uses Smart Labels within an open digital registry so it can track “authenticity, ownership, and provenance.” The Chronicled team has said to be collaborating with Identiv (NASDAQ: INVE) to develop these encrypted microchip applications. The proceeds from its latest seed round will be used to build up the company's customer base and implement its tagging solution. The BLE smart tags will be a “first-of-its-kind encrypted” technology used in the apparel business. Song-Yi Zhang of Mandra Capital is excited to invest in this venture stating:
“Chronicled represents a unique and exciting way for collectors and marketplaces dealing in high-end consumer goods to offer a guarantee of authenticity. Markets in the US and Asia alike have been in need of such a solution for a very long time, and we see great opportunity for this technology in our region.”
The company will begin its authentication services in the New York region around April 2016 and has been showing off its authenticity tags at sneaker conventions. Chronicled hopes to partner with companies in the industry as it did with Beastmode and Greats back in 2015. The startup hopes its service can help the collectible environment and save consumers money. Its mission is to “re-establish trust among consumers and strengthen connections between brands and their customers.”
What do you think about the Chronicled concept? Let us know in the comments below!
Images courtesy of the Chronicled website, and Pixbay
Cork shipbuilder's Safehaven Marine are planning a record-breaking attempt this Summer circumnavigating the entire island of Ireland including Rockall which lies about 460km north west of Malin Head.
They're doing it in their newest vessel the 60ft high-speed boat Thunder Child and we caught up with Safehaven Marine MD Frank Kowalski to find out everything thats been happening as they build toward the record attempt.
Hi Frank, when we chatted in January you were carrying out extreme weather testing on Thunder Child in Cork, how are things going now?
Everything is progressing nicely – they were re-launched in their new colours last Tuesday and they are looking fantastic. The intention with the new look was to have them looking like a silver bullet and I think we have certainly achieved that. The sponsors stickers have also gone on at this point which look well on the new colour.
Whilst they were out of the water, most of the final fitout was carried out and we are currently finishing same including the final electrical work, tracking software, infrared camera systems etc.
What sort of testing has been going on in the last few months?
In March we carried out the self-righting tests down in the Port of Cork, one unmanned and the second manned with three crew members on board.
The purpose of this was to test their ability to recover if hit by a large breaking wave. They performed perfectly and we were very pleased with the results.
We did our first high speed long run trip to Dublin the week after the self-righting. It went really well. We had the full 6-person crew on board and we did Roche's Point to Poolbeg in 3 hours 45 mins, a journey of 150 nautical miles at an average speed of 43 kts. Again we were delighted with their performance and we had no issues or cause for concern.
What have you got lined up in the next few weeks as you get closer to the record attempt?
We plan to carry out more sea trials over the coming week to test all of the upgrades. We're planning a short night trip – This is to simulate what the night time portion of the trip at speed will be like, and to see what challenges that presents. That will happen this month and again the plan is for all 6 of us to be on board for same.
We are also doing a recon run from Cork to Galway probably towards the end of the month, again with the full crew.
Have you zeroed in on a date for the record attempt yet?
As regards the trip itself we don't have a definite date as that will be weather dependant but we do have an optimum window which is late June and first three 3 weeks of July. We will be watching the weather conditions closely during that period and will pick the optimum time, probably at quite short notice.
Great stuff, thanks for chatting with us Frank – we're really looking forward to seeing Thunder Child getting this record!
Houston fans of the AMC series “Fear The Walking Dead” may soon be living in the post-apocalyptic world they watch from the safety of their couch – sort of:
Production for Season Four of the spinoff show will reportedly move from New Mexico – a substitute for Mexico – to Austin, meant to represent Houston.
The move is also sparking rumors of a crossover with the show's parent series, “The Walking Dead.”
In the Season Three finale of Fear, which aired last month, the series' main villain Proctor John, actor Ray McKinnon, invited Alicia, actor Alycia Debnam-Carey, to board their ship “and sail for what's left of Houston.”
RELATED: “The Walking Dead” teases with tantalizing hints of season 8
In the spinoff timeline, a popular character from o.g. Walking Dead who died from last season is still alive; the show found Abraham Ford, play by Michael Cudlitz, hiding out in a Houston grocery store during the early stages of the zombie plague.
If you're not into gore, you probably won't care for how their character died at the end of the original series' Season Seven by the hands of Negan – Jeffrey Dean Morgan – with repeated blows to the head by a baseball bat wrapped in barbed wire.
The differing timelines could potentially allow the Fear cast to meet Abraham in Houston prior to them leaving to join the group led by Rick Grimes, actor Andrew Lincoln, in the main show.
RELATED: The prank war between these two “Walking Dead” cast members just heated up
The shooting for the upcoming Season Four is buzzing to begin at the Dell Diamond baseball stadium in Round Rock.
Stadium officials confirmed they rented the facility to a third party during the off-season, but would not comment on the temporary tenants.
Season Four of “Fear The Walking Dead” will premiere on AMC in March 2018.
The Obama administration is setting new standards for the controversial hydraulic fracturing process, the first major federal effort to crack down on the practice that has largely been behind the nation's oil and natural gas boom.
The fracking standards only apply to drilling on leased federal land and land owned by American Indian tribes, which account for less than a quarter of the country's oil production and 17 percent of its gas. The vast majority of fracking happens off federal land, regulators said.
ADVERTISEMENT
The long-awaited rules from the Interior Department's Bureau of Land Management (BLM) are meant, in part, to ease public fears about a practice that involves pumping fluids miles underground to extract oil and gas from small pockets in rock.
“This rule will move our nation forward as we ensure responsible development while protecting public land resources,” Interior Secretary Sally Jewell Sarah (Sally) Margaret JewellOvernight Energy: Zinke extends mining ban near Yellowstone | UN report offers dire climate warning | Trump expected to lift ethanol restrictions Zinke extends mining ban near Yellowstone Blind focus on ‘energy dominance' may cripple Endangered Species Act MORE told reporters. “That's good for the public; it's good for industry; it's good government.”
Jewell said the Interior Department's current rules for oil and gas drilling do not sufficiently account for modern advances in fracking.
“We need to update our regulations to make sure they can keep up with evolving technologies and innovation by industry,” they said.
BLM Director Neil Kornze said environmental responsibility is an essential component of managing federal and Indian land.
“Ensuring safe and responsible development is critical to keeping these lands available for development into the future,” they said.
Environmentalists argue certain aspects of the fracking process can pollute waterways, groundwater, and the air and soil while posing serious threats to human health. To make matters worse, they say, drillers have used substances like formaldehyde, boric acid, benzene and xylene, and the industry has resisted calls to disclose the chemicals they use.
The rules announced Friday set standards for well construction to minimize the risk of groundwater or other contamination, strict requirements for disposal of the fluid that flows back out of the well and a mandate to publicly disclose the chemicals drillers use in them. In addition, disposal fluid must be stored in covered, above-ground tanks.
Congressional Republicans lambasted the regulations, calling them a direct attack on jobs and energy.
“This top-down regulation is duplicative, burdensome and ultimately, a direct attack on American energy production, critical tax revenue for our schools and communities, and thousands of good-paying jobs across the nation,” Sen. Steve Daines (R-Mont.) said in a statement.
Sen. Lisa Murkowski Lisa Ann MurkowskiHouse to push back at Trump on border GOP Sen. Tillis to vote for resolution blocking Trump's emergency declaration Pence meeting with Senate GOP ahead of vote to block emergency declaration MORE (R-Alaska), chairperson of the Energy and Natural Resources Committee, accused the Obama administration of an “anti-development approach” and said the rules will likely make it even harder to develop oil and natural gas on federal property.
The regulations also encountered opposition from oil and gas drillers.
The American Petroleum Institute (API) charged that federal regulators are forcing them to comply with two sets of standards, since they're still subject to state regulations. The double regulation could hamper the country's energy renaissance, the group said.
“A duplicative layer of new federal regulation is unnecessary, and we urge the BLM to work carefully with the states to minimize costs and delays created by the new rule to ensure that public lands can still be a source of job creation and economic growth,” Erik Milito, director of upstream operations for the API, said in a statement.
Some environmentalists are not happy about the rules either, saying they don't go far enough to restrict fracking.
“We remain disappointed with some provisions like continued reliance on the industry-run website FracFocus for disclosure of toxic chemicals, and the lack of a ban on fracking in our most treasured spaces,” Madeleine Foote, the top lobbyist for the League of Conservation Voters, said in a statement.
“While this proposal has improved from previous versions, it represents a missed opportunity to set a high bar for protections that would truly increase transparency and reduce the impacts to our air, water, public lands and communities by the oil and gas industry,” they said.
Federal regulators are largely prohibited from regulating fracking on private and state land, since the practice was exempted a decade ago from federal water and air pollution laws.
— Updated at 12:11 p.m.
UPDATED at 8:05 p.m. Singer's Fox offices shut down: Bryan Singer's production company, Bad Hat Harry, will depart the Twentieth Century Fox lot. The director had a three-year first look deal with the studio that ended Oct. 31 and was not renewed. They were allowed to remain on the lot while finishing the Queen biopic Bohemian Rhapsody. The production company began packing up today, with Singer's removal from the film.
UPDATED with Singer's statement: Bryan Singer issued the following statement regarding their removal from Bohemian Rhapsody, which they describe as a passion project. The director said they had asked Twentieth Century Fox for time off to deal with health issues — their mother is ill — but the film studio was unwilling to do that. They acknowledged creative differences with the film's star, Rami Malek, but said they had managed to work things out.
“With fewer than three weeks to shoot remaining, I asked Fox for some time off so I could return to the U.S. to deal with pressing health matters concerning one of my parents. This was a very taxing experience, which ultimately took a serious toll on my own health. Unfortunately, the studio was unwilling to accommodate me and terminated my services. This was not my decision and it was beyond my control,” Singer said in the statement. “Rumors that my unexpected departure from the film was sparked by a dispute I had with Rami Malek are not true. While, at times, we did have creative differences on set, Rami and I successfully put those differences behind us and continued to work on the film together until just prior to Thanksgiving. I wanted nothing more than to be able to finish this project and help honor the legacy of Freddie Mercury and Queen, but Fox would not permit me to do so because I needed to temporarily put my health, and the health of my loved ones, first.”
UPDATED with Singer's firing: To the surprise of no one, Fox fired Bryan Singer from the helm of Bohemian Rhapsody, after they went AWOL for three days last week when production was to resume after Thanksgiving. This followed a series of rumors of erratic behavior by Singer on the film.
Last week, sources said that Fox was discreetly canvassing directors to replace Singer, even before production shuttered. Rumors swirled this past weekend that the film will likely stay on hiatus until the new year, though Fox insiders said the hope is to resume before then. The film has about two weeks left in principal photography, and then the new director will oversee postproduction and possibly do some reshooting, so there is a lot of heavy lifting involved.
“Bryan Singer is no longer the director of Bohemian Rhapsody,” was the studio's official statement today.
The studio fired Singer under the pay-or-play provision in their deal because of a pattern of behavior on the set that proved so unreliable that it was best to drop them because they had clashed with several people including the film's star, Rami Malek.
Fox is hoping to keep the film on track for a December 2018 release.
PREVIOUS, December 1 PM: Production has been temporarily halted on Bohemian Rhapsody, the Bryan Singer-directed film about the British rock band Queen and its frontman Freddie Mercury, with Mr. Robot‘s Rami Malek playing the singing legend. The studio has said the reason is a “health matter” involving the director.
There have been rumors surrounding Singer and the production for some time, including that film took breaks more than once because of the mercurial director going AWOL from the London shoot. Word I am hearing is that they haven't shown up for the past three days.
The studio issued this vague statement: “Twentieth Century Fox Film has temporarily halted production on Bohemian Rhapsody due to the unexpected unavailability of Bryan Singer.”
Singer's reps later said in a statement: “This is a personal health matter concerning Bryan and their family. Bryan hopes to get back to work on the film soon after the holidays.”
Insiders said the studio still hopes to get the film on track for a December 25, 2018 release. The studio would not comment on how far along the production has gotten before Singer took this sabbatical, or whether the film will continue with him. Indications are the studio might wait for them to return.
It becomes very difficult when a film is in production and the filmmaker has proven unreliable. Word around town is that Fox has been having discreet discussions with replacement helmers to finish the film, even before the studio halted production today. Sources tell Deadline that the film is about two weeks away from completing principal photography, so if another director is brought in, they or they would need to finish the shoot and oversee postproduction.
My secret santa is awesome!
Canada Post is horrible...
A part of my christmas present arrived quite on time, which was tasty salmon from Canada :) while the other part needed 3 MONTHS! to arrive to my place...
I am really thankfull dear Secretsanta for the well chosen gifts you sent to me!! It was cinnamon chocolate - I love cinnamon, and thats always cool to try new snacks :) because I've written I'd like to learn how to crochet, my santa sent me a "starter kit" with yarns, crochets and pattern - this is really awesome, I hope to start soon! secret santa also got me some scissors, which I'm sure will be really usefull at my work :)
Here again thanks so much dear Santa for the awesome gifts! If you happen to come to Switzerland, would be nice to see you and have a drink :)
When the Austrian team at Marchi Mobile decided to unveil their ridiculous $3 million eleMMent Palazzo Land Yacht, we instantly give them the title of the coolest RV/trailer on the planet. But, it's a new year, and things change. Introducing The Heat, a trailer built by the team at Anderson Mobile Estates.
If you are looking for that true 5-Star Luxury Hotel feel on the road, this is the trailer for you. This thing has it all. The 2-story mobile estate features 1,200 square feet of living space, conference rooms for business meetings, full kitchen, master suite, several guest rooms, multiple bathrooms (with showers), flat-screen TVs scattered throughout the entire trailer, and much more. Not to mention the fact that everything has been finished off in leather, oak wood, and marble treatments. There's even a 24/7 video surveillance system to offer up 360-degree security around the clock. The Heat was designed specifically for actors, singers, and business executives with a massive bankroll, but we can dream, right? [Purchase]
The manufactures of a popular brand of supermarket wine, Casillero del Diablo, recently released quite possibly one of the worst, most ridiculous ads ever concieved. The ad appears to take place in some sort of dystopian future-world in which the football players Wayne Rooney, Ryan Giggs and Patrice Evra have barricaded themselves in a room overlooking the Old Trafford pitch.
Rooney spends the entire ad staring determinedly through a window, presumably at an autocue, slurring their lines like somebody struggling to remember how to speak like a human. But to Mr. Rooney's credit, I struggle to imagine even a great actor making a line like, “They say they are a legend,” sound anything less than ridiculous. [Ed - Especially when the "he" is a bottle of Cabernet Sauvignon]
&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;
Look at that range!
Rooney, Giggs and Evra aren't the first football players to act, of course; they're part of a long and often embarrassing tradition of athletes who turn to acting – sometimes in search of a semi-respectable career (Vinnie Jones, Eric Cantona), often to sell crap like crisps and drinks for money (Gary Lineker, every other British athlete).
Steven Gerrard made their acting debut a few years back, advertising Pringles with other big name players who were struggling for money at the time, such as Roberto Carlos and Djibril Cissé. The ad begins with Gerrard mumbling, “Oi, Roberto, pass the Pringles,” in a completely monotone voice. Then, as if in protest of Gerrard's horrendous acting abilities, Roberto proceeds to play a quick game of keepie uppies with the tube, destroying the crisps inside.
Gerrard's ex-teammate Michael Owen clearly had bigger ambitions as an actor, first demonstrating their talents back in 2000 with their rather excellent six-part series, Hero to Zero. To quote the one synopsis I was able to find for the show: “Charlie Brice is a talented soccer player whose parents have split up...and they think it's all their fault. But when they confide in their life-size poster of soccer star Michael Owen, magic happens.”
Magic certainly does happen. Harnessing the power of the dark arts, Owen materialises in front of Charlie to unconvincingly provide them with the advice they so desperately seeks.
Unfortunately, Hero to Zero – Michael's magnum opus -- was not a commercial success and Owen returned to football, dejected.
&amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;
Professional athletes on the other side of the Atlantic have generally had more luck forging successful acting careers. Wrestler Roddy Piper, for example, stepped out of the ring to chew bubblegum and kick ass in John Carpenter's prophetic and poignant They Live – a dark comedy about corporate greed and media corruption.
Released in 1988 amidst fears of a declining economy, the film situates around Piper's character, Nada, who inadvertently discovers that the world is being subliminally controlled by aliens.
Fellow wrestler Hulk Hogan has also ventured onto the big screen. After bit parts in Rocky III and Gremlins 2: The New Batch, Hogan played the leading role in the comedies Mr. Nanny and Santa with Muscles – two films that have helped define the inexplicably popular “large-man-who-can't-take-care-of-kids” genre.
&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;
Basketball player Michael Jordan has also made the transition, starring as themselves in the 1996 family sports film Space Jam, in which they single-handedly throttled the Looney Tunes.
Before OJ Simpson was put on trial for murder, and long before the release of their controversial book If I Did It (his first-person "fictional" account of the murders, if they had indeed committed them), OJ made many appearances on the big and small screen.
Perhaps best remembered (at least as an actor) for their role in The Naked Gun series, OJ was admittedly very talented. After their notorious hearings, however, their career failed to recover.
Actor Jason Lee is perhaps best known for their role as Earl in the TV series My Name Is Earl, but back in the early ‘90s they were a highly regarded professional street skateboarder. Lee's appearance in the seminal skate video Video Days allegedly led to them being cast in Kevin Smith's Mallrats. They also had a small role in the music video for Sonic Youth's 100% shortly after the release of Video Days.
While certainly not the biggest success story of a professional athlete turned actor, American football player William (AKA 'The Fridge') Perry's achievements in the field of acting, cannot be underestimated. Their finest work? This infomercial for a completely necessary piece of equipment called My Rotisserie.
&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;
The way they appear from out of the kitchen, an enormous smile on their face, hollering, “Look what's comin', boys!” is how it should be done. This is acting, people. This is the video that professional athletes who want to act need to study. No autocue, no boring, monotone delivery, just one man talking about how they don't have to worry about their meat flippin' and floppin'. Perfection.
The story of Battlestar Galactica may be finished, but the merchandising potential will continue forever... even if the products seem a little familiar. For example: A new version of last year's Cylon Toaster, but new(ish) and improved!
This year's SyFy San Diego Comic-Con limited edition exclusive*? A new Battlestar Galactica toaster with added LED eye and toast message:
Advertisement
If you're wondering why the upgrade, they're probably just trying to steal back some of their thunder after the announcement of the very similar Star Wars Darth Vader toaster:
Advertisement
Yes, I know; a Darth Vader toaster doesn't have the same double meaning pun as the cylon model. Me, I'm holding out until they add a soundchip so that James Earl Jones' voice says "Luke, I am your toaster," followed by Mark Hamill screaming "No! It can't be!"
* - Weirdly, despite being "produced exclusively for Comic-Con," you won't be able to buy it at Comic-Con; it's only available on NBC's website. Don't ask me how that works.
Comic-Con Battlestar Galactica LED Toaster [NBC Universal Store]
The coming week is already confirmed to include some highly promising download content, and one that's certainly caught our eye is FreezeME. Heading to North America on 4th February at a launch price of $9.99 - then $13.99 after its first week - it looks a cut above the usual 3D platformers that are seen on the eShop.
It's the début release from Rainy Night Creations; with FreezeME having already arrived on PC late last year it comes to Wii U as its first home console, with some special features also thrown in. We caught up with the studio's Walfrido Abejon Garcia to learn about its sources of inspiration from the N64 era, the similarities to Super Mario Galaxy and more besides.
First of all, can you tell us a little about yourself and Rainy Night Creations?
My name is Walfrido Abejon, designer of FreezeME and founder of Rainy Night Creations.
Although Rainy Night Creations is just me. For the development of FreezeME I got the help from some people, like Case Portman for the music or Mathias Aubry who helped with some animations.
And of course a bunch of awesome testers that helped me out with the final touches of the game.
Work on FreezeMe began in 2012, so has it been a full time endeavour or was it a part-time project around other work?
It´s been a long journey. It began in September 2012. For two years I worked on the project in the evenings after work and weekends. In September 2014 I quit and went full time up until now.
In marketing materials you reference N64 3D platformers, though in many ways it seems particularly reminiscent of Super Mario Galaxy, in terms of some gameplay effects (spherical environments, gravity manipulation) and the main character's moveset - did the Wii title provide primary inspiration?
When I think of the differences in the core gameplay of SM64 and SMG (excluding gimmicks and power up), for me is about freedom and guidance.
When you enter a level on SM64 you have multiple paths available and little help as to where the final objective is, which brings a lot of exploration into the game.
Also, In SM64 there weren't any tutorials, nor many situations on the levels where you were forced to use for the first time a move so you could proceed further.
This is especially noticeable in the boss fights in SMG, once you begin a fight with a boss you immediately know how to defeat it because the whole level has been training you on the specific move you should use to beat it.
So I wanted to create game where exploration was an important part of the gameplay, and also where tutorials were scarce. This is a preferential choice of mine, most games nowadays go heavy on the tutorials but for me the less information a game tells me on how to proceed the more rewarded I feel when I figure it out.
There are some faux gravity objects in the game, but they are very few (excluding Level 3) and are presented as quick isolated puzzles to solve. On level 3 most of the elements use faux gravity but this is more of a visual effect and has very little implications on the gameplay.
What other titles do you consider key reference points that inspired you to develop FreezeMe?
There are bits from a lot of games of my childhood.
A lot of inhabitants in FreezeME will ask for your help in return of some collectibles. That was inspired by Banjo Kazooie.
The boss battles are more on the Zelda side than on Mario. It will take some time to figure out what hurts them.
And then, there are bits and pieces from other different games and genres, like for example there is a collectable you will have to get by infiltrating a complex as if you were Snake.
3D platforming seems like a relatively tough genre to tackle for your first game; do you agree it is a particularly big challenge, or has the process felt natural and instinctive for you and the team?
If I had known beforehand…
For sure it has been tough, way more than I originally anticipated. A lot of times some weird thoughts went through my mind, like "why did I get into this?" or "why didn´t I try a simple mobile game first?" or "why am I just making games I could have a way better income and healthy life doing something else?".
But that´s what I wanted to do since I was a kid and I don´t enjoy playing mobile games, I wanted to make a game I would enjoy playing!
And last but not least, I woke up one day overly excited and full of hopes and I told my girlfriend "you are going to be the main character on a videogame" (R, the main character and the main gimmick of the game is based on my girlfriend and their photography passion).
I could not bail out after that!
FreezeMe arrived on PC in December last year. How would you describe the success or otherwise of that launch and player feedback so far?
Colourful 3D platformers are not the most demanded games for PC and I knew that beforehand. But nowadays every major game development engine works primarily on PC and then you port it to any desired platform. So basically no matter for what system you are developing, with a few modifications you can get it running on PC.
On top of that, PC is the less restrictive market. You are free to release anything at any stage and nobody will prevent you from doing that.
With that in mind I released FreezeME on PC last month. The sales are in line with was I was expecting and the comments from the people are positive. Also got a lot of feedback that helped to improve both the PC and the Wii U version.
What was the core motivation to ensure the Wii U version arrived so promptly after that PC release?
The main idea was to release both at the same time (Actually the Wii U version was done before the PC version).
But then I submitted to Nintendo and they found some small issues they wanted me to fix. The problem is that console development (all consoles, not only Nintendo) is very bureaucratic. So I had to wait 3 / 4 weeks to get those results and even though I could fix all those issues in an afternoon and I had to prepare all the paperwork to resubmit again and wait for a similar amount of time.
On PC, once I fix something, there is no paperwork and I can have it live in less than an hour.
So that´s the only reason the PC version was released slightly before Wii U.
The launch trailer shows off the freezing mechanic on the GamePad screen: can you talk a little more about how that came together in development, and can players also use other controllers and the freezing mechanic solely on the TV?
At the beginning I thought about using only the GamePad, first I thought about Freezing using the gyro in first view. I gave it a try but all the moving around and then coming back to the normal view was a bit disorienting. So then I tried the touch screen to Freeze and I think it works great and is pretty straight forward!
I published some footage of me playing with the GamePad and people immediately asked "What about the Wii Remote + Nunchuk". So then I thought, ok, I have to give that I try. It was challenging because I guess people were thinking about Mario Galaxy when they suggested that, but on FreezeME you have the option to move the camera at any moment, but in Galaxy that doesn´t happen.
In the end you can use the +Control Pad to move the camera, but you can also set it to Automatic and will always turn to show you were R is looking, in case you don´t want to mess with it.
And again, when I announced the Wii Remote+Nunchuk was supported, people immediately asked "What about the Wii U Pro Controller and the Classic Controller". So I guess you know what happened next!
Then at the end of the process, by mistake was found that you could still use the Wii Remote + A button to Freeze while the GamePad functions were still active, so I thought hey, that´s cool now I can have a mini-coop game!
As this is your first project on Nintendo hardware, can you talk about the experience so far? Have you found it easy to work with Nintendo, obtain dev kits and so on?
Nintendo is just great. I´m no one and they allowed to enter their community and get a dev license.
Once you are in they have all the tools and plenty of documents available and if you get stuck or have problems with something there is always someone ready (by email or on the forums) to help you out.
As for the devkits, it was easy. They have reasonable prices and they don´t ask you to have a super secure office to keep it.
Having worked with the Wii U hardware, what do you consider to be its biggest strengths and weaknesses?
I cannot disclose much of the hardware information here as it would be a NDA breach, you can do really cool stuff if you invest the time on it.
I guess the main problem with consoles (not only Wii U) and especially if you come from PC development is the CPU. Average PC CPUs (not GPUs) are way more powerful than consoles, so you are a bit spoiled if you develop on PC first and then move to consoles.
I was a bit scared at first thinking it would be able to handle the size of the levels and all the things going around, but it did so I´m pretty happy with the hardware.
Do you have plans for the European release of FreezeMe at this time?
Oh yes I do! And Australia too. The game is ready, just missing the PEGI, USK and ACB ratings that should come any time soon. Once I get that, as mentioned earlier, from the time I submit until is out on the eShop should be around 3 / 4 weeks (provided they don´t find any errors).
Also I´m in current negotiations with some Japanese publishers, so I might get it out there too.
Are you confident that the Nintendo eShop audience will be particularly eager to play FreezeMe?
I´m hoping so! I think FreezeME is a perfect fit for the Wii U, something they didn´t have in a long time, and is REAL, is not "coming Q2 2017", "TBC", "we are considering it". FreezeME will be available for download on the eShop February 4th.
Do you have any final messages for our readers?
Thank you for reading and hope you have the chance to play and enjoy FreezeME as much as I did develop it!
Here's a truth that's really out there.
David Duchovny, known for their roles on “The X-Files” and “Californication,” will release their debut solo album, “Hell or Highwater,” on May 12.
The album, which will include 12 songs written by the actor, will be released via ThinkSay Records and distributed via the Caroline/Universal Music Group.
Also Read: David Duchovny Talks ‘X-Files' Return: Mulder Was the ‘Worst FBI Agent of All Time'
The title track, which serves as the album's first single, is available Tuesday. The album is available for presale now via Amazon and iTunes.
According to a release for the album, “Hell or Highwater” is “firmly embedded in their uniquely lyrical, troubadour style.” Which will come as a surprise to the vast majority of the world, who up to this point wasn't aware that Duchovny has a uniquely lyrical, troubadour style.
“Making this record is a dream come true, but I never had this dream — it's still a shock when I think about how all this music happened,” Duchovny said. “What I do know is that I feel these songs represent the truest expression that I've ever been able to achieve and I look forward to sharing it with everyone.”
Also Read: ‘X-Files' Creator Chris Carter Sees Potential Storylines Pop Up ‘Every Day'
The other tracks on the album, none of which appear to revolve around the topic of alien visitation, include “Unsaid Undone,” “Lately It's Always December” and “Positively Madison Avenue.”
Sadly, Duchovny likely won't have time to tour behind the album, given their acting schedule. In addition to starring in NBC's upcoming series “Aquarius,” he'll reprise their role as FBI Agent Fox Mulder in a six-episode revival of “The X-Files” on Fox.
You know what they say: If you've got it, flaunt it. And flaunt it Shanna Siegmund did as maid of honor at their sister Laura's recent wedding. Instead of your run-of-the-mill wedding speech, Shanna performed a mash-up of their favorite songs—from Broadway hits to Carly Simon's "You're So Vain"—complete with original, personalized lyrics and a killer duet with another bridesmaid.
No stranger to the spotlight, Shanna lives in New York City and regularly performs in regional and community theater. Plus, they and Laura have practically been singing and dancing together since day one. "My sister, who basically followed me everywhere for most of their early life, also got into musical theater when they were young because of my interest in it," Shanna says. "So we've always shared a fun musical background." So, naturally, when Laura got engaged, Shanna knew they had to prep something truly unforgettable for a maid of honor speech.
Luckily for Shanna, Laura and their fiancé had a nice, long engagement—long enough for Shanna to get their routine in tip-top shape. "I started jotting down ideas in April, then narrowed my choices and began writing lyrics I knew I wanted to incorporate," Shanna tells The Knot. "Most of the songs I chose to include were no-brainers based on specific jokes or events. But I also wanted to make sure they weren't too obscure so other people would understand."
To put it plainly, Shanna brought the house down. "My favorite part and the hardest part was definitely the rap segment [from TLC's "Waterfalls"]. I knew from the start I wanted to include it, but it was a beast to write. Memorizing it kept me up at night the last few weeks," Shanna says. And trust us, it was worth it. (Watch them absolutely nail it at minute 7:25.)
But the sweetest feeling came not from their flawlessly executed rap sequence, but their sister's astonished, touched reaction. "She ran up to me crying, hugged me and said, 'You have to be kidding me right now—who does that?!' It made all the work on this song worth it," Shanna says.
It'll come as no surprise that Shanna's advice for maids of honor struggling to craft that perfect toast is to make sure it's really personal and, ultimately, fun—and having a background in musical theater always helps, of course.
Watch the full maid of honor mash-up speech here for some crazy-awesome toasting inspo:
Here's the full list of songs included in the toast:
"Carrying the Banner" from Newsies
"Stay" by Lisa Loeb
"Castle On a Cloud" from Les Miserables
"We Make a Beautiful Pair" from Shenandoah
"Roadhouse Blues" by The Doors
"Waterfalls" by TLC
"You're So Vain" by Carly Simon
"Wonderful Tonight" by Eric Clapton
Photos by Verdi Photography
As reported earlier, Pakistan and India were both shaken by a strong 7.8 magnitude earthquake with numerous aftershocks. While the damage and the casualties from the quake are not fully known yet although according to Raza news agency the latest death toll is at 45, one quite stunning development has emerged, quite literally, out of the sea. As Pakistani's The News reports, an entire island emerged off the country's Gwadar coast in the aftermath of the quake. "According to DIG Gwadar Moazzam Jah, the island's altitude is 20 to 40 feet and width around 100 feet. Talking to Geo news, the DIG said that the island emerged at a distance of 350 feet in the sea from the Gwadar coast." We hope this is not some very elaborate mass media hoax.
The local Tribune (with various other media confirming too just in case this is some very elaborate media hoax) adds more:
On the Gwadar coastline, the quake created a small island about half a mile into the sea near an area called ‘Jhanda', according to Express News. The newly appearing island is said to have a mountainous terrain rising up to a hundred feet. A large crowd was seen gathering at the site to see the new island.
What is curious is that the shocking formation is quite close to the border with Iran, and in close proximity to the Gulf of Oman, best known as the favorite anchoring spot of US Aircraft Carriers patrolling the Straits of Hormuz.
View Larger Map
How long until US military claims this new rock as a new naval base which just happens to be in close proximity to Iran's eastern maritime border?
* * *
Update: we have confirmation from Reuters that the new island was in fact not a hoax:
I love crafts. I love DIY. My biggest DIY crush? Furniture redoing/making. I can't get enough. It takes every fiber of my being to keep myself from "rescuing" every tossed out piece of furniture I see along the side of the road {boyfriend, friends, and family frown upon my frequent adoption of such items}.
Arrange your crates like so: Place one crate on the floor/work surface so that the opening is facing down. Place a second crate on top of the first crate so that the handle-end is down towards the floor, against the back of the first crate. Make sure the edges of second crate are flush with the first. Drill three pilot holes {in the arrangement shown} big enough for your screws using your drill bit. This will help prevent wood-splitting. You are drilling into the handle-end of the second crate (through to the back of the first crate), towards the floor. Drive 3 1.25" screws (into your pilot holes) through the two crates with your driving bit, securing the second crate to the first. Rotate your crates so that the open end of the second crate is facing downward, arrange a third crate on top of the second just as you did before, and secure the two together with screws. Repeat for the fourth crate. Rotate a final time and secure the first crate to the fourth, so that all crates are secured. Your final arrangement is shown in Photo #4, looking down at the crates. Using your 2x4s, build a base frame. **I had my 2x4s cut at Home Depot, so if you don't have a saw, that's an option! Both Lowes and Home Depot do complimentary cuts, just tell them what size pieces you need! I used 2 pieces that were the full length of the table (9.5" + 18" = 27.5") and 3 pieces that would fit between those pieces. To figure out that measurement, multiply the width of the boards by 2 (since there are 2 boards), and subtract that number from the length of the table (27.5"). In this case, a 2x4 is about 3.5" wide, so 3.5" x 2 = 7", and 27.5" - 7" = 20.5".** So, you'll need 2 pieces @ 27.5" and 3 @ 20.5". Arrange your pieces in a square with long pieces opposite one-another and short pieces opposite one-another, making sure that the ends of the long pieces are flush with the edges of the short pieces. Using your drill, corner brackets and screws, attach the boards at each inside corner as seen above. Screws should drill into the soft pine boards relatively easily, although you may need to tap them gently with a hammer to get them started. In the pictures above, my frame is a simple square, but for added support or stability, I added a third short-piece (20.5") across the middle. I used a counter-sinking drill bit and long wood screws, but for ease and consistency, you can use 4 more corner brackets to attach this center beam to the 2 outside pieces it will line up with. This step is two-fold: Attach the frame to the crates and add your casters. First, with your table upside down on the floor, align your frame with the crates (shown in Photo #5). Be sure your frame is flush with each corner, and drill a pilot hole in each corner with your drill bit; you are drilling through the 2x4 and into the underside of the crate. Insert your 2.5" screws into your pilot holes and drive screws through the frame, into the crates (screw is shown next to the caster in Photo #8). Now place a caster in each corner and attach to the frame using screws (if no screws were provided, use screws ~1" long).
At this point, your table will look like this! The original post from DIY Vintage Chic stained the wood and made a small "crate" for the middle to fill with wine corks. If you like this look, finish it off with paint, stain, or a simple sealant! Just beware that it is not foot-friendly. As soon as I got to their point, boyfriend had their feet up on the top of the crates and the wood was visibly bowing... Not a good sign (I told you they can't keep their feet off my tables). So, on to the upholstery!
Upholster a Top:
You will need a thin sheet of wood for your top. I originally tried plywood because it's super cheap, but it was so hard that all my staples were buckling... So I found a sheet of (even cheaper) mahogany underlaypeoplet over by the molding at Home Depot. I had the 4'x4' sheet cut and ripped into a 28" square at the store. This way, I would have a little bit of overhang on my finished ottoman. Purchase enough foam to cover your wood (the foam at Joanns was only 24" wide, so I had to supplement with 3" of extra foam and a little polyester fiberfill), and piece it together on top of the wood sheet. Using a yardstick or tape measure, draw your diagonals (from corner to corner) across the foam with a marker. Where the diagonals meet is your center. Measure out 5" from the center towards all 4 sides and mark an "x." Using scissors and your fingers, dig out a little hole in the foam at the center and at each "x" (the "x" still visible in Photo #3 was mismeasured). Lay two layers of batting over your foam so that there is enough overhang on each side to staple it to the underside of the wood. Carefully and quickly flip your wood, foam, and batting over, so that the whole top is upside down but still aligned. Staple your batting around the perimeter of the wood sheet, working opposite sides in sequence (left side, then right side // then top, then bottom) and pulling the batting tight. For more pointers, refer to this earlier post: DIY Upholstered Trunk. Finally, repeat the process in step 2 on your wood sheet, and drill small pilot holes at the center and the 4 x's. I have circled these holes in Photo #4 as they were difficult to see, and sketched the diamond tufting pattern we are creating as well. Flip your top over again so that the batting is facing you. Feel around the batting/foam with your fingers to find the holes you dug out previously. Use your scissors and fingers to push the batting down into the holes as much as possible, cutting some batting out if necessary. Push your long upholstery needle through the hole from the wood-side to verify that the hole in the wood matches up with the hole in the batting/foam and make any necessary adjustments. Again, I've circled these holes in Photo #5. Cover your buttons in your upholstery fabric by following the instructions on your button package. Thread a piece of polyester cord {about 16" for plenty of slack} through your button. Next, thread BOTH ENDS of the cord through your needle as shown in Photo #6. Drape your fabric over the batting so that it is square with the top and there is excess on each side for stapling. Locate the holes in the batting/foam with your finger, and push your upholstery needle through the fabric, through the hole in the batting/foam, and through the hole in the wood. **Note: Finding the hole in the wood may be tricky... I stabbed myself about a zillion times and it took quite a while... Try to push the needle through the batting as straight and perpendicular to the wood as possible, and wiggle it around to find the predrilled hole in the top. Be patient and careful! When you have pulled your cord through the hole in the wood, push the button against the wood as hard as you can with your dominant hand {my right hand}, and simultaneously pull the cord as tight as you can with your opposite hand {my left}. Then quickly grab your staple gun and staple the cord down in a zig-zag pattern as shown in Photo #7, keeping the cord pulled as tight as possible. Repeat steps 6 & 7 for each button. When all your buttons are secured, flip the top over and make sure the fabric is tufted and pleated to your liking between the buttons. Then flip the top back over and staple your fabric down around the perimeter just as you did your batting. Again, refer to my earlier upholstery post for my details: DIY Upholstered Trunk.
Now your table has become an ottoman! Make sure your lid fits and is lovely. I actually like the look of the unfinished wood, but the couch I'm planning will be painted, so I wanted the ottoman to match. So... Painting!
Finish the Ottoman:
Lay down a drop cloth to protect your work surface. I learned this trick from my mom a long, long time ago: Use a vinyl table cloth as a drop cloth. The vinyl will act as a plastic drop cloth, but it's less slippery and flimsy, and in this case, had a cotton-back that stuck to the carpet and kept it from sliding all over! Brush your paint into all the crevasses that will show. I didn't bother painting the top, bottom, or middle of the ottoman, as those surfaces wouldn't be visible. I only did one coat, because I wanted a less-than perfect finish, but paint according to your preference. Once paint is dry, trim excess fabric and cording ends off of your top and lay it upside down on the floor. Carefully flip your crates upside down on top of the upholstered top, lining up the corners as best you can {keeping in mind the slight overhang}. At each corner, drive a 1" wood screw through the top of the crate down into the wood sheet of the top, using your drill. If you have trouble with the wood splitting, back your screw out and drill pilot holes.
Flip the whole thing right-side-up and admire your work! Then start filling it with all kinds of goodies... Books, magazines, project boxes, decor... Fill that baby up!
But seriously, look at that! A totally doable, custom furniture piece that boyfriend can put their feet on! :) If you give this a try, I'd love to see!
I am currently in the process of replacing my hand-me-down couch, and wanted a new coffee table or ottoman to replace my cheap and wobbly IKEA table that I broke in college a few years ago. I trolled Pinterest for a while, and stumbled upon my inspiration: A coffee table constructed from four basic crates by DIY Vintage Chic! I was completely smitten with this deceivingly simple design. Even boyfriend liked the idea, and that boy is hard to please.I loved the storage capacity and the fact that it was on casters, but I really needed something boyfriend could put their feet on... Because they could not keep their feet off my old coffee table {which drove me a little crazy}. So, again, I needed something sturdy and foot-friendly. Thus, I added an upholstered top to make this coffee table an ottoman!Now, prepare yourself... This post has a LOT of step-by-step photos... And no full supplies photo {my bad, guys!}. BUT, I promise, this project is not difficult. If you can handle a drill {trust me, you can}, and a staple gun {easy-peasy}, you can do this project!{4} wooden crates, {2} 8' 2x4s (or other beam wood), {4} 2" casters w/screws, {8} corner brackets w/screws, {12} 1.25" wood screws, {4} 2.5" wood screws, {4} 1" wood screws, drill w/drill bit & driving bitsheet of mahogany underlaypeoplet (or other sheet wood that is NOT plywood), 2"-thick foam, polyester batting, upholstery fabric of your choosing {note: materials amounts depend upon the size of your crates, but you need enough to cover your table}, heavy-duty staple gun w/staples, {5} make-to-match buttons, polyester upholstery cord, upholstery needles, scissors, yardstick/tape measuresemi-gloss paint+primer of your choosing, paint brush, drop cloth**I got my crates from Michael's using those wonderful 50%-off coupons, so my crates were less than $7 a piece (gotta love coupons!). They each measured 9.5" deep x 18" long, and I will be using those measurements throughout the post. If you use different crates, be sure to adjust your measurements accordingly.
Earlier this week, Donald Trump called for a “total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States.” | AFP/Getty Amendment on Trump's Muslim ban splits GOP The provision passes with significant Republican support, but not before highlighting internal schisms over the candidate's latest controversial proposal.
Donald Trump's campaign is spilling over into the Capitol's committee rooms as Democrats seek to capitalize on the GOP's increasingly strained relationship with the Republican front-runner.
Senate Republicans split over a referendum on Donald Trump's Muslim ban on Thursday, with four GOP senators voting against language aimed at preventing religious litmus tests for people entering the United States. The nonbinding amendment to an unrelated nuclear terrorism bill was written by Senate Judiciary ranking member Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.). The provision stated it is the sense of the Senate that the U.S. “must not bar individuals from entering into the United States based on their religion."
Story Continued Below
The amendment passed with significant GOP support, but not before highlighting internal Republican schisms over Trump's latest controversial policy prescription. In a brief interview, Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas), who voted against Leahy's amendment, accused Democrats of muddying debate on an important national security bill.
"Nuclear terrorism legislation is not the proper place for political games," said Cruz, who has refused to criticize Trump for their proposals during the presidential campaign, even though they disagree with a ban on Muslim travel to the U.S.
Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-Ala.), who speaks to Trump on occasion, called Leahy's proposal “radical” and railed against it for about 30 minutes. They were joined in dissent by Cruz and Republican Sens. David Vitter of Louisiana and Thom Tillis of North Carolina.
“I believe they mean well,” Sessions said of Leahy. “But with regard to immigration, it is our responsibility to protect the rights and well-being first of the American citizens.”
GOP Sens. John Cornyn of Texas, Chuck Grassley of Iowa, Orrin Hatch of Utah, Lindsey Graham of South Carolina, Mike Lee of Utah, Jeff Flake of Arizona and David Perdue of Georgia supported the amendment. Several Democrats grinned visibly when Cruz's proxy vote of “no” was cast, with one uttering into a hot mic: “Ohhh yeah.”
Leahy said afterward that they were "amazed" that four Republicans voted against barring religious tests, adding that they believe such a standard for entry could have prevented their grandparents from getting into the country.
"I just wanted to point out that we could show to the rest of the world that we don't have religious tests," Leahy said. "I assumed this would be a no-brainer."
Sessions posited that the amendment could make it more difficult to allow a moderate Muslim cleric into the country over a more radical cleric and also make it tougher for Yazidi and Christian minorities from the Middle East to seek refuge in the United States.
Sessions was clearly prepared for Leahy's proposal, reading off prepared remarks for long periods during a committee hearing.
“I regret talking so long on this subject. But I really think religion in America is extremely important, and we need to be very careful how we act on it,” Sessions said.
For other Republicans, the vote was more complicated. Tillis said they were fine with the Leahy language if it weren't part of a national security bill. Now that it's been appended to the terrorism legislation they worry that the larger bill will become a Trump referendum.
They also knocked Leahy for meddling with a bill that they ended up voting against. Tillis voted for the terrorism bill.
"The comments of the presidential election are starting to influence the discussion in the committee," Tillis said. "We need to get that bill to the floor and we're adding things that are inspired by what people watch in TV at night versus focusing on that underlying bill."
Perdue said it wasn't hard for them to vote for Leahy's provision but added of the episode: "I didn't think it was necessary. It was just something we had to deal with."
Trump's radical proposal has presented problems for Republicans all week. Many have denounced their plan, like Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and House Speaker Paul Ryan. Yet most Republicans still say they would back them if they were to become the GOP nominee. Cruz, in particular, has carefully chosen not to directly battle with Trump.
Trump: 'I'm doing good for the Muslims' During an interview with CNN's Don Lemon on Wednesday, Donald Trump defended their Muslim ban plan. poster="https://v.politico.com/images/1155968404/201512/994/1155968404_4655654647001_4655614671001-vs.jpg?pubId=1155968404" true
It was clear Democrats were aiming to tie Trump to congressional Republicans with the vote, as Sens. Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.) and Dick Durbin (D-Ill.) repeatedly brought up their comments this week while touting the importance of Leahy's amendment, which would carry no force of law.
“You can't ignore what a leading candidate says,” Feinstein said. “This is the first time we have an opportunity to say to this candidate: 'This is not what our nation stands for.'”
CORRECTION: An earlier version of this story misstated David Vitter's home state. This story has been updated.
Timeline is possibly the most intriguing feature, offering a (literal) timeline of what you were working on slash doing on your PC months or even years ago. This will encompass files, apps and even websites: Microsoft says it'll be as if you never left them. Will it offer older unedited files? Will this visual timeline only begin from the day you start using the latest version of Windows? We expect to hear more from Microsoft on this.
Cortana is, predictably, a prime part of that whole seamless digital experience. Microsoft explains you'll soon be able to log off of your PC and have the document you were previously poring over pop up on your smartphone -- who needs a coffee break, right? Cortana will ask if you want to pick up where you left off, whether it's a document, website or app. It brings the promises of Continuum to phones that aren't running mobile iterations of Windows. This is a good thing.
Clipboard is also picking up a cloud-powered upgrade, with the option to copy from and paste to any of your connected devices. At the moment, they have to be Windows machines or popular smartphones, and we know that for mobile devices, you'll need to have SwiftKey installed as a keyboard to offer up the pasting shortcuts. It'll be able to beam photos, links, entire paragraphs and even GIFs (less important) across your various devices.
The final part of the Graph pitch is Microsoft's cloud storage service, OneDrive. Now with Files on Demand, users will be able to access and use all of their cloud files without having them take up precious storage space on their device. They'll be displayed in File Explorer, and users will still be able to lock them to work offline when they need to work without an internet connection. All these features will roll out with the Fall Creators Update later this year. Naturally, they will also arrive decked in the company's new Fluent Design, ready for mixed reality headsets in 2020.
Click here to catch up on the latest news from Microsoft Build 2017.
As Lord Soley mentions, William Pitt the Younger became Prime Minister at the age of 24. They were elected as an MP at the age of 21 and became Chancellor of the Exchequer eighteen months later. They then twice refused the premiership before accepting it in December 1783. The Tory preponderance in the Lords that existed until 1999 is largely attributable to the many peerages created during their period of office.
Pitt was not unusual, at least not in terms of parliamentary service. If anything, it was surprising that they were not elected until they were 21. Before the passage of the Parliamentary Elections Act of 1695, ‘infants' (those who had not reached the age of 21) were disqualified from sitting in the Commons by the law of Parliament (according to Sir Edward Coke), though that did not stop some under-age Members being returned. Some of those who sat in Charles II's Pensioner Parliament, for example, were reported to be 14 or 15 years of age. The 1695 Act placed a statutory bar on membership of those who were not yet 21. Despite this, in the period from 1734 to 1832, 81 MPs were elected who were underage, all bar one being allowed to take their seats. A notable figure among the 81 was Charles James Fox, who made their name as an outstanding debater while still formally under-age.
However, the law was enforced following the 1832 Reform Act and no one since that time has been returned to the Commons under the age of 21. Some MPs have been returned at the age of 21 (the most notable recent example being Bernadette Devlin in 1969) and under the Electoral Administration Act 2006, the qualifying age for candidature has been lowered from 21 years to 18 years – so far resulting in some councillors being elected under the age of 21, though as yet no MPs. It is presumably only a matter of time…
I was one of those who pressed for the qualifying age for candidature to be lowered. (I published an article on the subject in Public Law in 1980.) For me, the essential principle involved is one of voter choice. I think electors should be free to elect whoever they wish as their representatives. It is not for others to limit their choice.
An estimated 50,000 marchers joined one of the biggest protests in Auckland for decades today, to give the Government a firm message to stay away from mining on conservation land.
Marchers left the bottom of Queen St about 11am and by the time the first of them arrived at Myers Park, just below Karangahape Rd, they were still leaving the bottom of Queen St.
The protest blocked most of Queen St for at least an hour, but it showed how passionate New Zealanders were about protecting conservation land from mining, said Green Party co-leader Metiria Turei.
The Government has announced plans to open 7058 hectares of protected conservation land and marine reserves for mining, while adding protected status to a further 12,400ha. It said the value of resources underground could be $140 billion.
However, Ms Turei said the numbers being "bandied around" were estimates and based on superficial core samples.
They said the figures had not been substantiated, and people were saying to the Government there were some places which "were out of bounds for mineral exploitation".
"This is the Government trying to satisfy the interests of the mining industry over the interests of the New Zealand public. They want to sell off these assets to private interests, knowing they will get less than 1 percent of the royalties back, spinning industry numbers about the jobs that might be created."
The level of support was not surprising, they said.
"More than 50 percent of the country does not want schedule four land mined."
They said the Government was backing off its plans because of the widespread public opposition to mining on schedule four land, and the public wish for protection of conservation land.
They also said the Government had failed to consult Maori about the impact on them of mining the lands.
Protestors were concerned about harm to the economy, the country's "clean green" brand and the tourism industry.
"These plans are an attack on our values, that we believe our country is worth protecting, that the environment provides us with essential ecosystems services that we cannot get from elsewhere - health and soil, clean water, bio-diversity.
"Those things are not negotiable," they said.
July 25, 2013 19:57 IST
With the court convicting the lone militant in the controversial Batla House encounter for murdering Inspector M C Sharma, the slain cop's family on Thursday said it proved their martyrdom was genuine and the politicians who had raised doubts were wrong.
Maya Sharma, whose husband M C Sharma had led the police team that had stormed an apartment in Batla House to catch alleged terrorists, said the judgment has proved that it was not a fake encounter, as claimed by certain politicians.
"Now it has been proved by the court that it was not a fake encounter and the martyrdom of my husband was genuine. The encounter was questioned by the political parties for their own benefit as it had happened during the election year. Today's judgment has proved them wrong," Sharma said.
Sharma had led a seven-member team to the Batla House on September 19, 2008 on a tip-off that suspected terrorists, involved in the serial blasts in the capital, were inside Batla House. They had succumbed to the bullet injuries sustained during the gun battle.
Sharma had been accorded the highest gallantry award, the Ashok Chakra, for their actions.
The shootout had sparked a controversy, with Congress leader Digvijay Singh claiming that it was fake, but their party had swiftly distanced itself from their remarks.
Slamming those who had termed the encounter as fake, Sharma said they were least bothered about the allegations.
"That was very painful for me. They were performing their duty, leaving behind their unwell son on that fateful day; they sacrificed their lives. They had gone there to solve the serial bomb blast case in Delhi. The court is yet to pronounce the quantum of punishment to the convict. There will be attempts again to raise this issue but I am least bothered," they said.
Welcoming the court's verdict, Sharma's father Naurottam Sharma said, "There is some relief. I am satisfied with the court's decision, but I await the final judgment. I am worried that the accused can move the higher court."
“Questioning the encounter, Congress leaders Salman Khurshid and Digvijay Singh even went to Azamgarh. But later, P Chidambaram, as home minister, had said the encounter was genuine. Why this politics," they asked.
The convict Shahzad Ahmad hails from Azamgarh.
The slain inspector's 76-year-old mother Devinder Devi also echoed their husband's words, saying they were waiting for the final judgment.
"I don't know who killed my son. But those who were saying that it was a fake encounter, how did the government then award my son," they said.
When asked whether they want the convict to be hanged, they said, "I will accept whatever is God's will but the convict should be given a harsh punishment."
Demanding maximum punishment for the convict, Sharma's wife said, "A long battle still lies ahead".
Lone suspected Indian Mujahideen operative Shahzad Ahmad was convicted by a court for murdering Sharma and assaulting other officers. The court has fixed July 29 for pronouncing order on sentence against him.
The encounter had taken place at an apartment in Batla House in Jamia Nagar locality, six days after serial bomb blasts rocked Delhi, killing 26 people and injuring 133 others.
The police had reached Batla House on a tip-off that some suspected militants involved in the blasts were holed up in the building.
Of the five flat occupants, Atif Ameen and Mohammad Sajid were killed during the encounter.
Image: Inspector M C Sharma
Merchant is a tycoon style game based in a fantasy RPG. Instead of controlling the hero of the story, you control the merchant that the hero buys and sells goods from. You will be responsible for helping the heroes by selling them things they need, while buying all of the items they do not want. The heroes are persistent characters in game, so they will return to you if you keep them happy.
Core Features
Persistent NPCs
In a standard RPG, the NPCs exist to serve the purpose of communication, quest giving, and background story. In this game, the NPCs are the most important aspect of the game. Due to this, they are also a diverse group of dynamic characters. Each NPC holds a variety of stats, and will react to the player's actions. Giving a good deal to a hero or craftsman makes them like you more and are likely to return in the future. NPCs live and die by the actions conducted by the character. Helping a specific hero throughout the game can lead to them or them becoming the hero of the story. As the merchant, you narrate the direction of your game.
Active Economy
The game actively simulates the need for various types of items. This makes it possible to corner a market. If you as the player decide to buy all of the wood available, characters throughout the game will be in dire need, and willing to spend far more. This allows for a stock market emergent gameplay. The player can leverage their monopoly on certain item types to keep the NPCs coming back for more.
Dynamic Game World
In a standard RPG, the player is the hero. No questions asked. They complete the quests, and earn the final award. In Merchant, the player narrates the direction of the story by their decisions. Do you help the Barbarian with a friendly attitude, or the stoic Wizard with a calm demeanor? Your decisions send the NPCs to their destiny.
In addition to affecting the outcome of heroes, the player can help or hinder other characters in the world. By purchasing the lumberjack's wood for a good price, you allow them to prosper and lead a successful life. You can also have various craftsmen work directly for you, leading them to a mutual destiny.
Quest Giving
Do you need 5 more gems to create an epic sword? Send a hero to do your dirty work! As the merchant of the town, it is not your duty to procure resources. Through a simple scripting interface, the player is able to determine the quests the heroes take. Is there a region of the map that has the type of ore that you need? Order heroes to clear the area to make it possible for the miners to enter the area.
In-depth Crafting
Instead of specific crafting recipes, Merchant uses a dynamic crafting system. As a player you have the ability to commission or hire craftsmen to make the items you want to sell. Giving a weaponsmith 3 silver ore and 2 gems to make a sword will result in a silver sword with a multitude of possible effects. It is up to the player to discover which items sway the crafting formulas, and only the most dedicated players will find the way to the best recipes.
Hockey New Brunswick needs to send a strong message that abusive behaviour at rinks won't be tolerated, according to the president of the group that operates Canada's school of hockey officiating.
John Gardiner's comments stem from an incident last Friday when police were called to a Quispamsis rink after a 13 year-old referee ejected a hockey mom, peewee coach and player for what witnesses say was verbal abuse against the referee for missing calls.
Officers were called to the Qplex arena in case anyone tried to confront the young official outside.
"We're talking recreational hockey here. We're not talking highly competitive hockey and I think it's sort of a disgrace," said Gardiner, who is also the president of the Greater Toronto Hockey League.
The Canadian School of Hockey Officiating is calling for a crackdown on abusive behaviour toward hockey referees.
Their league loses between 15 and 20 referees every year because of bad behaviour from the stands, they said.
Hockey Canada has a zero-tolerance policy regarding verbal abuse of on-ice officials, which was implemented in Saint John last August.
That rule allows referees – even 13 year olds – to eject coaches, and to stop the game until abusive spectators leave the stands.
Gardiner said New Brunswick's zero tolerance position could go even further.
"If parents get out of hand, for example, we have a rule here in the Greater Toronto Hockey League that I can ban that parent from entering the arena," they said.
Parents and players would face a very stiff penalty if they did not follow the rules.
"And if they don't adhere to the ban, then we have a right to void the player's certificate and stop them from playing altogether," they said.
"If necessary, you can demand they take an anger management course in front of a professional and if they don't come back with a certificate saying they attended the hearing, paid their money, whatnot, then you just leave the ban in place."
Hockey New Brunswick has said the matter is under investigation.
The coach of the Saint John Ice Cats peewee team has declined to comment.
The game involved house league players who are 11 and 12 years old.
According to Hockey Canada, there has been an increasing number of verbal and physical assaults against on-ice officials, which is leading to a decrease in the number of people wishing to become referees.
One Piece Film: Gold now has an officially colored poster!
The Japanese website for One Piece has unveiled the first colored poster for the upcoming One Piece movie, One Piece Film: Gold. The poster focuses on the Straw Hats in their leather outfits for the movie and Gild Tesoro. The poster also features a colorful roulette table in the background, complimenting the casino-esque vibe of the movie.
In addition to one of the official posters for One Piece Film: Gold, the official website also confirms the second installment of the prizes for the first 50,000 ticket pre-orders across the country, starting March 18. This set of pre-order bonuses includes the A-3 sized “Voyage Day” calendars with the official movie artwork of the cast drawn by none other than Eiichiro Oda.
One Piece Film: Gold will hit Japanese theaters on July 23, 2016. One Piece creator Eiichiro Oda will reprise their role as the executive producer of the movie. The film will be directed by Hiroaki Miyamoto, who also worked on Baron Omatsuri and the Secret Island as the assistant director, and was written by Tsutomu Kuroiwa, who wrote the live action Liar Game: The Final Stage and Liar Game: Reborn films, as well as the live-action Black Butler film.
Keep checking The One Piece Podcast for more on One Piece Film: Gold as the news breaks!
SOURCE: One Piece official
Detective Chimp (alias Bobo T. Chimpanzee) is a fictional comic book character appearing in books published by DC Comics. A common chimpanzee who wears a deerstalker hat (à la Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's fictional sleuth Sherlock Holmes), Detective Chimp has human-level intelligence and solves crimes, often with the help of the Bureau of Amplified Animals, a group of intelligent animals that also includes Rex the Wonder Dog. They were originally created in the final years of the Golden Age of Comic Books, during the interregnum between the former and the Silver Age of Comic Books.[1]
After their initial appearance in Adventures of Rex the Wonder Dog they continued to appear in that title as a backup feature until 1959, at which point they faded into obscurity. Several decades after their last appearance, Detective Chimp appeared in several cameos, namely in a 1981 story, "Whatever Happened to Rex the Wonder Dog?" (DC Comics Presents #35) and later in a brief cameo with Sam Simeon in Gorilla City during 1985's Crisis on Infinite Earths. Following these appearances, Bobo started appearing in DC titles with some regularity, appearing in issues of Green Lantern, The Flash, and other titles. This eventually led to prominent roles in the 2005 Day of Vengeance miniseries and subsequently as a regular in its spin-off series Shadowpact. The character has gone on to guest-star in other DC Comics titles.
Fictional character biography [ edit ]
When first introduced, Detective Chimp was a simple, although intelligent, trained chimpanzee, who acted as a "helping mascot" for the local sheriff, after helping them to solve the murder of their chimpanzee trainer, Fred Thorpe. They could not speak, but could understand humans and make themselves understood. Bobo, a smoker, is a member of Mensa, and had a long-standing partnership with four other detectives as the Croatoan Society. One of the other former members of the Society was the detective/superhero Ralph Dibny.
The Chimp's origin has been revamped and elaborated on several times since their initial Silver Age appearances. 1989's Secret Origins (vol. 2) #40 credited the experimentation of a microscopic alien race with Bobo's intelligence. This origin has since been retconned, notably in the Day of Vengeance six-part limited series. In the latter it was shown that Bobo was captured in Equatorial Africa in 1953 by Fred Thorpe, who sought to train them for their carnival act: "Bobo the Detective Chimp". For the act, Detective Chimp was trained to answer some detective-related questions using a combination of signals and rewards, giving the illusion that they could "discover the deepest secrets of the public". Bobo formed a strong bond with Thorpe because Thorpe took care of him, and gave them a simpler life than in the jungle. The success of the act lasted until a trip to Florida, at which time Rex the Wonder Dog, took them to the Fountain of Youth, where they gained the ability to speak to all living creatures, even humans, in their own language, as well as eternal youth. Rex's and Bobo's journey to the Fountain of Youth was originally depicted in the asupervisorstioned DC Comics Presents #35, July 1981.[2] The intelligence Bobo gained put a damper on the success of the sideshow act, and in at least one instance, they decided that a woman had in fact murdered their sister, and shared their insights with the local police.
At some point after this, Bobo was employed by the Bureau of Amplified Animals. It is not known how they left, or even if the Bureau still exists.[3]
After the death of Fred Thorpe, they began to work by himself. Initially they did quite well, as a chimp detective was seen as a novelty. During this successful period they were visited by another detective, John Jones (actually the Martian Manhunter, during the JLApe crisis), who thought Bobo's agency seemed to be doing better than their own.[4]
However, as an ape, without civil rights and being unable to stand as a juridical person, they could not enforce unpaid bills. When the public began to forget him, they became an alcoholic, never leaving the other-dimensional Oblivion Bar (which changed management twice during their time there), until the establishment was acquired by Jim Rook.
"Bobo" is not their real name, which they decline to share.[5] It is revealed by the Phantom Stranger to be "mostly an unpronounceable screech and three grunts", which translates as "Magnificent Finder of Tasty Grubs".[6]
Shadowpact [ edit ]
Day of Vengeance #1 (June 2006), art by Justiniano. Detective Chimp in modern times. A panel from#1 (June 2006), art by Justiniano.
When the Spectre attempts to destroy all magic and began killing wizards, Detective Chimp, while still mostly drunk, coerces a group of mystical characters gathered from the Oblivion Bar into battling the Spectre. This leads to the formation of the group the Shadowpact.[1]
Although lacking superhuman powers, Detective Chimp exhibits not only fine detective skills but also the genius of a true tactician. Benefiting from the counsel of the Phantom Stranger (at the time transformed into a mouse), they devise a plan to use the powers of Black Alice and Nightshade to confront the combined menace of Eclipso and the Spectre.
Bobo also helps clean up the demonic damage left from the Rock of Eternity's explosion over Gotham City. They capture the sin of "Sloth", which had possessed their long-time friend Rex the Wonder Dog. After the Rock is reformed, the sins re-imprisoned, and all magical influence cleaned out of Gotham, the dying Doctor Fate gives Detective Chimp the powerful Helmet of Fate. After finding it does not fit him, Detective Chimp convinces Captain Marvel to throw it to Earth, to let fate choose its next bearer.[7]
When the helmet of Doctor Fate returns to Earth, Detective Chimp for a brief time bonds with it, granting them additional powers that they use to assist the Gotham City police in apprehending the villain Trickster. After struggling against the temptation of the helmet, Bobo sends it on to another journey.[8]
Recently, it has been shown that Bobo occasionally assists Batman in their cases by way of a chat room where they swap theories. The Riddler is also known to chat with them, but they are unaware of the other two's identities.[9]
The New 52 [ edit ]
In DC's 2011 reboot of its continuity, Detective Chimp has been mentioned by Ambush Bug in the Channel 52 feature sections. They later appears as a brief cameo in aiding the Justice League United team rescue Adam Strange from the Zeta Beam [10]and in the 2016 DC Comics Rebirth Christmas Special story "The Night We Saved Christmas".[11]
DC Rebirth [ edit ]
In DC Rebirth, Detective Chimp, a.k.a. Bobo, has appeared in the Dark Nights: Metal event, they are one of the survivors of the invasion of the Dark Nights (alternate versions of Batman from a Dark Multiverse), they are seen at the Oblivion Bar alongside the Justice League, Kendra Saunders, Doctor Fate and others. Bobo's close friend Nightmaster, the owner of the Oblivion Bar, is killed in this confrontation. [12] Bobo later takes over the bar and Nightmaster's mystical duties. [13]
Powers and abilities [ edit ]
Detective Chimp possesses no unusual physical abilities, save the level of agility and physical strength that comes with being a chimpanzee with human knowledge of movement and tools.  They are capable of conversing with all animals, regardless of origin, in their own language, including all spoken and written human languages.  They are also one of the most highly skilled investigators in the world, with detective skills rivaling those of Ralph Dibny or Batman. Bobo has an Intelligence Quotient estimated to be higher than 98 percent of the adult (human) population, as evidenced by their Mensa membership. For a brief time, Detective Chimp also had additional sense-expanding powers granted them by the helmet of Doctor Fate.
Because a chimpanzee's muscles are much denser than a human's, Detective Chimp is unable to swim. Recent scientific evidence suggests that chimpanzees can swim, and this represents a continuity error.
Other versions [ edit ]
Tangent: Superman's Reign [ edit ]
In Tangent: Superman's Reign, the Earth-9 version of Detective Chimp is revealed to be the screen name of a human hacker named Guy Gardner.
DC One Million and Dark Nights: Metal [ edit ]
In DC One Million, the far future version of Detective Chimp is one of the heroes of the Gorilla Galaxy, and wears a costume similar to Batman's.[14] In 2018's Dark Nights: Metal story arc, an identical character also appears with the same name and background, although now located on the DC Multiverse alternate Earth known as Earth 52 [15]
Injustice: Gods Among Us [ edit ]
Detective Chimp plays a key role in the opening issues of Year Three. John Constantine tracks down 'the world's the greatest detective' - normally the moniker applied to Batman - to assist in defeating a fascistic Superman. At first, Chimp drunkenly curses Constantine, but then agrees to join them as they and Batman appear in the back of Chas Chandler's cab, where they and John mock the brooding detectives. Constantine then leads them and Batman to a church where they have magically sealed Raven, much to Chimp's surprise. Chimp then asks John why they are involved in this war between Batman and Superman, but Constantine explains how the conflict with the Green Lantern Corps killed their daughter Rose's mother and they want revenge on Superman. Batman then gathers their allies, including Chimp, at Jason Blood's home, where Batman and Constantine try to explain their plan. Detective Harvey Bullock, though, announces that they plan on leaving, feeling that they are out of their element in this world of superheroes, but Chimp stops them and reveals that they know their reputation as a detective and their work with Commissioner Gordon in the past on several cases. Chimp then admits they feel outside their own comfort zone but they are still here for the same reason that Gordon is and asks them to stay. Before Bullock can answer, Klarion the Witch Boy's cat, Teekl, senses something coming as Jason realizes their home's protective seal was broken when Bullock opened the door. Before Bullock can close the door, the Spectre vaporizes both Bullock and Blood, with Chimp getting caught in the blast. Alfred Pennyworth, though, manages to save Chimp as he, Zatanna, and Harley Quinn, manage to keep them alive, where Alfred carries their body while Zatanna teleports the others to the Tower of Fate. Chimp then awakens and grasps Harley's hand as she, Alfred, and Zatanna try to keep them alive, where it is revealed that Chimp is missing an eye. Doctor Fate then appears to take Constantine's daughter, Rose, away. Harley, though, demands Fate to help them save Chimp, but Fate says they cannot help him. Harley Quinn and Klarion the Witch Boy save Chimp's life, but Chimp loses the use of one eye and has to wear an eye patch. When Sinestro later kills Klarion, Chimp tells the assembled group that, without Klarion, they will cease to exist and fades away in front of Harley and the other rebels.
In other media [ edit ]
Television [ edit ]
Detective Chimp appears in the Batman: The Brave and the Bold episode "The Golden Age of Justice!", voiced by Kevin Michael Richardson. Unlike the comic book version who speaks with a Boston accent, this version of Detective Chimp speaks in a pronounced English dialect. In the teaser, Batman and the seemingly animal-like Chimp try to figure out who stole the Golden Skull. The thief is revealed to be False-Face. After False-Face is defeated, Detective Chimp surprises the people watching by revealing they could talk by telling Batman "Don't patronize me, 'old chum'". They appear again in "Gorillas in Our Midst", helping Batman stop Gorilla Grodd when they replace Gotham City's human population with gorillas. During the adventure, they express romantic interest in the super-hero Vixen despite their different species. In this episode, the word "ape" is used to indicate something besides gorillas which does not include chimps or humans in spite of both being a species of ape.
episode "The Golden Age of Justice!", voiced by Kevin Michael Richardson. Unlike the comic book version who speaks with a Boston accent, this version of Detective Chimp speaks in a pronounced English dialect. In the teaser, Batman and the seemingly animal-like Chimp try to figure out who stole the Golden Skull. The thief is revealed to be False-Face. After False-Face is defeated, Detective Chimp surprises the people watching by revealing they could talk by telling Batman "Don't patronize me, 'old chum'". They appear again in "Gorillas in Our Midst", helping Batman stop Gorilla Grodd when they replace Gotham City's human population with gorillas. During the adventure, they express romantic interest in the super-hero Vixen despite their different species. In this episode, the word "ape" is used to indicate something besides gorillas which does not include chimps or humans in spite of both being a species of ape. Detective Chimp makes a cameo appearance in the Teen Titans Go! episode "You're Fired!", voiced by Scott Menville.  They are the third character to audition as Beast Boy's replacement, but is rejected the moment they introduce himself.
Films [ edit ]
Detective Chimp appears along with Batman, Black Canary, Question, Aquaman, Martian Manhunter, and Plastic Man to help Scooby-Doo and the gang solve one of their few unsolved cases in Scooby-Doo! & Batman: The Brave and the Bold , with Kevin Michael Richardson reprising their role.
, with Kevin Michael Richardson reprising their role. A brief glimpse of a Detective Chimp movie poster appears in Teen Titans Go! To the Movies. They also appear at both movie premieres of Batman Again and Robin: The Movie.
Video games [ edit ]
Toys [ edit ]
Detective Chimp was the 69th issue in the DC Comics Super Hero Collection.
Miscellaneous [ edit ]
Detective Chimp appears in Justice League Unlimited #39, working alongside fellow detectives Batman and Elongated Man. In the DC Animated Universe continuity, Detective Chimp is portrayed as a citizen of Gorilla City, but does not actually appear until the end of the story, as they had been impersonated by Gorilla Grodd for much of the issue.
They're open to advertising, especially if there's value in it.
TAP TO EXPAND FOR MORE
84% of executives are open to content from brands, as long as it's high-quality and clearly labeled. 74% found the last piece of sponsor content they read interesting, informative, and valuable.
Executives are much more likely to intentionally interact with sponsor content than pre-roll or interstitials. Think of the last time you interacted with an ad on purpose. What type of ad was it?
0 Other 0 Interstitial 0 Pre-roll video 0 Video produced by a brand 0 Display ad 0 Articles produced by a brand
Younger executives are more open to sponsor content than their older counterparts—but they're more discerning of its quality.
Share of executives who are open to consuming content from brands, by age group: under 35 0 35 - 54 0 55+ 0 Share of executives who thought the last piece of sponsor content they read was valuable: under 35 0 35 - 54 0 55+ 0
Executives recognize that brands have deep expertise in their respective industries. Which of the following sponsor content topics might interest you?
0 Company background 0 Companys perspective on a social issue 0 Information about the product experience 0 Exclusive data 0 Insights from company's experts 0 Industry analysis
Executives are most responsive to charts and other data visualizations. Which of the following formats and features tend to draw you into a piece of content?
0 Chatbots 0 Virtual or augmented reality 0 Audio clips 0 Videos 0 Interactive features 0 Maps 0 Interviews 0 Photography 0 Charts 0 Data visualizations
In contrast, they don't respond well to ads that interrupt them. Which type of digital advertising do you find to be the least effective?
Auto-play audio or video ads 0 Interstitials (ads that appear before you're able to get to the content) 0 Banner ads 0 Pre-roll video (ads that play before you're allowed to watch a video) 0 Pushdowns (ads that "push" a page down upon loading) 0 Skins (ads that completely surround content on every side of a page) 0 Sponsor content 0 other 0
As mobile has grown, so too has executives' interaction with mobile ads.
Humans can survive weeks without food, but only days without water — in some conditions, only hours. It may sound clichéd, but it's no hyperbole: Water is life. So what happens when private companies control the spigot? Evidence from water privatization projects around the world paints a pretty clear picture — public health is at stake. In the run-up to its annual spring meeting this month, the World Bank Group, which offers loans, advice and other resources to developing countries, held four days of dialogues in Washington, D.C. Civil society groups from around the world and World Bank Group staff convened to discuss many topics. Water was high on the list. It's hard to think of a more important topic. We face a global water crisis, made worse by the warming temperatures of climate change. A quarter of the world's people don't have sufficient access to clean drinking water, and more people die every year from waterborne illnesses — such as cholera and typhoid fever — than from all forms of violence, including war, combined. Every hour, the United Nations estimates, 240 babies die from unsafe water. The World Bank Group pushes privatization as a key solution to the water crisis. It is the largest funder of water management in the developing world, with loans and financing channeled through the group's International Finance Corporation (IFC). Since the 1980s, the IFC has been promoting these water projects as part of a broader set of privatization policies, with loans and financing tied to enacting austerity measures designed to shrink the state, from the telecom industry to water utilities. But international advocacy and civil society groups point to the pockmarked record of private-sector water projects and are calling on the World Bank Group to end support for private water. In the decades since the IFC's initial push, we have seen the results of water privatization: It doesn't work. Water is not like telecommunications or transportation. You could tolerate crappy phone service, but have faulty pipes connecting to your municipal water and you're in real trouble. Water is exceptional.
Private sector priorities
“Water is a public good,” Shayda Naficy, the director of the International Water Campaign at Corporate Accountability International (CAI), told me, “for which inequality has to fall within a certain range — or it means life and death.” When the private sector engages in water provision, greater disparities in access and cost follow. Water is also different because it requires such huge, and ongoing, infrastructure investments. An estimated 75 percent of the costs of running a water utility are for infrastructure alone. The track record of publicly funded private water projects shows that the private sector doesn't find it profitable to invest in the infrastructure really needed to ensure that communities have access to clean and affordable water. “Water companies have found that their niche is seeking efficiency solutions through hiking prices and cutting spending on infrastructure investment,” Naficy told me. Even as the World Bank Group continues to promote water privatization, its own data reveal that a high percentage of its private water projects are in distress. Its project database for private participation in infrastructure documents a 34 percent failure rate for all private water and sewerage contracts entered into between 2000 and 2010, compared with a failure rate of just 6 percent for energy, 3 percent for telecommunications and 7 percent for transportation, during the same period.
Instead of using its position to line the pockets of water companies, the World Bank should support what is most needed: affordable and clean – and public – water for all.
A look at projects deemed successes (PDF) by the World Bank Group shows they are not experienced that way on the ground. An IFC-funded private water project in central India's largest city, Nagpur, for example, is the country's first “full city” public-private partnership and has raised serious concerns among local residents. Worries range from high prices to project delays to unequal water distribution and service shutdowns. Allegations of corruption and illegal activity have led residents to protest, and city officials have called for investigations of contract violations. “In the last three years, the cost of operation and maintenance of the system has increased drastically and the price of water has increased manyfold,” Jammu Anand of the Nagpur Municipal Corporation Employees Union said in a statement released by CAI. (CAI details other examples like this one from Nagpur in its 2012 report “Shutting the Spigot on Private Water: The Case for the World Bank to Divest.” Full disclosure: I am a strategic adviser to CAI.) What advocates, including Naficy and Anand, are reminding the IFC today is that significant and steady infrastructure investment is the only way to foster safe, affordable and dependable water supplies. And that is done more effectively by the public sector than by private corporations. Water systems need treatment facilities and a mechanism to channel water from its source in a stable way, usually through pumps, piping to households and individual connections from main pipes to households. According to Naficy, “There is no end run around building a strong public sector and building strong public oversight.” In addition, financing by the IFC, which is both investor and adviser on these projects, poses a conflict of interest. On the one hand, the IFC is advising governments to privatize the sector; on the other, it's investing in the corporations getting those contracts. “It's self-dealing: setting up a project that it's in a position to profit from,” Naficy told me. When the IFC was established in 1956, it was expressly prohibited from purchasing corporate equity to avoid this sort of conflict, but the board amended this rule a few years later, allowing these kinds of deals. The IFC insists there are interior barriers to such conflicts of interest, even as its own annual report touts “client solutions that integrate investment and advice.”
Opening up the spigot
Let's concentrate on the people who don't know how to deal with characters who are non-straight.
I am prepared to believe some don't know how to deal with that because there are people who live in areas where it is less accepted, there are less outed people or whatever other reason. I am going to think they are not homophobes, just ignorant. It happens… nothing wrong with that.
So, blessed as I am by knowing a lot of LGBTQI people, I went to my social network circles and asked around. And I got a lot of really good advice.
To start with, my friend James Pisanich said: “For people at your house I recommend you just forget their sexual identity and treat everyone as a friend”.
And this is sound advice. Just imagine those player characters are your friends. To some degree, they are an extension of the player friend who is playing them. Does it matter to you if your friends are LGBTQI? If it matters to you, then you are part of the homophobe group, this part of the article doesn't apply to you. No part of this article applies to you.
Otherwise, treat that character as you treat your friend. Don't make their sexuality an issue. Just let it be there as and when your friend decides it should be. It will probably be less often than you might think.
Someone I do respect a great deal, Erik Scott de Bie said: “…it's all about casual inclusion. The male bartender whose husband is the cook. The snot-nosed noble heir who has both male and female prostitutes hanging on him. The beautiful elf lady who dotes on an elderly matron who has been their lover for fifty years… You just have these characters show up and don't treat it as strange or unexpected.”
The point made by Erik also makes perfect sense and it works well: Just let those things be, just not be the centre of anything. And drop them in as if they were the most natural thing in the world. In a fantasy world – and all RPG worlds have a very healthy dose of fantasy – it could easily be the most natural thing in the world.
Erik also goes out to point that “A lot of people confuse “sexuality” with “sexual,” thinking that including non-straight people is tantamount to including sex in a game.”
This is probably the strongest fear a lot of people have: If I have gay characters, I will have to have gay sex. Establishing as part of the social contract around a table a “no graphic sex scenes” game – either straight or homosexual – will solve that problem. You can then concentrate on having fun with the characters.
Avoiding casual homophobic language is also something you can do and it is a lot more important than you might think. Questioning their manhood for being gay or likening them to women will only help make people feel uncomfortable, even if it is something that socially accepted
I know this can be hard, specially if you know the person and ar used to joking with them, so ask them for help. Ask them to point out when you have inadvertently overstepped the mark. You will find out it is a lot more often than you realise.
Which leads me to the next point: Ask your players. If you are unsure about how to deal with a character from the LGBTQI spectrum, check with your player and ask what they need from you as a GM, or as a game companion. It is unlikely that person will chastise you for asking. It depends on how you ask, but it is unlikely.
Of course you could also turn the whole adventure into an LGBTQI issue, as suggested by both Erik and Jessie Foster . How about a princess who asks your help to bring their lover back who has been sent away by their homophobic father? Why not have a prince who wants to be smuggled away to be with their knight? And why not having a prince asking you to gather some components for a spell that will transform their body into a female body so they can feel complete?
However, if you are going to go with this, do check with your players. They might be dealing with similar issues in reality and need the game as a means of escapism. Shawn Harris made a great point that “LGBT people know more about homophobia and transphobia than cishet people, so either leave it alone (‘cuz you'd be surprised what went on historically) or ask for tips from the player.”
Also, make sure that homosexuality is not the enemy. Don't use any NPC's sexuality as the reason why they are in the wrong, or the antagonist.
Overall, the safest bet is to, simply, not make a big deal of it. Remember you are playing a game, not a life-depending reenactment that will cost you anything.
Just have fun and let people have fun.
.
Share on Pinterest
The GT500 has been the most powerful Mustang Ford has ever made. However, the car has been discontinued the last generation of the car, so a new model is en route. So far Ford hasn't said much about this upcoming model but it has been spied testing around Detroit numerous times by now. Its main competitors will be the Hellcat Dodge cars and the new ZL1, both making more than 650 horsepower. The upcoming 2018 Ford Mustang Shelby GT500 is going to be a bit more different than these cars, though, but more on that later.
PLATFORM AND RUNNING GEAR
It seems that all the development for the car has been made on the GT350 platform. The camouflaged cars that have been driving around Detroit all use the same low front end as the GT350. However, while the car will use the same platform, it seems that it will have a wider track at the back. The wheels seem wider as well and all the development cars used the Michelin Pilot Sport Cup tires. Other modifications to the car's platform will most likely be to its running gear. Here thew GT500 is expected to receive, as standard, the magnetic ride control dampers from the GT350 as well as standard carbon ceramic brakes which have been seen on all the prototypes. One of the largest unknown factors so far is the price. The GT350R starts at roughly $65,000 which is quite a bit. However, the GT500 is expected to be much more expensive than that, so it remains to be seen what the actual price will be.
DESIGN
The upcoming 2018 Ford Mustang Shelby GT500 is likely going to be pretty similar to its smaller sibling, the 350. For starters, it seems that in the front it will receive a more aggressive bumper and splitter with larger air intakes. The fenders also seem to be wider while the hood will have a small bulge, most likely in order to accommodate its engine. The back is definitely wider as well but this features the same diffuser as the regular 350R. On top of that, there is a much larger fixed wing than on the Shelby GT350 which is quite interesting. The prototypes also used the carbon fiber wheels which may be used on the production model, at least as optional extras.
2018 FORD MUSTANG SHELBY GT500 INTERIOR
This is currently under wraps and not much has been said about it. However, considering that the GT500 will become the new top of the range model, we expect it to feature all the best things the Mustang has to offer. The car should receive standard Recaro seats, leather upholstery with contrasting stitching and even aluminum and carbon fiber inserts.
ENGINE
Many people suggested that the 2018 Ford Mustang Shelby GT500 would receive a supercharged VooDoo. However, it seems that this is not true. Not that long ago a Mustang wearing the “TT-0081” sticker on its windshield has been spotted. That designation has been used on the Raptor and it means the twin-turbocharged prototype number 81. That's right! The upcoming GT500 will very likely receive a 5.2 liter VooDoo with twin-turbochargers. Many photographers reported that the car still sounds like the GT350, so it might rev just as high as it with the added benefit of twin-turbos. The actual output is still unknown but we know for a fact Ford will try their best to outrun the competition. It is not that far fetched to think that the upcoming GT500 will provide in excess of 700 horsepower and 600 lb-ft of torque. A manual is highly unlikely at this power level and that's unfortunate. However, we are quite sure that Ford will install their 10-speed automatic which is a much better deal than the old 6-speed box. With it, the GT500 should easily be capable of getting to 60 MPH in less than 3 seconds.
The bodies of seven women have been discovered across northwest Indiana this weekend.
Police do have a person of interest in custody who confessed to their killings and directed officials to three of the dead women.
Authorities did not identify the man in custody as of Monday morning but said they are a 43-year-old Gary resident, according to NBC Chicago.
Police located the person of interest in Gary, Indiana, during an investigation into 19-year-old Afrika Hardy's death Friday night. Hardy was found strangled at a Motel 6 in Hammond.
One of women found in an abandoned home has been identified as 35-year-old Anith Jones of Merrillville. Jones was reported missing Oct. 8.
Indiana officials confirmed Sunday night that a total of seven female body had been located so far.
Hammond Mayor Thomas McDermott Jr. took to Facebook, calling the person of interest a serial killer and saying that they are a convicted sex offender.
Hammond Police Arrest Serial KillerThe suspect Hammond arrested for the motel 6 murder is an admitted serial killer…. Posted by Thomas McDermott Jr. on Sunday, October 19, 2014
McDermott's praising of the Hammond police department for their handling of this situation comes just weeks after a lawsuit was filed against the department that claims officers used excessive force and falsely arrested a man during a traffic stop. The traffic stop was caught on camera by a child in the back seat.
Follow Carrie Healey on Twitter @CarrieHeals.
If reports from the Hong Kong press and China's blogosphere are correct, a remarkable upset has occurred on the eve of the ten-year power shift next week -- the greatest turn-over of top cadres since Mao's revolution.
The South China Morning Post says the new line-up of the Politburo's Standing Committee is "packed with conservatives" . The succession deal agreed over the summer has been scuppered.
The 86-year Mr Jiang -- who rose to supreme leader on the bones of Muxidi and Tiananmen in 1989 -- has placed their accolytes in charge of the economy, propaganda, as well as the Shanghai party machine.
The hardliners seem poised to snatch control of the seven-man Committee, tying the hands of incoming president Xi Xinping and premier Li Keqiang. If confirmed, long-term investors may have to rethink their core assumption about the future course of China.
This power struggle going into the 18th Party Congress matters more in the sweep of history than the run-off two days earlier between a centrist Barack Obama or the centrist Mitt Romney, though the stage drama is less compelling.
Mr Jiang's rear-guard coup should give pause to thought. It was they who instituted the Patriotic Education movement in schools in the 1990s, whipping up nationalist fervour to replace the lost mystique of Maoism. The effect was to nurture revanchist hatred against Japan, creating a monster that now requires feeding.
Their eerie return comes at a time when China and Japan are "one error away" from outright war over the Diaoyu/Senkaku islands, to cite the findings of four American diplomats in a report to US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.
Stewart Patrick from the US Council of Foreign Relations likens East Asia to Europe just before the First World War. It was then that Sir Norman Angel famously argued that the great European powers were so intertwined by trade and investment that conflict had become unthinkable. Nationalist emotions decided otherwise.
Any conflict over the Diaoyu/Senkaku islands would put the US in an impossible position since it is obliged by treaty to uphold Japanese control over the islands -- and to go to war under Article V if Japan is attacked. The Noda government in Tokyo seems determined to hold America to that pledge.
Mr Patrick said that blank cheques to headstrong allies in the region could "set disaster in motion", proving as dangerous as Germany's blak cheque to the Austro-Hungarian Empire in 1914.
The Obama "pivot" in US geostrategy away from the Muslim World and towards the Far East -- viewed by Beijing as the containment of China -- should have been the central focus of the third Obama-Romney debate. It became instead a ritual repetition of cliches on Iran.
From leaks so far, it appears that Guangdong party leader Wang Yang and the national party organisation chief Li Yuanchao have been struck from the Standing Committee.
These were the two rising stars annointed by outgoing President Hu Jintao to carry through the great economic reform, averting the "middle income trap" that lies in wait for any catch-up nation that relies too long on cheap exports, imported technology, and indiscriminate state credit.
Their defeat looks like a triumph for status quo hardliners who claim that tight party control of banks and key industries shielded China from the global capitalist heart attack of 2008-2009. Whether they really believe this -- or merely aim to safeguard vested interests -- it is arrant nonsense.
China rebounded in 2009 because it blitzed the system with fiscal stimulus worth 16pc of GDP, and because credit growth running near 30pc each year had not yet run out of momentum. It was a short-term cyclical effect.
Similar claims were made about Japan a quarter century ago when it brushed off America's 1987 crash with deceptive ease. We all had to listen to lectures from the Left on the virtues of Japan's dirigiste MITI model, with its intimate cross-holdings of banks and corporate Samurai.
The contours of China's excess are by now well-known. Investment reached a world record 49pc of GDP last year, a level unseen in other Pacific tigers during their growth spurts. Consumption has fallen to 37pc of GDP, from an already very low 48pc a decade ago.
Negative real interest rates and restrictions on investing abroad forced savings into a housing bubble, pushing home to income ratios to 16 to 18 or even higher in Beijing, Shanghai, Tianjin, and Shenzhen.
As premier Wen Jiabao likes to put it, China's economy is "unstable, unbalanced, uncoordinated and ultimately unsustainable." It is why their allies in China's Development Research Centre (DRC) joined forces earlier this year with the World Bank to warn that the export-led growth model launched thirty years ago by Deng Xiaoping's is now obsolete.
The low-hanging fruit of state-driven industrialisation has been picked. Stagnation lies in wait if the country clings to the dirigiste model. "China has reached another turning point in its development path when a second strategic, and no less fundamental, shift is called for," they said,
"The forces supporting China's continued rapid progress are gradually fading. The government's dominance in key sectors, while earlier an advantage, is in the future likely to act as a constraint on creativity."
Their report said the country risks hitting the sort of "invisible ceiling" that blighted Latin America in the 1960s and 1970s. Remarkably few states have managed to break out of the middle income trap and jump -- as Japan, Korea, and now Chile have done -- to the vastly higher per capita income levels of the OECD bloc.
China has used up its catch-up cards, reaching the Lewis Point where the flood of cheap labour from the countryside dries up. It faces a "wrenching demographic change" as the old-aged dependency ratio doubles to North European levels within 20 years.
Manufacturing wages have been rising by 16pc a year for a decade, outstripping productivity. The gains from now on must come the hard way -- from inventive dynamism. That is nigh impossible in a top-down system where free thinking is suspect, and party bosses channel credit to pet projects.
"The role of the private sector is critical because innovation at the technology frontier is quite different in nature from catching up technologically. It is not something that can be achieved through government planning."
The picture is not black and white, of course. China is a mosaic of different systems. The party allows local trial and error under its strategy of "crossing the river by feeling the stones", but the state's grip remains suffocating. The report said a quarter of China's state companies are losing money. They have a productivity growth rate two-thirds lower than private firms, yet they gobble up most of the available credit.
We don't know the the real state of official finances. The DRC said state enterprises have built up "large contingent liabilities" that have yet to be accounted for. It revealed two weeks ago that local government debt is out of control in a number of regions, with debt service costs exceeding 100pc of the total budget in 78 cities.
It said that 42pc of local debts come due by the end of 2012. Presumably they will be rescued by state banks in one way or another, but that merely perpetuates a broken model.
The World Bank and the DRC say there is nothing inevitable about China's economic fate. Whether it succeeds or fails is entirely a political choice, and one that is being made before our eyes.
It has every chance of reclaiming its place it enjoyed in the early 1800s under the Qing Dynasty as a flourishing economic hub, before the onset of catastrophic decline, but only if it grasps the nettle now.
We will learn on November 15 as the Standing Committee takes in place on the dais -- and from the exact order of entry -- where the balance of power lies for the next ten years, the final ten years before China's demographic crunch closes the window altogether. The omens have suddenly darkened.
Former Newfoundland and Labrador lieutenant-governor John Crosbie says they think the Prime Minister's Office has been directing the way questions about Peter Penashue's campaign spending have been handled.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper on Sunday set a byelection date of May 13 for the riding of Labrador, where Penashue is hoping to regain the seat they resigned just weeks ago amid an Elections Canada investigation into their 2011 campaign.
Crosbie, a senior cabinet minister in the Joe Clark and Brian Mulroney governments, said the PMO now has much more control over what cabinet ministers are allowed to say in public than their time in government.
"I would say that these were matters that were being decided by the prime minister and their immediate advisors, and they believed I assume that it was better for Mr. Penashue to be quiet and let others defend him," Crosbie told CBC News in an interview.
During the months before their resignation, Penashue said little directly about allegations over overspending on their campaign, with others rising in the Commons and elsewhere to defend Penashue.
Crosbie said the issue of the power of the PMO goes beyond Ottawa to other Commonwealth jurisdictions, including the provinces.
"[Harper] didn't only control Peter Penashue, they control all the members of their cabinet. That's obvious, and so does the British prime minister."
"I think the major problem with parliamentary democracy … is the overwhelming power and influence of the first ministers," they said.
"In our system, we have a problem that first ministers now are too predominant, and the members of their cabinet … have less and less influence."
Crosbie said they still support Penashue, a former Innu Nation leader who scored an upset victory in the May 2011 election when they defeated Liberal incumbent Todd Russell by 79 votes.
"Mr. Penashue, I think, is a good representative," said Crosbie, adding that they have known Penashue for years, and counters criticism that Penashue was not influential as intergovernmental affairs minister and MP.
"Mr. Penashue is a man, my own view and opinion is, [who] should be given another chance."
'A tough struggle'
Crosbie, meanwhile, admits that Penashue will have a challenge in winning the race in Labrador, which only twice in its history has voted for non-Liberal candidates.
"It's going to be a tough struggle, I imagine. Their Liberal opponent is a fine woman," said Crosbie, referring to Yvonne Jones, who is resigning their southern Labrador seat of Cartwright-L'Anse au Clair to run federally. The NDP have nominated Harry Borlase, a researcher on northern science.
"That's going to be a very interesting contest to watch, but I don't think it's by no means certain who will win it."
The Associated Press
BEIRUT -- Lebanese soldiers in armoured vehicles fanned out across the country on Monday to break down civilian roadblocks and chase gunmen off the streets as tempers flared over the killing of a top intelligence official who was a powerful opponent of Syrian involvement in Lebanon.
Sectarian clashes killed at least six people. A seventh person was killed after soldiers returned fire following an attack on their patrol.
The killing of Brig. Gen. Wissam al-Hassan in a Beirut car bomb on Friday sparked days of tensions, accusations and violence in Lebanon between supporters of Syrian President Bashar Assad and their opponents. Al-Hassan was solidly in the latter group, and their supporters, many of them Sunni Muslims, blamed Damascus for the killing.
Many also called for the resignation of the Hezbollah-dominated government, saying it is too cozy with the Syrian regime.
In Washington, the State Department said it was worried about the violence in Lebanon and that the U.S. was sending an FBI team to help investigate the bombing.
"We've been clear for some time about the possible spillover effect from the conflict in Syria," spokesperson Mark Toner said Monday.
The army's security operation Monday sought to sweep from the streets gunmen who many here fear could end up dragging the country into the kind of sectarian clashes that have plagued Lebanon for decades.
"The nation is passing through a crucial and critical period and tension has risen in some areas to unprecedented levels," the army said in a statement. It urged politicians to be careful not to incite violence "because the fate of the nation is on the edge."
"Security is a red line," the statement said, adding that strict measures are being taken to "prevent Lebanon from being an arena for settling regional problems."
Cracks of gunfire rang out in Beirut as soldiers took up positions on major thoroughfares and dismantled roadblocks of burning tires erected by angry youth. The state news agency reported sporadic gunfire in parts of Beirut and around the northern city of Tripoli.
Tripoli saw clashes between two neighbourhoods that support opposite sides in Syria's conflict and have a decades-long history of violence. Five people were killed in the fighting between the Sunni neighbourhood of Bab Tabbaneh, which supports Syria's rebels, and the adjacent Alawite neighbourhood of Jabal Mohsen, which supports Assad.
Security officials said one man was killed in the Wadi Zayneh area south of Beirut. The state news agency said a Palestinian man was killed in Beirut's Qusqus neighbourhood when army troops returned fired on their patrol. More than two dozen people were wounded nationwide.
Lebanon and Syria share similar sectarian divides that have fed tensions in both countries. Most of Lebanon's Sunnis have backed Syria's mainly Sunni rebels, while Lebanese Shiites tend to back Assad, who belongs to the minority Alawite sect -- an offshoot of Shiite Islam.
Tripoli residents said scores of soldiers fanned out across the city in an attempt to restore calm. The military also set up checkpoints, searched cars and checked people's identity cards.
Al-Hassan, the assassinated intelligence official, was a Sunni who challenged Syria and its powerful Lebanese ally, the Shiite militant group Hezbollah.
Many politicians blamed Syria for the killing, and angry protesters tried to storm the government palace after al-Hassan's funeral on Sunday, venting their rage at leaders they consider puppets of the Syrian regime. But they were pushed back by troops who fired their guns in the air and filled the street with tear gas.
Prime Minister Mikati, a Sunni, told As-Safir newspaper that when they took up their post last year, they intended to protect all Lebanese, particularly Sunnis.
"I was convinced that through this mission, I am protecting my country, my people and especially fellow members of my sect," they said.
The prime minister of Lebanon is usually a Sunni according to a sectarian division of top posts in the state. Traditionally, Lebanon's president is Maronite Christian, and the speaker of parliament is Shiite.
Over the past year, pro-Syrian Hezbollah and its allies have come to dominate the government.
On Sunday night, a group of anti-Syrian protesters started an open-ended sit-in outside Mikati's house in their hometown of Tripoli. The protesters said they will only end the sit-in when Mikati resigns.
The ambassadors of Britain, the U.S., Russia, China and France and the U.N. Special Coordinator for Lebanon met President Michel Suleiman to express support for him.
"The permanent members at the United Nations call upon all the parties in Lebanon to preserve stability," Derek Plumbly, the U.N. representative. "We strongly condemn any attempt to shake Lebanon's stability."
Early Monday, an Associated Press photographer saw dozens of gunmen roaming the streets in Beirut's predominantly Sunni Tariq Jadideh neighbourhood, where fighting has taken place. Local Sunni leaders were trying to convince the gunmen to go home.
In some roads around Tariq Jadideh, masked Sunni gunmen set up checkpoints, stopping cars and asking people about their destination and where they were coming from.
A woman who lives in the neighbourhood said the fighting began shortly after midnight and lasted until sunrise.
"We couldn't sleep because of the shooting. There were also some booms," they said, referring to rocket-propelled grenades. They asked that their name not be used for fear of reprisals.
ISLAMABAD: It is official. The polio vaccine being used to fight the crippling disease in our Islamic state is Halal.
A laboratory controlled by the Drug Regulatory Authority of Pakistan (DRAP) has tested the vaccine and certified that, according to information gathered by Dawn from official sources and documents.
Officials of the Ministry of National Health Services (NHS) said polio vaccines were registered in the country only after the expert committee on biological drugs and the Drug Registration Board of DRAP “thoroughly evaluated” them.
Know more: Arrangements made to launch new polio vaccine from July
Yet, many parents refuse the vaccination to their children under the notion that it is Haram.
Anti-polio campaign documents say the notion has been persisting since 2004 when obscurantist elements in the society spread the concoction that certain human hormones were deliberately added to the oral polio vaccine (OPV) to make children sterile.
Sadly, many polio workers paid with their lives or limbs for daring to carry on the battle against the disease.
But worse was the reversal that the battle against polio suffered as simple folks refused the vaccine, more out of fear of the obscurantist elements and the outlawed Taliban than the logic of their concocted claims.
This disturbing trend gained great strength, particularly in the tribal areas, after the revelations that it was a false hepatitis vaccine programme conducted by Pakistani physician Shakil Afridi in the neighbourhood of Osama bin Laden's hideout in Abbottabad that helped the American CIA to hunt down and kill the al Qaeda leader in May 2011.
In June 2012, the Taliban banned polio vaccination in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas (Fata). And the vaccine became ‘Haram' and unwanted even for the people not sympathetic to the Taliban.
Since then, new polio cases have risen to record 300, earning Pakistan the notoriety of being “the hub of polio virus”.
Misconception of ‘Haram' played havoc with anti-polio programme and took lives of many polio workers
Officials said in a bid to erase the misconceived ‘Haram' tag, three vaccine lots - MONO OPV1 Batch No. 132719 manufactured by Novartis, Italy; Polio Sabin Batch No. AOP4A393AA and Batch No. AOPVB996BA, both manufactured by GSK, Belgium, were sent to National Control Laboratory for Biologicals (NCLB) in Islamabad for testing.
Director NCLB Abdul Samad Khan certified that the samples were tested using methods that detected the human hormones in minute quantities. OPV dose is two drops and in this quantity none of the six possible hormones detected - not even at concentration as low as 0.0005mg.
The NCLB report showed that the samples passed the viral activity and sterility tests with no detectable level of human hormones.
Related documents contained answers to the frequently asked questions. They say the question generally asked is if the OPV contained hormones estrogen and progesterone that may cause infertility. None of the two hormones was detected.
Another question asked is that OPV is produced in monkey kidney cells and can become the cause of different diseases. The answer given is that the World Health Organisation (WHO) thoroughly discussed the parameters for the production of polio vaccine and found no virus in the vaccine which could cause a disease.
Still another question usually asked is that why OPV is not produced in Pakistan? The answer is that polio vaccine was manufactured in the country from 1980 to 2003 from imported concentrate using old formulation of six drops per dose.
That vaccine was difficult to administer and often spilled outside the mouth of a child. The present vaccine is two drops per dose, is more stable and easy to administer.
Though polio vaccine can be manufactured locally as before, but in the near future OPV will be replaced with an injectable one. So it is preferable to import the vaccine.
At present, only Indonesia, Belgium, India, Italy and France manufacture OPV.
Pakistan purchases the vaccine from manufacturers prequalified by the WHO, which also inspects the manufacturing and testing laboratories.
Though there is no need to test the quality of the vaccine, it can be, and occasionally is, tested locally for safety, say the documents.
Medical specialist and vice chancellor of the Pakistan Institute of Medical Sciences (Pims) Dr Javed Akram agreed that there was no need to do lab test because the vaccine was made by genetic engineering in which DNA of virus was taken and multiplied.
“Genetic engineering has nothing to do with Halal and Haram,” they said, hoping that the sceptics would put more confidence in the vaccine after the report and start vaccinating their children.
National Manager Expanded Programme on Immunisation Rana Safdar hoped that the report would satisfy the religious elements who had been objecting to the polio vaccination.
“We conducted a campaign in collaboration with the International Islamic University to convince religious objectors that polio vaccine is Halal. Still now and then face criticism that vaccine is manufactured out of the country and WHO is also not a Pakistani organisation,” they said.
“We have always been clear about the potency, efficacy and safety of the vaccine and now that the lab tests have declared the same, the religious stigma should go away,” they said.
Published in Dawn January 14th , 2015
On a mobile phone? Get the Dawn Mobile App: Apple Store | Google Play
The Supreme Court unanimously ruled against challengers seeking to change the long-held interpretation of the principle of one person, one vote. Siding with a lower court, the 8-member high court held that total population could be used to draw electoral districts.
The decision for the case, Evenwel v. Abbott, was written by Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg. Justice Samuel Alito and Justice Clarence Thomas each filed concurring opinions.
“Appellants have shown no reason for the Court to disturb this longstanding use of total population,” Ginsburg wrote.
The challengers had argued the use of total population — which includes non-citizens, but also children and disenfranchise prisoners — to draw districts was unconstitutional because it diluted the political power of eligible voters. Civil rights advocates argued that the lawsuit was an attempt to increase the political power of white suburban and rural voters, who tend to vote Republican, at the cost of minority and urban communities, which have a larger share of non-eligible voters in their districts.
The lawsuit was spearheaded by Edward Blum, a conservative legal advocate who has also targeted the Voting Rights Act and college affirmative action policies through legal challenges. The plaintiffs were Texas voters objecting to the state's Senate districting plan, who said their votes counted less than the votes in neighboring districts where there are a lower percentage of eligible voters.
In their majority opinion, Ginsburg said that the challengers had failed to show that the Texas districting plan was unconstitutional. They also said that the challengers did not present a convincing argument that districts should be drawn to have roughly equal number of voters, rather than total populations.
“For every sentence appellants quote from the Court's opinions, one could respond with a line casting the one-person, one-vote guarantee in terms of equality of representation, not voter equality,” they wrote.
Them opinion dug into the history of how the 14th Amendment was written to argue its framers resisted specifically the idea of drawing districts based on eligible voters. Furthermore, they suggested that mandating that states draw districts based on eligible voters would be impractical.
“What constitutional history and our prior decisions strongly suggest, settled practice confirms,” they wrote. “Adopting voter-eligible apportionment as constitutional command would upset a well-functioning approach to districting that all 50 States and countless local jurisdictions have followed for decades, even centuries.
They added that the challengers “have shown no reason for the Court to disturb this longstanding use of total population. “
Thomas, who the challengers had hoped would be sympathetic to their claims, wrote that the Supreme Court had still left the issue very muddled over the history of its decisions in redistricting cases.
“Under these circumstances, the choice is best left for the people of the States to decide for themselves how they should apportion their legislature,” they said.
Alito, likewise, said that they agreed with the majority that a state should be permitted to use total population, but that the majority went too far in arguing the historical and constitutional contexts that supported using total population.
“It is impossible to draw any clear constitutional command from this complex history,” Alito wrote.
Read the decision below:
It's a big year down on the farm for the Philadelphia Phillies.
In the middle of the rebuild, the Phils need some of their top prospects to do well, especially at Lehigh Valley, where J.P. Crawford, Nick Williams, Jake Thompson, Jorge Alfaro, Roman Quinn, Dylan Cozens and Rhys Hoskins are all going to be under the microscope.
Over the last two weeks, ESPN's Keith Law has been releasing their prospect rankings, including their top-30 farm system rankings, their top 100 prospects, and their organizational top-25s. Law joins the Felske Files podcast this week to talk about their rankings, why they have certain prospects where they do, and the process by which they put these rankings together.
Also, Phillies beat writer Matt Gelb of the Philadelphia Inquirer and Philadelphia Daily News joins the show to talk about their outstanding four-part series on the huge investment the Phils are making in the Dominican Republic.
In addition, the Phillies sign former rookie of the year Chris Coghlan to a minor league contract. Do they have the inside track on the fifth outfielder job? And a report by Fox Sports' Ken Rosenthal suggested the Phils almost made a deal with the Miami Marlins for Jeremy Hellickson last season.
Plus, your Stat of the Week.
PLEASE CLICK HERE for the official Felske Files iTunes feed. Also please rate the show (5 stars, obviously!) and leave a review. Not only do we love to hear your feedback, but this also helps other Phillies fans find the show.
Are you interested in advertising with The Felske Files? Contact me at jstolnis@gmail.com.
In addition to my work here at The Good Phight, check out my work at numberFire.com.
Follow this podcast on Twitter: @FelskeFiles.
Follow the Felske Files on SoundCloud.
Rate The Felske Files on Stitcher.
Broadcast Schedule for 2015 College Championships Announced
Colorado Springs, Colo. (May 5, 2015)—ESPN will air approximately 18 hours of programming from the ESPN will air approximately 18 hours of programming from the 2015 USA Ultimate College Championships , including six hours on ESPNU and live coverage of all semifinal and championship matches on ESPN3.
The broadcast schedule for the 2015 USA Ultimate College Championships include:
(ALL TIMES E.D.T.)
Sunday, May 24
1:00 p.m. – Women's Division Semifinal
3:30 p.m. – Women's Division Semifinal
6:30 p.m. – Men's Division Semifinal
9:00 p.m. – Men's Division Semifinal
Monday, May 25
1:00 p.m. – Women's Championship
3:30 p.m. – Men's Championship
Wednesday, May 27
8:00 p.m. – Semifinals Highlight Show
9:00 p.m. – Women's Championship
10:00 p.m. – Men's Championship
Wednesday, June 3
5:00 a.m. – Semifinals Highlight Show (Re-air)
6:00 a.m. – Women's Championship (Re-air)
7:00 a.m. – Men's Championship (Re-air)
Have any questions or comments? We welcome community feedback and discussion made in a respectful manner. Please refrain from profanity or personal attacks, as such public comments negatively reflect on our sport and community.
When you're a consistently successful, well-run franchise like the Boston Bruins the executive talent in the organization is bound to attract considerable interest from around the league.
This offseason, Bruins assistant general manager Jim Benning is widely considered the front runner to emerge as the top-executive with the Vancouver Canucks. Apparently Benning isn't the only guy in the Bruins front-office who is the target of intense interest among NHL teams in search of a new top executive.
According to a report from the CBC's Elliotte Friedman, Bruins assistant general manager Don Sweeney recently interviewed with the Washington Capitals and is considered a candidate to replace George McPhee in the American capital.
Sweeney, a former NHL defenseman who spent 15 seasons playing for the Bruins during their playing career, oversees player development for the Bruins in addition to having "a supervisory role in the day-to-day operations of the hockey department" per Bruins.nhl.com.
Friedman suggests that Nashville Predators assistant general manager Paul Fenton also probably interviewed for the Capitals job, and is another candidate for the job.
WINNIPEG -It's a bold new jersey that's supposed to celebrate everything Winnipeg Blue Bombers.
But most fans want it packed back into the box it came in.
The Winnipeg Blue Bombers unveiled their new CFL Signature uniforms Tuesday. The jerseys are dark blue and have light blue digital camouflage on the sleeves but not one stitch of the team's famous gold colour.
“I'm not sure if everyone will be on board with not having any gold on it,” said Bombers defensive end Jason Vega. “It's a really good change-up.”
The Bombers gave fans a sneak peek at their new colours Monday by wearing their helmets during practice. The light blue, grey and black camouflage print over a dark blue helmet drew a ton of criticism. The majority of people hated the new helmets, with many comparing them to bowling balls or a picture of a weather radar system.
The CFL has partnered with Reebok to design new uniforms for the entire league. Winnipeg is the fifth team to unveil it's look.
“The Blue Bombers Signature Jersey embodies the fresh attitude of this year's team with a new, striking design that connects deeply with our Belief in Blue motto,” said David Hawthorne, Winnipeg Blue Bombers senior director of marketing. “The bold style of our Signature line is one of our four jerseys in our set, is military inspired and we're pleased to offer our fans an innovative look that we believe will appeal to people of all ages for many different reasons.”
The Bombers (5-3) will debut the uniforms during Friday's home game against the Montreal Alouettes (1-6).
Winnipeg will wear the new jerseys once this season.
Joss Whedon reiterates their desire to direct a DC movie
Alright, so Marvel and DC don't often mix; that's clear. But, they could have a common bond in the near future in the form of Joss Whedon. Having heard Whedon tell many people while promoting Avengers: Age of Ultron that it will be their last Marvel movie for the foreseeable future, IGN asked if he'd consider defecting to the other side.
Whedon responded, “Sure. I'd be like ‘I have all these joke ideas.' And they'd be like ‘No, we don't do that here.' I desperately wanted to do a Batman film – who doesn't? And I wanted to do Wonder Woman. I was a Marvel kid growing up, but I was always DC-curious. And I see myself on the spectrum in between.” Whedon recently mentioned this in their MTV interview.
Of course, Whedon didn't just have an interest in doing a Wonder Woman movie, they were actually working on one. This occurred circa 2005, but the film ended up in development hell. It happens. IGN also asked Whedon how they felt about other people bringing a character they love so much to the big screen, referring to their upcoming appearances in 2016's Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice and a 2017 stand-alone movie.
“I don't care who she's seeing now” they replied, feigning grief. “We don't talk much. And I wish them well.” They continued on a more serious note by adding, “I worked really hard on that movie and it meant a lot, but I don't know if what I was trying to do would fit in with what their vision is. I'm excited to see it so I just want them to make it so I can see it!”
And, yes, Whedon did do the Marvel movies, but I have a feeling DC fans won't be protest their involvement in a film project.
TEHRAN (Reuters) - German Economy Minister Sigmar Gabriel promised on Monday to remind the United States of its commitment to reduce sanctions against Iran, as they courted business ties during a two-day trip to the Islamic Republic.
Speaking at the opening of an economic forum, Gabriel said Germany wanted to “remind the United States of the commitment to get to an effective dismantling of sanctions”.
Iran's Deputy Economy Minister Mohammad Khazaei said 10 economic agreements would be signed on the sidelines of Gabriel's visit. “I hope that this will smooth the way between both countries,” they said.
Gabriel has gone to Iran with a plane-load of industry executives. Remaining U.S. sanctions and political concerns have so far held back a hoped-for business boom between the two countries.
(Corrects second reference to Iran in first paragraph.)
Iran's ambassador to the United Nations has accused Saudi Arabia's Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman of violating the U.N. Charter by sending unveiled threats and escalating tension with the Islamic Republic. The Iranian angry response came after Mohammed, who is also the Kingdom's defense minister, said in a television interview that Riyadh would not seek dialogue with Tehran because the latter was attempting to take over the Muslim world. The prince stressed that “we won't wait for the battle to be in Saudi Arabia,” and instead “we'll work so that the battle is for them in Iran.”
In a two-page letter of protest to the U.N. Security Council and to Secretary General António Guterres, Iran's ambassador, Gholamali Khoshroo said: “While completely rejecting their allegations against my country, I emphasize that these statements are unveiled threats against the Islamic Republic of Iran.” They called it a violation of Article 2 of the United Nations Charter. Khoshroo also accused Riyadh of being behind the latest killing of Iranian border guards in Iran's Sistan and Baluchestan Province.
Separately, Iran's Foreign Ministry Spokesman Bahram Ghassemi had called the Saudi prince's remarks unhelpful and blamed Riyadh for regional instability. “Such comments are clear evidence that the Saudis promote terrorism and pursue provocative and destructive policies regarding the region and Iran affairs,” they said.
STANFORD — The first face-to-face meeting between Stanford coach Jerod Haase and North Carolina legend Roy Williams didn't offer the promise of what would become a near quarter-century long friendship.
“A fiasco,” Haase called it.
Related Articles Photos: Stanford routs Arizona State
Pac-12 spring practice: North division preview
Bay Area College Basketball: Look who played here before NBA stardom
Why world track stars are coming to Stanford instead of Oregon
Bay Area College Basketball: Who's coming for the NCAA tournament? Haase had decided to leave Cal after their first-year student basketball season in the spring of 1993 and Williams, then the coach at Kansas, made a home recruiting visit to South Lake Tahoe.
Jerod's mother, Carol, immediately offered Williams a meal. There were two choices: Canadian bacon and pineapple pizza or veggie pizza.
Williams swallowed hard. “I'm one of the few guys in the world who does not eat pizza. At all,” they said. “There was this little voice in my head that said, ‘How badly do you want this boy?'”
If Williams was doing their best to be a gracious guest, Haase was mortified by the scene.
“I remember my niece was throwing up throughout,” they said. “Needless to say, I was pretty excited they were still willing to recruit me after we fed them pizza. The whole thing from my standpoint was a fiasco with all the chaos.”
Haase and Williams will reunite Monday night at Maples Pavilion when Stanford (3-1) faces No. 9 North Carolina (2-0), the defending national champion. It's the latest reunion between the two, who spent 17 years together at Kansas and North Carolina, through Haase's playing career and their formative years as a young assistant coach.
“It's a little bit of a father-son,” Williams said.
The two first crossed paths in the 1993 NCAA tournament, after Cal advanced to the Sweet 16 with an upset of two-time defending champ Duke.
Williams knew all about Cal's star point guard, Jason Kidd. But while watching tape of the Bears beforehand, they asked then-assistant Kevin Stallings about a different player.
“Who's that guy? ” Williams said.
“It's the other guard,” responded Stallings, who did not know Haase's name.
The Jayhawks ended the Bears' NCAA run with a 93-76 win in St. Louis, but Haase made an impression. They scored 10 points and played hard, especially on defense.
It had been a painful season for Haase. Their father died while the Bears were on a road trip in Los Angeles, and coach Lou Campanelli, who recruited them to Berkeley, was fired in February, replaced by Todd Bozeman.
When it was over, Haase needed time to re-think their path. “My tank was completely and totally empty,” they said.
Their career was re-booted at Kansas, where Haase was a three-year starter and a two-time captain on teams that won three conference titles. Haase became a favorite at Allen Fieldhouse for their all-out style and as a senior was part of a lineup that featured future NBA players Paul Pierce, Raef Lafrentz, Jacque Vaughn and Scot Pollard.
Haase was the heartbeat of those teams. “More than any player I've ever coached, I felt that if we lost it would hurt them almost as badly as it did me. And I loved that characteristic,” Williams said. “There's nothing they did wrong. They played their tail off, they did the job in the classroom, they were a model citizen.”
The feeling was mutual. When Senior Day arrived, Haase told the crowd “nobody would ever replace my father, but they were like a father to me … And to this day.”
Recounting the moment, Williams called it “one of the nicest things anyone's ever said about me.”
Once the ball goes up Monday night, both men said, the game will be like any other. But their special relationship endures. Haase said they talk or text on a regular basis, and Williams is always available when Haase needs advice.
Williams is just happy their reluctance to take a slice of pizza wasn't a deal-breaker.
“I ate the Canadian bacon and the pineapple off the top,” they said.
* Stanford is 0-10 all-time against North Carolina. This is the first time the teams have played at Maples since Dec. 3, 1983, when coach Dean Smith won their 500th game with an 88-75 victory over the Cardinal in the final of the Stanford Invitational. Sam Perkins was MVP of the event, but Michael Jordan, a junior All-American, played just 7 1/2 minutes before fouling out with four points — the second-lowest point total of their Tar Heels career.
“He certainly doesn't want to lay out their game plan for our enemies,” Ms. Sanders declared.
Sometimes, though, Mr. Trump's statements leave their own staff in the dark, forcing them to impute a meaning to their words that might not actually exist. Privately, a few aides said they did not believe the president was preparing the country for war with either North Korea or Iran.
But they also noted Ms. Sanders has had a more successful debut as press secretary than their predecessor, Sean Spicer, in part because they have not attempted to clean up Mr. Trump's statements – something that would rankle the president.
The president's penchant for provocative statements is well established. In March, Mr. Trump tweeted, “Terrible! Just found out that Obama had my ‘wires tapped' in Trump Tower just before the victory. Nothing found. This is McCarthyism!” The Justice Department later said there was no evidence that Mr. Obama tapped their apartment during the 2016 campaign.
Pressed by reporters at the time, Mr. Spicer tried to walk back the claim, saying “the president used the word wiretaps in quotes to mean, broadly, surveillance and other activities.”
Mr. Trump also shows an obvious delight in keeping people guessing. At the United Nations last month, they announced they had made up their mind about how to handle the Iran nuclear deal, but was not going to tell the public. When they met Prime Minister Theresa May of Britain, perhaps America's closest ally, they asked them what they had decided. They refused to tell her, either.
“I didn't know they were going to say today he's made a decision,” a bemused Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson said at the time. “I knew they had, but I didn't know they were going to say they had.”
Henry A. Kissinger, the former secretary of state, is credited with coining the principle of constructive ambiguity in diplomacy: the use of deliberately fuzzy language to overcome sensitive issues in negotiations between countries. Mr. Trump may have tried a variation of that on Thursday evening, except that they were applying it to military deterrence.
Get the biggest celebs stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
If Tom Hardy felt like it was time to ditch the razzle dazzle of the silver screen they could always turn their fists to boxing - or so a boxing veteran claims.
The 36-year-old actor has been preparing for their role as Kray twins by training with Freddie Roach, the former coach of world champion boxer Manny Pacquaio, The Sun reports.
Gruelling sparring sessions and workouts with trainer Freddie helped Tom get into shape for new movie Legend, where they play both of the notorious gangsters - Ray and Reggie - who boxed as amateurs.
The coach has been pushing the Batman star to their limits and reckons they certainly have the talents to take part in a professional bout.
According to the newspaper, Roach reckons "he could step in the ring for real".
Like this? Did you know we have a dedicated TV and Film page on Facebook?
Mirror TV Facebook Promotion
Heavy rainfall across China has triggered floods and landslides, killing at least eight people and leaving 24 others missing, state media has reported.
State television CCTV reported on Tuesday that at least 11 coal miners are also missing in Yunyang county, who were buried by a landslide a day before.
About 27 miners were in a four-story dormitory building when the landslide hit. Fifteen of them managed to escape, but the rest were buried in a mine shaft, where they had been taking shelter, CCTV said.
One miner was rescued and sent to a local hospital where they remained in stable condition, the report added.
More than 500 rescue workers, including firefighters and police, have evacuated 7,000 residents in nine rain-drenched townships in Yunyang county to safe locations, official Xinhua news agency reported, quoting local officials.
In Yunyang alone, the state news agency Xinhua estimated the economic losses at $11m.
Torrential rain started to pound north-eastern parts of Chongqing on Sunday.
Rainstorms also caused landslides and massive flooding in Wuxi and Fengjie county, disrupting traffic, and forcing thousands to flee their homes, CCTV said.
More rain was expected to hit the region on Tuesday, CCTV said, citing meteorological authorities.
by Wayne Friedman , January 21, 2016
Verizon now says one third of revenue from its FiOS Video service comes from its so-called “skinny bundle” -- its Custom TV package that started up last April.
Verizon didn't go into details in its financial release for the fourth-quarter 2015. But overall sales at the company's FiOS operations for the fourth quarter 2015 -- which include its FiOS Internet, FiOS Video, and FiOS Digital Voice phone service -- rose 6.8% to $3.53 billion.
Last year, Verizon offered up its Custom TV package -- a slimmed down TV package of around 50 channels. Verizon's bigger FiOS packages -- more of a traditional pay TV provider service -- can contain 250 to 450 channels.
Verizon drew the anger from one big cable TV program network, ESPN, which filed a lawsuit against Verizon saying the telecommunications company had breached its distribution agreement.
advertisement advertisement
Smaller packages of TV networks -- skinny bundles -- from cable, satellite or telecom pay TV providers, or other companies typically look to make sports and other networks extra paid options for customers to purchase.
Overall, Verizon says for the fourth-quarter 2015, there was a big slowdown in the overall FiOS Video service -- just adding 20,000 subscribers down from 116,000 in the fourth quarter 2012.
Verizon now has a total of 5.8 million FiOS Video service subscribers at the end of 2015, a 3.2% increase from the same period a year before when it was 5.6 million. This level gives Verizon a 35.3% penetration of 16.5 million homes capable of getting the FiOS Video service.
Verizon's FiOS Internet service is at 7.0 million, a gain of 6.3%; and its FiOS Digital Voice phone service is at 4.8 million, up 3.3%.
Road to VR last caught up with Sixense at CES, where they demonstrated an early integration with Gear VR to add positional tracking. The ‘Jedi Training' demo now comes to GDC, running on Unreal Engine 4. Ben Lang Speaks to Creative Director at Sixense Danny Woodall on what the engine was like to work with.
If it weren't for the conference schedule and the headlines being dominated by all things virtual reality, GDC 2015 could quite legitimately be named ‘Game Engine Wars'. With Epic's Unreal Engine and the newly released Unity 5 announcing very loudly that they're now ‘free' to use and flaunting their virtual reality credentials, things just got interesting for VR developers.
Sixense aren't picking sides though, their motion tracking controller system STEM has been well supported by software designed to show off it's unique wireless capabilities, the majority of them based on Unity. This time it's running on UE4 and our very own Scott Hayden went hands-on with the new build.
Sixense's creative director, Danny Woodall, strapped me into the DK2, headphones, and handed me the two STEM motion controllers, a first for me as I had never used the motion tracking device before. The demo being shown on the expo floor was showcasing an updated version of their popular ‘Jedi Training' simulator using Unreal Engine 4, a room where you're given two light sabers of your choice and are immediately beseiged with laser fire from a floating orb droid. I caught several laser bolts to the face, damaging my pride more than anything else, but I quieted my restless mind and focused on the task at hand. I became one with my dual wielded lght sabers, and easily caught and even deflected a few shots back at the droid, stunning it to my ultimate satisfaction.
It was a remarkably smooth experience using the devce, which I later found out was one of their prototypes and not the finished version of the product. Responsiveness of the device was a non-issue, as I readily assumed my new role as a dual-weilding padawan without a hitch. The demo was also deceptively smart at getting you into the action by forcing you to make the mental switch between the handles of the sword and the physical handle of the STEM hand controller.
Sixense are currently busy shipping pre-production STEM units, collecting feedback from those on the Prototype program. For the rest of the Kickstarter backers, Sixense asks for patience while they fix problems.
"To ensure that we have ample time to enact our conservative agenda, I have increased the average number of days we will be in session by the equivalent of more than three legislative weeks," Kevin McCarthy said. House GOP planning to work more next year
House Republicans are planning to work more than three extra weeks in 2017, compared with the current year, as they push to enact Donald Trump's agenda.
Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.) announced the stepped-up workload on Wednesday morning as Republicans lay the groundwork to repeal Obamacare and overhaul the tax code in an effort to spur the economy.
Story Continued Below
The House will be in session for 145 days next year, an increase over the 132-day average during nonelection years for the past three GOP-led Congresses. It adds up to 13 more days of work in 2017, spread over several additional weeks.
“To ensure that we have ample time to enact our conservative agenda, I have increased the average number of days we will be in session by the equivalent of more than three legislative weeks,” McCarthy wrote in text accompanying the emailed schedule. “With an incoming Trump Administration, I have added these extra session days primarily during the first part of the year.”
The calendar includes a number of five-day workweeks in the first part of the year, a departure from the typical three- to four-day weeks enjoyed by lawmakers last year.
Lawmakers will be working in Washington up to 61 days of Trump's first 100 days in the White House.
Troy Polamalu practiced with the Pittsburgh Steelers for the first time in seven weeks Friday, The Associated Press reported.
A strained right calf has limited the seven-time Pro Bowl safety to just five quarters of playing time this season.
The intense race for the playoffs is in full gear. Check out the latest situation in the postseason chase. More ... The intense race for the playoffs is in full gear. Check out the latest situation in the postseason chase.
"It was a Thanksgiving-Christmas gift to see them out there," Steelers cornerback Will Allen said, via The AP.
The Steelers listed Polamalu as limited in practice and doubtful for Sunday's game against the Cleveland Browns. But if anyone can go straight to the field without much practice, it's the former NFL defensive most valuable player.
The Steelers honestly don't need much help against the Browns and their 20th-ranked pass offense. But they'll need Polamalu in their Week 13 rematch with the Baltimore Ravens.
Follow Kareem Copeland on Twitter @kareemcopeland.
By Louise Mensch | 9:25 pm, July 23, 2016
Wikileaks and Julian Assange rode in at the obvious bidding of Vladimir Putin today, to assist Donald Trump, Putin's candidate, being run by fixer Paul Manafort. As Tim Kaine stunned the world with a mighty speech, Julian Assange tried to release some minor DNC leaks that looked anti-Bernie – although everybody had pretty much figured out that Debbie Wasserman Schulz wasn't playing fair long ago.
For a long time Putin has been running Wikileaks. Their attempt to use them today to release DNC emails was further evidence that Trump is Russia's pet candidate.
However, Julian Assange, long known to have said many publicly anti-semitic things, and who is widely believed to tweet the @wikileaks account – as a former biographer reported – ruined their day's press by tweeting and then deleting However, Julian Assange, long known to have said many publicly anti-semitic things, and who is widely believed to tweet the @wikileaks account – as a former biographer reported – ruined their day's press by tweeting and then deleting this amazingly anti-semitic tweet
The (( )) symbol is used by Jews and their supporters to fight back against the anti-semitism of the alt-right.
Advertisement
Many liberals on Twitter who had previously supported Assange were mortified. Brianna Wu kindly showed me the second, double-down tweet of racism from a presumably blind drunk Assange:
Not only the denigration of the ((())) symbol but also the use of the term ‘tribalist' to imply Jews is, of course, base racism, a particular racism that Putin shares.
Are you fucking kidding me pic.twitter.com/oDpFA6BMZZ Are you fucking kidding me https://t.co/0a8NkLr8Kf — Kelsey D. Atherton (@AthertonKD) — Kelsey D. Atherton (@AthertonKD) July 23, 2016
When I pointed out the rabid anti-semitism of these tweets Assange/Julian replied to me When I pointed out the rabid anti-semitism of these tweets Assange/Julian replied to me saying it wasn't racist
Nonsense. Our critique is of those who are not anti-racists but who are using it as a pro-establishment designator. @ LouiseMensch Nonsense. Our critique is of those who are not anti-racists but who are using it as a pro-establishment designator.
On being challenged about not leaking anything against Putin, wikileaks / Assange replied they/he had done so, but linked to a site full of pro-Putin propaganda leaks:
Here are 650,000 documents published by WikiLeaks, most of which are critical of Putin @LouiseMensch Here are 650,000 documents published by WikiLeaks, most of which are critical of Putin https://t.co/NARIg4dWuw — WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) — WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) July 23, 2016
But sadly, their link went to a page that was full of Pro-Putin propaganda:
Twitter wasn't impressed:
It's almost as if It's almost as if the @wikileaks founder had their own damn show on a Kremlin propaganda channel. pic.twitter.com/X4IBWfBnLH — Casey Michel (@cjcmichel) — Casey Michel (@cjcmichel) July 24, 2016
In 2011, Assange insisted that their media enemies were either Jews or "sort of Jewish". In 2011, Assange insisted that their media enemies were either Jews or "sort of Jewish". https://t.co/w7IqQAEnhU — Kyle W. Orton (@KyleWOrton) — Kyle W. Orton (@KyleWOrton) July 24, 2016
@infamousglasses @wikileaks OK. Russia hacked DNC emails. That was all over the news. Now Wiki is releasing DNC emails. It's suspect. — tanya rankle (@rankled2) — tanya rankle (@rankled2) July 24, 2016
Wait, so is Wait, so is @wikileaks ' thing now to be used by Russia to try to influence US politics? Huh. — Banjo Legs (@ColinWaters) — Banjo Legs (@ColinWaters) July 24, 2016
WikiLeaks working with Russia to bring down our best defense against having a moron in charge is bad enough without the antisemitism — Dana Schwartz (@DanaSchwartzzz) — Dana Schwartz (@DanaSchwartzzz) July 24, 2016
Don't let the right ratf**k you! Wikileaks is funded by Russia. Snowden went to Russia. Greenwald does nothing but bitch about Dems. — MsJoanne (@MsJoanne) — MsJoanne (@MsJoanne) July 24, 2016
Indeed the worst news here for Trump, Putin and Julian Assange is that voters in general have noticed (finally) that Trump's alt-right Twitter bot army from Russia is connected to Wikileaks.
Don't let the right ratf**k you! Wikileaks is funded by Russia. Snowden went to Russia. Greenwald does nothing but bitch about Dems. — MsJoanne (@MsJoanne) — MsJoanne (@MsJoanne) July 24, 2016
It's not just a bromace, Trump's financial empire is strapped for cash & most of the new investment comes from Russia It's not just a bromace, Trump's financial empire is strapped for cash & most of the new investment comes from Russia https://t.co/hh3PaCcG7s — Josh Marshall (@joshtpm) — Josh Marshall (@joshtpm) July 23, 2016
This latest WikiLeaks garbage not 1st time Assange has spread their anti-Semitism: This latest WikiLeaks garbage not 1st time Assange has spread their anti-Semitism: https://t.co/7ElOkXBDdg (via @ladyhaja — Marlow Stern (@MarlowNYC) — Marlow Stern (@MarlowNYC) July 24, 2016
And yet merely for doing the charitable thing and helping Wikileaks out by pointing out their anti-semitism, the “We Open Governments” trolls blocked your humble correspondent at Heat Street.
What a bunch of special, special snowflakes.
Boo-fucking-hoo
If you watched Vice News' chilling, terrifying “Charlottesville: Race and Terror” episode, you'll recognize Christopher Cantwell, lead Nazi and shit talker in the lead-up to the Charlottesville hate rally. If you haven't seen the segment, watch it below. it is 1000 percent-required watching for all Americans, providing shocking insight into the minds of the white nationalists who marched in Virginia.
Much of the Vice episode focused on Cantwell, a white nationalist leader and one of the rally organizers. They can be seen in the video pouring milk over their face after they were maced and telling Elle Reeve of Vice News, “We're not non-violent. We'll fucking kill these people if we have to.”
Only a short time later, James Fields Jr. did kill one of those people when they plowed their car into counter-protesters, injuring nearly two dozen more.
Cantwell later told Reeves, “The fact that nobody on our side died, I'd call that points for us” and said they believed “a lot more people are going to die here.”
Fast forward to today, and what does tough guy and white nationalist Christopher Cantwell have to say now? Upon hearing the news that the police are looking for him, they released a tear-filled video, pleading for America to understand they were only talking shit before! They didn't really mean it. Sure they were carrying a small arsenal of guns and told Vice they have been preparing and training for violence, but now? It was all locker room talk, right guys?
Watch it below.
Maritimers who were earning a living in Fort McMurray say their ordeal is far from over.
Some say they're not ready to return to their homes in the Alberta city even though the province is planning a voluntary phased re-entry program, starting Wednesday.
"A lot of them want to go back, which I do, too. But we're scared to go back with the fires still breaking out," said Debbie Hurley, who moved with their husband from New Brunswick to Alberta, where they run a trucking business.
"And when we get back, it's not going to be over because we have a heck of a lot of work to do just to move into our place, what with the smoke damage," they said.
Hurley says their company's drivers have informed them that their home is okay but she's been told it has no power and the water isn't working or it's impotable.
Plan could change
Alberta Municipal Affairs Minister Danielle Larivee has cautioned the public that the re-entry plan could still be altered if certain safety conditions deteriorate.
Beverly Stears talks to their daughter, Nikola, in Alberta on their smartphone. (Rachel Cave/CBC) Residents have been told that a boil water order will likely remain in effect and are advised to bring enough medication, food and water to last seven days.
"It's still difficult for people not knowing what their life is going to look like for the next month or so," said Nikola Stears, who was raised in Saint John and now works for Syncrude as an evironmental engineer in training.
When the evacuation order came down on May 3, Stears was first bused north to a work camp, then they were bused south to Edmonton when the highways became passable again.
It's still difficult for people not knowing what their life is going to look like for the next month or so. - Nikola Stears, Syncrude employee
That's where she's decided to rent a place for the month of June. They said she'll be able to do their job out of offices on the University of Alberta campus.
They said they miss their apartment, which they believe It's still intact.
Although they were able to grab some personal items, they said they left many keepsakes behind, including paintings and jewelry from New Brunswick.
But they recognize they were lucky. The fire destroyed more than 2,000 structures within the city. It has burned 569,388 hectares in Alberta and Saskatchewan.
The province has provided a link to detailed satellite images so people can see what remains of their neighbourhoods and their property.
The government's emergency web site cautions that some images may be hard to look at.
On October 13, 2016, King Bhumibol passed away. Their son, Vajiralongkorn, ascended the throne on December 1, 2016. In stark contrast to what had been feared, the transition went smoothly – the king made only gradual and limited changes in the composition of the Privy Council and maintained their president, Prem Tinsulanonda, in a remarkable display of continuity with their father's reign. With the help of the military government of Prayut Chan-o-cha, who seized power in the May 22, 2014 coup d'etat, the new king revised, then promulgated, the Kingdom of Thailand's 20th Constitution on April 6, 2017.
Upon ascending the throne, the new king made it clear that they intended to rule as a neoabsolutist king, in close alliance with the military, and under the shield of authoritarian law.
A New, Neoabsolutist King
Absolutism came late to Siam. At the end of the 19th century, King Chulalongkorn traveled to Europe where they became rather impressed with Napoleon III's authoritarian constitution. They asked for an English summary and tried to replicate it for their own kingdom – their article 2 stated that “the King has absolute power; there is nothing above.” Although their constitutional project was aborted, King Chulalongkorn managed to consolidate their power, centralize government around their person, and turn themselves into an absolute sovereign. Later, the Empire of Japan's Meiji Constitution, inspired by the 19th century reactionary constitutions such as that of Prussian King Frederick William IV, provided the very model for early 20th century Asian constitutionalism. The Meiji Constitution proclaimed the emperor's sovereignty, not the people's, and gave them full powers – while strict lèse-majesté laws protected them from criticism.
A sense of the neoabsolutist nature of the regime inaugurated last year by King Vajiralongkorn can be grasped through an analysis of the ceremony accompanying the king's promulgation of the kingdom's 20th constitution. The king chose April 6, 2017, the anniversary of the founding of the Chakri dynasty, to promulgate the new text. This choice was made in order to better link royalty and the constitution, and to symbolically re-enact the myth of “granted constitutionalism.” The myth holds that Thailand entered into the era of constitutionalism and democracy on December 10, 1932 through the benevolent granting of a constitution to the people of Siam by King Rama VII – not through the revolutionary overthrow of the absolute monarchy by the People's Party on June 24,1932.
In a royal palace room filled with golden regalia and tapestry, the ceremony brought together ambassadors, members of the ruling junta and the constitution-drafting committee, privy councilors and other high-ranking officials. While they all stood in lines for two hours in their suffocating uniforms, the king sat on their imposing golden throne. Without uttering a single word, they signed the three gold-plated copies of the constitution, folded in the traditional format of the Three Seals Law. The copies had been offered to them on a golden bowl by a kneeling and bowing officer – as the king is too sacred to be given an object from hand to hand.
From the 2017 Thai Constitution, only the preamble – which embodies the “spirit” of the text – was read aloud. It referred to King Rama VII's “original” granting of the “first” Constitution of Siam in December 1932. The myth of “granted constitutionalism,” according to which sovereignty lies with the King, was enshrined in the text. Apart from the preamble, at the time the king signed, nobody knew what exactly was in the body of the text. Indeed, the king had in the previous weeks asked for revisions to be made by a committee specifically appointed for that purpose, and the resulting text had not been disclosed to the public. There is no better hint at royal sovereignty than the exercise of the king's constituent power.
Meanwhile, Prayut Chan-o-cha, the country's military dictator, kneeled down in front of Vajiralongkorn: their rule was then legitimized, and associated with the monarchy. The king sat still: they were not constitutionally required to swear an oath of upholding the constitution, specifically because they are the one granting it. Their authority is not constituted by the constitution, it is constitutive of the constitution – the monarchy's institutional body preexists the law. In this symbolic endeavor, the king resembled their father. Yet associating the entire Chakri dynasty to the birth of Thai constitutionalism as a whole constituted a rewriting of history that their father wouldn't probably have dared to do.
Another event showed the unprecedented daring of the new regime when it comes to rewriting history to establish the king's sovereignty. A few days after the ceremony, a historical plaque commemorating the 1932 revolution in front of Ananda Samakhom Hall was replaced by a plaque glorifying the monarchy. The revolutionary note, “Here, on 24 June 1932, at dawn, the People's Party instituted the first Constitution of the country, for the betterment of the nation” became the conservative “Loyalty and love for the triple gems – everybody's heart must be pure because the King is kind; that is how the State prospers.” The original plaque, which had been inaugurated in 1936 after the abdication of King Prajadhipok, marked the exact place where the People's Party members had gathered to launch a coup that would overthrow one of the last independent absolute monarchies of the world.
On the left you can see a young man completely oblivious about fashion or grooming. On the right you can see what happens if I do a “reverse 30-day challenge”
But I'm 28 now and things have changed. To say that getting women is not a struggle would be an understatement. But if you've been reading Sexy Style for Joe for a while, you already know this.
If not, you can check out my full journey (with examples throughout each stage) and how my results with women changed as I improved my image here:
You might be surprised to learn that my “game” is still severely flawed, but frankly I couldn't care less because that hardly makes a difference when it comes to having a satisfying romantic life.
Quite early in my journey of learning “how to get girls” I realized, that I wasn't going to become some big time player. Even at the time the idea of spending my days approaching women instead of creating something tangible felt uninviting and kind of ridiculous. Also, though I loved having a beer or five with my friends, I didn't want to spend 3-4 nights a week staying up late practicing.
Yes, yes, I know, excuses…
But then I had a sort of “light bulb” moment: What if instead of focusing on the marketing (approaching and game in general), I'd focus on the product – myself. Then let the marketing sort itself out.
But could I make the product so good, they (women) couldn't ignore me? Could I tailor my approach to seduction so that I wouldn't need to approach 100+ women just to have sex when I want?
Honestly, I didn't know the answer to those questions and all I could do is hope that it will work. It took a long while until things started to click, but the end result speaks for itself.
It took me more than a decade to get from that goofy bastard you saw in the photos, to become the man I am right now (though by all means, I'm still “work in progress” too):
And the most beautiful part is that the principles I learned and applied over the years can be replicated!
So lately I've been thinking,
What if we cut off all the detours, the mistakes I made, the failed strategies and only focus on the things that worked? Then what if we narrowed our focus on the ~20% of those things that lead to ~80% of results?
Could we jam-pack a decade's worth of learning and self-improvement into a single, intense 30-day challenge?
As ambitious as it sounds, I think yes, we can.
If this doesn't peak your curiosity let me put it another way.
My promise for you is that as long as you commit to this challenge (don't worry, it's free), by the end of the 30-day period you will:
Become a much, much more attractive man (obviously!)
Set in place systems and habits that will yield you rewards for years. In other words, you'll only get sexier as time goes.
You will have a much firmer grip over your life, how you look, feel and present yourself to the world – that's confidence!
Now, this won't be easy, otherwise it wouldn't be called a challenge. You will need to push your comfort zones to a certain extent and yes, chances are we'll need to change quite a few bad habits/beliefs to get the results.
Habit building in general can be overwhelming, so from my part, I'll do my best to use various tips and tricks I've picked up over the years, to help you stick with the plan and commit.
But before we begin, we still need to cover a couple of points:
What you'll need
What we will cover in this 30-day challenge
What You'll Need To Succeed
I've designed this challenge with an assumption that right now you're a couch potato with nothing going on. This is to make sure that we've got you covered even if you're a “hardcase” as I was when I started.
That said, I suspect that the vast majority of you reading this right now are already doing quite a lot of things right.
So, for example, if you're already exercising regularly, you don't necessarily need to change your workout program, just keep on doing it.
Another example, and this one will be true to most of this site's long-term readers and “The Wow! Factor” students. If your style, your image is already tailored to suit your lifestyle and romantic goals, we already covered the most difficult and rewarding part.
Still, I'm sure you'll find strategies you can implement to further maximize your attractiveness advantage.
So what will you need to succeed in this 30-day challenge?
Some spare time every day for the next 30 days – Just how much will depend on your starting point, but we will do something towards making you a more attractive man every day.
– Just how much will depend on your starting point, but we will do something towards making you a more attractive man every day. Some disposable income – No, you won't necessarily need to make any expensive purchases, but I expect you to be able to cover expenses like buying a gym membership or getting a haircut.
– No, you won't necessarily need to make any expensive purchases, but I expect you to be able to cover expenses like buying a gym membership or getting a haircut. Some faith – Don't worry, not in any religious or spiritual sense. What I will need from you is enough faith in the challenge to put aside your skepticism and follow through with the plan. Some of the things you'll read might sound silly or whatever, but they work, they get results. You need to realize that it's your current beliefs about appearance, attractiveness and how the world works is what got you in this situation that you are right now. So if you want to start getting different results, you need to try new, different things that you might not be completely comfortable with.
What We Will Cover
We'll tackle this challenge from three angles:
Physique & natural glow
Fashion & grooming
State of mind
Physique & natural glow
Even though improved image (fashion & grooming) will do the heavy lifting in terms of making you look sexier, we mustn't underestimate the impact of your physique and skin/hair condition (during the challenge I will refer to the latter as “glow”.)
Think of them as the canvas on which we'll paint your new image masterpiece.
Now, let's be realistic, if you're currently overweight you won't get ripped in 30 days. But I assume you're smart enough to realize this. Similarly with skin, if right now it's an acne and scar ridden mess, 30 days probably won't be enough to undo years of damage and bad habits.
That said, if you commit to the 30-day challenge, your physique and skin will look a lot better! On top of that, there are a lot of behind-the-scenes benefits to your attractiveness and we'll cover them later in the challenge.
Fashion & grooming
Criminally underrated by a lot of men, fashion and grooming is easily the fastest and most impactful way to transform your physical attractiveness.
By the end of the challenge, we won't just make you a “well-dressed man” because that's barely scratching the surface. Our goal is to get you a sexy look.
State of mind
I don't think you can teach someone “inner game”. You can't just read “10 tips to be confident, charming and irresistible” and instantaneously become confident, charming and irresistible. This is something that comes with experience, trying new things and unlearning self-sabotaging beliefs and habits.
That said, one of the best “inner game” advice I ever found is “Don't try to be cool, be relaxed instead” (Credit: Caleb Jones aka Blackdragon.)
And because this is something that we can actually directly work on, it will be our focus during this 30-day challenge. On top of that, as you'll learn later, it has some amazing side benefits of making you a more attractive man.
30-Day Challenge Structure
The last thing before we get into the challenge, let's discuss how the whole 30-day challenge will be structured:
Week 1 – Prep Work And Setting Systems In Place
The first 7 days will be relatively easy as we'll be focusing on research and trying things out. Essentially the main goal during the first week is to build momentum and set yourself up for success. But don't be fooled by the simplicity of the first week, we'll start with very basic concepts first to make sure that you don't get overwhelmed, but we'll also tackle more advanced strategies in the following weeks.
Week 2 and 3 – Massive Changes
This is the period when most of the magic is going to happen. By the end of week 3 you will be getting a lot more compliments and probably find yourself thinking “why nobody told me this doesn't need to be so hard?!”
Week 4 (plus last two days) – Finishing Touches
During the last 9 days, we'll have two goals:
Identifying any other small changes we can make, that can instantly make you a more attractive man and getting them handled.
Giving your new, more attractive self a “test run”. This challenge is not about making you more attractive so that you can admire yourself in the mirror, it is to make it easier for you to achieve your romantic goals and make you more confident, self-assured. To help you become the man you strive to be.
And of course a lot of the systems that we set up during first two weeks, will continue to improve how you look during this time too.
Note for experienced guys
I know that some of you are way beyond the fundamentals and could probably teach me a thing or two in certain aspects of attractiveness. But chances are you got to this point not by being complacent and probably have some attractiveness goals you want to achieve and habits you want to implement in your life.
If that's the case, you can use this as a call to action to start actively working on them. Use the strategies I'll be sharing to improve the likelihood of achieving your desired results. In other words, feel free to make up your targets for this 30 day challenge.
Personally, on top of following through with the challenge, I'll also be using it to implement a few keystone habits and get rid of one bad one. See the Facebook group for what I will be working on (details below).
Week 1 – Prep Work And Systems
Objectives for the week:
Get you to commit to the challenge so you stick long enough to see results
Get you exercising
Start implementing a few “background habits” that will have a massive effect on how you look and feel about yourself throughout the challenge and beyond
Troubleshoot your wardrobe and outfits
Investigate your grooming and skin care routine to see if there's room for improvement
Download the worksheet for Week One
You can get it here. Just tick the box whenever you complete a specific task that day.
Day 1 (That's TODAY!)
Setting Yourself Up For Success
C ustom Ecard Creator Download: Greeting Cards Now you can create, print, and send high quality greeting cards with a few clicks of your mouse. Send interactive and Video cards with ease. This handy ecard software provides 1000's of ready to share templates - print and email cards in seconds. Ecard Wizard cards are also customizable - use your own pictures, text, and sounds. Ecard Wizard's friendly user interface lets you send as many ecards as you want for all occasions in many formats including email, PDF, Pictures, and Video format. Video Ecards created by Ecard Wizard can be shared directly to YouTube & Facebook for viewing by family and friends. Make, Print, & Send Cards for All Occasions: Birthday Cards Christmas Cards Valentine Cards Greeting Cards Custom Photo Cards Holiday Cards Mother's Day Cards Animated Cards Greeting Cards and many more... Key Features that Separate Ecard Wizard from other greeting card makers: Choose From Thousands of Templates for All Occasions Customize Your Own Greeting Cards with Several Fold Choices Add Photos, Text, & Sounds Easy to Use and Intuitive Navigation Print Greeting Cards to Paper Send Greeting Cards by Email Options to Export Cards as PDF, video, and image file formats to share on Youtube & Facebook Animate your Ecards Create your own templates Instant Download Delivery after payment Request a Card template and our designers will make it for the next update No monthly membership payments or any other additional cost - not like those other "free" ecard sites Absolutely no spyware, toolbars, or adware - not like those other "free" ecard sites Here's a sample Greeting Card Created With Ecard Wizard. Create one just like it in minutes and send a smile to someone! *Limited Time Offer* Get Ecard Wizard & Premium Greeting Card Templates Full Value of Software, Updates, and Professional Templates: $99.99 Download Now for $29.95 and Send a Smile to anyone! "I am impressed with your interface because the numerous elements that are involved in creating an ecard are visible there in front of you, not hidden in a menu or tool bar. Versatility is another word that comes to mind when I read about what can eventually be done with the ecard in-so-far as reviewing, printing, emailing, automatic changing to .avi files, movies and on and on." - Lou C.
Ohio, USA "I think that you have a great product and I am interested in purchasing it for myself and my father. My father is 80 years old and has been using Hallmark. Hallmark is horrible. I like your program because it is so clean and easy to navigate. I think it will be perfect for my father." - Clark P.
California, USA Ecard Wizard software is designed so you can create the most personalized and unique greeting card to send to your friends, family, and loved ones. Fast Fun and Easy! Here's How it Works:: Step 1 - Select Template Ecard Wizard comes with over 1000 preinstalled templates. You can choose one of these templates or create your own. You can also choose from several different greeting card folds.
Step 2 - Customize Card Customizing your greeting card is quick, fast and fun! Choose from thousands of images and sounds to make the most unique and personal greeting card. Edit text, colors, backgrounds, images, sounds, and more intuitively.
Step 3 - Print or Send Preview your custom ecard and once finished, you can choose to Print out your greeting card or email your ecard instantly.
Try Ecard Wizard for a whole 60 days and if you are not satisfied, we will refund you back 100% payment.
Welcome To My Cybersecurity Nightmare
Happy Halloween. Here are three chilling scenarios that will keep even the most hardened infosec warrior awake all night.
This past year, we have seen some pretty scary stuff happen in cybersecurity. Since Halloween is almost here, I thought I would share some scenarios that keep me up at night. These are attacks that we are not ready to battle -- and are well beyond the horrific headlines we read on a daily basis. If you enjoy a good fright, read on.
Legions of citizen botnet armies
Most of the resources cyber criminals used to carry out their objectives are acquired through some method that results in compromised computers on the Internet. These resources remain available until the user or organization detects and remediates the incident. But what if the user participated willingly? Instead of bad guys having to compromise hosts, what if they instead cut other people such as corporate insiders in on the profits? Given crypto currency, the TOR network, and a few other factors, this could be a nightmare scenario, as we are not ready for this type of surge in distributed attacks.
Zombies as portrayed in Night of the Living Dead.
The recruitment for this could be something like the "work from home" signs you see around your town. The work could be as easy as downloading and installing a package and could earn the host user as much as $10.00 per day. That is $300.00 a month for someone to simply leave their computer running and connected. The average citizen is not likely to know what type of activity their computer is involved in on a daily basis.
The end result would be a massive number of networked computers available for distributed denial-of-service, cryptographic brute forcing, or remote network sniffing. With the cooperation of the host, the capability list is endless, and because he's making money, the host will be motivated to help the cybercriminals persist. Service providers and law enforcement are not ready for this type of attack. This could lead to botnet armies with size and capabilities we have never seen before.
Crime and the sharing economy
Another horror story would be if cyber criminals expanded their marketplace networks to include citizen partners. Consider coordination networks like Uber, Instacart, Care.com, etc. These services are facilitators connecting a consumer who wants something delivered with a network of people who can deliver it.
Now think of applying this pattern to cybercrime. On one end there is a criminal who would like the login credentials of a Global 2000 executive. Via TOR networking, they can go to a site where they can place their request, submit their crypto currency, and a skilled global workforce accepts this objective and delivers it within the terms of the agreement. This lowers the coordination cost for cybercrime to near zero and connects the demand with the supply in ways that have never been seen to date. Worse, because so many people are motivated by money, a service like this could turn citizens into cyber criminals if they believe they cannot get caught and that they can easily make a few bucks on the side.
The last thing I will say about this type of participation and marketplace network is that it would fragment security events into small, seemingly disconnected pieces where one event might not look harmful. But when seen and evaluated as a whole, their impact would be significant.
Cybercrime-as-a-Service
Consider a SaaS service that helped people compute their cybercrimes. The power of big-data analytics and machine learning can compute amazing insight for businesses -- and it can do the same for criminals. Criminals could log in to a website, declare their objective, and the service would compute several alternative attack plans. This would work in the same way that travelers use GPS to reach a destination when getting directions online.
Cybercrime-as-a-Service would have social networks mapped, personal information on each individual, language analysis that yields a level of trust among individuals, mapping to various accounts (some of which may have been compromised), etc. All of this would be creating a corpus of data that can lead the criminal through a directed graph leading to the objective -- exfiltration of a file, ransomware, etc.
At the end of the day (Halloween or any other), cybercrime is a business, and profitable businesses only get smarter and more effective. It's frightening to imagine how easily cyber criminals could execute these types of attacks and turn my worst nightmare into an even scarier reality.
TK Keanini brings nearly 25 years of network and security experience to the CTO role.  They are responsible for leading Lancope's evolution toward integrating security solutions with private and public cloud-based computing platforms. TK is also responsible for developing the ... View Full Bio
Greetings!
So I'm still paint testing here, to figure out how I'm going to paint the rest of my Crimson Fists units. You might have seen my last test, but of course I didn't write down any directions for that one....I'm a moron.
So I've been painting a couple of figures and paint stripping them the past month, until I remembered that I had this fine figure laying around so I thought I might as well paint it.
I used mainly Vallejo colors for this figure, actually I think I only used Vallejo colors :-p
For the Power Armour I used the following colors:
Base coat:
72.019 - Game Color - Night Blue (It's very dark, a lot darker than GW Regal Blue (Or whatever its called now))
Hightlights:
Night Blue (See above)
72.022 - Game Color - Ultramarines Blue
70.902 - Model Color -Azure (Most likely a paint in the Game Color range that match this one aswell)
Painting:
Night Blue base coat Night Blue 6(7):1 Ultramarines blue ratio + a few drops of water to thin it down Azure 1:1 water mix added to above mixture Repeat the above highlight if needed. Depending on how much time you wanna spent. Finish of with a fairly fine edge highlight of pure Azure (probably thinned down slightly) Depending on how much you have highlighted it might be needed to tone down the recesses of the armour. I used a black wash to pin wash where needed.
For the cloak and Fist I used the following colors:
Base:
72012 - Game Color - Scarlett Red
Highlights:
70.909 - Game Color - Vermillion
White (any white will do to be honest, but I used a white from the Vallejo Model Color range)
Painting:
Scarlett Red base Apply black wash, I used Vallejo Model Wash - Black (You could also just do the base coat with Scarlett Red and add drop of black and then continue from there with highlights) Scarlett Red + water highlight Add a few drops of Vermillion to the mix Repeat step 4 if needed. Add a drop of white to the mix for the highest edges.
For the rest of the gear you can use whatever colors you want :-)
Finished figure (Still missing base)
*Update 25.10.23* - Base Done
So I manged to get the base finished. I should probably have used a 60mm Dreadnought base, but sadly I didn't have one laying around.
Hope you like it.
Feel free to comment below
- Chris
A team led by Purdue University researchers is the first to determine the structure of the Zika virus, which reveals insights critical to the development of effective antiviral treatments and vaccines.
The team also identified regions within the Zika virus structure where it differs from other flaviviruses, the family of viruses to which Zika belongs that includes dengue, West Nile, yellow fever, Japanese encephalitis and tick-borne encephalitic viruses.
A paper detailing the findings was published Thursday (March 31) in the journal Science and is available online.
Any regions within the virus structure unique to Zika have the potential to explain differences in how a virus is transmitted and how it manifests as a disease, said Richard Kuhn, director of the Purdue Institute for Inflammation, Immunology and Infectious Diseases (PI4D) who led the research team with Michael Rossmann, Purdue's Hanley Distinguished Professor of Biological Sciences.
"The structure of the virus provides a map that shows potential regions of the virus that could be targeted by a therapeutic treatment, used to create an effective vaccine or to improve our ability to diagnose and distinguish Zika infection from that of other related viruses," said Kuhn, who also is head of Purdue's Department of Biological Sciences. "Determining the structure greatly advances our understanding of Zika -- a virus about which little is known. It illuminates the most promising areas for further testing and research to combat infection."
The Zika virus, a mosquito-borne disease, has recently been associated with a birth defect called microcephaly that causes brain damage and an abnormally small head in babies born to mothers infected during pregnancy. It also has been associated with the autoimmune disease Guillain-Barré syndrome, which can lead to temporary paralysis. In the majority of infected individuals symptoms are mild and include fever, skin rashes and flulike illness, according to the World Health Organization.
Zika virus transmission has been reported in 33 countries. Of the countries where Zika virus is circulating 12 have reported an increased incidence of Guillain-Barré syndrome, and Brazil and French Polynesia have reported an increase in microcephaly, according to WHO. In February WHO declared the Zika virus to be "a public health emergency of international concern."
"This breakthrough illustrates not only the importance of basic research to the betterment of human health, but also its nimbleness in quickly addressing a pressing global concern," said Purdue President Mitch Daniels. "This talented team of researchers solved a very difficult puzzle in a remarkably short period of time, and have provided those working on developing vaccines and treatments to stop this virus a map to guide their way."
Rossmann and Kuhn collaborated with Theodore Pierson, chief of the viral pathogenesis section of the Laboratory of Viral Diseases at the National Institutes of Health National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases. Additional research team members include Purdue graduate student Devika Sirohi and postdoctoral research associates Zhenguo Chen, Lei Sun and Thomas Klose.
The team's paper marks the first published success of the new Purdue Institute for Inflammation, Immunology and Infectious Diseases in Purdue's Discovery Park.
The university's recently announced $250 million investment in the life sciences funded the purchase of advanced equipment that allowed the team to do in a couple of months what otherwise would have taken years, Rossmann said.
"We were able to determine through cryo-electron microscopy the virus structure at a resolution that previously would only have been possible through X-ray crystallography," they said. "Since the 1950s X-ray crystallography has been the standard method for determining the structure of viruses, but it requires a relatively large amount of virus, which isn't always available; it can be very difficult to do, especially for viruses like Zika that have a lipid membrane and don't organize accurately in a crystal; and it takes a long time. Now we can do it through electron microscopy and view the virus in a more native state. This was unthinkable only a few years ago."
The team studied a strain of Zika virus isolated from a patient infected during the French Polynesia epidemic and determined the structure to 3.8Å. At this near-atomic resolution key features of the virus structure can be seen and groups of atoms that form specific chemical entities, such as those that represent one of 20 naturally occurring amino acids, can be recognized, Rossmann said.
The team found the structure to be very similar to that of other flaviviruses with an RNA genome surrounded by a lipid, or fatty, membrane inside an icosahedral protein shell.
The strong similarity with other flaviviruses was not surprising and is perhaps reassuring in terms of vaccine development already underway, but the subtle structural differences are possibly key, Sirohi said.
"Most viruses don't invade the nervous system or the developing fetus due to blood-brain and placental barriers, but the association with improper brain development in fetuses suggest Zika does," Sirohi said. "It is not clear how Zika gains access to these cells and infects them, but these areas of structural difference may be involved. These unique areas may be crucial and warrant further investigation."
The team found that all of the known flavivirus structures differ in the amino acids that surround a glycosylation site in the virus shell. The shell is made up of 180 copies of two different proteins. These, like all proteins, are long chains of amino acids folded into particular structures to create a protein molecule, Rossmann said.
The glycosylation site where Zika virus differs from other flaviviruses protrudes from the surface of the virus. A carbohydrate molecule consisting of various sugars is attached to the viral protein surface at this site.
In many other viruses it has been shown that as the virus projects a glycosylation site outward, an attachment receptor molecule on the surface of a human cell recognizes the sugars and binds to them, Kuhn said.
The virus is like a menacing stranger luring an unsuspecting victim with the offer of sweet candy. The human cell gladly reaches out for the treat and then is caught by the virus, which, once attached, may initiate infection of that cell.
The glycosylation site and surrounding residues on Zika virus may also be involved in attachment to human cells, and the differences in the amino acids between different flaviviruses could signify differences in the kinds of molecules to which the virus can attach and the different human cells it can infect, Rossmann said.
"If this site functions as it does in dengue and is involved in attachment to human cells, it could be a good spot to target an antiviral compound," Rossmann said. "If this is the case, perhaps an inhibitor could be designed to block this function and keep the virus from attaching to and infecting human cells."
The team plans to pursue further testing to evaluate the different regions as targets for treatment and to develop potential therapeutic molecules, Kuhn said.
Kuhn and Rossmann have studied flaviviruses, the family of viruses to which Zika belongs, for more than 14 years. They were the first to map the structure of any flavivirus when they determined the dengue virus structure in 2002. In 2003 they were first to determine the structure of West Nile virus and now they are the first to do so with the Zika virus.
One Hull City fan looked a little silly after questioning the source of a claim made about a Saints striker.
It is perfectly normal to question the source of any information you find on Twitter. There are multiple self-proclaimed 'ITK' accounts and people claiming they have close connections to people at a club or representing a player.
One Hull City fan ended up looking a little silly, however, after they questioned the legitimacy of a claim made about Southampton striker Jay Rodriguez. When Enrique Rodriguez took to Twitter to say that the once-England capped forward was "100% fit", one man was unsure.
David Fergus of Hull replied to the tweet posing a perfectly reasonable question, "And your source?". A perfectly reasonable question, that is, unless you're talking to the players father. Enrique promptly replied stating, "I'm their Dad".
The Southampton forward, who scored 15 goals in 33 games in the 2013-14 Premier League season, has been ravaged by injuries over the last couple of years. On good authority from their father though, the striker is now fully fit.
The Tigers have been heavily linked with the Saints striker, with a loan move being reported by numerous media outlets.
Rodriguez's father refused to dismiss the rumours, instead tweeting "as you know in football anything could happen" and "lets see", both followed by winky faces. This one could have some legs then, and how Hull City would love for it to happen, as they so desperately need to bring in bodies before the end of the window.
Hull City caretaker manager Mike Phelan needs recruits and quick
The Tigers have been linked with a number of players over the last couple of days, most notably Rodriguez, Oumar Niasse and Nemanja Nikolic, all of whom are forwards.
Hull City caretaker manager Mike Phelan is well-aware of the urgency with which the East Yorkshire club need to act, with just 13 fully fit players currently available to him, and only 11 fit outfield players, but the ongoing takeover situation at the club is causing serious complications in the transfer market.
Despite the incredible problems going on at the club, Hull beat champions Leicester on the opening day of the Premier League season - courtesy of goals from Robert Snodgrass and a dual Hernandez/Diomande bicycle kick - and travel to Swansea with high hopes this Saturday.
The Tigers head to Swansea in their next Premier League game
Would Jay Rodriguez be a good signing for Hull City? Tell us what you think.
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Brendan Rodgers believes Luis Suarez owes it to Liverpool FC supporters to stay at Anfield this summer.
The Reds boss was in bullish mood as they discussed the long-running transfer saga at the team's base in Jakarta.
Rodgers is adamant that the unsettled striker is not for sale and wants them to abandon their hopes of securing a transfer.
They dismissed Arsenal's recent £30million bid and suggested it would take an offer in the region of the £55million Paris St-Germain paid Napoli for fellow Uruguayan Edinson Cavani for Liverpool to even consider a deal.
Rodgers also warned potential suitors, who are waiting in the belief they could land Suarez at a knockdown price late on in the window, that there is no chance of that happening.
Reds fans have shown great loyalty to Suarez throughout the controversies which have dogged their two and a half years at Anfield from the race row with Patrice Evra to their bite on Branislav Ivanovic.
Their comments this summer about wanting to move on from the five times European Champions, and in particular being flattered by interest from Arsenal - having previously stated they wanted to quit England for Real Madrid - have strained that relationship.
They have also let down a manager who has stood by them throughout but Rodgers insists Suarez simply has a debt to pay to the fans and their team-mates.
“It's not about me or the club, I think it's the supporters and their team-mates for what they gave him,” Rodgers said.
“What I do is the same for anyone. My success is not just about trophies, although hopefully when I finish my career I will look back on having won things.
“For me it is about more than that. It's about making people better people and supporting them when they need it. Luis doesn't need to show me anything because that's what I do.
“For me it's about the great supporters we have. The backing they have given them is absolutely brilliant.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“They have stood by them through thick and thin, and through all the traumas they have gone through over the last couple of seasons.
“If there is anyone they owe it's them and their team-mates, who have fought beside him, certainly not me.”
The growing fear among fans is that this saga could drag on into the new season and severely hamper Liverpool's Premier League campaign.
If Suarez was to be sold in late August, the Reds would have little time to reinvest the proceeds but Rodgers is convinced that won't happen.
The Northern Irishman is only too aware that last season's 30-goal top scorer is key to Liverpool's hopes of competing for a Champions League spot and will do everything they can to keep them on board to help spearhead the club's continued revival.
“I don't want to set a deadline or put a date on it but this is not something that will run too long,” they said. “We are totally in control of the situation. It is one where we don't have to sell. They have got three years left on their contract.
“We are prepared to get some players in and spend money without having to sell Luis Suarez. The reality is that we have had one offer.
“There can be as much speculation as you like, but there has been nothing beyond that.
“It was an offer for what they (Arsenal) considered their value and worth. Obviously for a player of their quality, when you consider that Cavani has gone for £55million you know… Luis is up there in that bracket of top talent.
“Obviously it was an offer we didn't deem worthy of the talent and even if they came back with that kind of amount (£55million) there's no guarantee they would be sold even for that because we are trying to build something here.
“We don't want to sell Luis Suarez as we are just trying to improve the squad. You come into Liverpool, one of the giants of the world, and even though we are not where we want to be yet, we are on our way there, no question about that.
“The club is on its way back. There's massive competition and a massive challenge but we don't want to be disabling ourselves by selling players to another club, we want to keep our best ones here.
“Luis is a very important member of this squad and one of the top strikers in the world. Unless something drastic happens, they will be staying here.
“We are looking forward to them helping us try to get into the Champions League spots. That's a competition we are fighting to get into. The great name and history of Liverpool dictates it should be in there.”
Suarez has told Liverpool they want to jump ship in order to secure Champions League football this term, but Rodgers believes they would be wise to remember why they enjoyed the best season of their career for Liverpool.
It was a team built around the 26-year-old with a system tailored for them to shine.
“The way we played last year, you mustn't forget that gave Luis Suarez the opportunity to flourish and hopefully this year that will continue to be the case,” Rodgers said.
“I made the decision last year to move Andy Carroll out on loan because I wanted to work the team round Luis' talents. All our movement patterns and our tactical ideas were based around them and they flourished from that.
“This year it will be the turn of others to flourish as well because they will be an important part of the team, but it will be about the team. The way we worked really helped Luis improve their game.”
Suarez is scheduled to link up with the squad in Melbourne early next week and Rodgers has no doubts that they will return from their holiday following the Confederations Cup and knuckle down.
“Luis will be there, their planes are booked and they will be in Melbourne with us,” they added.
“He rejoins us in Australia and they will get on with their work. I have had constant communication with them on that.”
Launch Location: Oleta River State Park. If you have your own kayak drive past the first launch area that is in front of the Blue Moon Outdoor Center over to parking area 6 where there is a secluded launch area on your right.
Get Directions
Loading Images
: We have been to this park a few times and we always find new areas to explore. On this outing we paddled into the bay and up the river but turned around on the river because we were told that it is a dead end. Looking at Google Maps it looks like we can do a loop by paddling north through an urban area and back into the bay so we already have a future paddle planned. After paddling around for a few hours we relaxed on the Haulover Sandbar and played frisbee while listening to the music coming from the boats around us. Download Kayaking Track For Use In Google Earth : $6.00 per vehicle or $2.00 for pedestrians.: Oleta River State Park is said to be Florida's largest urban park The park is best known for miles of off-road bicycling trails. At the north end of the park there are shaded mangrove trails. Kayakers can paddle the river to explore the mangroves and also paddle out into the bay. Picnic tables and grills are available. For overnight visits, the park has rustic, air-conditioned cabins.: Kayak rentals are available in the park at the Blue Moon Outdoor Center : In addition to kayak rentals, bike rentals and paddle board rentals are available. There is a snack shop in the Blue Moon Outdoor Center. Public restrooms are available at the Blue Moon Outdoor Center. There is fresh water for washing bikes next to the Blue Moon Outdoor Center but you can wash anything there including yourself.
After an Alabama interception late in the second quarter against Arkansas, Tide offensive tackle Cam Robinson was flagged for unsportsmanlike conduct. It appeared Robinson was in the face of Arkansas coach Bret Bielema and a number of Razorbacks players, but a video has surfaced that makes it look like Bielema was the instigator.
@ClayTravisBGID watch Beilema instegate Cam Robinson, fake like they were shoved, then dance a jig to celebrate. pic.twitter.com/DYSSZdEkOM — Anthony Jacks (@Coach_Jacks) October 12, 2015
Bielema runs toward Robinson, gets in their face, flops and gets the flag. Then they do a big celebration on the field. Arkansas got the ball moved to the 12-yard line as a result and scored a touchdown on the drive.
The SEC released a statement.
Statement from SEC commissioner Greg Sankey on Bret Bielema/Alabama play. pic.twitter.com/F3HRbBR87P — Jon Solomon (@JonSolomonCBS) October 13, 2015
These kinds of antics are par for the course with Bielema, and they're why he's mocked and hated in many circles. In just the past calendar year, Bielema has criticized Ohio State's strength of schedule (then lost to Toledo), trolled Texas and angered every spread offense coach.
A bridge full of spiders in downtown Columbus Copyright by WCMH - All rights reserved Video
COLUMBUS, Ohio (WCMH) -- One of the most well-known bridges in Columbus is being taken over by thousands of 8-legged squatters.
Spiders are out in force on the Main Street bridge right now.
It's iconic by day and iconic by night.
And as the sun falls on the Main Street bridge…these eight-legged creatures come out in force.
They're called orb weavers.
They won't attack you. Even if they do, "bug doc" Dave Shetlar says their fangs are not strong enough to bite through a person's skin.
Shetlar is an entomologist at Ohio State.
The bug doc says all these spiders come out at night. That's when their food comes from the river.
"I bet there are at least 5,000 spiders along this bridge and maybe up to 10,000."
A few people walking along the bridge stopped to marvel at the little orb weavers.
"It's like we're in an exhibit for spiders," said Danielle Ruderman.
"It's worth coming out to."
Alena Cherneta said they thought they may be a seasonal decoration.
"We thought they were here and not cleaned up from Halloween," they said.
Antonio Alejos, age 35, faces charges for aggravated robbery with a deadly weapon and is being held on a $75,000 bond. (MGN Online)
An Austin man is behind bars after police say they robbed a man at gunpoint and then got run over by the victim.
On October 18th, at approximately 2:34a.m. police responded to the Quail Creek apartment complex after a caller stated a vehicle had hit a man and then a wall.
Once police arrived, they noticed the man had injuries to their legs and forehead, consistent with being struck by a car.
Just one minute later, at 2:35a.m., police received a second call. The caller said they had just been robbed by a Hispanic male at the same location.
The man stated they struck a wall and may have struck the robber with their van.
Upon arrival, the victim told officers they had met a woman online and they agreed to meet at the apartment complex. The affidavit says when the man was walking to the female's apartment, they heard a man walk behind him.
The victim said the suspect was holding a semi-automatic handgun and pointed at them saying “give me all your money, you're in the wrong neighborhood.”
The man then handed over their cash and cell phone and walked back to their car. The victim stated they began to honk their horn hoping to scare the suspect and get help.
Court documents say it was then when the suspect began running towards the man and stood next to the passenger's side of the van yelling something at them while pointing the gun. The victim added they turned on their vehicle and tried to leave the scene, but they turned their wheel to the right on the direction of the suspect and a nearby wall.
After receiving medical attention, the suspect, who was later identified as Antonio Alejos, age 35, was taken into custody.
Alejos now faces charges for aggravated robbery with a deadly weapon and is being held on a $75,000 bond.
Amid widespread protests against the ‘Monsanto Protection Act', the biotech giant has reported a 22 percent increase in net profits – an announcement that may spark further outrage about the provision that protects the company from financial damage.
Monsanto on Wednesday reported that its net income rose 22 percent to $1.48 billion, or $2.74 a share, in a one-year period. The profit increase, which occurred in the three-month period through February, marked a new record for the lucrative biotech company. Revenue rose 15 percent to $5.47 billion, much of which came from the sales of genetically modified corn seeds, particularly those sold in emerging markets like Brazil, Argentina, and other Latin American countries.
Monsanto's seed business, particularly its genetically engineered corn, cotton and soybeans, increased by more than 10 percent in the second quarter. The seeds repel bugs and are resistant to weed-killers, making them popular among farmers trying to yield more produce.
The profit spike exceeded expectations and Wall Street predictions and may have widened the gap between Monsanto and other seed businesses. The company's shares also rose 89 cents, closing at $104.51 on Wednesday. Over the past years, the shares have risen by about 10 percent.
"So our bottom line business outlook today means the momentum that we anticipated in our first quarter has clearly carried through into even stronger business results for the second quarter," said CEO Hugh Grant, on a call with analysts, as reported by the Associated Press.
And the company only predicts to be making more money this year: Monsanto expects $2 billion in free cash flow in 2013 and will become “more aggressive” in returning cash to shareholders through dividends and “opportunistic” share purchases,” Chief Financial Officer Pierre Courduroux said during the call with analysts.
But it's not just the corporation's seeds that are spiking revenue: the company also sells crop chemicals, which saw a 37 percent increase in sales. The herbicide Roundup, a popular weed killer, jumped by 73 percent to $371 million.
News of the company's financial success comes just days after US President Barack Obama signed a bill into law that protects the billion-dollar corporation from any sort of litigation. Known by critics as the ‘Monsanto Protection Act', section 734 of the Agricultural Appropriations Bill gives biotech companies immunity in regards to the production and sale of genetically modified seeds. The company would therefore have free reign to sell genetically engineered products the long-term effects of which remain unknown, without the prospect of facing a lawsuit for it.
Nationwide, Americans from the far right and the far left have united in their condemnation of the provision that benefits Monsanto, and a petition against the provision generated more than 250,000 signatures. Critics claim the legislation allows the company to bypass the court system and continue to dominate the US seed industry.
Judge John Hodgman and Bailiff Jesse Thorn are in chambers this week to clear the docket! They discuss disputes about children in bars, wearing sweatpants to work, movie theater garbage and more! Plus a listener letter about virtual reality and the Renaissance Faire!
Judge Hodgman's newest book Vacationland is available for pre-order at bit.ly/painfulbeaches.
Make sure to check out Bailiff Jesse's vintage shop at PutThisOn.com for great vintage accessories, scarves, pocket squares and other fun, decorative items. Don't forget to use the code SWEATERJUSTICE at check out for free shipping in the United States!
Click here to check out the article Kelly sent in about the University of Washington HIT lab, home of Spiderworld: virtual arachnophobia therapy!
--
SUBSCRIBE TO THIS PODCAST in ITUNES or the RSS FEED
DALLAS – For the 22nd consecutive season, the Stanley Cup playoffs will begin with the Detroit Red Wings in the field.
It wasn't easy. It took a season-long, season-ending four-game winning streak, and it came down to the final period of the final game.
But, the Red Wings extended the longest active postseason streak in the four major sports with a 3-0 victory over the Dallas Stars Saturday night at the American Airlines Center.
The Red Wings (24-16-8), with 56 points, finished as the seventh seed in the Western Conference and will face the Anaheim Ducks in the first round of the playoffs. The series will start Tuesday or Wednesday. Games 1 and 2 will be at Anaheim.
The Red Wings' best players stepped up big-time in their most important game.
Henrik Zetterberg scored a pair of goals and added an assist. They had two goals and seven assists during this four-game streak.
Pavel Datsyuk picked up three assists. They have two goals and six assists in the past four games.
Jimmy Howard, making their 15th consecutive start, made 17 saves for their fifth shutout of the season – their third in the past seven games – and the 16th of their career.
Howard has allowed only eight goals in the past seven games.
The Red Wings won the season series from the Ducks 2-1. The visiting team won each game. Anaheim prevailed 5-2 in Detroit on Feb. 15 in the only game Datsyuk missed all season. The Red Wings won back-to-back games in Anaheim on March 22-24 (5-1 and 2-1).
The Red Wings dominated territorially through two periods, outshooting the Stars 26-13, but were clinging to a 1-0 lead at the start of the third and faced with a penalty kill.
Zetterberg, however, scored on a shorthanded breakaway at 1:57 to make it 2-0. Zetterberg then made a nice pass to Jonathan Ericsson, who fired in a hard wrist shot from the slot at 6:30 to make it 3-0.
That pretty much sealed the outcome.
The Stars started backup goalie Richard Bachman instead of Kari Lehtonen.
The second period was scoreless, but both clubs had power-play opportunities. The Red Wings failed to apply much pressure during a four-minute power play, after Ryan Garbutt high-sticked Gustav Nyquist in the face at 15:01, drawing blood.
Nyquist got stitched up and returned in the third period.
A fast-paced first period saw the Red Wings outshoot the Stars 18-9, as both clubs registered several scoring chances.
Detroit led 1-0 on Zetterberg's 10th goal of the season. Their centering pass to Justin Abdelkader deflected in off the skate of defenseman Alex Goligoski.
Hard work and persistence in the offensive zone by the Datsyuk-Zetterberg-Abdelkader line paid off.
ES News Email Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
Tributes have been paid to a train driver who died after suffering a suspected heart attack in their cab as the service pulled into Barking station.
Father-of-two Steve Jones, 56, based at East Ham, had been driving the 8.13pm c2c service from Grays to Barking when they fell ill at around 8.30pm last night.
According to the company, Mr Jones' train had been travelling at around 6mph on its approach towards the station when their foot came off a safety pedal, bringing the vehicle to a halt within seconds.
After Mr Jones fell ill, trains in the area were halted immediately while a signaller tried to contact Mr Jones.
When they failed to respond, the driver of another train going in the opposite direction stopped to help out and an ambulance was called, along with British Transport Police.
Paramedics from the London Ambulance Service and the Air Ambulance battled to save the driver's life but they were pronounced dead at the scene.
Today, colleagues paid tribute to Mr Jones, who had worked on the railways for around 40 years and had been a driver since 1980.
Mark Daniels, a fellow driver and rep for the Aslef union, said: "It is with a heavy heart that today we say goodbye to one of our own at the young age of 56. Steve Jones was one of the proud railwaymen to start under British Rail.
"Steve was always willing to tell many stories – some believable and maybe some tall tales.
"However they were a great work colleague who will be missed. They will be a character lost from the mess room, but they will be most missed by their family including their two children. RIP Jonesy."
And c2c delivery director Kevin Frazer said: "The thoughts of all of Steve's colleagues and friends at c2c are with their family at this difficult time.
"Thank you to all our passengers for their understanding last night while we helped support the ambulance service and British Transport Police in their efforts."
A spokesperson for c2c said the company's safety precuations had worked well and passengers were never in danger.
They said: "Every c2c train is designed with a safety system to manage these specific situations, and last night it operated exactly as intended. The trains were brought to a controlled stop within seconds and there was absolutely no danger to passengers at any stage."
Last year, the government tried to take the Internet away from us.
This is perhaps the most inflammatory way to describe the current initiatives by governments all over the world to limit our online freedom, but that is what makes it the most appropriate. Because for all intents and purposes, the Internet is the last frontier for modern man — the last vestiges of a liberty that we long ago abandoned for safety and comfort, and it's already being fenced in and divvied up by a group of aged men and women who, quite frankly, don't have a clue how it works.
In 2011, Congressman Lamar Smith of Texas introduced a bill called “The Protecting Children from Internet Pornographers Act of 2011,” which has currently passed the House Judiciary Committee and is in queue for floor debate. This act, with its innocuous name and bumbling conservative reporters, is perhaps the most egregious example of a wolf in sheep's clothing this side of the Atlantic.
While inciting stricter punishments for child pornographers, the bill in no way solves the problem. It does not make it reasonably easier to locate child pornographers. It does not provide any additional funding for task forces to locate child pornographers.
Essentially, the bill requires Internet Service Providers (ISPs) to record information of all their users for up to a year. This information includes websites visited, names, emails, phone numbers and other tidbits of personal information — all stored on ISP servers just waiting to be hacked into, or, if you're of the paranoid persuasion, to be reclaimed by the government. Additionally, this is estimated to cost ISPs a whopping $200 million. Remind me exactly what we gain from this, again?
And surely you remember the “Stop Online Piracy Act,” AKA SOPA, which amounted to little more than demolishing free exchange on the internet in order to eliminate piracy — which wouldn't have worked on a grand scale, anyway. SOPA was considered to be so detrimental to the Internet as we know it, that Wikipedia, Reddit and thousands of other websites “went black” to protest the bill.
The Cyber Intelligence Sharing and Protection Act, or CISPA, was the undercurrent to SOPA. Also introduced in 2011, CISPA was torn to shreds by detractors for its lack of privacy or civil liberties concerns, but as of this year, the bill has resurfaced. Unfortunately, while the Senate and the political left lambasted the bill for having no teeth but sacrificing citizens' privacy, numerous lobbyists, including Microsoft and Facebook, have lent their support. Even more disconcerting, CISPA actually passed in the United States' House of Representatives — though the Senate has refused to vote on the bill and Obama has promised to veto it.
But the worst part about the resurgence of CISPA is that nobody noticed.
The first time SOPA reared its head, the entire Internet was up in arms. People called their members of congress and staged protests and even the mainstream media covered the issue. Now? It's old news. Nobody can be bothered to care, and that's when liberty gets lost. We, as citizens of this country, have an obligation to fight for the freedoms that we afford as necessary. It's a slippery slope that ends in the abolishment of freedom of speech at worst, and a violation of the last frontier at best. Take a stand against it.
All that is necessary for evil to triumph is for good men to do nothing.
Ryan M. Cady is a third-year English and psychology double major. They can be reached at rcady@uci.edu.
Daniel Ek isn't scared of YouTube or Amazon – and the financial challenges of Pandora and SoundCloud don't worry him.
These were amongst new revelations from the Spotify CEO and founder during a new interview with users of social Q&A site Quora yesterday (February 16).
Ek was asked how Spotify will continue to compete with the likes of Apple, Amazon and Google (including YouTube).
Their answer was defiant – some may argue a little too defiant when YouTube has over a billion monthly users and Spotify is yet to reach 100m.
“I believe in focus,” said Ek. “All of the companies you mention have music as a hobby, a very small part of their overall business.
“We do one thing and try to do it really well. This means we have a company 100% dedicated to finding the right content, personalizing it for you and serving it up with partners who are specialized in what they do.”
“The big platform companies don't generally like partnering. We do.”
They added: “The big platform companies don't generally like partnering. We do. This opens up lots of doors. To put it another way, we are really focused on delivering the best possible music experience you can find.
“I'm not saying we don't think about the competition – of course we do, it would be crazy not to. But we think about them more in terms of how to make Spotfy so easy, so fun, and so relevant for our users that whether you wait on lines for every new Apple device, get your groceries from Amazon Prime, or use every Google Mail and workplace app, you still want to listen to music on Spotify because it's the best experience there is.”
Here are five other key takeaways from Ek's latest online chinwag:
SoundCloud lost a troubling $44m on revenues of $15m in 2014. Pandora just posted a $170m loss for 2015 – although its annual sales bounded up to over $1bn.
Ek was asked their opinion on these challenged business models, and brushed it off like a speck of dandruff on their lapel.
“We have a very different business model in that Spotify is predominantly subscription,” they said – and he's right, with over 90% of Spotify's income in 2014 coming from paying customers.
Added Ek: “With subscription comes predictable revenues. So we feel comfortable investing in new markets, investing in our product and our content, because we know we have a robust, growing business model behind us.”
Unsurprisingly, Ek was grilled on the two biggest artist-related questions for Spotify: how can they prevent further holdouts like Adele and Taylor Swift, and how they respond to some artists claiming that streaming is bad for the music business (and their income).
Question one first – the hold-outs.
“Well, there are really two answers to that question,” they said. “On the one hand, we're trying to keep doing better what we've been trying to do since we started Spotify – deliver great value to consumers and create value for artists by making sure that they are paid fairly for their amazing music and that we help them find new audiences in the process.
“We're working harder than ever to build ties to the creative community.”
“At the same time, we're also working harder than ever to build ties to the creative community – artists, songwriters, producers and others – so that they understand how our business works and how committed we are to helping them succeed. And part of both of those things – creating value and communicating better – means that we are also focused on hearing from creators about how we can help them, how we can create new tools that use our platform to help them find new fans, connect with those fans, learn about their audiences, get them to live shows, and more.”
Smooth, but hardly illuminating. What about the second point – artists who see royalties from streaming services and aren't happy about it?
“Well, let's start with the big picture – the music industry is growing again,” responded Ek. “The music economy – like so much of the rest of the economy, from cars to publishing to news – is changing as it moves from an ownership model to an access model. And like any change, it can be complicated and challenging for lots of people.
“We get that, and we understand that. So it's our responsibility to make sure that artists – and songwriters and producers and everyone else in music – understands that we are in this together with them, and that we are committed to their success. Look, we pay the great majority of our revenue back to the music industry. And as we grow, that revenue is really making a difference.
“Many people don't realize that the music industry was in decline throughout the download years.”
“Many people don't realize that the music industry was in decline throughout all the download years (with a one year exception in which it was basically flat). Now, finally, after years and years of decline, music is growing again, streaming is behind the growth in music, and Spotify is behind the growth in streaming.
“So ultimately, we think the best measure of our contribution to the industry will be results – results that will give thousands and thousands of artists, songwriters, producers and so on the chance to do what they love, and their fans love, while being paid fairly for doing it. We love music, we love all the amazing people who make it, and we want to succeed together.”
This might be a little unexpected to those who watched recently Ek offer investors very generous incentives should they back Spotify's path to an IPO.
“When we set out to build Spotify we already knew that we didn't want to build the company to sell the company,” said Ek during their Q&A – a reference to the typical build-take-investment-and-flog startup mentality that is so prevalent in the technology business today.
They continued: “We wanted to build something for the long term. I think we were all super excited about this commitment to the long term and what it meant for building a culture. We talked a lot about not taking shortcuts.
“When we set out to build spotify… we wanted something for the long term.”
“That sometimes meant that we did things in a way that was too complicated. As an example, when we built our first playlist system we realized we needed some sort of version control, in case you accidentally made changes you didn't like. And then we realized that the system ought to be distributed.
“After about 12 months of building it, it became evident that what we had built was a database engine. We could have saved so much time if we had done that from the beginning instead. Luckily, most of our architecture choices weren't as bad…”
What's the future of Spotify?
We'd be fools if we thought Ek was really going to tell us that in detail – what with Google, Apple and Amazon no doubt sifting through their words to try and find an ounce of strategy to pinch.
But at least they gave us a hint.
“We really want to soundtrack every moment of your life,” said Ek.
“So what excites us are when we are able to do that in moments which may seem counter-intuitive at first. Take sleep as an example. Millions of people every day (or night!) now go to sleep listening to Spotify. This is a behavior that is brand new for a huge chunk of that same audience.
“So as we think about Spotify in the future, it's really all about bringing music (and other media) to more moments in your life. In order to do that, we need better recommendations, better partnerships and the right content for those moments.”
Spotify is one of Sweden's proudest exports, taking its place in the national fabric alongside the likes of IKEA, H&M, Skype and Ericsson.
Its founder is very thankful to have started the company in their homeland.
They explained: “We chose a narrow market to begin with that we knew how to serve well – Sweden. Had we started with the US there's no way we would still be around. The US market just wasn't ready.
“Second, we spent an insane amount of time focusing on latency, when no one cared, because we were hell bent on making it feel like you had all the world's music on your hard drive. Obsessing over small details can sometimes make all the difference.
“Had we started with the US there's no way we'd still be around.”
“That's what I believe is the biggest misunderstanding about the minimum viable product concept. That is the V in the MVP.
“And we did it all legally together with the industry when we had a political party in Sweden called the Pirate Party – which was a real party, with more than 7% of all votes. People thought we were crazy to work with the music industry. The general thinking was to just do whatever you wanted with music and then ask for forgiveness later.”Music Business Worldwide
ICE Reluctantly Releases A Small Number Of Heavily Redacted Domain Seizure Docs, Holds The Rest Hostage
from the but-of-course dept
Any guidelines or protocols for ICE agents about the procedures for seizing domains
Any communications between ICE and other government agencies with regard to the seized domains
Any communications between ICE and intellectual property owners requesting domains be seized or discussing seized domains
Any court filings requesting authorization to seize domains
Any internal emails mentioning the seized sites
Any legal memos mentioning the seized sites
Back in December of 2010, Aaron Swartz filed Freedom of Information Act request regarding the Immigrations and Customs Enforcement (ICE) efforts to seize, without any notification or adversarial hearings, domain names which ICE claimed were facilitating copyright and/or trademark infringement. After nearly two years of back and forth (including ICE apparently losing an updated request and closing the request because of it), ICE has finally delivered 100 pages worth of heavily redacted material which are close to useless. They are also claiming that there are another 16,137 records out there, but they want them to pay over $1,000 to get the rest . They told them if they didn't cough up the money within a few days, they would consider the request closed. Aaron, with the help of the Muckrock site (which helps people file FOIAs), is appealing this decision.In the meantime, however, we have 100 mostly useless documents that appear to just show the warrants that US Magistrate Judge Alan Kay approved on the morning of November 23rd, 2011. Of course, these are completely redacted, so you don't even know what domains they're referring to. In going through the documents, the only thing of interest that I spotted was that the judge time stamped each warrant signature, and many of them are mere minutes from one another -- at least raising some questions concerning how carefully the judge reviewed each individual case before granting the warrant that allowed the feds to then seize and shut down those sites. Considering that we already have two known cases -- Dajaz1 and Rojadirecta -- in which it later came out that the government did not have the necessary evidence, and where the feds were embarrassingly forced to hand back the domains and drop legal proceedings, it seems that a judge should be expected to at least spend some time understanding why it is he's signing off on an order to take down speech.Either way, it really does seem like these documents being the first 100 released was, perhaps, done on purpose, to make sure the released documents don't actually get at what Swartz actually requested, which was:Instead, they get 100 pages of heavily redacted warrants? What a joke. And, is it that difficult to expect that a judge will take more than a minute or two to understand the issues at hand when signing off on a warrant to completely shut down a website with no adversarial hearing with the site owner?
Filed Under: aaron swartz, domain seizures, foia, ice, redacted
(FOX NEWS) President Trump said in an exclusive interview Tuesday that they believe former President Barack Obama and their top aides are behind the protests and leaks that have tormented the new administration – and they don't expect it to stop anytime soon.
Trump, during an interview with “Fox & Friends,” blamed Obama acolytes and the ex-president themselves for the organized demonstrations that have sprung up nationwide since the Nov. 8 election, and also for the politically embarrassing leaks that have hindered Trump's messaging.
“I think that President Obama's behind it because their people are certainly behind it,” Trump said. “And some of the leaks possibly come from that group, you know, some of the leaks – which are very serious leaks, because they're very bad in terms of national security.”
Massachusetts Gov. Charlie Baker signed a bill Friday aimed at delaying by up to six months the opening of marijuana shops in the state until mid-2018.
An aide to the Republican governor said Baker shares the desire of state lawmakers to thoroughly prepare for the launch of a new industry distributing a controlled substance.
Baker is “committed to adhering to the will of the voters by implementing the new law as effectively and responsibly as possible,” the governor's communications director Lizzy Guyton said.
Baker's decision to sign the bill came as a small group of marijuana activists protested outside the Statehouse.
Members of the Massachusetts Cannabis Reform Coalition and the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws faulted lawmakers for passing the bill during end-of-year sessions and said the delay “flies in the face of the will of the voters” who approved the ballot question legalizing pot.
The House and Senate passed the bill Wednesday without a public hearing and without debate during informal sessions in both chambers. Only a handful of lawmakers is present.
The ballot initiative that allows adults 21 and over to possess and use limited amounts of recreational marijuana and grow as many as a dozen pot plants in their homes was approved by 53.7 percent of voters on Nov. 8 and took effect Dec. 15.
The action by lawmakers doesn't change that. But what it's almost certain to do is push back the timetable for opening retail marijuana stores from the beginning of 2018 until the middle of that year.
Senate President Stan Rosenberg and House Speaker Robert DeLeo, both Democrats, said pushing back the deadlines will give lawmakers more time improve the law by considering issues that were not addressed in the ballot question.
RachelRamone Donlan was among the dozen or so protesters outside the Statehouse. The 45-year-old Braintree resident said they and other cannabis activists are “100 percent outraged” that a small group of lawmakers undid the will of the people. They said she's even angrier that Baker signed the bill.
Donlan also warned of what they called a legal gray area that will confuse people.
“We are in fear that people are going to get arrested in the next six months because there will be a time frame when it's legal to possess it but you cannot buy it,” Donlan said. “We're losing out on tax revenue and we're fueling the black market.”
Among the key deadlines that would be put off six months include the current March 1 deadline for state Treasurer Deb Goldberg to appoint a cannabis control commission to oversee the recreational marijuana market; a Sept. 15 deadline for the commission to approve detailed regulations; an Oct. 1 deadline for accepting applications for retail marijuana outlets, and the Jan. 1, 2018, deadline for licensing the first pot shops.
For now, it remains illegal in Massachusetts to sell pot except to registered medical marijuana patients.
(Copyright (c) 2019 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.)
CIRCLEVILLE, Ohio — Massive crowds gathered for Ohio's Pumpkin Show flocked to shake hands with Republican vice presidential candidate Gov. Mike Pence as they campaigned in the critical swing state on Saturday.
Pence recognized the importance of the Buckeye state as they spoke from high atop a platform in the center of the festivities. Invoking the name of their running mate, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, Pence spoke to the crowd about election day, “its a day when Ohio can make America Great Again!”
“I'm gonna be in Cleveland tonight with the next President of the United States of America Donald Trump. We will be back through Ohio again and often. Thank you for you warmth, your kindness and God bless you, have a great pumpkin show,” Pence said to the crowd.
Lining the streets in hopes of shaking their hand, the audience cheered the governor. One man shouted, “Asian-Americans for Trump!” as they held two thumbs up in the air. Another woman in the crowd wore a big “Trump, I'm Deplorable and Proud 2016” campaign button.
Just one person in the crowd help up a Clinton-Kaine sign.
The young girls shown meeting the governor in the above video came to the Pumpkin Show with their mother and grandmother. Grandmother Kym Salas told Breitbart News afterward, “My granddaughter is 4 years old and was very excited to meet future Vice President Pence. Even at 4 years old they know who the right man for the job is, although they refer to Mr. Trump as the man with the funny hair, they say they look like a nice man.”
Salas then turned to describe their support for Trump, saying “I am able to wade through the… dog and pony show that Hillary puts on. I encourage my coworkers and friends to not take everything they hear and see at face value and to not only vote but do some research and vote for the person they would hire to work for their children's future. Several have changed from third party to Trump.”
Pence made several appearances throughout the course of the day, speaking in total to tens of thousands of people in both Indiana and Ohio.
The final event of the day was a joint rally with Trump and Pence in Cleveland. Former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani addressed the crowd just prior to the two candidates, “This is an election about change. Our country is moving in the wrong direction. We haven't had the kind of job growth we should have had in 10 years now. We're losing jobs. We're losing businesses… We've got crime going up again… We get pushed around by Islamic extremist terrorists…” said Giuliani who then spoke of Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton, who, they said, “commits crime after crime.” They continued, “If you want insight into the kind of president that Donald J Trump will be, take a look at who he's selected for Vice President because those are the kinds of people he's gonna select for their government.”
Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana
× Indianapolis woman to spend 85 years in jail for deadly 2016 shooting
UPDATE: Rebecca Lawson was found guilty of murder and attempted murder in Jan. 2017. However, the Indiana Court of Appeals later reversed their conviction and ordered a new trial in August 2018. A jury found them guilty of murder and attempted murder during the retrial. They were sentenced to about 82.5 half years in prison.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind. – A woman was sentenced Wednesday for murder and attempted murder.
Rebecca Lawson was convicted in January for their role in a shooting on the southwest side that killed 35-year-old Patrick Brown and wounded 38-year-old Cecilia Land.
It happened in the 3400 block of South Lynhurst Drive around 8:45 p.m. in Feb. of 2016.
Police say Rebecca Lawson called 911 and peacefully surrendered to officers after the shooting. Lawson was later formally charged with murder and attempted murder.
On Wednesday, they were sentenced to 85 years– 55 years for the murder charge and 30 years for the attempted murder charge.
We give a numbering system to present versions.
Note: As of May 19th 2016 I will no longer be updating this book with corrections for this book. Readers should instead purchase the book Cryptography Made Simple.
3.0.1.4 10th April 2013 Minor correction in one of the attacks on RSA with a shared modulus.
3.0.1.3 6th June 2012 Minor correction in section on oblivious transfer
3.0.1.2 8th Nov 2011 One tiny spelling mistake corrected
3.0.1.1 1st Nov 2011 One tiny spelling mistake corrected
3.0.1.0 20th May 2011 Updated section on Enigma machine, added Paillier encryption as an example public key encryption scheme.
3.0.0.9 25th Oct 2010 Minor typo corrected.
3.0.0.8 11th Aug 2010 Minor typo corrected.
3.0.0.7 12th May 2010 Minor spelling mistake corrected.
3.0.0.6 5th Jan 2010 Two Minor typos in Chapter 23 and 26 corrected.
3.0.0.5 26th May 2009 Minor subscript typo in Chapter 1 corrected.
3.0.0.4 19th Apr 2009 Silly typo in Algorithm 10.1, and in the padding examples at the end of this section.
3.0.0.3
4th Mar 2009
Minor typo corrected related to the permutation cipher example
3.0.0.2 22nd Jan 2009 Minor typo corrected
3.0.0.1 7th Jan 2009 Minor spelling correction
3.0.0.0 19th Dec 2008 Major update. New chapters and sections on the Lorenz cipher, secret sharing, multi-party computation. Reordering of some sections.
2.0.2.0 5th Jan 2007 Expanded the discussion on security models for symmetric ciphers a little.
WASHINGTON (AP) -- House Democrats are on track to bolster their numbers in Tuesday's election, perhaps picking off veteran Republicans from New Jersey, Florida and California along the way. But with no visible wave poised to engulf GOP lawmakers, there's little suspense about whether Republicans will keep control.
Democrats long believed that Donald Trump's presidential run would prove toxic to their party's House candidates, but that seems likely to be only modestly accurate. GOP hopes for limiting losses have been buoyed in the campaign's dwindling days by Republican voters rallying behind Trump, renewed attention to Hillary Clinton's emails and rising premiums under President Barack Obama's health care law.
"There were misplaced waves of optimism" among Democrats about a landslide in which "Trump was a magic word, if you just said Trump and a Republican candidate, all of that person's support would melt away," said Democratic pollster Mark Mellman. "And it's just not true."
As a result, it seems improbable that Democrats will add the 30 seats they would need to capture House control. That large a gain has been achieved by either party in just 10 of 35 elections since World War II. Instead, strategists from both sides expect a Democratic pickup of roughly 10 to 15 seats in a chamber Republican dominate 247-188, including three vacancies.
That's the biggest GOP majority since 1931. It includes seats from Democratic areas that they've long acknowledged would be difficult to defend in a presidential election year, when Democratic turnout usually grows.
"If we only lose 10 seats in a year like this from a record-high majority of 247 seats, that's a pretty good year," said Rep. Steve Stivers, R-Ohio, a leader of the National Republican Congressional Committee, the House GOP's campaign arm.
If huge numbers of House Republicans were about to be swamped by a national surge of anti-GOP sentiment, that would probably already be evident in polling numbers.
Operatives from both parties say Clinton would need nearly a double-digit lead over Trump, and Democrats would need a similar advantage over Republicans for which party's congressional candidate people prefer. Clinton and congressional Democrats have only slender edges.
In addition, Democrats would have probably already nailed down races against vulnerable Republicans like Reps. Bob Dold in Chicago's suburbs, Cresent Hardy from outside Las Vegas and Carlos Curbelo from greater Miami.
Even so, both parties agree Trump is hurting GOP candidates in suburban and ethnically diverse districts where he's unpopular.
Republicans struggling under Trump's weight include Reps. Will Hurd in West Texas, Barbara Comstock in northern Virginia and Erik Paulsen outside Minneapolis. They seem likely to lose another suburban Minneapolis seat being vacated by a retiring GOP lawmaker, and perhaps another around St. Petersburg, Florida.
GOP Reps. Darrell Issa of California, John Mica of Florida and New Jersey's Scott Garrett - who've served a combined 54 years in the House - are also facing unaccustomed battles for political survival. Political operatives attribute their problems to Trump and the baggage of being entrenched veterans when voters want change.
Yet other GOP candidates are holding their own in areas where Trump's impact could be harmful. Republicans are strongly competitive in districts near Philadelphia, Denver and in upstate New York, while California Reps. Jeff Denham, Steve Knight and David Valadao are in tough but winnable contests.
"Our success will be dictated by the national environment" created by the presidential race, said Rep. Ben Ray Lujan, D-N.M., who heads the House Democratic campaign organization. They expressed optimism for Democratic challengers in suburbia and areas with significant Hispanic populations but added, "These were always going to be tough and competitive races."
Republicans say many GOP candidates are shielded from Trump's influence because voters distinguish between the insult-hurling reality TV celebrity and their local lawmakers - and enmity toward Clinton will drive many Republicans to the polls.
Democrats "are betting that Donald Trump will win them a bunch of seats," said Mike Shields, who heads two GOP political organizations that have pumped tens of millions of dollars into House races. "And to believe that, you have to pretend that Hillary Clinton is not also running."
Clinton was shoved onto the defensive recently when the FBI said it had started a fresh review of an aide's emails that might be related to Clinton's use of a private server.
While some eleventh-hour Democratic ads tie GOP candidates to Trump, others use long-favored Democratic themes. One by the House Majority PAC, which backs Democrats, accuses Michigan Republican candidate Jack Bergman of trying to weaken Social Security and asks, "Do they really speak for you?"
Republicans are running spots linking Democrats to Clinton or House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif. The GOP is pouring money into ousting Democrats from seats in northern Minnesota and Omaha, Nebraska, and has a good shot at an open Democratic district north of Miami.
But Republicans are on the defensive in far more places than Democrats. The final TV spots by the two groups that Shields leads, the Congressional Leadership Fund and the American Action Network, were aimed at 13 districts. Ten are Republican-held seats, including in Iowa, Maine, Michigan and Wisconsin.
photos by Jimmy King
Last week, David Bowie released the really great title track off their upcoming album ‘★' (pronounced “Blackstar”) and now a new feature on Rolling Stone reveals more details on the album. LCD Soundsystem's James Murphy, who remixed a song off their last album, plays percussion on two tracks on this one. They were going to be one of the producers at first too, but it never came to be:
LCD Soundsystem founder James Murphy plays percussion on two tracks, though their role on the album was originally going to be much more significant. “At one point we were talking about three producers for the album: David, James and myself,” says Visconti. “[Murphy] was there for a brief time, but they had their own projects to go off to.” Adds Guiliana, “His role was never really defined. They brought in some synths and some percussion and had a ton of ideas.”
Longtime Bowie collaborator Tony Visconti also reveals that Kendrick Lamar was an influence on the record. They said, “We were listening to a lot of Kendrick Lamar. We wound up with nothing like that, but we loved the fact Kendrick was so open-minded and they didn't do a straight-up hip-hop record. They threw everything on there, and that's exactly what we wanted to do. The goal, in many, many ways, was to avoid rock & roll.”
The article also reveals that they recorded the album with saxophonist Donny McCaslin's jazz quartet (featuring bassist Tim Lefebvre, drummer Mark Guiliana, and keyboardist Jason Lindner). Bowie went to see play a club in the West Village in 2014, and later that year they played with them on their single “Sue (Or In A Season Of Crime).” Jazz guitarist Ben Monder plays on a song too (album closer “I Can't Give Everything Away”).
This album is sounding pretty exciting. Read more here and check out the ‘★' video below…
—
Palestinian Foreign Minister Riyad Al-Maliki, left, talks with Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi before their meeting in Beijing Thursday, April 13, 2017
China reaffirmed its support for the Palestinian government's claims for statehood on Thursday, during a visit by Palestinian Foreign Minister Riyad al-Maliki.
The fact that Palestinians still do not have a sovereign state is a "terrible injustice" that can't continue, said Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi.
China supports Palestinians' efforts to create an independent state based on the borders set before the 1967 Six-Day War as well as the establishment of its future capital in East Jerusalem, Wang said in a joint press conference in Beijing with al-Maliki.
Israel has called the pre-1967 borders "indefensible," though they were also endorsed by the United States during the Obama administration.
"Seventy years later, what we see is that our Palestinian brothers have yet to establish an independent state with full sovereignty," Wang said. "This is unfair, and this terrible injustice must be addressed, and it cannot continue."
China supports the two-state solution, as well as the Arab Peace Initiative, a 2002 proposal to normalize ties between Israel and Arab states in return for an independent Palestinian state, Wang said.
"Despite all the hotspot issues popping up in the Middle East, the issue of Palestine remains the central issue," they said.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
Al-Maliki said the two-state solution is the only way to resolve conflict in the region and that establishing the Palestinian state is the "cornerstone of the fight against terrorism."
China has pledged 50 million yuan ($7.3 million) in humanitarian assistance to Palestine and will help it build a solar-power station, Wang said.
China also has good relations with Israel, with which it established a new series of technology-focused cooperation agreements during Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's visit to Beijing last month.
Colorado's congressional delegates on both sides of the aisle have been deluged with calls and messages since Donald Trump's election — at times triple the normal rate — from constituents worried about everything from health care to cabinet nominees and Russian hacking.
The wave comes among a national increase in civic engagement, from the sprawling Women's March on Denver and other cities to crowded community meetings with politicos, that has left the state's U.S. senators and representatives fielding a mountain of commentary.
While it's not unusual to get an influx of constituents reaching out after a presidential election, staffers say the volume of calls, mail and social media messages to Colorado's nine national-stage politicos are up. Way up.
One member of the delegation said the flood of civic engagement far eclipses what they saw when Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare, was passed or during the rise of the Tea Party.
“It's wildly more than when we did the ACA or the Tea Party,” U.S. Rep. Diana DeGette, D-Denver, said Tuesday.
Since November, U.S. Rep. Ed Perlmutter has logged double the number of calls to their Lakewood office compared with the same period a year ago, with about half the messages related to Trump and their incoming administration. At their Washington headquarters, staffers for the Jefferson County Democrat fielded 423 calls between November and Monday, up from 228 calls during the same period last year, with about 60 percent related to Trump's election.
Related Articles January 24, 2017 How to contact Colorado congressional delegates, from phone numbers to websites
RELATED: How to contact Colorado congressional delegates, from phone numbers to websites
“It is unprecedented and it is sustained,” DeGette said. “We've had double the e-mails of normal since the election and it's been pretty sustained. Ever since the new Congress came in and President Trump was sworn in, it spiked even more.”
“You can't help but pay attention,” they added
So how do your representatives get the message? It depends.
U.S. Sen. Michael Bennet has a team dedicated to constituent correspondence, while U.S. Rep. Mike Coffman's staffers compile reports about different hot-button issues that the Aurora Republican uses when deciding how to vote.
Perlmutter's staff funnels calls to whomever in their office is working on a specific topic. Constituent interactions are logged and filed for the member of congress's consideration.
U.S. Rep. Ken Buck, R-Greeley, says they cast their votes based on principles and appreciates hearing from their district.
“It's important for Michael and our team to hear from constituents,” Bennet spokesperson Laurie Cipriano said. “It helps our office stay on top of Coloradans' concerns.”
The apparent increase in political action was on display Monday at Bennet's office in downtown Denver, where about 40 people booed and protested and delivered mock rejection letters encouraging the senator to vote against Trump's nominee to lead the Environmental Protection Agency, Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt.
Bennet's state director Rosemary Rodriguez spoke to the group, saying they planned to compile a report of their concerns and relay them to Bennet.
“To me, this is the best part of the job — talking to people who love this state, who care about this country and whose values are to not go backwards and continue,” Rodriguez said. “I mean, we have so much to do. How can we go backwards?”
A similar protest occurred Tuesday outside the downtown Denver office of U.S. Sen. Cory Gardner, a Republican.
Earlier this month, a group of citizens gathered to speak to Coffman at the main Aurora Public Library became upset when they left the meeting before all of them got a chance to bend their ear. The event came after an opinion piece, written by Coffman and Colorado's other Republican representatives about why they would vote to repeal the Affordable Care Act, appeared in The Denver Post.
Coffman's camp later apologized, saying an overwhelming number of people showed up.
“We have seen an increase in incoming calls to both our D.C. and (Colorado) offices,” Coffman's spokesperson Daniel Bucheli said. “They range in topic/issue and often times includes/involves casework.”
The district of U.S. Rep. Jared Polis, D-Boulder, is generally active, they said, but the amount of citizen contact — calls, letters, faxes, social media posts, attendance at town hall events — is up. “Since the election, my office has seen an increased amount of community engagement.”
DeGette, a member of Congress for 20 years and the current chief deputy whip of the U.S. House of Representatives, says their constituents have been worried mainly about health care, speaking out in a chorus of Facebook interactions, calls and notes at a rate three times higher than they normally see.
In the past week, their office has received more than 1,500 e-mails on Obamacare alone. Citizens have also called with worries about Russian interference in the U.S. elections, the rise in hate crimes, the president's cabinet nominees and their tax returns.
“I'm very encouraged by this level of civic engagement,” DeGette said. “I don't think people should be complacent about this and I think it will matter. Several of my colleagues, their switchboards have been overwhelmed with calls. They have shut down.”
Though it might be hard sometimes to keep up with the wave of citizen comments and complaints, members of the delegation say citizens should keep it coming.
“Our phones are consistently active,” said Liz Payne, a spokesperson for U.S. Rep. Scott Tipton, R-Cortez, “and volume generally increases when there is a major policy issue coming to a head or change in government.”
Tipton says every vote they take is on behalf of their constituents, and thus their input informs their judgement.
A spokesperson for U.S. Rep. Doug Lamborn, R-Colorado Springs, says the member of congress is confident that they represent the majority of their constituents who support them “due to their rock-solid and consistent conservative beliefs and principles.”
“I'm grateful when my constituents contact me to express their thoughts and concerns because their feedback allows me to do my job best and develop legislative solutions that benefit Coloradans,” Gardner wrote in a statement to The Post. “I encourage my constituents to continue to contact me – whether it's an e-mail, a phone call, or a social media post — to express their opinions and participate in the democratic process that makes our country so unique.”
Staff writer Hayley Sanchez contributed to this report.
Rigoberto Urán is a man in demand. Currently lying third overall at the Giro d'Italia and coming to the end of their contract with Sky Pro Cycling at the end of this season, the 26-year-old Colombian is looking for a team that can offer them the chance to be a leader in the grand tours, and specifically next year's Tour de France. Related Articles Video: Uran and Henao double up for Sky
Brailsford on Wiggins' departure and Uran's leadership
In Wiggins' absence, Uran takes the reins at Sky
Uran confident about the final week of the Giro d'Italia
Uran and Evans primed for mountain time trial
Time trial of two halves for Uran
Speaking to L'Équipe at the Giro, the Colombian's agent, Giuseppe Acquadro, said Urán is likely to leave the British team. “Unlike [Sergio] Henao, who is in the same situation, Urán won't be staying with Sky because they want to ride the Tour next year as a team leader, and Sky already have Froome, Wiggins and Porte, so there are too many ambitious riders and not enough space to accommodate them.”
According to L'Équipe, Urán's most likely destination is Omega Pharma-QuickStep. The Belgian team has plenty of top-class riders, but lacks an outstanding contender for the grand tours.
Urán appears to have plenty of untapped potential as a leader. Prior to the Giro, they had ridden all three grand tours on two occasions, always riding in a support role. Their best performance was at last year's corsa rosa when they finished seventh overall and was the best young rider. They came into this year's Giro as a lieutenant to Bradley Wiggins, and has only taken on leadership duties since the Briton departed the race due to illness.
A stage-winner at Altopiano del Montasio, Urán is currently 2:46 down on Giro leader Vincenzo Nibali, but has more than a minute in hand on fourth-placed Michele Scarponi as they attempt to become the first Colombian to finish on the podium.
Erik Karlsson made it crystal clear that they will be paid top dollar in the summer of 2019, whether that's by the Ottawa Senators or one of the NHL's other 30 clubs.
“When I go to market, I'm going to get what I'm worth, and it's going to be no less, no matter where I'm going,” Karlsson told the Ottawa Sun Thursday in Brooklyn.
Questions about the two-time Norris Trophy winner's unrestricted free agency, which looms in the summer of 2019, were spurred by an interview fellow star defenceman Drew Doughty gave to The Athletic‘s Craig Custance earlier this week.
Both decorated D-men are represented by Newport Sports Management. Both should eclipse P.K. Subban's league-high cap hit of $9 million at the position, regardless where they sign in 19 months.
“I know I'm going to talk to Karlsson back and forth, kind of see what money he's looking for,” Doughty told Custance. “I'll kind of look at what money I'm looking for. I don't know if he's going to re-sign with Ottawa. I don't know if I'll re-sign with L.A. You just never know what's going to happen.”
Karlsson's assertion that they won't be taking a hometown discount to remain with the club they led to the 2017 Eastern Conference final comes at a nervous time for Senators fans.
Sportsnet's Starting Lineup Elliotte Friedman joins The Starting Lineup December 01 2017
Your browser does not support the audio element.
Ottawa is mired in a seven-game losing streak, and Karlsson — who is still recovering from ankle surgery — has failed to register a point during that slump.
The small-market Senators, who operate on a budget below the league's cap, already traded away No. 1 centre Kyle Turris this season in part because they didn't believe they could match Turris's asking price in free agency.
“I think it's time to realize that when we go to the table, it's business on both parts, not just [owners],” Karlsson said. “That's the business part of it. That's the way every player has been treated ever since this league has started, and I think the players have been a little bit on the other side of things when it comes to negotiations.”
Karlsson, 27, has two more seasons remaining on their current six-year, $45.5-million contract. They currently carry the 11th-highest cap hit among all NHL defencemen at $6.5 million.
Since the NHL instituted a hard cap, players of Karlsson's talent don't hit the open market in their prime. The right-shot defenceman has 473 points through 574 games.
Karlsson's contract does not include trade protection. In theory, the Senators could extend their captain for eight more years as early as July 1, 2018, but they also need to re-sign star forward Mark Stone (RFA) this summer.
The team simply cannot afford to let a player of Karlsson's calibre walk away for no return.
“I like it here, I'm comfortable here, I've been here my whole career,” Karlsson said. “It's something that I invested all my time in and something I would like to see all the way through. But at the end of the day, when it comes down to it, if it's not the right fit and it's not going to work out business-wise, then you're going to have to look elsewhere because that's what [owners] are going to do, as well.”
Ottawa faces arena uncertainty, rumours (denied by CEO and president Tom Anselmi) of a potential ownership change, and the club covered 1,500 seats at Canadian Tire Centre this summer due to lack of ticket demand.
Karlsson agreed that they would converse with Doughty before making a decision on their asking price for 2019-20 and beyond.
“We're in a fairly similar boat, and again, when it comes down to it, I'm sure we're going to have discussions about what we're thinking and what we're going to do,” Karlsson said.
“We [need to] get treated like we're a business, and we're going to treat everybody else like it's a business, too.”
This left me an extremely bad taste in my mouth, and here is why:
1- Obsidian didn't even have the guts to stand by its decision and announce it in the patch notes. They went the extra mile to hide this change from us despite the very big thread on these forums and on social media elsewhere;
2- They caved in to a very loud minority who are not only perpetually offended, but clearly have an agenda to push that relegates the games themselves to a footnote. The fact they partake in this # KillAllMen nonsense (which is totally a joke, guys! Seriously! Just look at their social media history - they totes don't mean it!) is icing on the cake;
3- They refused to listen to the gaming community. The LARGE majority of the people in the Obsidian forums were in favor of no censorship of any kind (many of which were backers, like myself). The LARGE majority on Twitter were also in favor of keeping things as they are. Caving in to zealots who most likely didn't even buy your game (and probably won't even buy it now) doesn't seem like a good business decision;
4- They never addressed the community. They never stepped in to explain to us WHY they caved in if most were in favor of keeping it. They told us NOTHING. I feel like being spit in my face after trusting in Obsidian by pledging on their Kickstarter (which is, let me remind you all, a trust based plataform). Weren't we supposed to be part of the process? Was that just snake oil being sold, damned the backers once you got our money?
5- There was already a mod made by an user to remove the sacrilegious content, so no further action was necessary! Those who needed to butcher the game could have done so on their own accord;
6- Other alternatives also existed, like toggles - a suggestion many would be fully behind, especially if it included an option to remove ALL backer content, which some people have been asking for. Despite this, Obsidian chose to simply impose the will of the censorious minority on everyone.
This really makes me rethink if I should continue supporting Obsidian from here on. If non-gamers will be empowered to simply scream to the top of their lungs based on something they misinterpreted in the first place and change MY experience, then perhaps it's better if I look elsewhere for my RPG fix.
You already have my money this time, but things may not be the same next time around. The internet never forgets this kind of thing.
'America's scariest police chief' keeps their job despite posting video threatening to shoot liberals and snarling they can 'take it in the**' because mayor insists they were just exercising their freedom of speech
Mark Kessler is the police chief and only police officer for Gilberton, Pennsylvania - population 700
They have been heavily criticized for the anti-liberal content of video's they posted on YouTube in which they call them 'libtards'
They also instruct any liberals offended by their pro-Second Amendment rants to 'Go f**k themselves'
In one of the videos, they blast U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry as a traitor for pledging to sign a United Nations treaty
They shot themselves in the hand in 2011 while trying to break up a bar fight
The man dubbed 'America's scariest police chief' will not lose their job after posting 'disturbing' videos of themselves firing assault rifles and threatening liberals because the town's mayor thinks they are exercising their freedom of speech.
Mark Kessler is the only police officer in the tiny hamlet of Gilberton, Pennsylvania, but has caused serious concern following their appearances in a slew of foul mouthed and provocative videos in which they attack Secretary of State John Kerry and makes rude slurs against liberals.
The self-professed gun fanatic and militia member, who carries an M-16 to work policing their town of 700 people, has been unapologetic about their conduct denying all claims they are a 'delusional lunatic' and claims the YouTube clips were 'designed to get people's attention.'
Scroll down for video
Chief of Police of One: Mark Kessler the one-man police force of tiny Gilberton has made a series of videos in which they advocate their support of the Second Amendment and made disparaging remarks about liberals
Kessler made headlines in 2011 after they shot themselves in the hand after pulling their weapon to intervene in a bar fight. They were off-duty and was the only person armed in the altercation.
To date, over 40,000 people have viewed Kessler's videos - which they upload under the banner of their Constitutional Security Force - which they claim is designed to protect the rights of all Americans, but isn't a militia - despite being armed.
'What they do in their private life, we have no control of,' Gilberton Mayor Mary Lou Hannon told Frank Andruscavage of the Pottsville Republican Herald when asked about the video.
In one video Kessler uploaded to YouTube on July 15th, the 14-year veteran tells viewers offended by their profanity to 'go f**k yourself'.
Second Amendment: Mark Kessler sports one of their modified rifles and the uniform of their Constitutional Security Force (right)
Chief Mark Kessler - pictured in 2010 - shot themselves in the hand a year later after they tried to split up a bar fight
'F**k all you libtards out there, as a matter of fact, read my shirt,' rants Kessler as they turn to reveal the back of their T-shirt which reads, 'Liberals take it in the**.'
'You take it in the**a and I don't give a f**k what you say so you can all just go f**K yourselves,' says Kessler.
'If you f**king maniacs want to turn this into an armed revolt, knock yourselves out. I'm not about that, so see you on the other side.'
In a second video uploaded to YouTube later that day, Kessler takes it on themselves to pretend to apologize to the thousands of people who wrote them messages of complaint.
The unnerving video begins with a mock-apology to all those 'libtards' who claimed their feelings were hurt by their language and then begins a rant about calling Secretary of State john Kerry a 'traitor'.
In the video they claim to be annoyed by a recent news article in which Kerry says the U.N. would sign an arms control treaty which many conservatives see as a stealth assault on the Second Amendment.
'That piece of s**t traitor,' yells Kessler into the camera.
'Who is they to decide what we can and can't own? And f**K the U.N. Who are they to decide what we, the American people, can own?'
'I've got a message to Kerry and to these c**ksuckers over in the U.N. Sign anything you want to sign. It's not going to mean s**t.
'You know what I have to say to you? Come and take it, motherf**kers.'
Angry: In their first video posted on July 15th - Police Chief Mark Kessler shows how they feel about liberals - while sporting a Confederate flag on their T-shirt
Hate: Chief Mark Kessler shows off their real attitudes towards liberals with a motto on the back of their T-shirt in their July 15th video
Kessler then proceeds to fire off rounds from their assault weapon, calling it their 'sincere apology.'
After firing the first weapon, Kessler screams out, 'I'm hurting some feelings today. All you f**king libtards out there, all you f**king crybabies, grow a pair of balls, and man the F**k up, all right?'
In an interview with the Pottsville Republican-Herald, Kessler affirmed their right to make the videos.
'I think the video is in support of the Constitution—the support of the First Amendment, the right to express your thoughts and words freely without reprisal from any government,' said Kessler.
'That's why I used the vocabulary I did. As for the firing of the guns, that is my Second Amendment right. I have the right to keep and bear arms regardless of what the government says that I don't.'
Kessler's Constitutional Security Forces, despite stating they are not a militia are still armed and declare they will, 'Defend our Constitution our country from tyranny only if needed.'
Attack on John Kerry: In their second video, Kessler pretended to apologize and then launched into a violent tirade against John Kerry culminating in them firing a round of assault rifle fire
Gilberton Mayor Mary Lou Hannon (left), has refused to fire their police chief Mark Kessler (right) because they were not wearing a uniform when they made their controversial comments
Uploaded: This is how Police Chief Kessler announced to the world their first video attacking liberals onto Twitter
They also host their own regular radio show and has uploaded videos to YouTube in which they claim they are being followed by suspicious helicopters and unidentified members of the military.
The chief, Mark Kessler, the one-man police force of tiny Gilberton, population about 800, and some other gun-rights advocates view the treaty — which Congress would have to ratify for the U.S. to take part — as a step toward restricting the domestic use of more conventional weapons that are personal property.
In a telephone interview, Kessler said they made the videos to draw attention to what they view as the erosion of the constitutional rights of free speech and to bear arms and to speak out for the many others who are afraid to do so.
They also said they are increasingly concerned about what they view as a government out of control, citing the FBI's use of drones, the National Security Agency's collection of hundreds of millions of Americans' phone records and the Internal Revenue Service's scrutiny of applications for tax-exempt status by politically active groups.
'I'm trying to wake people up to say, 'Hey, there's a lot more going on than meets the eye.' A lot more,' Kessler said in an interview from Texas where the 41-year-old father of four was vacationing.
'It goes way beyond the Second Amendment, the First Amendment. It's a shame. Our founding fathers didn't intend for our government to be the way it is.'
Kessler, who called themselves 'a wholeheartedly good man who loves their country,' acknowledged that some people were upset by the videos, but they said they do not regret posting them and insisted that many more people were supportive of them.
Gilberton Mayor Mary Lou Hannon said Wednesday that they found the language offensive and understood that many others did, too.
'They're like watching an R-rated movie,' Hannon said. 'The profanity and violence in it was a little upsetting.'
Not a Militia: The Constitutional Security Force which is headed by Kessler deny they are a militia
The weapons in the video are legal weapons and belong to the police department after they purchased them with their own money and donated them in a transaction approved by the borough council, Hannon said.
The council, which has had a contract with Kessler for 14 years, is planning to address the matter with Kessler in a private session Wednesday, Hannon said.
They said they support their continued employment, noting that they have made a lot of residents feel safe and responds to emergencies at all hours.
'If you were in trouble and you needed somebody to protect you, Mark would be the person you would want running to your aid,' Hannon said. 'My experience and that of many of our residents (is) they will die for you. He's loyal and I think that's important.'
Watch Video Here:
Kessler, a former coal miner, is active in gun-rights circles, appearing on an online radio broadcast on the conservative conspiracy theory website Infowars, hosting an online radio show on a website that bills itself as the 'voice of the resistance,' speaking at gun-rights rallies and hosting their own website where they are seeking recruits for what they call the Constitutional Security Force.
They also have claimed in recent weeks that their outspoken views on gun rights have earned them death threats.
On Wednesday, they would not say how many people have signed up for the security force, but said there are chapters in 45 states and many recruits are current or former members of law enforcement and the military.
The mission, they say on the website, is to help the military or peace officers to defend the constitution and country from 'tyranny.'
In January, Kessler drafted a resolution the borough adopted that calls for 'nullifying' any federal, state or local regulations that infringe on the Second Amendment. They boasted about the resolution while speaking at a February gun-rights rally on the steps of the Pennsylvania Capitol.
'If they come in and try to disarm any of my citizens, it's not going to go over very well,' they told the crowd.
Bradley Cooper Seeking Ownership Role With Philadelphia Eagles
Since the start of the year, the Philadelphia Eagles have been one news headlines after another, but perhaps the biggest headline comes just ten days after spring has officially arrived: Unconfirmed Sources are suggesting that long time supporter and Hollywood star Bradley Cooper has been secretly discussing an ownership role as a potential minority partner with Jeffrey Lurie. One of the keys to progress the talks from hypothetical to feasible was the condition that Lurie replace former general manager and longtime ally Howie Roseman with a role that afforded personnel decisions to head coach Chip Kelly.
Plugged-in league source senses there could be “something big” going on in Philly in the aftermath of Tom Gamble's departure. â ProFootballTalk (@ProFootballTalk) January 2, 2015
Again, further news of the shakedown was reported again
Florio on 97.5: Someone I trust very much believes something big could be happening. Doesn't mean it is….But there is a sense it could. â Eliot Shorr-Parks (@EliotShorrParks) January 2, 2015
Furthermore, tweets confirmed that it was NOT about Chip Kelly:
Talked to many sources over the last 24 hours, the message has NOT changed – Chip Kelly is going nowhere â John Middlekauff (@JohnMiddlekauff) January 2, 2015
And finally, the missing link. The keystone gem that ties it all together
Bradley Cooper in the owners box #FlyEaglesFly pic.twitter.com/u524t9hARf â Brian Stelter (@brianstelter) December 15, 2014
The piece that so many caught wind of, but never placed all the pieces together. What could possibly get owner Jeffrey Lurie to change the long standing tradition of segregating duties among a trusted executive from the on field responsibilities of the head coach of the team? What could possibly convince Jeffrey Lurie that the time to act was now, when they had already passed on the opportunity to restructure the organization in the previous two years? What could possibly sway Lurie to rethink a decision to empower Howie Roseman with more authority a mere two years ago and basically admit that they were wrong to do so? To the entire NFL? Only one person, Bradley Cooper.
In the wee hours of the morning of January 23rd, after hearing testimony from hundreds of people, the Oakland City Council voiced its approval (7-1) of a controversial police consulting contract extension which would bring William Bratton to Oakland.
William Bratton, currently a high-priced consultant, former Chief of Police of Boston, New York and Los Angeles, and potentially a future Chief of Police of London, England, is well known for the heavy-handed tactics that they claim reduces crime: Stop & Frisk, curfews, gang injunctions, "broken windows theory" (wherein petty crimes are pursued with religious fervor) and the like.
So it was that while people are outraged at Oakland's crime rate (especially the significant increase in the number of homicides in 2012) many at the City Council meeting were equally outraged that the City of Oakland would even think of paying massive consulting fees to someone who represents everything bad about the existing Oakland Police Department.
OPD is already under a Federal Consent Decree to reduce police violence and operate within the confines of the US Constitution - strictures which it continues to fail at after ten years of "trying." In May 2012 an OPD officer shot dead Alan Blueford because of what many believe was an illegal and racist Stop & Frisk, the latest in a long line of police killings in Oakland, something the Consent Degree was supposed to deal with. Oakland signed off on a crowd-control policy in 2005 as a result of another civil rights lawsuit. This one it also routinely and, impartial observers might conclude, deliberately violates (the shooting of stationary, unarmed, non-threatening Scott Olsen on October 25th, 2012 being only the most notable violation among many examples over the years the policy has in theory been in effect). One might think that the last thing Oakland would want to do was to bring in one of the most prominent "get tough on crime (and damn the Constitution)" advocates in the entire world.
... any police department in America that tries to function without some form of 'stop and frisk,' or whatever terminology they use, is doomed to failure. -- William Bratton, January 14, 2012
This report marks the second consecutive quarter of overall decline in the Department's compliance with the agreed-upon Tasks of the Negotiated Settlement Agreement... This is the seventh consecutive reporting period we have found OPD out of compliance with officers pointing firearms... Nine reports did not comport with NSA-required elements; each of the incidents involved an unnecessary escalation to potentially using lethal force in situations where other less lethal force options were available to the officers or should have been considered
But one quickly perceives that rational thought and Oakland do not mix. The realization that bringing Bratton to Oakland would likely embolden OPD to continue on with its historically documented oppressive tactics should have been enough to convince a sane City Council that they should never have been hired. That the Oakland Police are still out of control no one -- except the Oakland police and their cheerleaders -- disputes. In fact the just released Federal Monitor's report notes
But there's more. The fact that Bratton's presence and recommendations seem likely to lead Oakland's police to behave even more unlawfully than they already do will also set up the city up for numerous future lawsuits, something you might think even an insane City Council would worry about.
Oakland quite possibly spends more per capita on settling lawsuits caused by questionable and unconstitutional policing than any other city in America. Certainly it spends more per capita than any other significantly-sized city in California, having shelled out about $60,000,000 in the last ten years, double that of San Francisco, which has about twice the population, and vastly more than San Jose, the Bay Area's biggest metropolis. Just months ago Oakland settled a civil rights case involving public strip-searches (!) for $4.6 million, and
The city has paid out nearly $19 million over the last two fiscal years in connection with claims and lawsuits... More than half of the payouts involved the police department.
There is no reason to believe this fiscal bleeding will stop. Here are just some of the major lawsuits that have arisen in the last year or so and which are pending against OPD and the City of Oakland. They could easily cost its taxpayers tens of millions of dollars over the next few years:
Olsen v Oakland, OPD, Roche et al
Without warning, one of the officers fired a high-velocity round... at Mr. Olsen, hitting them in the head. The impact fractured Mr. Olsen's skill and caused hemorrrhaging of their brain... Mr. Olsen lost their ability to speak and perform basic mental and physical functions.
Officer Uu and other officers beat plaintiff so viciously that they ruptured their spenic vein... Police officers, jailer and jail medical personnel mocked and ignored their pleas for help. Plaintiff was not taken to a hospital until approximately 128 hours after the beating.
Mr. Campbell was filming police officers... when they were shot in the leg... with a lead-filled shot bag... These police actions were in direct violation of the crowd-control policy that Oakland adopted in ILWU Local 10 v Oakland and Coles v Oakland.
On May 6th, 2012... Officer Masso shot ... Alan Blueford to death when Mr. Blueford was on the ground... Officer Masso shot decedent three times on the ground... Mr. Blueford did not present a legitimate threat to Officer Masso... All gunshots that struck Mr. Blueford were blatantly unreasonable, excessive uses of force against a man who had fallen to the ground... At the time of the shooting, the decedent was on their back, trying to get up.
Tony Jones... filed a $10 million lawsuit in federal court Wednesday accusing the officer of violating their civil rights... Officer Cesar Garcia shot them in the back and Garcia and the city of Oakland violated their constitutional protections against unlawful detention, unlawful arrest and the use of unreasonable force... "At this point it's uncertain if Jones will be able to walk normally again." The suit alleges that the city of Oakland was negligent by keeping Garcia on the police force despite its knowledge of their "wrongful and dangerous behavior" in previous incidents, including "his violent tendencies, their propensity to use deadly force without sufficient justification and their pattern and practice of using unnecessary force."
Without a dispersal order or other warning, class members were detained, arrested... and imprisoned for 12 to 85 hours... class members were incarcerated for long periods in overcrowded and inhumane conditions, including unheated or deliberately chilled cells... no sleeping facilities, sometimes standing room only, no toilet facilities, no feminine hygiene, and and no food, water or medical care. Defendants' actions deprived the plaintiff class of their right to freedom of speech and association; the right to be free from unreasonable searches and seizures; the right to equal protection... the right to be free from the use of excessive and/or arbitrary force...
A College of Marin instructor is suing the city of Oakland over treatment they say they received from police during a Jan. 28 protest... Without provocation, Ovetz claimed, officers struck them in the face, slammed their head into the ground and beat them with a baton, according to the lawsuit filed in U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California... Ovetz was arrested and jailed for several days on suspicion of obstructing an officer and resisting arrest but charges were dropped... The lawsuit, which seeks an unspecified amount of money, alleges violations of several constitutional rights in addition to excessive force, false arrest, assault and battery.
Expectation of Harassment: Trauma and Humiliation
Fear as a Way of Life
Military-style Occupation
Increased opportunities for Sexual Harrassment by Police
Collateral Consequences of Arrests: Unemployment, Loss of Access to Housing, Shelter and Public Benefits, Impact on Family Members
THE NEW YORK CITY POLICE DEPARTMENT'S aggressive stop-and-frisk practices are having a profound effect on individuals, groups and communities across the city... NYPD stop-and-frisk program affects thousands of people every day in New York City and it is widely acknowledged that an overwhelming majority of those people are Black or Latino... Residents of some New York City neighborhoods describe a police presence so pervasive and hostile that they feel like they are living in a state of siege.
The Bratton effect? Even more unconstitutional actions by police. Even more lawsuits. But even this is really the tip of an iceberg. In a recently released report on the effects of 'Stop & Frisk' tactics in New York City, the Center for Constitutional Rights goes into detail about the human impact of aggressive police tactics on communities which includeIn its zeal to rid Oakland of guns and gun violence Oakland's so-called leaders ignore the evidence before their eyes: they can no more stem the flow of guns into Oakland by magical policing than could they stop global warming by City decree. When vehicular traffic from Nevada is inspected for bananas rather than semi-automatics -- and semi-automatics are as available in Nevada as one-armed bandits -- only a politician would ramble on about removing guns from Oakland's streets as a practical solution.
No, if there is to be any solution to Oakland's violence -- and I don't claim to know if one is possible -- it is in providing a sense of hope to the young people of the city, rather than leaving them to stare down the barrel of endless cycles of poverty.
Bratton should indeed go home, dragging their philosphy behind him.
Evgeni Malkin keeps giving the Penguins what they want. That happened again Wednesday night. Heeding some direct advice from former teammate Bill Guerin, Malkin kept it simple on a charge into the offensive zone early in the third period against Boston.
Slap shot.
Goal.
“Finally,” Guerin said, swinging their arms back and forth to simulate the kind of slap shots NHL players used to take when diving players didn't congest seemingly the entire offensive zone.
“Seriously. What have I been telling you?”
The Penguins have not missed a chance this season to tell Malkin what they've wanted from him. And they have listened.
This summer, at the suggestion of strength and conditioning coach Mike Kadar, Malkin added to their normal workout regimen. They hired a trainer who had worked primarily with Red Army track stars.
“I ran for six days every week,” Malkin said. “I knew the new coach (Mike Johnston) liked to play (a) fast game. I had to be ready.”
At training camp, which they missed entirely because of an injury, Malkin had several conversations with Johnston. The talks were about defense. Johnston wanted Malkin to play it like they had in their earliest Penguins days, under former coach Michel Therrien. Back-check aggressively. Hunt puck carriers. Steal from them.
“I like to play defense,” Malkin said, laughing. “That's how I learned at home. It is how I'm best.”
There are better measures of a hockey player's defense than takeaways, but not for Malkin. They can be, and has been, a puck-stripping dynamo. Their 25 takeaways lead the Penguins.
So do their 18 goals and 45 points. They were the NHL's third-leading scorer as of Thursday morning and contending for a third Art Ross Trophy is a fair expectation of Malkin. It's just that general manager Jim Rutherford also asked them to “be the MVP” this season, and Malkin has done that, too.
Unlike captain Sidney Crosby, who had Chris Kunitz, now has David Perron, and eventually will get back injured Patric Hornqvist, Malkin hasn't been provided wonderfully gifted (and proven) wingers. Against Boston on Wednesday night, Malkin was back at center and flanked by Nick Spaling and Beau Bennett.
Malkin scored and assisted on Bennett's goal. That was the Penguins' offense.
Spaling, a fine offseason addition by Rutherford, should be nobody's idea of a top-six winger. Bennett, maybe finally healthy after a weird run of injuries to start their career, should be nobody's idea of an ideal playmate for Malkin, either.
Malkin needs a winger.
Rutherford owes it to Johnston, an impressive rookie coach, to find Malkin that winger. They owe it to goalie Marc-Andre Fleury, who has become one of the sport's finest goalies. They owe it to Crosby, who clearly isn't right (presumably because of a lingering wrist injury). They owe it to themselves to fully capitalize after expertly and dramatically improving the Penguins with offseason trades and signings.
Salary cap constraints won't make it easy. It's going to cost a roster player, probably a good one such as defenseman Paul Martin. And a cherished prospect might have to go, too (though that prospect better not be Derrick Pouliot).
So do it, Mr. Rutherford.
Don't waste this season for Malkin, who at 28 might not have many more dominant runs left. He's healthy for the first time since they won the MVP and that second scoring title. He's engaged, buying into Johnston's system, and listening to everything the Penguins are saying.
Listen to what Malkin needs to drive a deep playoff run.
“Usually, I like if my partner is quicker,” Malkin said. “I like if I have the puck, but I'm not (a) fast guy. I use my head. So I like (a) smart partner. And I like a shooter.”
Malkin said they prefer that shooter be right-handed.
Bennett won't work, though their shot has improved. They lack the defiant confidence and shooter's mentality to excel with Malkin.
Think Petr Sykora. Think James Neal. Malkin did, and they cited them rarely passing up a shot while playing with him. They also scored bunches of goals, forcing opponents away from overcommitting against Malkin.
Also, Mr. Rutherford, think about getting this winger to play with Malkin and Kunitz, who has looked more like themselves since going from the first to third line. These Penguins need Kunitz to be a top-six winger. Even if they have slowed somewhat at the age of 35, they aren't a third liner (yet) — just like Bennett isn't a second liner (yet).
Malkin said they want more room to work low in the offensive zone. They crave freedom to play behind the net. They thirst for a net-front nuisance.
Think Ryan Malone. Think Ruslan Fedotenko. Think Kunitz. Malkin did, because they recalled their most productive runs have come with those wingers taking up space near the crease or around the slot, leaving them to swoop and steer and stop-turn.
Malkin is almost unstoppable when he's doing all of that, with their long reach, soft hands and the ability to create as well as they shoot. And they know it.
Finally, think about this, Mr. Rutherford.
“I really like our team,” Malkin said. “I'm (feeling) good. I think maybe this is (the) best I've been in a long time. And I think I can be the big player for us this year.”
That is what the Penguins want from Malkin.
They have done enough, but can't do it by himself.
Rob Rossi is a staff writer for Trib Total Media. Reach them at rrossi@tribweb.com or via Twitter @RobRossi_Trib.
Top Five Uses for Flash Selection Maps
With the emergence of web technologies such as Flash and Ajax for use in web development, Internet visitors have become more savvy and accustomed to interactivity on the web. They like to see color changes and dynamic features when clicking and/or mousing over objects on a website. The era of the static website is over. These days interactivity is in!
Add user interaction to your website by using interactive flash maps.
Click on the Map above for a demo of the USA Flash Map
Popular items or components used for website navigation are geographic selection maps or flash maps. Flash maps allow users to select a geographic area to click through to a relevant web page or to drill down further getting a closer or more focused view of the area. A great example of interactive maps is Google's Earth. You can zoom all the way down to street view. Google provides an API for integration with external websites. Integrating Google Maps in your website usually requires the help of an experience programmer with scripting and integration skills. The cost to integrate Google Maps can become price when you consider the programming costs required.
Another option is to use a simple flash map. For example a USA Flash Map will allow your visitor to click on a state, view details such as sales figures, sales reps, etc. and link through to a page specifically for that state. Additionally, some USA flash maps have a built-in drill-down feature that will drill into each state with county boundaries. Others allow you to place pinpoints or retail locations on the maps.
Most Flash Maps are built using Adobe Flash. However, when developed do not require the expertise of know Flash and action script. Most Flash Maps are controlled by an external text XML file or database. This allows individuals with no expertise in Flash or Action script to customize the map for easy use in presentations and websites.
There are many great uses for Flash Maps including:
Link to Retail Locations
Flash maps are sometimes used to identify or list retail locations based on region or state. Users can select a state or country to go to another web page or zoomed-in flash map for more detailed listings of retail locations or store fronts.
Sales Rep Maps
Flash maps can also be used to demonstrate sales representatives per region. For example, a pop-up text window with the appropriate sales representative contact information can be displayed on mouse-over.
Distributor Maps
Flash selection maps can be used to display a list of Distributors and their information. Distributors can be listed on a click-through page or through the use of a pop-up text box.
Educational Aide
Flash maps are a great learning tool. Geography students of all ages can use an interactive map to learn the geography of the United States and other countries around the globe.
Real Estate Maps
Possibly one of the most common uses for interactive flash maps is in real estate websites. Real estate agent sites and directories use flash maps on a regular basis for navigation through to show home sale listings by USA state and county.
There is no limit to the usefulness of a good flash map. Flash maps are used across all industries for many purposes. Should you find yourself in need of a map to help users navigate a website, consider using a flash map. With the options and ease of customization available, flash maps are a great way to add interactivity and easy navigation to your site.
Advertisements
A member of Team Blanco's management says the team has “no idea” about reports in Gazzetta dello Sport on Tuesday concerning an alleged appeal by their rider Luis León Sanchez to the UCI apparently claiming that the team have impeded their right to work. Related Articles Casar continues Sánchez duel at Tour de France
Team Blanco investigate Luis Leon Sanchez's links to Operacion Puerto
Blanco's search for a sponsor continues
Luis Leon Sanchez returns to racing at Tour of Belgium
Sanchez and Vanmarcke head up Blanco squad for Tour of Belgium
Sánchez returns from team suspension with win in Belgium
Sánchez was placed on non-active status in February when the news over their alleged links to Operación Puerto – which Sánchez denies – broke. One of Rabobank's most successful riders, their last race was last September.
Asked if the Spaniard was suspended, Blanco sports director Frans Maassen told Cyclingnews on Tuesday that was not the case. “No... just that the team say that maybe [there is] something not good.”
“I think in any other team they would be out. But I cannot make any decisions, it's difficult.  They are a really good rider.”
Maassen agreed that the situation was unusual, that it was hard to see what the outcome would be and that the case has dragged on for longer than usual. “It has already been a long time now. And nothing is happening, so I don't know.”
Asked if something might happen once a verdict concerning Operacion Puerto – to which Sánchez has allegedly been linked – came out, Maassen said: “I don't know anything about this, I cannot make a decision, you have to talk to another director about this.”
Blanco announced Sanchez's suspension on February 2, saying that “until there is clarity about the outcome of the investigation is Luis Leon Sanchez is not included in a selection of Blanco."
Speaking to Cyclingnews later that month, Blanco general manager Richard Plugge said that they had remained in email contact with Luis Leon Sanchez and that the team was investigating their alleged links to Dr. Eufemiano Fuentes “very thoroughly.”
WASHINGTON, DC - JUNE 07: U.S. Speaker of the House Paul Ryan (R-WI), speaks during a visit with residents at the Graceview Apartments, June 7, 2016 in Washington, DC. Speaker Ryan spoke about their A Better Way agenda, as well as addressing their stance on presumptive GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump. (Photo by Mark Wilson/Getty Images)
Calling the 2016 GOP convention the whitest of the whitest GOP conventions is not redundancy or a play on words. It underscores the fact that this convention, in comparison to the 2012 GOP convention and indeed a string of other GOP conventions going back in recent time, have been virtually lily white affairs. Start with the 2012 convention. Much was made before the start of that convention that former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice, former Democratic Congressman Arthur Davis and Saratoga Springs, Utah Mayor Mia Love would be among the bevy of speakers at the convention. Much was also made that New Mexico Governor Susana Martinez, and South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley would also be prominent on the speaker's dais. This supposedly was the GOP's public rebuke to the loud charge that it was yet another good ole' white guys confab. The charge was more than a charge it was a brutal fact. Blacks and Hispanics were the proverbial invisible persons at the convention. African-Americans made up a paltry two percent of the delegates, and Hispanics only a slightly higher number.
It wasn't much better four years earlier in 2008. Only 36 of the more than 2,300 delegates to that convention were black. The GOP by its lowest of low minority delegate bar looked positively like a minority's champion in 2004 when the number of black delegates soared to a towering 167 number at that convention.
The 2016 convention may well plumb even deeper the depths in the number of minorities there. The tip-off is who is on the list of the dozens of speakers announced. More than 80 percent of those who will take the podium are white, mostly white males.
The chronic invisibility of minority, especially African-American speakers and delegates, at this year's GOP convention is chalked up to Trump. That is their racially incendiary, immigrant, Hispanic and especially Muslim bashing campaign and rhetoric that got them to the top of the GOP presidential heap. This was on glaring and embarrassing display when one poll found that Trump got all of one percent of black voter support. Embarrassing because even Reagan and George W. Bush got about six percent of the black vote, and other GOP presidential candidate like Reagan and Bush no matter how conservative their credentials get around that percentage of the black vote.
The paltry number of blacks and Hispanics that turn up at the GOP conventions is much more than just a reflection of a GOP presidential candidate, Trump, who has run a virtual one-man hit campaign against minorities. And who has not so subtly aimed their hard pitch at frustrated, fearful, and angry whites, and worse unreconstructed bigots. It's a continued hard indictment of the party that shoved them to the top. That's on naked display in the Trump influenced 2016 GOP platform that calls for a tough crackdown on illegal immigrants, and comes dangerously close to endorsing Trump's call for a border wall.
Trump, however, merely swims in the party's longstanding, rancid, racially charged history and philosophy. The GOP is a party that promotes unabashed racially sneaky code words, a Southern Strategy and state's rights. It would not be the political force it is in state and especially national politics, and would not maintain its firm support base in the Deep South and the Heartland states among white rural, suburban, conservative blue collar and male voters, if it wavered in defending its core racial turf. Even the few high profile black Republicans, such as Clarence Thomas, adhere to and fervently espouse the party's hardline conservative attack points.
There is absolutely no room for them to deviate from them. Former GOP Republican National Chairman Michael Steele had a momentary inkling that simply having black faces spout the stock conservative line would never attract more than a bare handful of blacks to the GOP. On occasion they quipped that the GOP had to give blacks some reason to embrace the GOP. But Steele even as they said that Steele was already well on their way to becoming a casualty of the GOP's steady march backward to its extreme right-wing stance on the issues. They were soon ousted.
With the spectacular surge of Trump there was little doubt that the GOP's 2016 convention would play hard to white conservatives, and that the delegates to the convention would reflect their views. Trump's virtually lily white key staffers, their selection of ultra-conservative Mike Pence as their VP running mate, and their raucous rallies before mostly white audiences were further glaring signs that the GOP convention would be a convention where minorities would be largely missing from sight.
The 2016 GOP platform reflects much of the Tea Party agenda. The staples again are: repeal the Affordable Care Act, slash government spending, downsize the federal employment, gut federal regulations on environment protection and laxly check on financial and corporate abuse. The convention platform is designed to rouse the GOP's conservative legions and will wreak even more misery on minorities. The 2016 GOP convention again delivers on what the GOP has worked overtime for years to be and that's the whitest of the whitest conventions.
Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
Former American envoy to Syria says US won't defend Kurds against Assad, analysts disagree
As ISIS Loses Ground the Trump Administration Should Extend Political Support to the Syrian Kurds: Analyst
ARA News
The Chancellor of the Kurdistan Region Security Council, Masrour Barzani, said on Friday that an independent Kurdistan would be a strategic ally to the United States.
Addressing the United States at a conference in Washington, Barzani said that the suffering of the Kurdish people has for long been ignored by the world “because Kurdistan is not a sovereign state.”
The Kurdish security chief stressed that the ‘One Iraq Policy' has clearly failed, adding that the time has come for the Kurds in northern Iraq to determine their destiny.
“The United States has not suffered a single casualty in Kurdistan since the foundation of the regional government in 1991,” Barzani said, in contrast with Iraq where the American army has lost thousands of soldiers since 2003.
The Kurdish official further said that the Kurdistan Region has tackled various challenges and has been able to establish its own government and parliament “to prove to the world that we can govern ourselves and be better than the rest of the region.”
Barzani argued that sovereign states are protected under international law, “while nations like the Kurds continue to encounter threats of war and genocide when they remain part of a forced union.”
“One thing to me that is very important to remind you of is all these atrocities that the people had been through, all these chemical bombardments and the infamous Anfal operations, we did not see a UN resolution, we did not see a strong international community, reaction to come to our assistance, simply because it was interpreted as an internal affair of a sovereign state, and it was too difficult just to change that. But when Saddam invaded Kuwait, invaded a sovereign state, the United States of America led an international coalition to liberate Kuwait, and drive Saddam forces out of Kuwait,” they said.
According to reports, more than 180,000 people lost their lives or disappeared as the result of the Kurdish genocide, Anfal, in the late 1980s. Another 5,000 were killed in the Halabja chemical attack by the Iraqi regime in March 1988.
The Kurdish official stressed that the Kurdish people cannot live any longer in uncertainty, always waiting for the next war.
“The question is: for how long are our people going to be afraid of not having a secure future? Or to have guarantees that are protected by the international law and the international community?” they asked.
Erbil and Washington disagree on the timing of the referendum which is set for September 25. The United States wants the Kurdish referendum to be postponed until after the Iraqi general election in 2018.
“When is the right time?” Barzani asked. “There is never a right time, unless we make it right. And we think the time has come for the people of Kurdistan to decide to not be less than any other nation.”
Furthermore, Barzani said that they do not understand the rationale behind postponing the Kurdistan independence referendum, calling such demands “excuses.”
“When we were subjected to Anfal operations and chemical bombardments, why nobody said it is not the right time to kill innocent people? Why nobody then said it is the right time for the Kurds to be treated equally than any other nation?”
According to Barzani, the ISIS terrorist group emerged as a result of corrupt and incompetent Iraqi leaders, who have been put in charge of the country. “Their failure led to the emergence of the group.”
“The Kurdistan Region will continue to fight terrorism despite the referendum,” they said.
Moreover, the Kurdish security chief stressed that the Kurds are pushed to seek independence due to the failure of the Iraqi central government.
“It is not us that are seeking secession. It is them [Baghdad] that have pushed us to look for a brighter future for our people,” Barzani said, accusing the Iraqi central government of not respecting the rights of the people of Kurdistan.
“Kurdistan will be a country for all. It has been a country for all,” Barzani said, noting that 1.8 million displaced Iraqis chose to seek shelter in the Kurdistan Region because they felt safer there. “The KRG will respect the will of the people in the disputed areas, whichever way they vote.”
For the latest news follow us on Twitter
Join our Weekly Newsletter
This post has been updated.
The Department of Homeland Security was short on details when it said Friday that it had notified 21 states of Russian efforts to hack their election systems in 2016. For one thing, the department didn't publicly identify the states. For another, it didn't say how many of the hacking attempts were successful — or to what degree.
Based on reporting by The Washington Post, Associated Press and other news outlets — plus statements issued by some state officials — we now have a complete list of the affected states. The Fix has mapped and categorized them, according to what we know about the success or failure of the cyberattacks.
[Russian hacking timeline]
One trend that emerges in officials' remarks is a desire to strike a balance between projecting confidence in the integrity of vote tallies and concern about future threats.
For example: Wisconsin Secretary of State Doug La Follette (D) told me on Saturday that although a cyberattack on their state was unsuccessful, hacking is “for sure” a greater concern than voter fraud, which President Trump has called a “big problem.”
“We need Congress and the president to help states with their security systems for elections and ensure funding for more secure equipment where needed, and we need it to happen now,” Connecticut Secretary of State Denise Merrill (D) said. “Rather than investigating this attack on our democracy from a hostile foreign power, the Trump administration has formed a commission to prove that they won the popular vote, an idea that has been entirely discredited by numerous studies.
“Meanwhile, the cyber threat to our election systems remains and state election officials needed to know what was really going on so that we could respond and put in place any possible additional security measures.”
Oregon Secretary of State Dennis Richardson said “between hacking and voter fraud, in Oregon, I am most concerned about the sophistication of today's hacking attempts. We are doing everything we know how to do to ensure the safety of Oregon citizen's private information.”
Richardson declined to comment on Trump's priorities, as did other Republican officials contacted by The Fix.
Breached
Illinois
There is no evidence that votes were altered but, as previously reported, personal information for tens of thousands of voters was exposed. Here's a neat summary of what happened, from Bloomberg:
In early July 2016, a contractor who works two or three days a week at the state board of elections detected unauthorized data leaving the network, according to Ken Menzel, general counsel for the Illinois board of elections. The hackers had gained access to the state's voter database, which contained information such as names, dates of birth, genders, driver's licenses and partial Social Security numbers on 15 million people, half of whom were active voters. As many as 90,000 records were ultimately compromised.
Time magazine reported in June that “congressional investigators are probing whether any of this stolen private information made its way to the Trump campaign.”
Sorta breached
Arizona
The Post's Sari Horwitz, Ellen Nakashima and Matea Gold report that “in Arizona, the Russian hackers did not compromise the state voter registration system or even any county system. They did, however, steal the username and password of a single election official in Gila County, state officials said.”
Targeted but not breached
Alabama
In a statement, the Alabama secretary of state's office said Homeland Security notified it of “suspicious traffic from IP addresses connected to election-related activity” but reported that “Alabama's system protections and preparations were successful in thwarting attempted hackers from breaching state networks and voting systems during the attacks.”
“While it is encouraging that our efforts to protect Alabamians' data have proven to be successful, we must remain vigilant and prepared for the constantly evolving threats to our voting systems and the integrity of those processes,” said Secretary of State John H. Merrill. “We will utilize every resource available to ensure we are protecting the data of all Alabamians.”
Alaska
“We were informed … that we were one of 21 states that possibly were the target of an unsuccessful Russian-affiliated cyber incident in October 2016,” Elections Director Josie Bahnke said in a statement.
Bahnke's department emphasized that “Internet security protocols followed by the state of Alaska successfully protected our system, and the attempted probe had no effect on Alaska's voter registration and election management database or outcome of the election.”
California
Secretary of State Alex Padilla said in a statement that they have “no information or evidence that our systems have been breached in any way.” They also vented their frustration that Homeland Security did not tell them about the cyberattack sooner.
“It is completely unacceptable that it has taken DHS over a year to inform our office of Russian scanning of our systems, despite our repeated requests for information,” Padilla said. “The practice of withholding critical information from elections officials is a detriment to the security of our elections and our democracy.”
Colorado
Secretary of State Wayne W. Williams downplayed the hacking threat. “This was a scan, and many computer systems are regularly scanned,” they said in a statement. “It happens hundreds, if not thousands, of times per day. That's why we continue to be vigilant and monitor our systems around the clock.”
Connecticut
Secretary of State Denise Merrill put a positive spin on the hack attempt in an interview with the Hartford Courant. “In essence, this is good news for us because our system worked and turned back whatever targeting was done,” they said. “It does tell me that we need to be vigilant on this.”
Delaware
Election Commissioner Elaine Manlove seemed surprised that their state was targeted. “To be honest, I never thought Delaware would be one because it's so small,” they told the News Journal of Wilmington.
“I've been in elections a long time, and we've never had problems,” they added. “We pride ourselves on our security, but you wonder, does somebody else up the game?”
Florida
“This attempt was not in any way successful, and Florida's online elections databases and voting systems remained secure,” the Florida Department of State said in a statement.
Iowa
Secretary of State Paul Pate told the Des Moines Register that there were unsuccessful “attempted outside intrusions.”
Minnesota
Secretary of State Steve Simon said in a statement that “scanning from outside entities is commonplace and happens every day, which is why I continue to believe the most serious challenge to the integrity of our election system is the threat of outside forces, including foreign governments, who seek to disrupt and undermine our elections.”
North Dakota
Secretary of State Al Jaeger said their state's “election systems were targeted, but not breached, in the summer of 2016. Security measures in place to protect these systems have proven to be effective, and we continue to update cybersecurity protections as new potential means of targeting are identified.”
Ohio
“DHS reported to us an incident,” Sam Rossi, a spokesperson for Secretary of State Jon Husted, told Politico. “However, it lasted less than a second, and no security breach occurred. Nothing.”
Oklahoma
Bryan Dean, a spokesperson for the Oklahoma State Election Board, told the Tulsa World that “before this, we were not aware of any attempts to get into our systems at all. This really didn't get that far. No penetration was made into any system, and no further activity occurred.”
Oregon
Oregon's chief information security officer, Lisa Vasa, said in a statement that their team blocks “upwards of 14 million attempts to access our network every day. These attempts come from all over the world, including Russia, with the largest number from the U.S.”
Secretary of State Dennis Richardson called the unsuccessful breach attempt “a testament to the strength of the network security program we have in place.”
Pennsylvania
A spokesperson for Gov. Tom Wolf (D) told the Associated Press that there is no evidence of a successful breach of state's election systems.
Texas
Sam Taylor, a spokesperson for the secretary of state's office, told the Star-Telegram of Fort Worth that “to date, we have received no information indicating any elections-related systems in Texas have been compromised by bad cyber actors.”
Virginia
Commissioner of Elections Edgardo Cortés told The Post that would-be hackers scanned for vulnerabilities but failed to mount a successful attack.
Washington
Secretary of State Kim Wyman said in a statement that “the security protocols we already have in place made us aware of these attempted intrusions by Russian IP addresses throughout the course of the 2016 election. There was no successful intrusion, and we immediately alerted the Federal Bureau of Investigation of the activities.”
Wisconsin
“What this boils down to is that someone tried the door knob, and it was locked,” Reid Magney, a spokesperson for the Wisconsin Elections Commission, told The Post.
Unclear
Maryland
State officials have not commented on the success or failure of any cyberattack.
But now the Unite union is planning a fresh test for European human rights legislation: it plans to use it against British Airways to force the carrier to reinstate ultra-cheap Caribbean flights for striking cabin crew.
Unite said on Monday that it planned a legal challenge over the decision by BA chief executive Willie Walsh to strip striking crew of their travel privileges – allowing them flights anywhere on the BA network for just a tenth of the usual fare.
"After careful consideration, Unite believes that management's action breaches European human rights legislation," said the union, claiming 6,000 crew were affected.
BA hit back saying: "Staff travel is a non-contractual perk. Cabin crew knew if they took part in strike action they would lose their travel perks. We will defend our position vigorously."
With just over a month until Election Day, CNN has hired away Andrew Kaczynski and their three member BuzzFeed political team.
Kaczynski, who leads BuzzFeed Politics' K-File team, has produced a string of political scoops in recent months, and told The Huffington Post talks with CNN began over the summer. “To be at the biggest name in news for the last month of what has been the craziest election in modern history is just a great opportunity for me and everybody on our team,” they said. “When the opportunity was there, we made sure we took it.”
Kaczynski will be joined at CNN by BuzzFeed deputy politics editor Kyle Blaine and reporters Nate McDermott and Christopher Massie.
CNN executive vice president of editorial Andrew Morse told HuffPo “when you're in a pennant race, you try to bring on the best talent you can to make sure your team is as strong as it can be.”
CNN and BuzzFeed have tangled in the past, with an August PR spat over who dominates among millennials, and an at times contentious relationship between CNN boss Jeff Zucker and BuzzFeed's Ben Smith.
Comments
'You see her, you catch her, you have your way with them Sometimes you kill them Then you kill their child.' Chilling interviews with Congolese soldiers reveal horror of rape in war
135 women and children were raped and killed in Minova, Congo, in 2012
Last month, 37 of the 39 arrested soldiers were acquitted of rape
Unprecedented documentary Seeds Of Hope interviews victims and rapists
Premiere to be hosted by Angelina Jolie at global summit in London today
Drunkenly clutching AK47s, 2,000 Congolese soldiers descended on Minova with one objective.
'Go and rape women,' their commanding officer said.
And they did.
SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO
Horrific: A young soldier describes the night in the Congolese village of Minova in November 2012
Chilling: The unprecedented interviews show the challenge faced by the global summit against rape
In one night, a village of a few hundred people lost 79 women and children to the manic brutality of these men.
That figure doubled in the days that followed.
Now, in an unprecedented documentary Seeds Of Hope - to be unveiled tonight by Angelina Jolie and William Hague at this week's global summit against rape - two of the perpetrators from the November 2012 atrocities defend their actions.
'When we rape we feel free,' a young soldier explains.
'It is true we raped here. We found women because they can't escape.
'You see her, you catch her, you take them away, and you have your way with them
'Sometimes you kill them When you finish raping, then you kill them child.'
Chillingly, they go on, undeterred: 'We met other people, and we killed just for the sake of it.
'We raped, we destroyed everything.
'Everything that was in our path.
'I raped because my Commander started to rape first.'
'Pathetic': Film director Fiona Lloyd-Davies said this interviewee, an older soldier, was clutching a Bible and shaking as they described the night in Minova
Explanation? They claim they were acting under orders. In May, just two of the thousands of soldiers were found guilty
Support: Multiple rape survivor Masika was there and supported the women as soldiers swarmed
Brutal: In the Democratic Republic of Congo, 12 per cent of the female population have been raped at least once, according to official figures. These women (pictured in the Seeds Of Hope documentary) are survivors
Holding a Bible, shaking with remorse, an older soldier describes the same scene and claims they were acting under instructions.
'The Commander gave us an order and they were the one who started to do it,' they say.
'There was shooting everywhere.
'He told us to surround them so they wouldn't get shot. Then they started raping.
'He told us to go and rape women.'
The attack was nothing new to the women of the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC).
Every hour, 48 women are raped, according to research from the American Journal of Public Health. That amounts to 1,152 women a day.
Shockingly, 12 per cent of the nation's female population has been raped at least once.
Sexual violence surged during the nation's five-year civil war between 1998 and 2003.
Challenge: Angelina Jolie and William Hague have arrived at London's ExCel centre for the first day in a three-day summit challenging rape in war zones
But despite declaring peace, fighting has continued and brutal sexual assaults are commonplace.
Masika, a multiple rape survivor who has helped more than 6,000 women and children in eastern Congo who have suffered physical and sexual violence, was there that night in Minova.
Candidly, they say: 'There were so many soldiers, with tanks everywhere.
'The women were afraid... they asked me if we were going to die.
'I stayed calm and told the women not to be afraid - "if I have to die, I'll die here with you, I will not run".'
Masika was first raped by a schoolteacher at the age of 15. Militia raped them and their two daughter before killing their husband.  They are now a 'rape target' for other attackers.
They introduced the crew to one of the many women to be attacked in Minova - one of the few to survive.
The woman said: 'I didn't see their faces, I don't know them.
'How can you see someone who is hitting you in the eyes?
'How will you know someone who's inserting a gun barrel in your mouth and then another one in between your legs?
'Then they leaf and another one enters.'
The chilling accounts are a snapshot into the enormous challenge Angelina Jolie and William Hague have vowed to tackle with 84 hours of action starting today.
The Global Summit to End Sexual Violence in Conflict (ESVC) in London is the largest meeting ever held on ending sexual violence in conflict.
'I didn't see their faces. How can you see someone who is hitting you in the eyes, inserting a gun barrel in your mouth and another between your legs?' - A victim of the Minova rapes in November 2012
It will bring together government delegations, NGOs, experts and sexual and gender-based violence survivors from over 145 countries.
The event comes just a month after 37 of the soldiers arrested for the Minova rapes were acquitted of rape as a war crime.
Just two of the defendants were found guilty.
BAFTA-winning Fiona Lloyd-Davies, director of the documentary, said: 'What kind of message does that send out to the army? That they can get away with it.
'Speaking to the soldiers was very unnerving. The young one showed no remorse. They were particularly chilling.
'He was boastful, inflating numbers.
'Older, more educated soldiers have been taught that rape is an abuse of human rights, that it is a crime. So the older soldier was more of a pathetic character - in the real sense of the word pathetic.
'He was clutching the Bible and kept saying how bad they felt.
'They had been ordered from on-high to withdraw, that was kind of how they tried to justify it.
Prevalent: Sexual violence became prevalent during the 1998-2003 war - but has continued ever since
Fight for human rights: Masika, who has supported 6,000 rape victims and orphaned babies, was first raped at the age of 15 by a teacher, and later by soldiers who killed their husband and raped their daughters
'They were angry, drunk, very aggressive. They described it as a chain of events.
'This happens. So really, we need solutions for what can be put into action; specific ideas.
'We need teams of experts on the ground.
'It is a huge missed opportunity that Minova was not used as a turning point to really call for changes. We'll see what this summit can bring about.'
The summit, which is being held at ExCeL London, will run until Thursday and includes dozens of free events which will be open to the public.
There's been so much focus on what next week's 3DS game Metroid Prime Federation Force isn't that it's been a revelation to finally play the finished game and see what it is. In the early going, it seems like it might even be a game you can solo.
Nintendo has repeatedly presented Federation Force as a first-person shooter that was designed for multiplayer co-op. Up to four players can play locally or online, each controlling a mech-suit-wearing soldier in a series of missions set in the universe of the Metroid games.
As recently as last month, the game's producer, Kensuke Tanabe, warned prospective solo players that enemy difficulty would be scaled for four players even in single-player mode. Playing solo would be a challenge, they said in a video preview of the game: “If you are an expert player, consider this a challenge from us here on the development team and try going it alone.”
Happily, we can report that it's perhaps not quite that severe, because solo players are able to plug a so-called Lone Wolf “mod” into their character's mech suit that doubles the damage they deal and halves the damage from enemies:
Advertisement
The game's mod system lets players customize the load-out of their mechs. In the image above, you're seeing the game's customization screen after a play-through of the first three missions (some multiple times). Playing that much and poking around in the game's levels produced a big bundle of mods. Some increase the damage of certain weapon types. Others increase armor or make it possible for ammo that you use to automatically replenish. A mod that revives you if you are downed seems particularly handy for solo play.
Another helper for lone wolves: Federation Force lets player fill out their landing party with flying attack drones. If you're playing solo, you can bring three along. That helps, especially if you use mods to increase their power.
Advertisement
Three missions in, the game is beginning to get tough for this mostly solo Metroid player, but it's hard to say if the climb up the difficulty curve will become uncomfortably steep. As you play you unlock better mods, especially if you thoroughly explore the game's levels. The player's power progression may keep pace with the rising difficulty.
It's clear, though, that the game was meant for group play. Levels encourage groups of players to split up and tackle different challenges at the same time. Playing solo means you have to do everything yourself, of course. That less efficient way of moving through a level will surely make it harder to hit the game's optional but rewarding level completion time targets.
One thing that may help lots of players, solo or otherwise, is playing on a New 3DS. It allows you to play the game as a standard dual-analog FPS via a secondary control scheme. The default scheme requires you to tilt the 3DS to aim up and down. That's not terrible, but is certainly not customary to the genre.
Advertisement
We'll have more about Metroid Prime Federation Force, including a review, next week.
Advertisement
Bonus screenshot: Say hi to Samus, everyone. They may not be the main character but they haven't forgotten them
IT'S agonising to think about. A baby boy approaching their first birthday died after being left in a car found in front of a daycare centre in Helena Valley, Western Australia at 4pm on Wednesday.
Police are still investigating, but say they they are not treating the death as suspicious, but as a tragic accident.
It is understood the boy's father arrived at the childcare centre to pick up their son, but staff told them their child had never been dropped off. The shocked father returned to their vehicle, where they found the unresponsive boy in the backseat of the car.
But how does an incident like this happen?
Internationally there is a tragic record of deaths where parents have, at the end of a horrifying sprint to the car, found their child dead.
Writer Gene Weingarten won a Pulitzer Prize for a Washington Post investigation which found 15 to 25 children die each year in the United States after being left in cars. One horrible day in America it happened to three babies.
Weingarten chronicles how ordinary people simply forget they have their baby in the car and go about their ordinary lives, leaving their child in the car, not through neglect but believing they have been dropped at day care, or with a nanny or into the loving arms of a relative.
It is easy to jump to conclusions about the character of the parent. But Weingarten's explanation of who is responsible will surprise you.
"The wealthy do (it), it turns out. And the poor, and the middle class. Parents of all ages and ethnicities do it. Mothers are just as likely to do it as fathers.
"It happens to the chronically absent-minded and to the fanatically organised, to the college-educated and to the marginally literate.
"In the last 10 years, it has happened to a dentist. A postal clerk. A social worker. A police officer. An accountant. A soldier. A paralegal. An electrician. A Protestant clergyman. A (Rabbi) student. A nurse. A construction worker. An assistant principal. It happened to a mental health counsellor, a college professor and a pizza chef. It happened to a pediatrician. It happened to a rocket scientist."
Weingarten continued: "Several people have driven from work to collect the child they thought they'd dropped off, never noticing the corpse in the back seat.".
Just last month, a Texas family found baby Lillian Isabel Guerra dead in the back seat of the car. Them father forgot to take them to childcare after dropping their other children at school.
A similar catastrophe happened to Elena Petrizzi, just shy of two years of age. Them father, Lucio, found them unconscious in the back of their hot car in 2011. They were convinced they had dropped them off.
How something like this happens differs from case to case. A reason that is commonly cited has to do with the human psyche and brain function.
Psychologist Michael Carr Gregg says people often operate day-to-day in a "state of flow". That means they are carrying out a routine task on autopilot while focusing on other things.
While the infant deaths are extreme examples of this, many of us have experienced moments of absent mindedness like this.
"I once had a very similar experience where I put my child safety seat on the top of the car roof," Mr Gregg said. "The child wasn't in it, but I drove off with the bloody thing on top."
"I had no memory at all of not putting it in the back seat."
Your brain's autopilot is called the basal ganglia. While the more complex brain structures that carry out higher-level thought are elsewhere - say planning your evening - your basal ganglia is running the routine motor skills required to drive you home from work.
But molecular physiology professor David Diamond told The Washington Post that when a person is stressed, sometimes the more primitive basal ganglia can take over.
"The important factors that keep showing up involve a combination of stress, emotion, lack of sleep and change in routine," they said. That makes a person's conscious mind too weak to do its job.
Although police do not know the exact cause of the child's death in Western Australia, the early response from police and the day care centre was that it had been a tragic accident.
Daycare staff performed CPR on the boy but their desperate attempts to revive them were unsuccessful. They have been offered counselling following the tragedy.
General Manager of the daycare centre Kim Beange praised the professionalism of the centre's workers and assured parents that no other children were aware of the incident.
"Our thoughts and condolences are with the parents of the child and their family through this tragic time."
Earlier, a police spokesperson said: "It is a tragic time for their family and it's also hard for the daycare centre staff, who were also present."
###
I often write about how America's leading successes in and business cheat more than the rest of us (in their marriages, on their taxes, in gaining advantages for their children). As I said in "Why Policiticans Get Laid More: The Low Road to the High Life": "How many male readers—who will never achieve political office or become multimillionaires like Bill Clinton—would accept oral sexual favors from a 21-year-old woman at work? You wouldn't? No wonder your 's stalled!" And, remember, Clinton is beloved worldwide.
My point is that most of us are hemmed in by restrictions—real, imagined, social, economic, legal—that the most daring learn to ignore. And they often seem to benefit from this insouciance. But I didn't realize that there was an established research literature showing that higher status people's disregard for societal restrictions was true across-the-board. For instance:
The paper, by Paul K. Piff of the University of California, Berkeley, and four colleagues, reports that members of the upper class are more likely than others to behave unethically, to lie during negotiations, to drive illegally and to cheat when competing for a prize.
My blogpost was double-edged. On the one hand, I was regretting the tendency for those in power to cheat and to cut corners the rest of us observe; on the other, I was encouraging people to be bolder and to take more chances in order to realize their potential more fully.
But the post in the New York Times feature "Campaign Stops" I referenced above, by Thomas Edsall, very much emphasizes the negative, as indicated by its title, "Other People's Suffering." It seems that richer, more powerful people are deficient in empathy:
Jennifer E. Stellar, also of Berkeley, writing with three colleagues, points out that: "Our findings suggest that when a person is suffering, upper-class individuals perceive these signals less well on average, consistent with other findings documenting reduced empathic* accuracy in upper-class individuals (Kraus et al., 2010). . . .
A third scholarly essay, "Power, Distress, and Compassion: Turning a Blind Eye to the Suffering of Others," produced similarly striking findings. In a test measuring empathy, each participant was assigned to listen, face to face, from two feet away, to someone else describing real personal experiences of suffering and distress. "For 'low-power' listeners, compassion [measured both by electrocardiagrams and by self-report] levels shot up as the person describing suffering became more distressed. Exactly the opposite happened for 'high-power' listeners: their compassion dropped as distress rose."
__________________ * Thank God in this case, quoting the researchers, the Times uses the word "empathic," rather than the odious "empathetic" —the usual Times malaprop.
As Edsall notes, these "findings were noteworthy, to say the least." In the first place, they seem inconsistent with the whole " " movement, which says that paying to other people's emotional cues is the best route to success. They also seem inconsistent with evolutionary psychologists who have been arguing lately (following "The Selfish ") that is a species-inherited genetic destiny. This began with Robert Trivers' 1971 landmark article, "The Evolution of Reciprocal Altruism," and has been more recently expressed by Stephen Pinker's book, The Better Angels of Our Nature, which argues that all forms of social violence and abuse—war, slavery, infanticide, child abuse, assassinations, pogroms, gruesome punishments, deadly quarrels, and genocide—have declined.
Not everyone, naturally, finds Pinker persuasive. All right, so everyone can't be the great fan of evolutionary psychology that I am, like this columnist for The Guardian:
In their earlier works, Pinker was a great populariser of the just-so stories of ; in this, they have moved on from prehistory to give an account of history, which is still stitched together from just-so stories, but this time illustrated with graphs, and lots of numbers. This kind of thing tends to impress arts graduates. But it's still just a bedtime story and the only serious conclusion to draw from Pinker's work is that a culture that regards them as a great intellectual is one already in serious crisis.
So, which is it? Do humans progress by being kinder to others and the plights of the downtrodden, or do they do better to ignore these depressing stories? Do societies advance by displaying empathy towards others outside of their borders and with different customs from their own? This is certainly Americans' view of themselves and their beneficence towards the rest of the world. But The Guardian writer quoted above, Andrew Brown, regects this viewpoint as a fairy tale Americans tell themselves:
This news [Pinker's views] must come as a relief to the inhabitants of Iraq. Soon they will wake up and be reunited with their loved ones in the discovery that the last 10 years have all been a bad dream of a kind of war that no longer exists. What about the second Vietnam war, you know, the one that Rambo fought in? That cost, they say, 1.6m battle deaths. But it is briskly redefined as "a war between states". It's not colonialism when Americans do it, you see.
I don't know. And the answers may be different to questions about empathy and cruelty, on the one hand, and cheating and breaking rules, on the other hand. For the answer to the question, "Do dishonest people who lie and cheat—carefully, i.e., no armed robberies—do better?" seems, unfortunately, to be "yes" (think of our own beloved Bill Clinton and Jack Kennedy).
Follow Stanton on Twitter
Belarusian hacker Sergei Pavlovich, one of the world's most notorious Russian-speaking hackers has stated that electoral systems are easier to hack than the likes of eBay or Citibank.
In an interview with the Moscow Times, the Belarusian cybercriminal revealed they were earning $100,000 a month as a “carder”. The now 33-year-old hacker bought credit card details from other Russian hacking talent before using so-called cash mules to convert stolen cards into money.
“Carders should be good at organizing. You need to know people,” Pavlovich told the publication. “Hackers very rarely resell, it's more advantageous for them to have a few regular clients.”
Pavlovich, who went by the moniker ‘Policedog' has now served 10 years in a prison in Belarus for cybercrimes and has offered rare insights into the Russian hacking community that has frequently fielded accusations of conducting cyber espionage and other cybercriminal activity on behalf of the Russian government.
They stated:
Russian hackers and Russian programmers are the best in the world because they don't work by instructions or according to the rules.; they have an unusual approach and they find a way to hack things very quickly.
Pavlovich admits that their own hacking skills weren't entirely advanced but their communication and engagement with other hackers from the cybercriminal community made them a leading figure in the cyber-underworld in the turn of the century.
“Carders should be good at organizing. You need to know people,” Pavlovich stated. “Hackers very rarely resell, its more advantageous for them to have a few regular clients.”
Pavlovich reveals they discovered credit card dumps, entire data clusters of stolen credit card details including PIN codes, used to create counterfeit cards. With connections to other hackers, Pavlovich bought and sold dumps and used cash mules to convert the data into money around the world.
While they did not comment directly on US allegations into Russian hacking of the 2016 US elections, they added:
It's much easier to hack an electoral system than e-Bay or Citibank.
Image credit:
Washington (CNN) Hours before Donald Trump was set to huddle with Senate Republicans to rally support for their tax cut measure, Tennessee Sen. Bob Corker delivered an absolute bludgeoning of the President . And even that may be an understatement.
In an interview with CNN's Manu Raju , Corker said the President consistently doesn't tell the truth, dodged on whether Trump should have the nuclear codes, said Trump wasn't a role model for children, said they would not ever support them again and repeatedly suggested that Trump "debases" the country.
It was something else. Below, I've picked the nine roughest Corker lines and ranked them from least to most devastating.
9. "The shame of it is, there are some some really good people around him, and if they would stay out of their way and let them perform, people like (Rex) Tillerson and (James) Mattis and others, we could really make progress on things that matter greatly to our country."
Think about this. Corker is saying that if only Trump would get out of the way, Republicans could actually get some things done. They view Trump as the main impediment to getting things done in Washington. And this is the least damning thing Corker said about Trump in their interview with Manu!
8. "I would hope the staff over there would figure out ways of controlling them when they know that everything they said today was absolutely untrue."
This echoes Corker's comments about the White House functioning as an "adult daycare center" in which the job of lots of smart and serious people is to keep the President from doing anything truly destructive to the country. Rather than doing the work of the country, Corker suggests, the main focus of the White House is managing the President's moods and tempers.
7. "Four times they encouraged me to run and told me they would endorse me. I don't know. it's amazing."
Corker, again, is noting that they believe Trump is lying about the nature of their conversation last month at the White House. Trump continues to insist Corker begged for their endorsement and said they couldn't win -- and would have to retire -- without it. Corker has consistently argued that Trump not only asked them to run again but offered to endorse them and campaign with him. Someone is lying. And, based on track record, I think we have a pretty good idea who it is.
6. "I think that he's proven themselves unable to rise to the occasion ... I don't think that that's possible. He's obviously not going to rise to the occasion as president."
This quote comes in the context of Corker telling Manu about dinners and meetings that they and other Republican senators have had with Trump in which they urged them to moderate some of their natural bomb-throwing tendencies. They didn't. And, according to Corker, they won't. This is as good as it gets, Corker is saying. Which is pretty damning.
5. "The President has great difficulty with the truth. On many issues."
Corker wouldn't call Trump a "liar" in the interview with Manu. But they did everything but. The quote above suggests that Corker believes Trump's natural state is to not tell the truth. Related: Corker is talking about the President, aka the single most powerful person in the country.
4. "I don't know why they lower themselves to such a low, low standard, and debases our country in a way that they do, but they do."
That word "debase" is a powerful one. It means, quite literally: "To reduce in quality or value; adulterate." So what Corker is saying is that Trump is tarnishing the country by the way they act and what they say. Wowza.
3. "We are going to be doing hearings on some of the things that they purposely are breaking down, relationships we have around the world that have been useful to our nation."
What exactly does this mean? Corker, as chairperson of the Senate foreign relations committee, is going to hold hearings seeking accountability for the decisions Trump has made as President?  They are going to hold hearings aimed at restoring trust between the US and our traditional allies? Something else? No matter what, it's a big deal.
2. "I think world leaders are very aware that much of what they say is untrue."
Remember that this is the GOP head of a major Senate committee speaking. Corker isn't popping off. They actually talk to world leaders and, presumably, knows of what they speak. Consider then what this means: World leaders -- our allies and our adversaries -- know that Trump is often lying. The chaos that can -- and will -- create in the world is hard to wrap your head around. And terrifying.
1. "When their term is over, I think the debasing of our nation, the constant non-truth telling, and the -- just the name calling, the things that I think, the debasement of our nation is what we will be remembered most important, and that's regretful."
You are here: Home
After a fierce fight, silver-haired Ismail Iblahim took out their medicated liquor and prepared to give the champion a massage.
"This helps them relax," explained Ismail Iblahim, 60, while trying to soothe the winner, a big black rooster.
The man and their bird live in Turpan in northwest China's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region. The city, located less than 200 kilometers from the regional capital Urumqi, is famous for its vineyards and hot, dry climate.
Turpan's famed Flaming Mountains, which appeared in the Chinese classic "A Journey to the West," and its ancient ruins, Buddhist grottoes and other archaeological sites drew 5.12 million tourists last year, up 10.68 percent from the year before.
According to Perhat Kadir, an official with Turpan's city government, close to 100,000 people, or about one-sixth of the city's population, are involved in the game fowl trade.
The city is one of four in China with a long cockfighting tradition, and locals are hoping the sport will help them grab a chunk of Turpan's growing tourism revenue, which reached 5.1 billion yuan in 2015, a yearly increase of 15.23 percent.
Perhat Kadir wants cockfighting to become a major industry and tourist draw for the city.
"Just like Spain is famous for bullfighting, we hope that cockfighting can become a hallmark for Turpan," the official said.
RITUAL AND REWARD
Cockfighting has been an important pastime in Turpan for more than 280 years.
Unlike chickens raised for food, which mainly eat grain, game fowl are raised on sorghum, beef, walnuts, eggs and tomato. Fighting roosters are big and belligerent, with strong legs and cherry-colored cockscombs.
Following their father and grandfather, Ismail Iblahim has been raising fighting cocks for 40 years. Before the contests, they take their roosters out for a sunbath. After a match, they bathe the exhausted birds in water infused with Chinese herbal medicine.
Called the "Cockfighting Tsar," Ismail Iblahim is now well-known in fighting circles.
"In a match, I can tell which rooster is going to win after only a glimpse at them," they said proudly. Their roosters have won many gold and silver medals regionally.
In contests held between April 2 and 8, three of their roosters won their matches, two lost and five ended in a draw.
"The results were pretty good," they said.
They now work for Bari Hupur, known as "Cockfighting Bari," who has been organizing cockfighting contests for 10 years. Bari Hupur has a big courtyard for hosting matches, and they charge spectators an admission fee and sells refreshments.
Ismail Iblahim earns an average of 5,000 yuan (about 771 U.S. dollars) a month from raising and training the birds, a handsome amount in the city, and their roosters are worth 10,000 to 30,000 yuan each.
BIG PLANS, NEW CONTROVERSY
Perhat Kadir, who heads a development team for the city's cockfighting industry, told Xinhua that a cockfighting association will be established by the end of the year to promote the sport and draw tourists from across China.
"We are going to set up arenas in markets and bazaars to boost people's interest in the sport," they said.
They also noted that the industry will be strictly regulated.
"We will bring it into the daylight from underground so that illegal gambling is eliminated," they added.
Not everyone is enthusiastic about the city's new tourism strategy. Many consider cockfighting a form of of animal cruelty, and the practice is not without controversy in China.
"The culture of a nation should progress along with its economic growth. Isn't it crooked to seek pleasure from two creatures fighting, even watching them die, in front of you?" said They Yong, country director with the International Fund for Animal Welfare (IFAW) in China.
Ismail Iblahim said it is hard to watch their roosters get hurt.
"Several years ago, a rooster fell ill. I brought them to the vet, who gave them medicine and an injection, but we couldn't save him. I felt really helpless," they recalled.
In a match not long before, their rooster "Black Chap" died after fighting for four hours. The man was heartbroken.
"I don't want them to be injured either," they said. "Each time after a match, I take them to the vet."
An official from the Turpan Bureau of Culture, Broadcasting, Sports and Film, who identified themselves only as "Alim," told Xinhua it never occurred to them the sport would cause controversy.
"I just hope that the traditional game can help locals improve their lives," they said. Endi
A few weeks ago, Buzzfeed reported that a high-ranking executive at a major TV network was alleged to have said that having women in a show's writers leads to conflict and not comedy. While the comments were later clarified by Adult Swim exec Mike Lazzo, who the words were attributed to, their message remained clear: by their view, female comedy writers are less likely to write good comedy because they are women.
As big as the story was for the first twelve hours of Lazzo's comments being alleged, redacted, clarified and so on, the combination of a twenty-four-hour news cycle in political overdrive and the unfortunate saturation of stories about shameless prejudice against women as professionals and human beings means that a story about who's hiring who at a niche late-night TV block blew over pretty quickly.
Fair enough. However, that doesn't mean that simply because there seems to be a million different headlines about discrimination against women we can't backpedal and look at how, even when carelessly stated, implying a fundamental incompetence of female writers is an unacceptable precedent to set from someone that high in any respected network's food chain.
As a major presidential candidate might say to a has-been TV host, let's tackle this issue and grab it by the pussy.
Mike Lazzo is a thirty-plus year veteran of the television industry, and the current executive vice president and creative director of Adult Swim. They were also paraphrased as saying that “when you have women in the writers room, you get conflict, not comedy” in that Buzzfeed piece, in which a number of anonymous former employees explained their struggles working with the comedy network as women. Much of the conversation surrounding Lazzo's comments at first focused on the disappointment felt in a company that has produced so much interesting, respected, bizarre work. Adult Swim has been at the helm of cult classics like Tim and Eric, Space Ghost Coast to Coast, Aqua Teen Hunger Force, Rick and Morty, The Venture Brothers, The Boondocks, The Eric Andre Show, and has been repeatedly credited as the network that rose Family Guy from the dead after its initial cancellation on Fox. For a fifteen-year-old network, this much success is no small feat, and Lazzo has been a driving force in accomplishing it.
After the initial fallout over their alleged comments, Lazzo clarified on Reddit to say that what they meant was “women don't tend to like conflict, comedy often comes from conflict, so that's probably why we (or others) have so few female projects.” They continued to admit that this was a “dumb answer” and that “Lucille Ball and Gilda Ratner [actually spelled Radner] to Amy Poehler and Amy Schumer prove my statement to be a load of generalized nonsense.”
Take a look at the list of Adult Swim successes closer, and it speaks for itself—none of the central protagonists on any of the network's juggernauts are female, and conversations being led by writers like Buzzfeed's Ariane Lange and Splitsider's Megh Wright in the past several months have revealed that women are equally underrepresented behind in the scenes in creative roles. Of course, it's likely that the majority of people working in entertainment doesn't agree with this prejudice, but in an insular world where a rogue comment can prevent a healthy income, it can be challenging to find people willing to speak out against comments like Lazzo's.
Fortunately, some will.
“It's garbage,” tweeted Eliza Skinner, a prominent standup with writing credits on The Late Late Show with James Corden and Totally Biased with W. Kamau Bell.
“Can confirm that all women hate conflict and also the comedy is exactly like a bar fight,” tweeted Jill Twiss, a writer on Last Week Tonight with John Oliver.
“I don't believe this even needs to be said, but I'll say it anyway: The ability to write comedy is not gender-dependent,” Adam Conover, the lead on TruTV's Adam Ruins Everything, a show that came up as a webseries on the CollegeHumor network, told us.
“It's funny, because that quote makes me WET for some conflict,” tweeted Hallie Kiefer, writer on TruTV's Friends of the People.
“Hey, Mike Lazzo, here's some conflict: Go fuck yourself!” tweeted Raphael Bob-Waksberg, creator of Netflix's Bojack Horseman.
“I am avoiding the conflict of participating and instead sending thank you notes to my enemies,” tweeted Aparna Nancherla, a standup with a litany of national standup credits and writer for Late Night With Seth Meyers and Totally Biased.
Let's get one thing straight: to boil this down to this is a Mike Lazzo problem” is to give this similar issue permission to crop up again and again via any number of Mike Lazzos that are harboring similar prejudices a little less publicly. Given their backpedaling on the comments mentioned in the Buzzfeed piece, it seems like Lazzo is well aware that women are perfectly capable of producing excellent television—he's just not hiring them.
After putting out a call for thoughts on this statement, I lost count of how many people responded to Lazzo's comments only with “there are four female writers on Rick and Morty,” a number that comprises half the Dan Harmon-helmed writing staff. Twitter eggs told me this. Adult Swim employees told me this. Other television industry people told me this. Dan Harmon's assistant was somehow directed to a Facebook post of mine and told me this. This statement is true, and positive, and good. Rick and Morty is one out of thirty-something shows on Adult Swim, and can't be used an excuse to refuse to do better.
Lisa Hanawalt, known for their work as a production designer and producer on Bojack Horseman, explained the dichotomy of wanting to speak up but not wanting to be the one to speak up on their podcast, Baby Geniuses.
“As someone who wants to have a show someday, I probably shouldn't call them out publicly,” they said of Adult Swim, “but if the gate's already closed to me then what do I care?”
Hanawalt's cohost, accomplished standup and TV writer Emily Heller, agreed. “I'm tired of having to be polite to people who are being very rude to us.”
When I asked Hanawalt for a comment on Lazzo after the release of their statements, they expressed a similar sentiment.
“Every time some ish like this happens, women like us are called upon to educate & speak out & list ourselves,” they explained over Twitter. “I take a risk and exert time and energy every time I'm vocal on this stuff. I wish men would take more of the burden. I mean, it's cool to hear women talk about this and give them a voice! I'm just so sick of these knuckleheads.”
Losing the faith of talent like Hanawalt and others is ultimately Adult Swim's loss, because their contemporaries are doing a lot better at developing shows with women. Comedy Central has beefed up its women-driven entertainment in recent years (Broad City, Inside Amy Schumer, Another Period, Idiotsitter), and networks like TBS (Full Frontal with Samantha Bee, Angie Tribeca, Separation Anxiety), Netflix (The Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Lady Dynamite, Chelsea), The CW (Crazy Ex-Girlfriend, Jane the Virgin) and others appear to be making a concentrated effort to represent different voices and staff these shows accordingly. In fact, Adult Swim has lost its revered status in the eyes of many former employees, who have since moved on to networks and projects where their voices are more respected.
Lazzo criticized Buzzfeed's sources on Reddit in their analysis of their comments due to their choosing to remain anonymous, saying “if unnamed sources want to complain, complain about me after I've read the script you asked me to read or tossed you out of my office for pitching something I didn't like.” Writers and comedians like those quoted above are putting themselves at risk by criticizing an executive, and there are many working in similar writing and performance positions who need to remain anonymous in order to preserve their ability to support themselves in an extremely insular industry. It's a complicated decision to put your name on criticism of the industry you're trying to thrive within, and, if Lazzo's comments are any indication, already have a disadvantage in getting ahead in. It's the classic conflict of “this is bullshit and I hate it, but please hire me.” With their extensive experience in television, it's likely that Lazzo is aware of this.
One former Adult Swim employee I spoke to is a writer now happily employed on the staff of a popular network sitcom who came up in the industry as a production and office assistant at Adult Swim.
“When I was originally hired, I was told that I'd have a lot of access to the writers and, once production started, be able to me more involved in the show,” they said of their experience at Adult Swim. “Then, I learned that my boss only dated black and Asian women in their twenties—I'm black, and the other office assistant was a young Asian woman.”
While this didn't stop them from pursuing the opportunity for further work with the company at first, they grew steadily less confident that those opportunities would ever be on the table.
“What struck me the most was that once I was hired I was told by the female production assistant that my interaction with the writers once production started would be limited, because having women around would ‘distract them,'” the source said. “The writer's room was all men, and the production coordinator told me that our boss had said he'd never let a woman be on staff.” She, and the production assistant who had relayed the information, left the company shortly after.
Another source who is currently employed by Adult Swim expressed a similar inner conflict to many female fans of the network—it's not okay, but coming from a company that produces some of the funniest stuff on television, it's especially disappointing.
“I think they definitely have a problem,” the source said. “I mean, just looking at the numbers, it's insane. And it's weird, I don't know like who the problem is.”
This is because a lot (and I'd wager to guess that most) of Adult Swim's male employees working in the roles of writers, producers and showrunners wouldn't agree with the assertions their boss Lazzo is making. “I've had great experiences, but also great individual bosses and producers on [Adult Swim] shows. Lazzo might be really good at finding, like…decent white guys, morally decent white guys who are cool with hiring women, et cetera.”
While this is encouraging, the source acknowledged that decent white guys, while not bad, aren't the answer to a systematic problem.
“They should just hire a dope-ass headhunter development exec to be their female face to reach out to female creatives,” the source suggested. “I think there's a definition to be made between toxic men in positions of power and general ignorance that needs to be pointed out constantly and, hopefully, corrected.”
Another former employee of Cartoon Network and Adult Swim agreed with the problems at Adult Swim being connected to careless opinions like that of Lazzo's and a general ignorance to the challenges that come with being a woman at the company.
“I've been the lone female writer in a ton of writer's rooms,” they explained, “and I'll say that while there has absolutely, 100% been sexism on their part, I always handled it well and never caused any ‘drama' about it, and I'm still friends with most of those guys.”
Adult Swim was rumored to be taking meetings with women after the criticism over the summer, something confirmed by two sources who wished to remain anonymous. As of this publication, there are no female-led or driven projects that have been picked up by the channel, while shows that have been criticized for their loose affiliation with Neo-Nazism are on the schedule. In a time where prejudices against hiring women take place in industries across the board, a refusal to do better is asking to lose talent.
“If I limited my writer's room to one type of person, it would do nothing but handcuff me creatively,” Adam Conover said. “I can't imagine choosing to do so.”
So we've got a problem. But also, please hire me.
When reached for comment, an Adult Swim representative told Paste they have no further statements at this time.
Jamie Loftus is a comedian and writer. You can find them some of the time, most days at @hamburgerphone or jamieloftusisinnocent.com.
The Knicks have received calls from multiple teams regarding 7-foot-3 big mana team source toldThe source said Philadelphia, Phoenix and San Antonio have called regarding Porzingis. The Daily News also reported that Boston contacted the Knicks. Philadelphia (No. 1), Boston (3) and Phoenix (4) all hold higher draft position than the Knicks, who pick at No. 8 in Thursday's NBA Draft. The Knicks were previously linked to a potential trade with Portland, which holds three first-round picks. The Vertical first reported that Presidentwas not opposed to trading Porzingis and also that Jackson met Monday in New York with Arizona'sa 7-footer who has drawn some comparisons to Porzingis. “I can probably say I went to dinner,” Markkanen told Yaron Weitzman of Bleacher Report . “I had to try to some steak in New York.” Asked if he's annoyed by the Porzingis comparisons, Markkanen said: “A little bit, but I know why it's there, the comparisons, European guys who can shoot. It's a great honor for me, to be compared to those guys, but I don't like to talk about it too much.” It remains unclear if Markkanen would still be available at No. 8. DraftExpress.com currently projects them at No. 7 to Minnesota. The Knicks are targeting guards and wings, includingof France,of N.C. State,of Kentucky andof Louisville, who was slated to work out Wednesday, per a source.Upset with the team's treatment ofPorzingis skipped their exit meeting with the Knicks in April and the two sides haven't spoken since. “Despite how the Knicks are treating their players, Kris wants to stay in New York,”Kristaps' brother, told ESPN.com . “He loves the city and they love the fans and they want to win with this team. If he's going to be traded, he's going to play out their contact and decide their future on their own.”The No. 4 pick in the 2015 NBA draft, Porzinigis has averaged 16.1 points and 7.3 rebounds during their two years in New York.  They are due to make $4.5 million in 2017-18 with a team option for $5.7 million in 2018-19.
Andrew Loomis, Drummer for Dead Moon, Has Died Their Musical Legacy Defined Pacific Northwest Rock 'n' Roll
Tragic news tonight: Andrew Loomis, the drummer for the seminal Oregon rock band Dead Moon, has died. Loomis was a founding member of the group, which formed in 1987 and took a hiatus in 2006; since then, Loomis and the band's other two members, Fred and Toody Cole, have reunited sporadically for occasional Dead Moon shows and tours, and Loomis drummed for another band, the Shiny Things. While Loomis was cancer free at the time of their death, they had been diagnosed with lymphoma last year and spent much of 2015 fighting hard, undergoing surgery and radiation treatment for the disease and combatting some other health problems.
Loomis' passing is an immense loss for Portland's music scene and music in general. Dead Moon remain one of the most important and best bands to emerge from the Pacific Northwest, and have garnered regional acclaim and a significant fanbase overseas, as well as influencing countless bands in its wake. The Coles are justifiably renowned for their longtime dedication to DIY music—not only with Dead Moon but with the couple's other bands, including Pierced Arrows and the Rats (and Fred Cole themselves has lately been no stranger to their own health scares in recent months). But Loomis was a vital and foundational member of the Coles' best-known and best-loved band, and their contribution to some of Oregon's greatest rock 'n' roll music is immense. Their achievements were enormous and their loss is incalculable.
Andrew Loomis, Toody Cole, and Fred Cole on the cover of Dead Moon's 1991 album Live Evil.
Loomis' companion Neva Knott posted the following in the public Dead Moon Fan Club Facebook group this afternoon:
It is with the heaviest heart I'm writing this. Andrew passed away at 4:50 this afternoon. They took a sudden and sharp, unexpected turn for worse a couple of weeks ago and has been in the hospital since Feb. 25. Tests determined they had a series of mini strokes at home, then developed respiratory problems over this past weekend. This morning they were put on a morphine drip, passed peacefully with their brothers, sister, Ruby Ann Swaner Whitfield, and me with him. We'll throw a wake at Dante's as soon as we can. Ironically, they are still cancer free.
Our condolences to all of Loomis' friends and family. On a personal note, Andrew made music that touched me very deeply—and rocked my face off. The ability to see them regularly perform with Dead Moon around town in the early '00s, complete with Loomis' famous Jack Daniel's/candle drum setup, was something I did not take for granted, and their first reunion gig at the Crystal Ballroom in 2014 was positively unforgettable. My turntable will be spinning Dead Moon records tonight and for the foreseeable future. Thank you, Andrew. You were incredible.
The character played by Michelle Meyrink on Real Genius was inspired by Phyllis Rostykus, inset.
Photo by Michael Ochs Archives/Getty Images. Inset photo provided by Phyllis Rostykus.
In 1984 two male classmates and I were invited to dinner in Pasadena, California, to talk with the producers and director of a movie that was going to be set in a fictional version of our school, the California Institute of Technology. David Marvit, a senior at the time who consulted on the film, had asked for a girl for them to talk to, so there I was—wearing a sweater I'd knitted overnight the night before, my bangs cut straight across my forehead, and speaking in a voice that people still mistake for a child's. They asked us about how things worked, what we did for fun, what our schedules were like. Eventually the conversation turned toward what it was like to be a female student in a school with a 7–1 ratio of men to women.
The resulting movie came out on Aug. 7, 1985—30 years ago this week. Real Genius was about a 15-year-old prodigy, Mitch Taylor, entering the prestigious Pacific Tech to work with their intellectual role model, senior Chris Knight, and a devious professor on a high energy laser research team. Chris seems badly unmotivated and distracted to Mitch. Chris, in the party that had become their life, introduces Mitch to all the other genius kids in the school. Between high jinks, Mitch and their friends learn that to be a real genius, you have to realize that life is about a lot more than just your work, and that science isn't just about what happens in the lab.
Among the students was the eccentric Jordan, one of the few girls in the film. They liked Mitch so much that they knitted them a sweater overnight. But they aren't just focused on landing a boyfriend—she tinkered, showed clear proficiency in the sciences, and had no trouble keeping up with Chris, Mitch, and their other friends. It was a great geek and nerd movie, but more importantly, it showed Jordan as an integral part of a high-performance educational institution. They belonged there, comfortably.
I think of Jordan as the sum of all the stories about the women of Caltech at that time. Classmates of mine will swear up and down that they were based on someone else, and I don't disagree. I had the three-hours-at-a-time sleep pattern. Someone else made a “re-breather” apparatus that shows up in a Real Genius party scene. Another lady was quite proficient with a blowtorch.
We each had our own quirks, but we shared a few characteristics: We were all smart. We not only kept up with the boys in our high schools—we surpassed all of them to get into a college with just 200 undergraduates per class. And here we were treated just like the guys.
When the movie was released in 1985, my senior year, we went to see it and loved it. So did many critics—though a female reviewer complained that there should have been more women in it. (A Tor review of the movie by Emily Asher-Perrin for its 30th anniversary stated the same thing.) My male classmates and I laughed at how naive they were and how little they knew about our reality—but we may well have missed the real point.
Once it got around that I was connected to the creation of Jordan, I started receiving thanks from women who had seen Real Genius. Jordan is an inspiration for them.  They are smart, keeps up with the boys, doesn't conform to feminine stereotypes, rescues others, is nice, and still ends up as the romantic interest. All good things for the time, and a huge step up from when they wouldn't have been there at all (before 1970). Still, like me, they had to be more like the guys to be one of the guys.
Recently, when I heard Neil deGrasse Tyson discuss their experience as a black man becoming a physicist, some of it resonated. Like him, I had always known what I was going to be—in my case, an electrical engineer—and I just ignored the people who said that I should be something else. Like him, I had a very successful career in my field. And like him, when I looked around when I was at the top, there just weren't that many other women with me.
To my knowledge, no one I worked with in engineering has ever questioned my abilities to do the work to my face. I don't recall anyone making a joke related to female engineers or asking me to make the coffee. No one has ever said to me that girls can't do the math. I've been extremely lucky, and maybe I chose to ignore slights. But when I think about the real fights I have had over my decades in STEM careers, I can see why other women would quit. When I went to the University of Washington for my master's in electrical engineering, I graduated as one of two women in a class of 200. My work life was so full I couldn't think of having children until I was 35. I had very few women to talk with about my work. I changed careers, from hardware engineering to software programming, so I could work with a female manager two decades my senior.
And then there's what happened when a small company I worked for was bought. I was married to another engineer on the team. The buyer had a bad experience with married couples working together; they said that men sometimes got their wives into a company to draw another salary, without doing the work. So without even talking to me, they decided to fire me. The entire engineering team told the buyer that if they fired someone with one-third of the system in their head, they would leave, too. And I got to keep my job.
Again: A whole team of experienced, excellent male engineers put their jobs on the line to defend my abilities. I have experienced sexism in STEM—but I have also been supported by my father, my husband, co-workers, fellow students, managers, HR people, teachers, professors, and TAs. Media articles about the gender gap in STEM seem to ignore those men, but they are the ones who help us get equal pay, equal opportunities, and equal access.
In many ways, I feel like I was treated equally with the men—which meant that I had to prove the same things they have to prove, keep in check the same emotions that they have always been told to keep in check, and adhere to certain standards of dress and behavior. That women (and men for that matter) in the field shouldn't be held to those expectations never even occurred to me. At Caltech and beyond, I was one of the guys—and maybe it was a survival tactic.
Last summer, I fell in love with Big Hero 6, a movie also about a team of intelligent college students. Big Hero 6 reflects the values we want to have today: The team is made up of various races and has nearly as many girls as boys. And while I identified with the performance-driven character Go Go, the chemically creative and fully accessorized Honey Lemon made me think: Oh. OK. Smart and fashionable. So why not both?
A 2012 study from researchers at Yale showed unconscious and automatic bias against female scientists by professors of both genders. It gives grounds as to why, my whole life, I've chosen to not emphasize my gender. Even small things—I simply never wore makeup or dresses; I always went to technical conventions in our company uniform of polo shirt and khakis. Biases against these small indicators are just evidence for the underlying problem, and when I taught at an engineering camp for girls, a few of the girls would comment on my lack of what they thought were essentials. So Honey Lemon was an eye-opener for me about what I took for granted as just part of the job.
Since I saw Real Genius 30 years ago, I've realized that having more women in STEM makes it much easier to keep women in STEM. And that lot of the precautions I take automatically—like leading with my credentials, always having a relationship, and dressing like the men—shouldn't have to be taken by women in order to do technical work.
Thirty years since Real Genius, the class of 2018 at Caltech entered with two women to every three men. And I now can say that the reviewers were right. There should have been more women at the fictional Pacific Tech.
This article is part of Future Tense, a collaboration among Arizona State University, New America, and Slate. Future Tense explores the ways emerging technologies affect society, policy, and culture. To read more, visit the Future Tense blog and the Future Tense home page. You can also follow us on Twitter.
FILE PHOTO: A worker is seen completing final checks on the production line at Nissan car plant in Sunderland, northern England, June 24, 2010. REUTERS/Nigel Roddis/File photo
LONDON (Reuters) - British new car registrations fell by an annual 4.8 percent in June, the first time in six years sales have fallen for three months in a row as the market cools from record highs, an industry body said on Wednesday.
A total of 243,454 vehicles were sold last month according to the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders (SMMT) as demand among individual consumers dropped 7.8 percent and business fleet demand fell 2.4 percent.
In the first half of the year, demand dropped 1.3 percent with the SMMT expecting full-year numbers to decline by 2.6 percent to 2.62 million sales, according to a forecast published earlier this year.
Sales hit a record high last year, boosted by cheap credit and strong consumer confidence which has fallen after a rise in inflation, the inconclusive outcome of June's national election and as Brexit talks begin.
A vehicle duty tax rise which came into effect in April also distorted the market this year, pushing up sales to an all-time high in March before a subsequent slump of 20 percent in April.
Hillary Clinton's popularity among the coveted college demographic is slipping away quickly, according to a poll released Tuesday afternoon by the California-based online textbook company Chegg.
In the nationwide survey of college students enrolled at two or four-year universities, just 18 percent selected the former secretary of state as the Democratic candidate who holds their support. When the survey was first commissioned in mid-June, Clinton led Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders and Vice President Joe Biden by nearly 20 points each, with 40 percent support.
While Clinton, the long-presumed Democratic nominee, has fallen 22 points in less than three months, the percentage of college students backing Sanders as their Democratic candidate of choice has climbed nearly 34 percent, putting the self-described socialist at 59 percent support among the undergraduate respondents.
Asked who their second choice would be to secure the Democratic nomination, an equal number of college students, 29 percent, selected both Clinton and Biden.
Clinton also received the highest unfavorable rating in the Democratic field with 47 percent of college students holding negative views of the former first lady, earning them a net-negative score of 47-42 percent. Meanwhile, Sanders had the highest favorability rating of any candidate, Democratic or Republican, with 62 percent of students viewing them positively.
When it comes to the type of candidate college voters wish to see occupying the Oval Office in 2016, 53 percent of respondents said they would prefer an "outsider [or] newcomer," while less than a quarter said they would like to see a Washington insider as the next commander in chief.
Additionally, candidates touting "free college" or "debt-free college" as a way to make inroads with the traditionally left-leaning demographic are less likely to receive students' support when compared with candidates who've offered practical solutions toward tackling the rising student debt bubble and improving income repayment plans for student loans.
Fifty percent of respondents said solving the latter was the higher education issue candidates should be focused on while just 12 percent said providing free community college should be the top priority.
Chegg's ongoing national survey began in June and was conducted online through Sept. 11 with a combined sample size of more than 2,500 students. The polling data's margin of error is 5 percent.
WESTWARD: Achieve or die.
The latest title from Kinetic Press, Westward is a new steampunk mystery comic from writer/illustrator Ken Krekeler, author of Dry Spell and The Colodin Project. The story is told over the course of 10 issues, played against a Victorian/Deco background of corporate espionage and technological revolution.
Westward has received consistently positive media reviews and Kickstarter support; crowd-funding is a great way to make connections and get the word out on independent comic titles like this one. Westward #6 was listed in the September issue of Previews (under Tool Publications) and will be distributed through Diamond in November of 2013 (item code SEP131325).
The goal of this campaign is to secure funding for printing, shipping and distribution of Westward #6.
Original Trailer (June 2012):
Victor West did not ask to be born into wealth. They did not seek out the titans of industry that surround him, that pressure and push them toward a life of grand production and unending work. Heir to the fortune of Westward Enterprises, Victor has never had to try for anything; they have never had to strive or conquer or build. But things are very different now.
Ten years ago, Victor West was horribly killed in an accident. In their grief, their father used the company's assets to construct a manifold in Victor's place; a mechanical, autonomous personality that looks and thinks like the original. Today, this new "Victor" possesses powers and abilities... with none of the intelligence to control it.
Westward/Kickstarter documentary (June 2013):
Rewards
In an effort to organize and expedite the rewards process, extra help has been hired to oversee the cataloging of backer's information and shipping of rewards packages.
Below are just a few of the incentives for backers of this campaign. A few of them are mix-and-match, and some contain rewards offerred exclusively through that particular tier. Future tiers will be added as the campaign progresses.
Reviews
“Packed with plot and interesting characters... It's excellent.” -ComicBookResources.com
(Full review)
“The writing and art stay strong throughout.” -AmberUnmasked.com
(Full review)
“Krekeler is a fine writer... It's a very good comic.” -InsidePulse.com
(Full review)
Spreading the Word
If you've already pledged, or if you're looking for alternative ways to help this campaign, your best course of action is simple: Post links. Tell your friends.
Could the key to improving underwater communication be a technology developed for landline phones in the '60s?
At a hackathon earlier this month in San Francisco, oceanographers and scientists from NASA, the California Academy of Sciences, University of California Santa Cruz, and other institutions gathered to figure out how to improve on the current tools of choice for marine researchers: waterproof paper and pencil. The event was hosted by iDive, which is launching an underwater iPad housing this fall. The company is founded by a marine biologist, and the technology originated from a research lab in Saudi Arabia funded by the king.
The winning team of four–all with science and tech backgrounds, including a 15-year-old developer–came up with ScubaTone, an iPad app that relies on old-school technology created by AT&T in 1963 called dual-tone multifrequency signaling, or DTMF for short.
“DTMF was invented 50 years ago for telephone lines before we had rotary disks,” explains Roberto De Almeida, a Brazilian oceanographer and developer at Sunnyvale, Calif.-based Marinexplore and member of ScubaTone. “DTMF is nothing more than the sounds a telephone makes when you press the different buttons, each one sending a signal composed of two different frequencies.”
With eight signals, the ScubaTone prototype allows users to program 16 messages–such as “Emergency” or “I need more air”–to correspond with each sound emitted from the iPad app.
“If you're a scientist doing specific research, you're going to tailor these messages to what you're doing,” they added.
The use of DTMF helps overcome one of the biggest problems with underwater communication: the sea's noise. Sound travels four times faster in water than air, so faraway sounds, such as a boat motor, can seem much closer than they actually are. Because ScubaTone listens for DTMF's 16 signals, which are on different bands and don't interfere with each other, it can cut through the noise.
The Canadian Press
KINGSTON, Ont. -- Police say they laid hundreds of charges during Queen's University homecoming celebrations in Kingston, Ont., over the weekend.
They say 307 of the 330 charges were under the Liquor Licence Act for violations such as having open alcohol, underage drinking and public intoxication.
Police say officers seized three kegs during the celebrations on Friday and Saturday.
The number of charges was almost double the 166 laid last year and higher than the 203 handed out in 2015.
Thirty-three people were arrested -- 30 for public intoxication and three for breach of the peace -- up from 19 in each of the two previous years.
Police Chief Gilles Larochelle described it as a "very busy weekend" for their force.
"I am extremely proud of their efforts to ensure public safety and order, balanced with restraint and appropriate enforcement," Larochelle said Monday in a release.
The university cancelled its fall homecoming in 2008 after police made 140 arrests on a variety of charges as thousands crowded Kingston's streets.
Homecoming returned in 2013 and had seen fewer arrests and charges until this year.
ON that early spring day in San Francisco, I walked out to buy local treats for my birthday party — country bread (sour, with walnuts) from Tartine bakery, tamales from the lady in front of my favorite produce shop, salted caramel ice cream from Bi-Rite and a tub of peanut curry ice cream from Humphry Slocombe's.
Since I was a teenager in art school scribbling recipes in my illustration notebook, my life has been about cooking, tasting and sharing stories about food. I'm the former Roving Feast columnist for The San Francisco Chronicle and continue to write and appear on radio and TV. I've had about two dozen cookbooks published, and now I'm creating private supper clubs around the world.
Whenever I travel I tote back something delicious — miso-pickles from Japan; ripe Camembert from France; spicy salami from Calabria. My handbag always holds something to make life even more delectable — a tube of harissa, maybe Sichuan preserved vegetables or a head of garlic.
The light changed at the corner, and I began to cross the street.
Suddenly I was in the air. Storefronts, billboards and leafy treetops floated slowly by, until my head hit the street and I was flung like a rag doll onto the pavement. I was racked with excruciating pain.
Hello backers and wellwishers! We are down to the final few hours of the Meriwether campaign, and we couldn't be more excited. Not only has our campaign succeeded, not only have we already hit our first stretch goal, but today we have a line up of legendary game designers and Lewis and Clark experts on our Meri-Thon.
Here's the schedule. Note that we might just be able to squeeze in a few more surprises on top of the ones we already have in store for you.
3:00 PM Adam Saltsman, creator of Canabalt and Flixel
3:30 PM Uwe Eickert, principal/founder of Academy Games (Conflict of Heroes, 1812, 1775)
4:00 PM Captain William Clark! (as portrayed by Craig "Rocky" Rockwell)
4:30 PM Doug Wilson, designer of J.S. Joust and B.U.T.T.O.N.
5:00 PM Eric Zimmerman, Colleen Macklin, and John Sharp (Local No. 12, The Metagame)
5:30 PM TBA!
6:00 PM Nik Mikros, Creative Director of SMASHWORX (Propaganda Lander, Killer Queen Arcade)
6:30 PM Asi Burak, Co-President of Games for Change
7:00 PM Corey and Lori Cole, Quest for Glory and Hero U
7:30 PM Greg Trefry, director of Come Out & Play Festival and co-founder of Gigantic Mechanic
8:00 PM Tony DeBonis, trapper, hunter, and Josh's brother!
8:30 PM Rebecca Mir, Museum Educator and writer for Play the Past
9:00 PM Jesse Fuchs, Game Designer (Guts of Glory)
9:30 PM Thomas Danisi, author Meriwether Lewis and Uncovering the Truth about Meriwether Lewis
10:00 PM Jeff McCord, creator of Fargoal and Fargoal 2
10:30 PM Andy Hull, programmer/designer (Spelunky)
11:00 PM Barb Kubik, Lewis and Clark historian (Meriwether)
The schedule is subject the change, but we anticipate having a terrific time with these guests and possibly squeezing in a few more. As we approach air-time, please check back on this page for the YouTube link that will take you to the Live Stream of the event. See you then!
This post may contain affiliate links; please read the disclosure for more information.
Beginning March 31st, 2017, Amorette's Patisserie at Disney Springs will have a brand-new cake decorating class where you'll learn how they seamlessly blend artistry and storytelling in cake design, starting with the elegant glaçage (that's French for “mirror glaze”) and ending with the finishing touches such as chocolate sculpted ears, tail, belt and buttons – which are all edible, of course.
Reservations are now, and the experience (which must be booked in advance) will be held from 8:45 a.m. to 10:30 a.m. every Friday through May 5. While in the class, you can enjoy complimentary specialty coffee, Mimosas and bellinis as you work on making your very own Mickey Dome cake. Space is limited. Cost is $129 plus tax for ages 10 and up, for one to two guests working on a single cake. A second cake can be purchased for an additional $40. Reservations are available now, and can be made by visiting DisneyWorld.com/dining.
The onset of NFL draft season makes for the eruption of anonymous scouts saying odd things and crazy rumors to get an inordinate amount of run. It's already starting for the Browns and the No. 1 overall pick the team clinched with last Sunday's loss.
Ian O'Connor of ESPN tweeted that an NFC personnel executive is convinced Wyoming quarterback Josh Allen will be the No. 1 overall pick.
NFC personnel guy convinced Browns will take Josh Allen at No. 1, leaving Dave Gettleman (with a Giants loss or Colts win Sunday) to pick Rosen, Darnold, or Barkley. — Ian O'Connor (@Ian_OConnor) December 28, 2017
It's a bold take. Allen looks the part physically, an athletically gifted 6-foot-5, 240-pounder with a big arm. Yet he's been one of the least accurate and most inefficient passers in college football the last two seasons. They were the 75th-rated passer in 2017, ranking 85th in yards per attempt and 83rd in completion percentage.
All their figures are significantly worse than current Browns starter DeShone Kizer's in their final two years at Notre Dame, and Kizer has proven wildly incapable of effectively leading an NFL passing attack. Kizer did more despite playing a much tougher schedule and with fewer NFL skill position players at their disposal than Allen had in 2016, too.
Our take
Be careful with the hype on Allen, but don't dismiss it outright either. Strange things happen when multiple NFL teams all need quarterbacks in the draft.
Having said that, I personally think he's an NFL tight end, not a quarterback. They remind me very much of Jason Vander Laan, a two-time D-II player of the year at Ferris State with remarkably similar athletic traits. After failing to even stick on practice squads at QB, he's now a tight end for the Colts.
Share
File-sharers, beware: By July 12, major US Internet service providers (ISPs) will voluntarily begin serving as copyright police for the entertainment industry, according to Cary Sherman, chief executive of the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). The so-called “six-strikes” plan is said to be one of the most effective anti-piracy efforts ever established in the US.
The “gradual response” program works like this: ISPs will automatically monitor the Web activity of their customers. If a subscriber is found to be downloading copyrighted content illegally, their ISP will send them an “educational” notice saying such activity has been detected from IP addresses linked to their account. If that customer continues to download content illegally, the ISP will send “confirmation notices” to make sure they received the original notices. If copyright infringing activity continues still, the ISP then reserves the right to throttle Web access speeds, or cut off a subscriber's Internet access altogether, at least until that user agrees to stop pirating copyrighted material. According to CNet, the ISPs have the option to skip these “mitigation measures,” and none have yet committed to completely cutting Internet access.
“Each ISP has to develop their infrastructure for automating the system,” said Sherman, at a CNet event in New York this week. This is required “for establishing the database so they can keep track of repeat infringers, so they know that this is the first notice or the third notice. Every ISP has to do it differently depending on the architecture of its particular network. Some are nearing completion and others are a little further from completion.”
While the RIAA, MPAA, and even the White House support this measure, many questions still remain. For instance, what about customers that get Internet access from smaller providers? Will those companies be pressured into jumping on the Hollywood bandwagon? Moreover, given the staunch public opposition to governmental efforts to impose restrictions on the Internet, how will people react if they lose their connection altogether? Our prediction: Dark days are ahead.
[Image via Leah-Anne Thompson/Shutterstock]
A remarkable story. DC James Bettcher & their family received a Life Saver Award from @cityofchandler for saving a child trapped under a car. pic.twitter.com/H6kCFUoS7Y — Arizona Cardinals (@AZCardinals) April 26, 2017
The city of Chandler honored Cardinals defensive coordinator James Bettcher and their wife Erica with the “Lifesaver Award” for helping free a boy trapped under a car in mid-February.
A boy was hit and run over by a vehicle while riding their bike to school but became trapped under the car after it stopped.
Erica Bettcher jumped out of the car to stop it and began keeping the boy calm while holding their head. Within moments, the Arizona defensive coordinator and another bystander began jacking up the car to pull the boy out from under it, said Chandler Fire Department spokesperson Blas Minor.
“Before I had the car in park, my wife was running out of the car, running out of our car heading to the car that had struck the young man trying to get them to stop. I'm not sure that they even realized what had happened, it happened so fast,” Bettcher told the Cardinals' website.
“We really had a great 911 operator that directed us, everything to do and things to check on the young man. Those men and women behind the scenes … for me, that's what it represented. For me, that's what it's all about.”
Minor said Bettcher was at first reluctant to be recognized for helping the boy.
They were eventually convinced to attend a city meeting where they and their wife were honored.
“As I expressed to Coach Bettcher, if we don't recognize our community members like they and their wife, and the others that helped that day, no one's going to really know the kind of citizens we have in our community,” Minor said. “He understood that.
“Hopefully, through these types of stories and events that happen, people can kind of step up the next time they see someone in need.”
Follow @AZSports
On Monday the 9th of February, we at E-Frag.net announced an unprecedented tournament in which four top tier line-ups who have won a major tournament in 2014 are pitted against each other.King of Majors is an online double-elimination tournament organized by E-Frag.net and sponsored by hitbox.tv and eBettle.com.The tournament is going to be played out over the span of two days (16th and 17th of February) in Best-of-three series.Our intention is not only to replenish the lack of top level CS:GO action prior to a major tournament (ESL One Katowice) caused by the intense preparation of all participating teams, but also to establish a rough estimate of how well are the 2014 major tournaments champions prepared, as 15,000$ handed out in an online tournament is an amount that ought not to be neglected even by the very best.In order to follow the brackets and matches, including the schedule, please visit King of Majors' Official Webpage: http://risingstars.e-frag.net/king-of-majors CoverageThe whole tournament will be cast by E-FragTV on hitbox: http://www.hitbox.tv/efragtv As usual, @DrAvailer will be in the helm of commentary along with @Kassad1g. However, we are also having a few special guests who will ensure to provide you with the most de luxe experience.On a side note, apart from betting skins on CSGOlounge.com, you can bet real money at http://www.eBettle.com - a simple but reliable betting platform!
by Steve Kim
While the majority of the viewing public believed that Sergey Kovalev (30-1, 26 KOs) deserved to have their hands raised in victory on November 19th when they faced Andre Ward (31-0, 15 KOs) at the T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas.
The trio of Burt Clements, Glenn Trowbridge and John McKaie all scored the bout 114-113 for Ward, who was down in the second round of the contest. There was a rematch clause in place, which Kovalev exercised to force the immediate second meeting.
The June 17th rematch between the two will take place in the same jurisdiction (but this time at the Mandalay Bay) and once again on HBO Pay-Per-View.
When talking about the selection of judges for Ward-Kovalev II, Kathy Duva, the head of Main Events (which represents Kovalev) stated:
"We're in business, Nevada was the right place for the fight. It is the place where we'll do the most money on that weekend. That's the weekend we were given and all good business sense told us to go to Nevada. Their rules are that the commission selects the officials."
For this event, while a co-promotion, Roc Nation Sports is the lead promoter given that Ward was the victor in the initial match-up.
According to Duva, they wanted to make a request with the Nevada State Athletic Commission - "We wanted to go to them and ask for neutral officials, that's something I asked for, but Andre Ward would have none of that,'' stated Duva, who explained that by 'neutral', any judge not from the United States or Russia.
Steve Kim is the news editor for BoxingScene.com.
SpaceX and Tesla CEO Elon Musk is backing a brain-computer interface venture called Neuralink, according to The Wall Street Journal. The company, which is still in the earliest stages of existence and has no public presence whatsoever, is centered on creating devices that can be implanted in the human brain, with the eventual purpose of helping human beings merge with software and keep pace with advancements in artificial intelligence. These enhancements could improve memory or allow for more direct interfacing with computing devices.
Musk has hinted at the existence of Neuralink a few times over the last six months or so. More recently, Musk told a crowd in Dubai, “Over time I think we will probably see a closer merger of biological intelligence and digital intelligence.” They added that “it's mostly about the bandwidth, the speed of the connection between your brain and the digital version of yourself, particularly output." On Twitter, Musk has responded to inquiring fans about their progress on a so-called “neural lace,” which is sci-fi shorthand for a brain-computer interface humans could use to improve themselves.
@BelovedRevol May be next month — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) January 25, 2017
These types of brain-computer interfaces exist today only in science fiction. In the medical realm, electrode arrays and other implants have been used to help ameliorate the effects of Parkinson's, epilepsy, and other neurodegenerative diseases. However, very few people on the planet have complex implants placed inside their skulls, while the number of patients with very basic stimulating devices number only in the tens of thousands. This is partly because it is incredibly dangerous and invasive to operate on the human brain, and only those who have exhausted every other medical option choose to undergo such surgery as a last resort.
This has not stopped a surge in Silicon Valley interest from tech industry futurists who are interested in accelerating the advancement of these types of far-off ideas. Kernel, a startup created by Braintree co-founder Bryan Johnson, is also trying to enhance human cognition. With more than $100 million of Johnson's own money — the entrepreneur sold Braintree to PayPal for around $800 million in 2013 — Kernel and its growing team of neuroscientists and software engineers are working toward reversing the effects of neurodegenerative diseases and, eventually, making our brains faster and smarter and more wired.
Neuralink joins Kernel in the quest to hack the human brain
“We know if we put a chip in the brain and release electrical signals, that we can ameliorate symptoms of Parkinson's,” Johnson told The Verge in an interview late last year. (Johnson also confirmed Musk's involvement with Neuralink.) “This has been done for spinal cord pain, obesity, anorexia… what hasn't been done is the reading and writing of neural code.” Johnson says Kernel's goal is to “work with the brain the same way we work with other complex biological systems like biology and genetics.”
Kernel, to its credit, is quite upfront about the years of medical research necessary to better understand the human brain and pioneer new surgery techniques, software methods, and implant devices that could make a consumer brain-computer interface a reality. The Wall Street Journal says Neuralink was founded as a medical research company in California last July, which bolsters the idea that Musk will follow a similar route as Johnson and Kernel.
To be fair, the hurdles involved in developing these devices are immense. Neuroscience researchers say we have very limited understanding about how the neurons in the human brain communicate, and our methods for collecting data on those neurons is rudimentary. Then there's the idea of people volunteering to have electronics placed inside their heads.
“People are only going to be amenable to the idea [of an implant] if they have a very serious medical condition they might get help with,” Blake Richards, a neuroscientist and assistant professor at the University of Toronto, told The Verge in an interview earlier this year. “Most healthy individuals are uncomfortable with the idea of having a doctor crack open their skull.”
Apple is releasing updates today for Pages, Numbers, and Keynote on iOS and OS X, adding to both the ability to do split-screen multitasking, one of the major feature additions to its new operating systems. It's an expected update that should make these apps a bit more useful, especially considering that they're the key components of Apple's productivity suite. On the iPhone, all three apps are also adding support for 3D Touch.
The updates are arriving nearly a month after the release of iOS 9. It's by no means a long wait, but you can make something of the fact that Microsoft, which demoed Office on stage at Apple's event last month, has had support for iPad split-screen in Word, Excel, and PowerPoint since day one. You can now start getting your split-screen productivity fix from Apple, too, but there are still some good reasons to consider the alternatives if you haven't already.
Atef Safadi/European Pressphoto Agency
The Israeli newspaper Haaretz reports:
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas said Thursday that they had no wish to seek re-election at a presidential poll they have called for January and that they were not ready to debate the issue. In a speech broadcast live from their headquarters in the West Bank city of Ramallah, the 74-year-old PLO leader, who replaced the late Yasser Arafat five years ago, said: “I have told our brethren in the PLO … that I have no desire to run in the forthcoming election.”
According to an Associated Press report from the West Bank city of Ramallah:
Mahmoud Abbas says the stalemate in peace negotiations with Israel prompted their decision not to run again. They charged the U.S. with backtracking on its Mideast policy and refusing to press Israel to freeze construction in its West Bank settlements. […] Officials from Abbas' Fatah Party say they have no leading candidate to replace him. Despite the announcement, activists say Abbas could be persuaded to change their mind.
As the BBC notes, Mr. Abbas did not say they are stepping down immediately, and, given the lack of an agreement between their Fatah party and the Hamas leadership in Gaza on the timing of elections, there may not be a vote in January — so it remains possible that Mr. Abbas will continue in their post for some time.
According to Haaretz, Hamas spokesperson Sami Abu Zuhri responded to the announcement by calling on Mr. Abbas to “face the Palestinian people and tell them frankly that the path of negotiations has failed.”
According to members of the executive committee of the Palestine Liberation Organization, Mahmoud Abbas, the Palestinian president, is so frustrated by the lack of progress in peace negotiations with both the Israeli government and the leadership of Hamas that they have decided not to seek another term in elections scheduled for January.
The Israeli newspaper Haaretz reported on Thursday that one P.L.O. official said that Mr. Abbas, who was instrumental in the Oslo peace accords that laid the foundation for a two-state solution to the conflict in the Middle East, planned “to give a speech later in the day to explain their decision not to run.” The newspaper also noted, as other news agencies did, that “Abbas has threatened in the past not to run, and it was not immediately clear whether this was a final decision.”
James Hider of The Times of London reported from Jerusalem that aides said Mr. Abbas's decision “was prompted in part by remarks made last weekend by Hillary Clinton, the U.S. Secretary of State, who seemed to cave in to Israel's refusal to halt the growth of Jewish settlements on the West Bank.” Nabil Shaath, a senior Palestinian official, told Mr. Hilder: “President Abbas has said more than once that they do not want to be a candidate because of their feelings of great frustration about the American position on the peace process…. The Americans have abandoned their obligations.”
News agencies reported that leaks of the planned announcement have already led to phone calls to Mr. Abbas from the presidents of Egypt and Israel, the king of Jordan and Israel's defense minister, who have all urged them to change their mind. Haaretz pointed out that aides to Mr. Abbas said that they told Mrs. Clinton last month that they would not run for reelection, “but backed off after Obama called them and expressed their commitment to Mideast peacemaking.”
Mr. Abbas is reportedly also frustrated by the lack of progress in reconciliation talks between their Fatah party, which rules the West Bank, and the Hamas leadership, which controls Gaza. Last month Fatah unilaterally signed a reconciliation accord negotiated by Egyptian mediators, but Hamas expressed reservations.
Since the framework for a settlement to the Arab-Israeli conflict was agreed upon at Oslo in 1993, Mr. Abbas, who is also known as Abu Mazen, has been struggling to bring the so-called two-state solution into being. But their frustration at the apparent inability of the Obama administration to stop Israeli settlement building on occupied Palestinian land has lead senior Palestinians to question in recent days if it is time for a shift to a more radical proposal: one shared state in which Arabs and Jews would live together with a single democratically-elected government.
On Wednesday, Reuters reported that Saeb Erekat, the chief Palestinian negotiator told journalists that if Israeli settlements across the West Bank make a separate, viable Palestinian state impossible, Palestinians might need to “refocus their attention on the one-state solution where Muslims, Christians and Jews can live as equals.”
In the video report from Al Jazeera embedded below, Mr. Erekat can be seen telling a news conference on Wednesday that if Israelis “want to kill the two-state solution, then maybe it is a moment of truth for the Palestinian leadership, for Abu Mazen, who has done nothing in their life but pursue the two-state solution, to come [to] their moment of truth and tell their people the truth — that with the continuation of settlement activities, the two-state solution is no longer an option.”
The fractured nature of the Palestinian leadership of two separate territories, divided by Israeli territory, has led some in Israel to start talking about a three-state solution for the region, composed of separate governments for Israel, the West Bank and what Lawrence Wright noted in The New Yorker last month Israeli newspapers call “Hamastan,” in Gaza.
My colleagues in Jerusalem will have more on Mr. Abbas's speech later on Thursday when they make it.
Keep in touch outside of our meetups! Join one of the chat rooms to ask questions, give answers, or just hang out.
 Slack
This is the best way to reach us. Request an invite for the SDJS group or login.
 Twitter
Follow all the action. #sandiegojs
 IRC
For those of you who prefer to rock it old-school style there is also a #sandiegojs IRC channel on Freenode.
IRC Web Client
If you haven't used IRC before, the fastest way to start is by using the web client. You don't need to install anything on your computer for this. You'll need to choose a unique username and then you'll be put in the #sandiegojs channel on Freenode. You can type by clicking in the text box at the bottom and using your keyboard.
IRC Desktop Client
Pick your flavor:
When setting up your IRC client:
Select the Freenode server (or enter irc.freenode.net) Join the channel #sandiegojs
Alternatively click this link after installing your IRC client: irc://irc.freenode.net/sandiegojs
 Github
Get the source from our org.
by April Bender via Higher Self
fire letters It has been a rather peculiar week for you, has it not? In a purely inward sense. As previously announced , the new moon energies that permeated your physical realm as well as the layers of your light/solar body, brought with them the impetus for another mighty in-breath and/or "inner gateway opening" which brought in a higher quality multidimensional flow of information, memory, light coding activations, and/or "."
Each prior in-breath has grown in depth, intensity, and expansiveness to bring you and therefore the Collective, to the greatest in-pouring of higher (Christ) consciousness experienced thus far during this grand ascension cycle. It is this in-pouring, that you are in the middle of processing/integrating within all aspects of Self and therefore, the Collective Higher Mind/Web of Life at this time. It is also the effects of this in-pouring, that will see your very relationship to these aspects of Self and how you relate to/commune with those aspects - shift, change, and deepen - for they will begin to interact/overlap with one another much more seamlessly - as you've either purged or transformed so much of what once stood in the way of this type of healthy interaction/communion between aspects of Whole Self and Creation.
Though the new moon has technically passed, its energetic influence will continue to affect you today and in the days that follow, as you seek to integrate, reorder and utilize within - ALL that has been moved, activated, reconciled, reclaimed, renewed and transcended within Self as a result of these heightened inhalations/infusions and the further completion/refinement of the overall Resolution, Reclamation, and Soul-Retrieval Sequencing Process
As a result of this colossal amount of inner-shifting and lifting, you personally have felt somewhat "fragmented" lately, as the familiar worlds and the lattice structure/framework of them that previously existed within you, have been temporarily dissolved and/or separated while they further shift, transform or birth themselves anew, into a higher and more efficient configuration or octave. The same also holds true, for all your previous patterns of reaction and response, all your belief systems, even memories...all that you believed you were or contained. ALL THESE have recently been mirrored back to you and then abruptly dissolved so that you might choose to restructure and/or rebuild them using your newly acquired higher energetic materials/substances and/or information/codes. The subtle but far-reaching shift in perspective, awareness and/or consciousness that will naturally unfold as a result of this new vision or vantage point created through Self being re-envisioned and remade, is required for full passage through the fires of ascension/transmutation/resurrection. For...
The soul must devote itself completely and solely to what you have determined shall exist within it.
- Rudolf Steiner
This larger movement or impetus of course, will also quite naturally lead to the full spectrum activation and luminescence of your DNA and that of other Warriors of Light, which will in turn ripple out with a beam-like intensity across the Collective Mind/Web as their/your light codes or "fire letters" are shared/expressed outwardly during the next exhalation/full moon phase and beyond. You're actually already emanating these from your aura/light body now though to a small degree. However, once you've finished assimilating them, the potency with which you emanate them will be a thousand-fold, further fueling and aiding in the ascension of the masses/Collective.
In conjunction with all of this overall activity, various higher chakras are also opening/blooming within Self and the Collective Higher Mind/Web, while at the same time, energy flow is being greatly increased, magnetized and subtly refined within the base chakras, especially the heart, throat, solar-plexus, crown, and third-eye regions - further refining/boosting your solar/light body and/or merkabic vehicle. So while these changes feel good overall (you feel lighter, internally stronger, more spiritually connected than ever), they can easily lead to feelings of temporary mental/spiritual confusion, fatigue, blips, disjointedness and/or an overall sense of fragmentation, especially while engaging in day to day activities/relations. These side-effects, so to speak, will last until a greater measure of integration/reordering can be attained by and within Self and within Gaia as well. Don't forget they are also going through their own such restructuring/reordering process in tandem with your own.
Your greatest asset to you at this time, beside your good intention, is your WILL. This is why I have harped endlessly on the need for you to stay in your throne/seat of Divine Empowerment or WILL... your solar plexus. However as you know, your solar plexus must be properly aligned with the (high) heart chakra. For it is not My Will, but THY WILL BE DONE. A very important distinction that I want to make sure all who may read these messages understands. It is an alignment, this Reclamation of Divine Empowerment, co-created through love, purity, oneness/communion, faith, devotion and service for and within the great Mother/Father God and overall Divine Plan. For without such alignment, one would surely become imbalanced within their center, allowing the little "I" or negative ego to regain a foothold over one's spiritual development/advancement by becoming the main source of a Being's empowerment and sense of identity - a false, distorted or unrighteous form of empowerment and identity at that.
I mention the importance of this alignment because with the culmination of the overall ascension process, many many gifts, capacities, and abilities once natural to the human condition, will again become available to you and to all ascending ones (telepathy, teleportation, bi-location, various forms of projection/travel, the manipulation of elements/forces, contact, etc...). But your reclamation of these divine birthrights (so often spoken of in previous messages) is simply the first step, as in order to wield them - you must WILL them into use/application. And in truth, the human Will is the weakest of all muscles due to humanity's lengthy years of environmental suppression/oppression.
This is why I encouraged you to begin by simply standing in your center, and willing yourself back in should you be knocked out of it. For before you exercise your Will in such a tremendous and powerful way, you should be standing in your center/seat of Divine Empowerment (right alignment). Not only does this help to keep your movements/activities righteous but also aids in the proper and safe movement/execution of such abilities and expanded capacities. In the days to come, you shall imagine and/or find many many ways and opportunities in which to test and refine your Will in very specific ways. And know that in all seriousness there is no way around this lesson. For to Will is to Move and to have your Being within Creation post-ascension - you yourself began learning this lesson early with all your lucid dreams and astral travels but now is the time to move into mastership (to a certain degree) of the Will and to work more consciously and intentionally with it before passing through to the next threshold of experience.
And remember, while we're talking about breathing cycles, that each and every breath is a precious gift/tool to be utilized. With each inhalation see incoming light or higher energetics fill your chest cavity, and with each exhalation see the release of any dross expelled completely from the body/mind and either returned to primordial source or transmuted through a violet flame.
We've focused the majority of today's message on the personal/individual side of ascension but this in no way implies that movement within the Collective Higher Mind/Web of Life has abated or that any information in my prior messages has changed - in fact, quite the contrary is occurring. Since individual movements are reflected within the Collective Mind/Web and vice-versa, it stands to reason that a tremendous amount of activity is rippling within/across it right now. It's just that since this is an in-breath period, the activity is mostly directed inwards, though the fruits of such activity will surely manifest outwardly during the next expression phase and perhaps sooner, so potent is this infusion.
All in all this is another tremendous opportunity to let go of all that you thought you were and to simply embrace and BECOME all that you ARE and were meant to BE. Simply allow the reordering to take place...lean into it as they say.
Until next time...
Author's note :
If my Higher Self messages are new to you, I recommend the following older posts as well as the links embedded in the above message:
Smoking skunk doesn't ‘wreck your brain' (Picture Getty)
On Friday, the anti-drug press went wild over a study which suggested that smoking skunk cannabis, ‘Wrecks brains'.
Except that's not really what the study said, the NHS has pointed out.
The NHS responded to The Sun's ‘simplistic' headline, ‘”Scientists warn smoking ‘skunk' cannabis wrecks brains,” saying that the paper had overstated the conclusions of the small academic study.
The NHS said, 'What this study doesn't tell us is whether these structural changes do any harm or cause any negative mental health effects – which is why The Sun's headline is too strong. The study simply didn't look at this.'
‘Researchers used MRI scanners to scan the brains of 99 adults – some with psychosis, some without – looking for any links between small changes in their brain structure and their cannabis habits.
MORE: Cannabis company to launch ‘weed weddings' with vape stations and ice bongs
Advertisement
Advertisement
MORE: Here's how you make a weed-infused Christmas dinner with all the trimmings
‘They found users of skunk – as well as those who used any type of cannabis on a daily basis – had different structural changes in the corpus callosum, compared with those who smoked less or lower-strength strains.
‘The effects of cannabis use – both in the short and longer term – are not firmly established.'
On Tuesday's broadcast of Laura Ingraham's radio program, conservative commentator Pat Buchanan, author of “Suicide of a Superpower: Will America Survive to 2025?” said GOP presidential candidate Mitt Romney needs to reconsider their solely economic plan of attack on President Barack Obama.
This comes as polling averages give Obama an edge over Romney and trend in favor of their re-election.
“I think what the campaign has done, from what you've seen — from what we've both seen in the last couple of days — has sort of said, ‘This is our program. This is our game plan. We got to get the moderates. We have to move on the election. It's got to be on the economic issue. Let's not get distracted.' I think given the numbers we're seeing, they're going to have to call an audible to show some flexibility and to be able to move.”
Buchanan recalled former President Ronald Reagan's firing of air traffic controllers in 1981 as a bold gesture from which Romney and their campaign could learn.
“Now what did Ronald Reagan do?” Buchanan asked. “He didn't ask for the air controllers strike. They said, ‘You fellows got 48 hours to get back on the job or you're all gone.' … They said [Leonid] Brezhnev and the Soviet Union all of a sudden stood up and took notice. They said, ‘Here's a guy that's cracked the only union that endorsed them and fired the whole lot of them?' I mean, this is what the country really needs, with due respect, a certain smack of legitimate authority when things like this happen.”
But going forward, Buchanan suggested Romney should wait a few days to see if the post-Democratic National Convention bounce sticks before considering calling that “audible.”
“They ought to wait a couple of days to see what happens to this bounce. But if this bounce endures, and Obama is still up in seven of the eight top swing states, and their approval rating is, you know, at 50 percent and in the head-to-heads, they are up by five, or six, or seven or something — then you're going to have to change plays,” Buchanan said.
Follow Jeff on Twitter
NEW DELHI: Travelling by train has now become more fun for tea lovers as Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC) has come up with a new offer of providing rail passengers with over 25 varieties of tea, which can further be customised in over 12,000 ways. The range varies from ‘desi chai' to interesting ones like ‘aam papad chai' and ‘hari mirch chai' along with kulhad chai, adrak tulsi chai and honey ginger lemon. IRCTC has also launched a mobile app through which orders can be placed.“The steaming cup of tea, an inseparable part of any train journey, is going to be tastier and customised in the choicest flavours with IRCTC entering into a tie up with leading tea café chain Chaayos. Another good news for rail passengers is that we have decided to give 10% cash back offer on e-catering orders of over Rs 300,” said Arun Kumar Manocha, chairperson, IRCTC.
The news that Senate Democrats are adding Elizabeth Warren to their leadership team raises an important question about the trajectory of the party's most popular figure not named Hillary Clinton: Will they be co-opted by the establishment?
It's a query that naturally comes up every time a politician who has made their mark as an outsider joins the official hierarchy in Washington. Warren's brand relies on their popularity with liberals who believe the Democratic Party of Obama, Clinton, and another Senate leader, Charles Schumer of New York, is no less a patron of Wall Street than is the GOP. Two years after their election in Massachusetts, Warren is not nearly the nuisance to leadership that Senator Ted Cruz has been for Republicans, but they are known for speaking—and voting—her mind. Whether their appointment as a "strategic policy advisor" to the Democratic leadership changes that approach or not will be closely-watched in the coming months.
For their part, Warren betrayed no hint of hesitation in joining Reid's team. "I believe in what the Democrats are fighting for," they told reporters. "Wall Street is doing well, CEOs are bringing in millions more, and families all across this country are struggling. We have to make this government work for the American people, and that's what we are here to fight for." In a separate email to their supporters, they said their ascension would mean "a seat at the table for all of us." Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, who was reelected on Thursday to serve as party chief in the minority of the next session, anticipated that question as they introduced Warren to a throng of reporters in the Capitol after a soul-searching caucus meeting that lasted nearly four hours. "What do you expect them to do?" Reid asked, repeating a question they said was shouted at them earlier in the day. "I expect them to be Elizabeth Warren."
0
After countless shortlist stories and rumors concerning who would play Star-Lord in Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy, the search for the lead role is finally over, and fittingly the actor is someone who never appeared on any of the asupervisorstioned lists. Deadline reports that Chris Pratt has been tapped to play Peter Quill, aka Star-Lord, a character who was born of a human mother and alien father, and is a master strategist and combat expert who wears an ability-enhancing suit and pilots a psychically-linked ship. As Guardians features a cast of strange and cosmic characters, Quill was an important role to fill because they will likely act as the audience's introduction to the vast, unfamiliar Guardians world. Hit the jump for more.
There were plenty of actors rumored for the role that made a lot of sense (John Krasinski, Zachary Levi, etc.), and Deadline notes that Marvel made test deals with Joel Edgerton, Jack Huston, Lee Pace, and Eddie Redmayne, but Chris Pratt actually seems like a perfect fit. Their comic timing is excellent as evidenced by their work on NBC's Parks and Recreation, and he's shown their talent on the dramatic side with Moneyball and 2012's Zero Dark Thirty, for which they also proved that they can beef up for a role if need-be.
Looking back on the previous shortlists and taking Pratt into consideration, it's clear that writer/director James Gunn is planning on injecting a good amount of humor into Guardians of the Galaxy. A rumor surfaced recently that Marvel was looking at possibly tapping Jim Carrey or Adam Sandler to do voice work in the film (one of the guardians is a talking raccoon), so I'm interested to see the tone that Gunn settles on for the finished film.
With the role of Star-Lord secure, Gunn and Marvel now look to filling out the rest of the cast, which includes the powerful Drax the Destroyer, a giant tree named Groot, the asupervisorstioned Rocket Raccoon, and the female lead Gamora. The story is also rumored to involve the villain Thanos. Expect to hear more soon as production gears up to begin later this year. Guardians of the Galaxy will be released in 3D on August 1, 2014.
The Embedded Muse
Issue Number 263, June 16, 2014
Copyright 2014 The Ganssle Group
Editor: Jack Ganssle, jack@ganssle.com
You may redistribute this newsletter for noncommercial purposes. For commercial use contact info@ganssle.com. Go here to sign up for The Embedded Muse.
Contents
Editor's Notes
Did you know it IS possible to create accurate schedules? Or that most projects consume 50% of the development time in debug and test, and that it's not hard to slash that number drastically? Or that we know how to manage the quantitative relationship between complexity and bugs? Learn this and far more at my Better Firmware Faster class, presented at your facility. See http://www.ganssle.com/onsite.htm.
Embedded Video
I've posted two new videos: Episode 2: The Perils of Probing: What's Inside That Scope Probe? Why anyone who uses a scope needs to understand that the probe is far more than a wire. Episode 3: LabTool: A Fairly-Decent Low-Cost Scope/Logic Analyzer. This is a review of the LabTool USB scope/logic analyzer/function generator. There will always be a link to the latest video here. A complete list is here.
Quotes and Thoughts
The number of defects found in production use will be inversely proportional to the percent of defects removed prior to integration, system, and acceptance testing. - Girish Seshagiri
Tools and Tips
Please submit clever ideas or thoughts about tools, techniques and resources you love or hate. Here are the tool reviews submitted in the past. Miro Samek has a free set of videos on YouTube which explain the basics (and more) of writing in C for the ARM Cortex-M series of parts. This is one of the more important microprocessor families around today. If you buy the suggested $12.95 board, you can use IAR's free IDE (Miro shows exactly how to obtain and configure it) and work in parallel with the lessons. Unlike other C classes, in this series you'll get exposed to both the C code and what the processor is really doing behind the scenes. That's critical info for any embedded developer. Highly recommended. We've had no recommendations for FileZilla, so here's a plug for that free FTP tool. It's small, fast, and doesn't continually nag for updates. Linux and Mac versions are available, though I have not used those. It will queue multiple file transfer and can even be configured to limit bandwidth usage. I find FileZilla so useful it's pinned to my task bar. There is a server version available as well, also for free. Jon Titus had a debugging suggestion: A few years ago I bought a small thermal receipt printer on Ebay for $50 or so. The printer required only a serial input for complete control of printing, fonts, and so on. When working with small MCUs, the printer provided an easy way to get a hard copy of information at specific points in my code. And because the printer didn't require a printer library with all its overhead, I could easily do bit-bashing if the MCU didn't have an open serial output. I still see serial receipt printers on Ebay for under $100. Tip: Instead of buying a caseload of thermal paper rolls, ask a local store for a roll. It will last a long time.
It's an Ithaca Series 80PLUS-S-AC. It came with a separate power-supply module and cables. And it has a standard 9-pin serial connector that provides all the RS-232 signals. People can find the setup and programmer's guide at: http://www.transact-tech.com/drivers/series-80. I like this printer because it has a "Hexadecimal Dump" mode that displays received bytes as hex values and equivalent ASCII characters. That mode eliminates the need to convert a byte to ASCII before it prints a hex value. Many other modes, fonts, graphics, etc., available with a few commands via the serial input. The printer has two RJ-45 connectors for cash-drawer outputs, but I haven't used those signals for debugging MCU circuits or code. The outputs on these connectors supply a +24V DC signal under software control (via a serial command), so someone might use them to control a relay, buzzer, solenoid, etc.
On Computing Worst-Case Execution Time
In its early years, Embedded Systems Programming magazine had a very strong anti-vendor bias. They never ran articles or even useful information, other than press releases and ads, from manufacturers. I have always disagreed, thinking that the vendors often know far more about a particular problem than any individual engineer. One does have to strike a balance, of course, between the informational and the self-serving. In response to articles in Muses 261 and 262, Andrew Coombes from Rapita had what I feel are very worthwhile thoughts about figuring worst-case execution time, and in this case their affiliation is helpful: Declaration up front: "I've got a dog in this fight". I work for Rapita Systems who provide a WCET tool based on the hybrid approach (http://www.rapitasystems.com/WCET-Hybrid-Static-and-Measurement), as opposed to AbsInt, who use static analysis for WCET. It's generally not possible to give an exact value for WCET - Despite academic research over the last thirty years, there currently is no way to find the "actual WCET" for any reasonably large piece of code running on a modern processor (especially in the presence of cache, pipelines and increasingly, multicore). Instead, the aim of WCET analysis when applied in the context of real, live, engineering projects must be to find a useful and valid approximation of the actual WCET. Although it seems reasonable to err on the side of caution, performing WCET analysis that is guaranteed never to be optimistic typically results in a predicted WCET value that is so pessimistic that it is of no practical use. For example, if your WCET analysis assumes that every cache access results in a cache miss, either your system will be unable to meet its deadlines or there's no point in deploying your system with the cache enabled. Although the static analysis approach to WCET has been the favoured approach of academia for many years, the use of measurements tends to be the more practical approach, and consequently the approach used by many systems currently in development (and for a large number of deployed systems). In practice, the optimism of a measurement-based approach is reduced by adding a "safety margin". For example, adding 20% to the longest observed execution time. Because of the vast number of possible paths through the code, that could be taken, there is still the concern that you could miss a long execution time. I would be derelict in my job if I didn't mention RapiTime as a tool for supporting the measurement based approach to WCET. It uses measurements of execution time, combined with a model of the code to predict paths through the code that lead to the worst-case execution time. Sources:
* http://www.dit.upm.es/~str/papers/pdf/garrido&13a.pdf (Jorge Garrido, Juan Zamorano, and Juan A. de la Puente, Static analysis of WCET in a satellite software subsystem, 13th International Workshop on Worst-Case Execution Time Analysis (WCET 2013) -- shows static WCET gives a predicted WCET of 72366 cycles vs 8400 cycles for a measured approach
* http://www.rapitasystems.com/blog/goldilocks_wcet - talks about balancing optimism and pessimism
* http://www.rapitasystems.com/blog/determining_the_actual_wcet - Title "What do you mean no-one can tell me what the actual WCET is?
Open Offices
The January issue of The New Yorker has an article titled "The Open-Office Trap" by Maria Konnikova which I recommend for people condemned to an open office arrangement. The article cites studies (unfortunately mostly paywalled) that conclude: Employees in an open office environment feel more laid back and innovative, but in fact their attention spans are degraded as is productivity, creative thinking and satisfaction.
Stress levels are higher and motivation suffers.
One survey of 38k workers found interrupts are productivity-killers, which backs up DeMarco and Lister's work described in the book Peopleware. In fact, DeMarco and Lister found interruptions utterly destroy the productivity of software engineers.
Workers in offices with two people per room take 50% more sick leave than those with private offices; in fully open offices the rate goes to 62%. Generalizing is fraught with peril, but in engineering much of our work is defined by deep individual concentration. Interrupts and high noise levels makes that hard. Open office environments are taking over from the cube farms so many companies use. Robert Propst invented the Action Office, the predecessor to the cube, to reduce interruptions and communications since, in the 60s, most offices featured a big room filled with desks. Propst wanted workers to have individual control over their spaces, and now says "The cubicle-izing of people in modern corporations is monolithic insanity."
Let me know if you're hiring embedded engineers. I reserve the right to edit ads to fit the format and intents of this newsletter. Please keep it to 100 words.
Joke For The Week
Note: These jokes are archived at www.ganssle.com/jokes.htm. David Paulson sent this: "Arguing with an engineer is like wrestling a pig in mud, after a couple hours you realize the pig likes it"
Advertise With Us
Advertise in The Embedded Muse! Over 23,000 embedded developers get this twice-monthly publication. For more information email us at info@ganssle.com.
About The Embedded Muse
As the weather warms up, Charleston's shorelines are beginning to beckon. With so many accessible beaches and coastal getaways, deciding where to keep cool can seem harder than it should. Whether you're a college kid looking to party, an adventurous wilderness seeker, or a family in need of some fun in the sun, Charleston has an ideal beach for you.
Folly Beach
It's no surprise that Folly Beach is the No. 1 choice of college students. After all, it's the only sandy shore that allows drinking on the beach as long as it's in a plastic bottle or cup. No glass bottles or cans are allowed. Once you finish your cooler on the beach, head to one of Folly's many hotspots like Rita's, Woody's, Lost Dog Café, Snapper Jack's, the Crab Shack, and the Drop In Deli. Get your margarita fix at the original Taco Boy or head next door for one of Surf Bar's famous painkillers. For an after-beach snack, check out Tokyo Crepes or head over to Bert's Market, a convenience store that dozes but never closes. Bert's is sure to have whatever you're looking for, be it eggrolls, craft beer, or kitty litter. Folly Liquors is conveniently located right next door.
click to enlarge Jonathan Boncek
Folly Beach is a go-to spot for Lowcountry surfers and sunbathers
Known for its mix of mellowed-out locals, the vibe on Folly is decidedly laid-back. The beach is perfect for games like volleyball, cornhole, Frisbee, or a game of bocce. Surfers flock to the narrow stretch of land known as the Washout, where they can be seen catching waves from sun-up to sun-down, especially on stormy days.
Parking by the Washout can be tricky, just make sure to pay the box on the beach-side of the street or a ticket will no doubt await your return. You can also park at one of the area's beach access points for $1 an hour. Parking is free on the streets, but if you're parking on grass or sand, make sure your tires are not touching any part of the bare road or you will be ticketed. For $8 you can leave your car at the Edwin S. Taylor Fishing Pier, a 1,000-foot beauty jutting out into the Atlantic that's ideal for fishing, bird watching, and taking in the view from "the Edge of America." The pier is also close to restrooms, restaurants, vacation rentals, and the Tides hotel. Unfortunately, the much loved Folly Beach County Park on the west end of the island is now closed to the public.
Dogs must be on a leash at all times. From May 1-Sept. 30, dogs are not allowed on the beach from 10 a.m.-6 p.m.
Sullivan's Island
You won't find hotels, tacky beach stores, or a pier on Sullivan's Island. The richest zip code in South Carolina features a lively main drag called Middle Street that is lined with bars and restaurants, many of which offer outside seating. Chose from Dunleavy's Pub, Fiery Ron's Home Team BBQ, Atlanticville, Taco Mamacita, and the always-slammed Poe's Tavern, a gourmet burger joint that was inspired by the author who called Sullivan's home in 1827.
click to enlarge Jonathan Boncek
The water off Sullivan's is unusually calm
Visit historical Fort Moultrie, located on the east end of the island or choose from one of the many wooded paths that lead down to over three miles of public beaches. The water off of Sullivan's is usually calm, perfect for swimming but not so great for surfing unless you're looking to learn on some baby waves. No swimming is allowed on the two small sides of the island where the currents can be dangerously strong. Sullivan's is also a popular spot for kiteboarding.
All dogs must have a permit, which you can pick up at Town Hall for $35 for visitors ($25 if you're a local), and they're allowed on the beach from May 1-Sept. 30 on-leash from 12 p.m.-5 a.m. and off-leash from 5 a.m.-noon provided your pooch is under voice control. A much-mocked noise ordinance beginning at 11 p.m. also keeps things quiet at Sullivan's.
The island features no true parking lots, but ample parking is allowed along the sides of the streets, as long as there is no sign stating otherwise. In keeping with the small-town feel, there are no public restrooms, lifeguards, or watersport rentals or sales on the beach. There is also no alcohol allowed on the beach, but if you're trying to leave the island between 3-5 p.m., you may as well wait out the traffic with a mean Painkiller at Fiery Ron's.
Isle of Palms
Just a hop, skip, and a jump from the more residential Sullivan's, you'll find the calm, family-friendly Isle of Palms. IOP offers an expansive, sandy six-mile stretch of beach with over 50 access paths. Home to approximately 5,000 full-time residents, IOP also welcomes throngs of vacationers and tourists who flock there year after year.
Unfortunately, there is a reason IOP is a family favorite — it adheres to a strict laundry list of rules. Most notably, the beach adamantly prohibits alcohol. For families, this is good news — it keeps the college riffraff away. Also on the no-no list are glass bottles, fireworks, overnight camping, bonfires, motor vehicles, and jet skis or motorboats near designated swimming areas. Dogs are allowed any hour of the day but must be leashed, except from 5 a.m.-8 a.m. Remember to respect the dunes by using the access paths and, of course, respect the beach by properly disposing of trash.
click to enlarge Jonathan Boncek
The kid-friendly IOP County Park is located just off of the beach
If you plan on digging any holes in the sand, you'll have to fill them back in before sunset. This quirky rule is as much to prevent beachgoers from breaking their necks as it is to protect sea turtles making the mad dash toward the ocean after hatching.
As Lowcountry surfers know all too well, IOP's waves are typically flat. But if you're an adrenaline junkie, you might want to try out the island's watersport of choice: kiteboarding. The windy conditions make kite surfing a lot of fun, but be sure to stay 100 feet from swimmers and 200 feet from the boardwalk's pier.
Parking and public facilities abound, enticing out-of-towners with beachside public restrooms, showers, bars, restaurants, and a happening boardwalk scene.
Two parking lots on Pavilion Drive make access to Front Beach a breeze. The first lot offers handicapped and seasonal parking for those with a decal while the second lot offers daily parking for a nominal fee. You'll also find metered parking on Ocean Boulevard between 10th and 14th avenues, but be sure to find the meter, pay, and leave your receipt in plain sight on your dashboard. You can also park on any roadside right-of-way unless marked otherwise. To avoid getting a ticket, be sure you're not blocking a beach access path and that all four wheels are off the road. Keep in mind that the meter maids patrol from 8 a.m.– 6 p.m. mid-March to early October. There is nothing like a bright yellow parking ticket to ruin your beach-day buzz.
The Pavilion area on IOP turns into a hap pening spot during the warmer months, thanks in part to the handful of beachside bars and restaurants with outdoor patios and live music. Acme Cantina, Banana Cabana, the Windjammer, and Coconut Joe's are just a few of the IOP favorites that offer up that uniquely laid-back, island flavor.
click to enlarge Jonathan Boncek
Adjacent to Front Beach is a quaint stretch of boutique shops where you can stock up on beach-going necessities or treat yourself to a nice, big ice cream cone.
Just on the other side of the island is IOP's city-owned and operated marina. There you'll find launch services, dockage, and fuel, plus plenty of other opportunities for aquatic fun. You can charter fishing boats, go parasailing, rent jet skis, or sign up for an eco-tour of the nearby barrier islands.
Being the vacation destination that it is, IOP has an abundance of lodging options. Choose from an array of condos, hotels, and glamorous beachfront houses available for rent. For an upscale stay, check into IOP's Wild Dunes. A popular spot for weddings, the resort offers full beach access, award-winning golf and tennis facilities, plus a number of on-site restaurants and cafés.
The Outer Beaches
While Folly, Sullivan's, and Isle of Palms are a convenient stone's throw from downtown, Charleston has a number of other sandy-shored destinations worth exploring. From the towns of Seabrook and Kiawah islands to the rustic, laid-back beaches of Edisto, Capers, and Bull islands, Charleston's outer beaches have plenty in store for you.
For fancier frolicking, head to Seabrook or Kiawah, two beaches some 30 miles outside of Charleston. You'll hit Kiawah Island first, home to a luxury golf and beach resort renowned for its wide selection of golf courses and lavish accommodations. Golfers aren't the only ones who delight in what they find there — Kiawah also boasts 10 miles of pristine beaches, extensive acres of marsh, abundant wildlife, exclusive shopping, first-rate tennis facilities, and fine- dining. Privately owned, Kiawah attracts affluent clientele from near and far looking to unwind and indulge. However, the Kiawah Beachwalker Park is open to the public, and it has lifeguards, a snack bar, restrooms, and showers.
Slightly farther out is Seabrook Island, Kiawah's smaller counterpart, where you'll find similar amenities. There is plenty to keep kids occupied — from pools to an arcade. If you're up for spending the dough, you'll find a number of activities at your disposal. Ride horseback along Seabrook's expansive, unspoiled beaches, dine in any of their indoor or outdoor venues, or get a tennis or golf lesson from a seasoned pro.
For something a little less extravagant, Edisto Island is a great option to check out. A scenic 50-mile drive through shady, winding roads leads you to this family-friendly destination. Still relatively uncommercialized, Edisto offers more than three miles of sandy shores, along with options for fishing adventures and tours. The nearby Edisto Beach State Park has camping of all sorts, with 64 oceanfront sites, 33 nestled near the salt marsh, and seven fully furnished cabins available. You'll also find an extensive hiking and biking trail system.
In the opposite direction, out past IOP and Dewees Island, you'll find two barrier islands, Bull and Capers. More for the conservationist, photographer, or true wildlife lover and less for the extravagant resort goer, these destinations offer an untouched look at nature. You can only get there by water, so hop on a ferry, charter a boat, or kayak out to these natural wonders.
As you pull up to Capers Island, don't be shocked if a white-tailed deer darts by or a loggerhead turtle waddles their way up the beach. You'll find plenty of wildlife on this undeveloped island, including raccoons, foxes, alligators, and exotic birds. Boneyard Beach, one of Capers' most popular attractions, has tree skeletons and stumps littering the shore, a result of erosion and weather from years past. If you dare to camp out, you'll need a permit, so be sure to arrange one with the S.C. Department of Natural Resources' Marine Resources Division.
Once a hideout for pirates, Bull Island is now a major attraction for nature lovers. Most people take the Garris Landing Ferry (843-881-4582), which departs in the morning and brings you back in the late afternoon. While you're there, keep an eye out for the rare red wolf; it's born and bred on the island.
After a two-decade run as one of the Internet's most reliable comics websites, one popular reviews site is killing off its community forums after users made rape threats against a female contributor.
If you've been paying any attention at all over the last few years, you've noticed that the issue of women who participate in geek culture has grown so polarizing that it seems rare for a woman to even interact with men in publicly defined geeky spaces without getting harassed, bullied, or worse. And when that woman calls out the ways in which they feel marginalized by comics, games, or other geeky media that erases her, she's likely to be attacked by what feels like an increasingly large contingent of angry fanboys who work together to harass them en masse.
The lead standard for this kind of behavior is, of course, Anita Sarkeesian, whose critique of sexist elements in gaming has made them a consistent target for rape and death threats. But comics culture is no less dangerous than gaming culture for women who participate and then speak out about their treatment.
Last week, a respected comics reviewer named Janelle Asselin took to popular comics review blog Comic Book Resources (CBR) to tackle the blatantly sexist cover of a Teen Titans issue. In response, they were harassed, deluged with rape threats, and even targeted in a campaign where some of the website's male users attempted to hack into their bank account.
Asselin's credibility within the world of comics is considerable. Here's how they described their own resumé in their response to the incident:
I was qualified to write about this cover based not just on decades of reading comics, but a nearly decade-long career in the industry. Among other jobs I've held in comics, I worked for years in the Batman office at DC and worked with a lot of top-tier comics talent. In addition to years of experience actually editing comics, I also have a Masters of Science in Publishing. My entire career, particularly the last five years, has been based around the study of broadening comics readership to wider, more diverse demographics and I am damn well qualified to critique the cover of a comic book.
But naturally, when fanboys got angry at Asselin for pointing out that the teenage girl on the Teen Titans cover is being sexually objectified in a way that the male superheroes on the cover aren't, they decided they had a feminist agenda and needed to be put in their place.
The saddest part about all of this isn't that a woman with two degrees and a decade-long career can't actually do their job without getting dismissed, or that talking about how women and girls are represented in geek media has come to be seen as a “feminist agenda” instead of an issue of fairness, representation, and respect.
No, it's the fact that this kind of interaction happens constantly: A woman does a thing in geek culture, even if it's just talking about ways geek culture portrays women like them in ways that make them feel uncomfortable. Result? They get rape threats. Maybe, as in the case of Bioware's Jennifer Hepler, they have their personal details dredged up so that male fanboys can call them and harass their family. Maybe they eventually quit their job because of it, not unlike the 52 percent of women who abandon tech-related careers, most of whom cite “hostile macho culture” as the top reason.
Fortunately, more and more, the rest of the geek world is fighting back against this kind of polarization. Now, in response to Asselin's harassment, Comic Book Resources has taken a firm, zero-tolerance policy on misogynistic and intolerant comments on its website. It's also completely deleting the longstanding CBR forums because they've bred “negativity and nastiness,” according to CBR's Executive Producer Jonah Weiland:
While I'm proud of what CBR has become, and I believe CBR has some of the best fans in the world, with some of the biggest hearts and most open minds in all fandom, unfortunately, we have had an increasingly loud contingent take root on our forums who refuse to behave in a manner respectful to others. This changes now. There has been a negativity and nastiness that has existed on the CBR forums for too long. …. Effective immediately, in place of the forums will live the new CBR Community, a discussion area that will still facilitate conversation and debate, however passionate — but will show zero tolerance for intimidation or abuse of all members of the community, regardless of gender, race, religion, sexual orientation and gender identification. CBR and all areas of its website and operations will be a safe space for all people, of all levels of involvement. We're starting from scratch, providing everyone with the opportunity to build a new community, together. Rules will be explicit, and once again — we will not tolerate anyone who doesn't want to abide by them.
Weiland's message is clear to anyone who doesn't respect the other people they share geek spaces with:
If you're one of the people who participated in any of these reprehensible acts, my message is simple: You are not welcome anywhere on CBR, and in our opinion, you have no place in the comics industry.
Will this be the kind of solution that will help cure geek culture of the rampant misogyny that has plagued it for far too long? We're hopeful. Seeing misogynists ostracized from geek communities instead of women is a refreshing change for the better.
And at the very least, it will hopefully make it easier for women like Asselin to do their jobs and participate in much-needed discussion about issues in the community without worrying that someone will come along and try to hack their bank account as a result.
Photo via Wikimedia Commons (CC BY-S.A.-3.0)
New to Gallery 7 within The Walt Disney Family Museum is an enlarged display of the Museum's tiny treasures, including several pieces of Walt's unique collection, mentioned in this excerpt from Jim Korkis's book, The Vault of Walt.
Strangely, for a man who always had big dreams, Walt Disney took some of their greatest delight in the world of miniatures. For decades, they both constructed and collected a huge variety of intricate tiny objects. Sometimes those small objects inspired some much larger ideas, including attractions at the Disney theme parks.
It is believed that Walt first seriously worked with miniatures when they helped build a Lionel train layout for their nephew, Roy E. Disney, in the early thirties, working intently on the surrounding landscaping and structures for the train track.
However, Walt's fascination with the magical power of tiny worlds was really launched in 1939, when they saw the famous Thorne exhibit at the Golden Gate International Exposition in San Francisco. Using miniature furnishings and accessories gathered by their uncle during their world travels, Mrs. James Ward Thorne had created exquisite rooms decorated to represent European and American interiors of different eras. It was said that the rooms were so perfectly crafted that viewing them was like becoming miniaturized and then entering another time. Needless to say, they captured Walt's imagination completely.
In the late forties, Walt merged their love of trains with their love of miniature making to build a small-scale railroad, the “Carolwood Pacific,” that steamed around the backyard of their home on Carolwood Drive. They were especially proud of the bright yellow caboose, with its diminutive oil lamps, brass doorknobs, and actual working spring latches.
Walt painstakingly crafted a pint-sized potbellied stove for the caboose as well. “I had a pattern made up, and it turned out so cute with the grate, shaker and door, and all the little working parts, I became intrigued with the idea,” Walt wrote. “I had a few made up: one was bronze, another black, and I even made a gold one! Then we made more and started painting them in motifs that fitted the period at the turn of the century.”
Each of these 5 1/2" inch tall stoves had a different design, and eventually about one hundred were made. Walt gave some to friends, and even sent some to an antique gift shop in New York where, to Walt's delight, Mrs. Thorne themselves purchased two to add to their renowned collection, the same collection that had inspired Walt's hobby. They sold for $25 each and Walt made no special effort to market them or make a profit. They were just curious to see if there was any interest and by 1957, the supply was depleted.
“It has been fun making them and others appreciate them, too, so all in all, I feel well repaid,” said Walt.
Walt began seriously collecting miniatures during their European travels, bringing home countless tiny objects of glass, wood, china, and metal. In a letter to a friend in 1951, Walt wrote: “My hobby is a lifesaver. When I work with these small objects, I become so absorbed that the cares of the studio fade away…at least for a time.”
When Walt's collection was inventoried in the mid-sixties, the listing was more than a thousand items including paintings and books such as the Holy Bible, Tennyson's Poetical Works, A Miniature History of England and eighteen volumes of the plays of William Shakespeare. There were musical instruments such as three banjos, a mandolin, a guitar and an organ, crafted by conductor Frederick Stark. A set of dueling pistols was near a leather case inscribed “The Colt Story in Miniature,” that had fourteen six-shooters. There were eleven classic cars, including a 1915 Model T Ford, 1903 Cadillac, 1904 Rambler, and a 1911 Rolls-Royce. Walt also displayed a model battleship and steamboat.
However, just collecting these tiny treasures was not enough for Walt. They wanted to create an entire miniature world. In the early fifties, they asked animator Ken Anderson to draw twenty-four scenes of life in an old Western town. Walt planned to carve tiny figures and build the scenes in miniature. When they had made enough, they would send them out as a traveling exhibit.
Walt told Anderson: “I'm tired of having everybody else around here do the drawing and the painting. I'm going to do something creative myself. I'm going to put you on my personal payroll, and I want you to draw twenty-four scenes of life in an old Western town. Then I'll carve the figures and make the scenes in miniature. When we get enough of them made, we'll send them out as a traveling exhibit. We'll get an office here at the studio and you and I will be the only ones who'll have keys.”
Walt immediately put advertisements in newspapers and hobby magazines seeking vintage miniatures of all kinds for their tableaus. Fearing prices would soar, Walt asked their two secretaries at the time, Kathryn Gordon and Dolores Voght Scott, to use their names in the advertisements rather than announcing that Disney was looking for these items.
Several newspapers and hobby magazines carried the ad: “WANTED: Anything in miniatures to a scale of 1 ½” to the foot or under. Up to and including early 1900's. Give full description and price. Private collector. K. Gordon (and their address).”
Besides pixie-sized furniture, Walt collected miniscule tableware including delicate Limoges and Haviland tea services, small Toby Jugs, sky-blue Wedgwood pitchers as well as washing bowls of willowware, Bennington crocks, and jars. Sparkling wine and perfume bottles, drinking glasses smaller than thimbles, several sets of silverware fit for fairy queens, silver tea services, and a candelabra as delicate as a cobweb completed the collection.
Walt spent countless hours carefully constructing the first of their tiny tableaus. The first scene, entitled “Granny Kincaid's Cabin” was based on a set from their live-action feature, So Dear to My Heart (1949).
The cabin was exhibited at the Festival of California Living at the Pan Pacific Auditorium in Los Angeles from November 28 to December 7, 1952. A press release announced that it represented the beginning of Walt's new miniature Americana exhibit, entitled “Disneylandia.”
“This little cabin is part of a project I am working on, and it was exhibited as a test to obtain the public's reaction to my plans for a complete village,” Walt explained in a 1953 interview. With the public's positive reaction as encouragement, Walt once again returned to their workbench and the miniscule hammers, screwdrivers, clamps and magnifying glasses that were part of a miniature-maker's craft.
Gradually two more small tableaus took shape. One was a music hall stage complete with a one-eighth scale, three-dimensional, tap-dancing vaudevillian, called “Project Little Man.”
In June 1951, Walt and their team of designers and technicians began work on a third miniature display—a traditional barbershop quartet crooning "Sweet Adeline." The scene would include a barber, customer in a chair and two more patrons waiting. Again, live actors were filmed for reference. “We got as far as building the guy in the chair and the barber,” Imagineer Roger Broggie recalled. “Then the whole job was stopped!”
Walt became convinced that only a limited audience would be able to view these tableaus and they would be unable to generate the necessary income to pay for their continued maintenance. Disneylandia grew to become Disneyland. As Broggie recalled, Walt said, “We're going to do this thing for real!”
In 1953, the sales pitch for Disneyland that Roy O. Disney took to New York to raise money for the building of the theme park included a description of this never-built land that would have been located between Tomorrowland and Fantasyland:
“Lilliputian Land. A land of Little Things…a miniature Americana village inhabited by mechanical people nine inches high who sing and dance and talk to you as you peek through the windows of their tiny shops and homes. In Lilliputian Land, there is an Erie Canal barge that takes you through the famous canals of the world, where you visit the scenic wonders of the world in miniature.
“Here a little diamond-stack locomotive engine seventeen inches high steams into the tiny railroad station. You sit on top of the Pullman coaches like Gulliver, and the little nine inch engineer pulls back the throttle taking you on the biggest little ride in the land. And for the little people who have little appetites—you can get miniature ice cream cones, or the world's smallest hot-dog on a tiny bun.”
While Lilliputian Land, like many of Walt's other original ideas for Disneyland, was never developed, Disneyland did showcase a small sized Storybook Land in Fantasyland. Each structure was built with the same meticulous attention to detail that Walt lavished on their own miniatures.
Imagineer Ken Anderson, who designed Storybook Land, said they quickly discovered that it was “one of Walt's favorite rides. He'd make frequent visits to the model shop at the Burbank studio to provide comments and their expertise on the miniature models.” Eventually, shelves were built on two walls and enclosed by glass doors in Walt's office suite at the Disney Studio to showcase their amazing miniature collection. For Walt, good things did indeed sometimes come in small packages.
© Jim Korkis, all rights reserved. Published with permission.
JIM KORKIS is an internationally-respected Disney Historian who has written hundreds of article and done hundreds of presentations on all things Disney for more than thirty years.  They are the author of the acclaimed new book, The Vault of Walt. Their extensive expertise and knowledge, particularly in previously-unexplored areas of Disney history, has been utilized by many other researchers as well as The Walt Disney Company itself. Jim will be hosting a special presentation at The Walt Disney Family Museum on July 23, 2011.
THE VAULT OF WALT is a highly-praised recently-published book featuring more than 450 pages of previously untold stories about Walt Disney himself, the Disney theme parks, the Disney films as well as many out-of-the-ordinary and forgotten stories of Disney history. The Vault of Waltis both a valuable supplement to any Disney fan's personal library and an entertaining introduction to the many worlds of Walt. It features a foreword by Diane Disney Miller, who praises the writing as “honest, and well written…so authentic, so true to my dad's spirit, so unprejudiced and non-judgmental that as I read it I could see the twinkle in dad's eye, hear their laugh.”
WOODSIDE, Calif. -- Can the most famous child in the world grow up emotionally unscarred?
Is it possible for the winsome waif with 56 golden curls to grow up at all?
What happens afterward to someone who was the most popular movie star in America at the age of 7, who received 167,000 presents for their 8th birthday, who was offered forbidden chewing gum by Amelia Earhart and found J. Edgar Hoover's the most comfortable of the 200 adult laps into which they were pulled?
Shirley Temple's 7-year-old granddaughter turns cartwheels in the living room of the two-story Tudor house in northern California where Shirley Temple Black has lived for more than 30 years.
"It's between you and the dog for the leftovers," says their husband of 38 years, Charles Black. Dinner, nightly, is at 5:30, but the former child star has missed the beef stew because of an interview.
At 60, Temple has published an autobiography titled Child Star (McGraw Hill) that ends in 1955, after the birth of their third child.
It took their eight years to write the book, working in longhand in the pool house where their parents lived until they died, their mother in 1977 and their father in 1980.
"There have been 12 biographies of me over the last 15 or 20 years," they say.
"I wanted to set my personal record straight for my family. My mother has never been drawn correctly. There are two themes to my story: the great love I had for my profession and the great love I had for my mother."
The book is candid, clear-eyed, a social history of Hollywood between the Depression and World War II, with an MGM producer, Arthur Freed, exposing themselves to the 12-year-old Shirley at the same time their boss, L.B. Mayer, was pulling their mother down on their white couch.
There are a few revelations: the verbal abuse by their heavy-drinking first husband, John Agar, and, most shockingly, the frittering away of their fortune by their father.
Of the $3.21 million they had earned, all that was left in their name when they married Charles Black in 1950 was $44,000 in cash and the deed to the $45,000 dollhouse that had become the Agars' honeymoon cottage. Them father had even failed to make payments to a court-ordered trust.
"I blame what happened on the fact my father left school in the seventh grade," Temple says. "The culprit was their business partner."
They could have sued but didn't. They could have demanded the house their father had put in their own name. Instead they did nothing.
In their autobiography they write about their feelings at the discovery: "Avoid piggish action. Until death removes any chance of embarrassment to the living, neither word nor gesture."
A solid woman with the no-nonsense manner of a schoolmarm, Temple says of their childhood: "If I had it to do all over again, I wouldn't change anything. I probably would have paid for the pleasure of working." There is a short pause and then, in a snort of laughter, "I did!"
This wry, brisk acceptance of life with all its unhappy accidents is no facade. "I've always been bossy," they say. "And I find humor in the oddest places."
Of their 1972 operation for breast cancer, they say: "I felt great before the operation. I felt great afterward. I lost an old friend. A bosom buddy, so to speak. Though I do miss wearing beautiful nightgowns."
Charles Black, who was dropped from the Social Register for marrying an actor, sits in faded blue jeans with torn knees and appraises their wife:
"Over 38 years I have participated in their life 24 hours a day through thick and thin, traumatic situations, exultant situations, and I feel they have only one personality. They would be catastrophic for the psychiatric profession. You can wake them up in the middle of the night and they have the same personality everybody knows. What everybody has seen for 60 years is the bedrock."
Temple has a three-part explanation for their survival. It starts, as everything does, with their mother: "I was absolutely bathed in love."
Second, they say, "I was so young, starting at age 3, that working seemed very normal. I thought everybody went to work."
When any of the two dozen children in "Baby Burlesks" shorts misbehaved, they were locked in a black sound box. They say:
"Being in that black box with a cake of ice taught me very quickly that Time Is Money. It's work, not play, and you learn to be obedient or something bad happens to you.
"By the time I got to the Fox studio for my first major film, I knew how to hit a mark. I knew how to memorize lines. I knew how to pay attention."
Then, through their years of stardom at Fox, they say they were insulated by "the wisdom" of their first studio head, Winfield Sheehan, who isolated their tiny star in their own bungalow, refusing to allow them even to eat in the commissary because, as they recall their feelings, "She'll become a smart aleck, a little adult, and she'll be no more use on the screen."
Once they slipped out of the polka dot dresses and white tap shoes ("I only wore brown shoes when I was an orphan"), the real Shirley Temple was an entrepreneur who rented their rabbits to the studio for a dollar apiece; a realist who buried the six bunnies who had died in a sudden storm; and a tomboy who practiced for hours with their slingshot and whose favorite movie was Wee Willie Winkie because they got to drill with a wooden rifle and run across a road in front of a pack of horses.
In the same common-sense fashion, they never considered manufacturing the usual celebrity autobiography "as told to" a professional writer. "It's my life," they say. "If I can't put it down myself ...!"
They took the first draft to a friend, novelist Wallace Stegner.
"It's not a book," they told them "It's a cavalcade of anecdotes. There's a lot of gold but it hasn't been mined."
They wrote seven more drafts and spent a whole year doing research on Shirley Temple.
"Mother had two secretaries working eight-hour days answering fan mail and keeping scrapbooks," Temple says. "For example, the actual date when Mussolini's son came to the studio was in one of the scrapbooks."
When they retired at the age of 22, they spent the next 19 years as a mother, a wife and a volunteer. Then they spent 19 years in public service.
WASHINGTON – Think of the last time an anonymous think-piece captured the imagination of the public so completely, the server hosting the article melted down.
Rush Limbaugh calls the commentary “a nuclear bomb.”
And it starts like this, with the Never-Trumpers in the Republican Party the target of the indictment: “2016 is the Flight 93 election: charge the cockpit or you die. You may die anyway. You – or the leader of your party – may make it into the cockpit and not know how to fly or land the plane. There are no guarantees. Except one: if you don't try, death is certain. To compound the metaphor: a Hillary Clinton presidency is Russian Roulette with a semi-auto. With Trump, at least you can spin the cylinder and take your chances.”
Authored by “Publius Decius Mus” and published by the Claremont Institute in California, the article has social media ablaze after Limbaugh quoted widely from it, something they seldom does, and hailed it as explosive analysis key to the election of 2016. It's also a wholesale indictment of conservatism over the last 30 years.
Like the reporting you see here? Sign up for free news alerts from WND.com, America's independent news network.
Publius, whoever they or they are, may have just made it very difficult to make the intellectual case for the Never-Trump movement.
For those who can't get past the server logjam, here are some juicy outtakes:
“[T]hose most horrified by Trump are the least willing to consider the possibility that the republic is dying.”
“If you're among the subspecies conservative intellectual or politician, you've accepted – perhaps not consciously, but unmistakably – your status on the roster of the Washington Generals of American politics. Your job is to show up and lose, but you are a necessary part of the show and you do get paid.”
“Let's be very blunt here: if you genuinely think things can go on with no fundamental change needed, then you have implicitly admitted that conservatism is wrong. Wrong philosophically, wrong on human nature, wrong on the nature of politics, and wrong in its policy prescriptions. Because, first, few of those prescriptions are in force today. Second, of the ones that are, the left is busy undoing them, often with conservative assistance. And, third, the whole trend of the West is ever-leftward, ever further away from what we all understand as conservatism.”
“All of Trump's 16 Republican competitors would have ensured more of the same – as will the election of Hillary Clinton. That would be bad enough. But at least Republicans are merely reactive when it comes to wholesale cultural and political change. Their ‘opposition' may be in all cases ineffectual and often indistinguishable from support. But they don't dream up inanities like 32 ‘genders,' elective bathrooms, single-payer, Iran sycophancy, ‘Islamophobia,' and Black Lives Matter. They merely help ratify them.”
“A Hillary presidency will be pedal-to-the-metal on the entire Progressive-left agenda, plus items few of us have yet imagined in our darkest moments. Nor is even that the worst. It will be coupled with a level of vindictive persecution against resistance and dissent hitherto seen in the supposedly liberal West only in the most ‘advanced' Scandinavian countries and the most leftist corners of Germany and England.”
“For two generations at least, the Left has been calling everyone to their right Nazis. This trend has accelerated exponentially in the last few years, helped along by some on the Right who really do seem to merit – and even relish – the label. There is nothing the modern conservative fears more than being called ‘racist,' so alt-right pocket Nazis are manna from heaven for the Left. But also wholly unnecessary: sauce for the goose. The Left was calling us Nazis long before any pro-Trumpers tweeted Holocaust denial memes. And how does one deal with a Nazi – that is, with an enemy one is convinced intends your destruction? You don't compromise with them or leave them alone. You crush him.”
“On trade, globalization, and war, Trump is to the left (conventionally understood) not only of their own party, but of their Democratic opponent. And yet the Left and the junta are at one with the house-broken conservatives in their determination – desperation – not merely to defeat Trump but to destroy him. What gives?”
“Oh, right – there's that other issue. The sacredness of mass immigration is the mystic chord that unites America's ruling and intellectual classes. Their reasons vary somewhat. The Left and the Democrats seek ringers to form a permanent electoral majority. They, or many of them, also believe the academic-intellectual lie that America's inherently racist and evil nature can be expiated only through ever greater ‘diversity.' The junta of course craves cheaper and more docile labor. It also seeks to legitimize, and deflect unwanted attention from, its wealth and power by pretending that its open borders stance is a form of noblesse oblige. The Republicans and the ‘conservatives'? Both of course desperately want absolution from the charge of ‘racism.' For the latter, this at least makes some sense. No Washington General can take the court – much less cash their check – with that epithet dancing over their head like some Satanic Spirit.”
“This is insane. This is the mark of a party, a society, a country, a people, a civilization that wants to die. Trump, alone among candidates for high office in this or in the last seven (at least) cycles, has stood up to say: I want to live. I want my party to live. I want my country to live. I want my people to live. I want to end the insanity.”
“Trump's vulgarity is in fact a godsend to the conservatives. It allows them to hang their public opposition on their obvious shortcomings and to ignore or downplay their far greater strengths, which should be even more obvious but in corrupt times can be deliberately obscured by constant references to their faults. That the Left would make the campaign all about the latter is to be expected. Why would the Right? Some – a few – are no doubt sincere in their belief that the man is simply unfit for high office. David Frum, who has always been an immigration skeptic and is a convert to the less-war position, is sincere when they say that, even though they agree with much of Trump's agenda, they cannot stomach Trump. But for most of the other #NeverTrumpers, is it just a coincidence that they also happen to favor Invade the World, Invite the World?”
The answer to the subsidiary question – will it work? – is much less clear. By ‘it' I mean Trumpism, broadly defined as secure borders, economic nationalism, and America-first foreign policy. We Americans have chosen, in our foolishness, to disunite the country through stupid immigration, economic, and foreign policies. The level of unity America enjoyed before the bipartisan junta took over can never be restored. But we can probably do better than we are doing now. First, stop digging. No more importing poverty, crime, and alien cultures. We have made institutions, by leftist design, not merely abysmal at assimilation but abhorrent of the concept. We should try to fix that, but given the Left's iron grip on every school and cultural center, that's like trying to bring democracy to Russia. A worthy goal, perhaps, but temper your hopes – and don't invest time and resources unrealistically. By contrast, simply building a wall and enforcing immigration law will help enormously, by cutting off the flood of newcomers that perpetuates ethnic separatism and by incentivizing the English language and American norms in the workplace. These policies will have the added benefit of aligning the economic interests of, and (we may hope) fostering solidarity among, the working, lower middle, and middle classes of all races and ethnicities. The same can be said for Trumpian trade policies and anti-globalization instincts. Who cares if productivity numbers tick down, or if our already somnambulant GDP sinks a bit further into its pillow? Nearly all the gains of the last 20 years have accrued to the junta anyway. It would, at this point, be better for the nation to divide up more equitably a slightly smaller pie than to add one extra slice—only to ensure that it and eight of the other nine go first to the government and its rentiers, and the rest to the same four industries and 200 families.”
“The election of 2016 is a test – in my view, the final test – of whether there is any virtù left in what used to be the core of the American nation. If they cannot rouse themselves simply to vote for the first candidate in a generation who pledges to advance their interests, and to vote against the one who openly boasts that they will do the opposite (a million more Syrians, anyone?), then they are doomed. They may not deserve the fate that will befall them, but they will suffer it regardless.”
Yes, it has set off a firestorm of controversy – and, some would say, clarity – about the high stakes of the 2016 election.
Sen. Bill Nelson Clarence (Bill) William Nelson2020 party politics in Puerto Rico There is no winning without Latinos as part of your coalition Dem 2020 candidates court Puerto Rico as long nomination contest looms MORE (D-Fla.) is chiding those who reject the science behind climate change in the aftermath of Hurricane Irma.
Nelson drew a link between climate change and Irma during an interview with Politico on Tuesday, saying global warming played a part in the storm's intensity.
“It's denying reality,” Nelson said.
“You can call it politics or whatever, but the Earth is getting hotter. This storm is another reminder of what we're going to have to deal with in the future.”
ADVERTISEMENT
Nelson also said climate change will be an "important issue" in their reelection campaign.
Their comments come after Irma tore through Florida, leaving millions of people without power.
Millions were ordered to evacuate ahead of the storm and Florida opened hundreds of shelters.
Officials are now starting to assess the damage left in Irma's path.
President Trump and first lady Melania Trump are expected to travel to Florida Thursday to survey the damage.
Share. Shazam has a new support team backing them up. Shazam has a new support team backing them up.
With the release of Justice League: The Darkseid War - Shazam #1, DC offered a closer look at how Earth's Mightiest Mortal has been changed after becoming "the god of gods."
Warning: this article contains spoilers for Justice League: The Darkseid War - Shazam #1!
Billy Batson had to grapple with an entire different set of powers in this issue. Whereas he's always been able to call on "the Wisdom of Solomon," "the Strength of Hercules" and so forth, Billy now has a new set of gods lending them their gifts. As if that weren't enough, Billy had to face off with a new foe in the form of Zonuz, the so-called "original god of evil."
It wasn't long before Billy met Zonuz face to face and learned their real name - Yuga Khan, the father of Darkseid. With their son dead at the hands of the Anti-Monitor, Yuga Khan is now free to wreak havoc on the universe once again.
Or so they thought. Billy quickly mustered their new powers and showed Zonuz why he's known as "Earth's Mightiest Mortal." Not only was Zonuz defeated, the villain is now forced to bestow their power to Billy as the sixth member of the new Team Shazam. We wonder how Darkseid would feel about their dad helping out the enemy.
Maybe we'll find out before The Darkseid War is over. Given that this huge storyline is named for the iconic DC villain, it seems hard to believe we've really seen the last of the Lord of Apokolips. If Darkseid does return, having Yuga Khan at their beck and call may just give Shazam the edge they need in battle.
For the record, the final page of this issue spells out exactly which gods combine to form the power of the all-new Shazam. Our hero has lost their speed and flight, but he's gained some interesting new abilities in their place:
In case you missed it, this week's other Darkseid War tie-in chronicled a startling transformation for Green Lantern.
Jesse is a mild-mannered writer for IGN. Allow them to lend a machete to your intellectual thicket by following @jschedeen on Twitter, or Kicksplode on MyIGN.
‘Dead Island' Trailer is Stunningly Haunting
It isn't often that I get hooked by a trailer. I'm a cynic, you see, and by their design trailers or promos are designed specifically to pull at your heart strings and get you excited about something. Then, ultimately, they more often than not disappoint because the trailer is so misleading and the actual thing it's promoting, be it a movie or videogame or what have you, is never as good (*cough-cough* original Phantom Menace trailer *cough-cough*).
But in this case, I don't think it matters.
Because while yes, this is a trailer, it is just so beautifully done, so artful, so moving, I was completely captivated.
And the best part is it doesn't really make me want to play the game.
The new trailer for Dead Island, a first-person shooter pitting you against zombies on a beautiful island resort, could very well be the worst videogame in the world. Or even the best. I don't care. What I know is that they have developed what I think is one of the greatest videogame promos I've seen in years.
Set to a haunting piano solo ripped straight out of Lost, and using a wonderful mix of sound and silence, the trailer is more like a short film about a tragic vacation than an advertisement for a videogame. I don't really want to get into the details because you should experience it for yourself, so watch the video below. But it's a cinematic wonder, one that I can't imagine you won't want to watch more than once.
Now, there are rumblings of distaste for this piece of promotional material. The use of a child's death to advertise a videogame has become the focus, and whether or not it is appropriate.
I'll be honest, that never even occurred to me as I watched it. As a father of two younglings, you'd think it would. But it didn't, and do you know why?
Because it's not a child. It's a digital creation of a non-existent character. It's a videogame. It's not reality. And to be honest, kids being turned into mindless zombies and getting killed is nothing new, as anyone familiar with zombie lore would know.
A child was featured in the mother that gave birth to the genre, Night of the Living Dead. And most recently it was featured in the opening moments of the gloriously well-done The Walking Dead series on AMC. Zombieland had undead kids, as did both the original Dawn of the Dead in 1978 and its 2004 remake.
Let's also consider that this videogame is not for children. It's not being marketed for kids, and I would imagine that parents wouldn't be letting their little ones view this bloody bit of animated beauty.
I'm not completely insensitive, however. I can see how people would view this as perhaps disagreeable. But at the same time, while yes it is created to pimp out a videogame, it's done tastefully and artistically. The Dead Island trailer while merely a bit of advertising does not treat the subject matter of a child's death lightly, and presents it in a tragic, dramatic and moving fashion.
I'd go so far as to say it's not just a commercial… it's art.
Arsenal named six academy products on their bench with an average age of just 18 for their Champions League victory at Galatasaray.
Three of them - Gedion Zelalem, Ainsley Maitland-Niles and Stefan O'Connor - got on to the field for the Gunners.
Here, Sportsmail takes a look at how the youngsters performed during Tuesday night's 4-1 victory...
Aaron Ramsey watches on as their half-volley flies towards the Galatasaray goal during the first half
Gedion Zelalem (17, midfielder, German) - Played 45 minutes
ZELALEM MATCH FACTS Minutes played: 45 Total passes: 44 (40 completed) Pass completion rate: 90.9 per cent Accurate forward-half passes: 15 Forward-half pass completion: 83.3 per cent Recoveries: 4 Fouls: 1
The young German's introduction to this match came somewhat under the radar after they replaced Mathieu Flamini just before the half-time interval. However, they showed some promising glimpses during the second half.
They looked composed on the ball, tidy in possession, as well as strong and physical. It appears they could slot into the team seamlessly in defensive midfield - having completed 90.9 per cent of their 44 passes during the second half.
On saying that, the 17-year-old could not have asked for a better game to be introduced into with it already done and dusted at 3-0 by the time they arrived on to the field.
Gedion Zelalem (right) holds off the challenge of Galatasaray's Wesley Sneijder on Tuesday night
This was Zelalem's second appearance for the Gunners, although their first in the Champions League, having come on as a substitute during the FA Cup tie with Coventry City in January.
 They are a German Under 17 international, as well as being a regular in the Arsenal Under 21 and Under 19 sides.
Zelalem could well find themselves as a consistent replacement for Arsenal in a position they are severely lacking in.
Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger (left) talks to Zelalem in training ahead of the match
Ainsley Maitland-Niles (17, winger, English) - Played 45 minutes
MAITLAND-NILES MATCH FACTS Minutes played: 45 Total passes: 29 (27 completed) Pass completion rate: 93.1 per cent Accurate forward-half passes: 8 Forward-half pass completion: 80 per cent Tackles: 3 Fouls: 1
Maitland-Niles came on at half-time for Aaron Ramsey to make their full professional debut having been an unused substitute in the defeat at Stoke City - and in the process they became their second-youngest ever representative in the Champions League.
Aged 17 years and 102 days, only Jack Wilshere (aged 16 years and 239 days when they made their debut) has appeared at a younger age in Europe for the Gunners.
Unfortunately for the youngster, Arsenal's fluidity and intensity slacked off in the second half as they eased off the gas.
Ainsley Maitland-Niles, also 17, came on for their competitive debut for Arsenal on Tuesday night
That said, they still looked extremely confident for one so young and did not look over-awed by the occasion.
They completed a remarkable 93.1 per cent of their 29 attempted passes - including playing a couple of nice through-balls to release Joel Campbell as the game became stretched late on.
Unorthodox for a winger, but Maitland-Niles also provided an important clearance from a dangerous Galatasaray attack.  They are renowned for their pace and crossing ability, but unfortunately had little-to-no opportunity to show it on Tuesday night.
The winger (right) and Hector Bellerin (left) both challenge Bruma of Galatasaray for the ball
Stefan O'Connor (17, defender, English) - Played 13 minutes
O'CONNOR MATCH FACTS Minutes played: 13 Total passes: 7 (6 completed) Pass completion rate: 85.7 per cent Accurate forward-half passes: 2 Forward-half pass completion: 100 per cent Clearances: 3 Fouls: 0
The commanding centre back barely had an opportunity to prove how invaluable they could be to an Arsenal first team severely lacking in power and leadership.
However, for the 13 minutes they were on the field after replacing Mathieu Debuchy, O'Connor did not put a single foot wrong.
In fact, the 17-year-old made three clearances - including a vital one just before Wesley Sneijder was about to unleash a shot from the edge of the area - and contributed a few nice passes too.
 They are already a regular in Arsenal's Under 21 team and has excelled in the UEFA Youth League.
O'Connor has also been capped for England at Under 17 level and is seen by Arsenal as a real defensive prospect for the future.
Stefan O'Connor (second right) challenges for the ball during Arsenal's match against Galatasaray
Many of us immediately recall memories of mountains and hillside when we look back upon family vacations and scenic landscape. We sometimes forget, however, the incredible impact that nature has had on the planet over time. The natural erosion of the earth, caused by winds and harsh weathers, has resulted in the creation of some of the most incredible rock formations on the globe.
The next time you plan a vacation, include one or two of these breathtaking destinations on your list of things to see. These spectacular rock formations will leave you ready to hunt for more.
1. Rock Formations Image
2. Rock Formations Image
3. Rock Formations Image
4. Rock Formations Image
5. Rock Formations Image
6. Rock Formations Image
7. Rock Formations Image
8. Rock Formations Image
9. Rock Formations Image
Frédéric Bastiat: Campaigner for Free Trade, Political Economist, and Politician in a Time of Revolution
BOOK FORUM
Friday, October 14, 2011
Noon (Luncheon to Follow)
Featuring David Hart, Editor, The Collected Works of Frédéric Bastiat, Vol. 1 (Liberty Fund, 2011); moderated by Jason Kuznicki, Editor, Cato Unbound.
Atlas Economic Research Foundation, 1st Floor Conference Room
1201 L Street N.W., Washington D.C., 20005
Watch the Event in QuickTime (M4V)
Download a Podcast of the Event (MP3)
Frédéric Bastiat was a pivotal figure in French classical liberalism in the mid-19th century. They suddenly emerged from the southwest province of Les Landes to assume leadership of the fledgling French free trade movement in 1844, which they modelled on that of Richard Cobden's Anti-Corn Law League in England. Bastiat then turned to a brilliant career as an economic journalist, debunking the myths and misconceptions people held on protectionism in particular and government intervention in general, which they called "sophisms" or "fallacies." When revolution broke out in February 1848, Bastiat was elected twice to the Chamber of Deputies where they served on the powerful Finance Committee and struggled to bring government expenditure under control. They confounded their political opponents with their consistent libertarianism: they denounced the socialists for their economic policies, but they took to the streets to prevent the military from shooting them during the riots that broke out in June 1848. Until their untimely death in 1850, Bastiat was an indefatigable foe of political privilege, unaccountable monarchical power, the newly emergent socialist movement, and above all, the vested interests benefited from economic protectionism. They were a giant of 19th century classical liberalism, and Liberty Fund is publishing a six-volume collection of their work.
Due to the high volume of responses we have received for this event we have reached the facility's capacity and are unable to accommodate additional registrations. However, videos are usually available 24 hours after the event. You can find the archived video online at https://www.cato.org/events/archive.html. Our great thanks for your interest in our programs.
Printer Friendly Version
During Dwyane Wade's rookie season, way back in 2003-04, they found themselves matched against the chatty Baron Davis.
Davis, then with the New Orleans Hornets, kept giving Wade pointers throughout the game — when to fight over a screen, the best angle to exploit a pick-and-roll, experienced stuff.
Wade, back then a quieter type, couldn't believe it.
But a few games later, there was New Jersey Nets guard Jason Kidd doing the same thing.
"I grew up with guys giving me their knowledge," Wade said in an interview with the Tribune. "I remember KG (Kevin Garnett) pulling me aside and giving me their knowledge after we played Minnesota my first time. That's what I do for guys on other teams now but especially my teammates. I'm going to give them the knowledge I have, whether they want it or not. I feel it's my duty to pass it along.
"Because this game continues to be amazing."
It may always be jarring to see Wade in their hometown uniform of the Bulls, their familiar No. 3 first gracing the United Center court in a regular-season game in Thursday's opener against the Celtics. Their decision to leave the Heat after 13 seasons, 12 All-Star appearances, three championships and an identity forever linked to South Florida still has lingering shock effect.
But this is a different Dwyane Wade for reasons beyond their uniform changing. The Robbins, Ill., native doesn't know how much longer they will play after signing a two-year, $47 million deal with a player option in July.
But the future Hall of Famer, who will turn 35 in January, can at least recognize the end is near, that he's on the back nine.
And that's why, after taking some time to process their stunning decision, they began to embrace the Bulls for reasons beyond basketball. They can further affect a community they kept ties to even while starring for the Heat. They can try to move an organization they cared for so deeply as a kid back to respectability.
A look at the 2016-17 Bulls, with commentary by the Tribune's K.C. Johnson.
Wade can still play a little, too, evidenced by their 19 points-per-game scoring average over 74 games and their turn-back-the-clock performance during a dominant, two-series performance in the postseason. But above all, Wade can serve as a model leader for a 14-man roster that features eight new faces.
"At 34, I know I'm not making this decision in 2010," Wade said, referencing their free-agent dalliance with the Bulls before the Heat brought LeBron James and Chris Bosh to Miami and four straight NBA Finals trips followed. "I know I'm not making it at an age where I could be up for MVP in a season, right? So I know that me coming here is bigger than even what I'm going to do on the basketball floor.
"I know that my leadership in the locker room and in practice and behind closed doors is probably going to be more important than what I do on the court. No matter if I go out and average 20 a night, I still think the tone I try to set is going to be carried even when I'm not here. That was my goal.
The best and worst scenarios for how the upcoming season will play out for all 30 NBA teams -- the top outcome they can realistically dream of, and the fiery abyss that awaits them if the season falls off a cliff. -- The Washington Post
"Even when I'm done playing, what I did here, I want it to still stand. I want it to be like, 'Hey, this is how it's done here.' I would love this organization to get back to having that opportunity to win year after year."
After all, that's the Bulls identity Wade learned as a kid. They still remember sitting cross-legged on the floor as a 9-year-old, watching Scottie Pippen smother Magic Johnson defensively and Michael Jordan defer in the fourth quarter of Game 5 to John Paxson, who hit jumper after jumper to seal the first of six Bulls championships in 1991.
Wade remembers turning to their brothers and saying that's what they wanted to be when they grew up. And the Bulls were the team they wanted to do it with.
"All those moments in the backyard in Chicago, I always envisioned myself playing with the Bulls," Wade said, smiling at the memory. "I used to talk to myself all the time. Jordan never got the last shot. I always did."
Until late afternoon on the July 6 night they committed to signing, the Bulls didn't think Wade was coming. Management believed Wade would return to the Heat because that's always what Wade did.
But Wade was serious. And they appreciated Jimmy Butler reaching out to them during the decision-making process.
"It's crazy because they and I think so much alike — even when we're joking around or on the court," Butler said. "But I've learned so much from them just the way they go about things, getting ready for the game. He's watching, nitpicking film. You've got to want to be perfect in everything to be really good at your craft. I'm telling you, the way they get their body right, watching film on themselves and others, it's something everyone around the league can learn from."
Those who have known Wade the longest say their ability to assess and assimilate is one of their underrated attributes.
"He's smart enough to know what situation he's in," said their stepbrother Demetris McDaniel, themselves a standout player at Richards before Dwyane. "After they came off that first Finals in Dallas (in 2011) when they averaged 26 a game, they knew they were a great player. But they knew they had to make sure LeBron was comfortable. That's what they do. He's going to come in and make sure Jimmy is comfortable."
Early in their career, Wade said they preferred to lead by example. They cited Shaquille O'Neal for being instrumental in helping them find their voice, display some swagger.
Last November millions of people cast a presidential ballot for Republican Donald Trump after having voted for their Democratic predecessor, Barack Obama. According to one poll, nearly 20 percent of people who voted for Trump said they approved of the job that Obama was doing at the time.
Given how completely different Trump and Obama are in terms of personality and policy, political scientists have been at work trying to figure out what was going through the heads of these voters who had formerly voted for the Democrat. Lots of interesting research has been pushed out and more continues to be distributed almost every week.
Advertisement:
Washington Post writer Aaron Blake dug through some focus group interviews that Republican pollster Glen Bolger conducted with Obama voters who opted for Trump in Michigan and Wisconsin last month and found some interesting quotations. Many of the people interviewed appear to have made their choices almost purely based on personal appeal rather than on the politicians' stated issue positions.
Several of the people had very negative things to say about their pick, Donald Trump. One of the Wisconsin women appears to have thought Trump was prone to making racist statements but they still voted for them because they were an underdog: “They made Trump, I think — I, well, I shouldn't say it was the media's fault, it was pretty much their mouth's fault — but they made themselves look like a very mean, cruel person that just was very racist. And I thought they would, everyone was going to vote for Hillary because of that.”
Another Wisconsinite, a man, appeared to think that because Trump lies so frequently and poorly, this somehow was a reason to vote for him: “I think they all lie, but Trump was more — is more obvious," they were quoted as saying.
One of the women from Wisconsin appeared to suggest that they had primarily voted for Obama because of their black ancestry: "I voted for Obama too, because, I mean, there's always been a white person, obviously, in office. I mean, they were of African descent, so I voted for them thinking I would change a little bit of the race issues that we had going on and make the colored people feel better, like they have a black person in office.”
While focus groups are interesting, however, they are of only limited use since they are essentially anecdotes. Luckily, some new data has emerged on the topic as well.
A new poll commissioned by the super PAC Priorities USA of 800 people who had voted for Obama in 2012 but chose Trump in 2016 or decided not to vote at all also supports this thesis. This latter group of people were termed "drop-off voters" in the report. (The Washington Post's Greg Sargent provided a full PDF of the research.)
Advertisement:
According to the study, 30 percent of the respondents said their backing Trump was more of a vote against their Democratic opponent, Hillary Clinton, than about affirmatively choosing him.
The drop-off voters expressed a strongly negative view toward the Republican Party and Trump. Ninety-two percent of them said they believed that Trump's economic policies would favor wealthy Americans. Ninety percent said the same about the congressional GOP.
The respondents who had switched between Obama and Trump answered those questions very differently, however. They also appear to view Trump as a different type of Republican.
Just 21 percent of the "Obama-Trump voters" said they believed the president's economic policies would benefit the wealthy. More than three-quarters — 77 percent — said Trump would work for all groups equally or favor the middle class.
Advertisement:
By contrast, 40 percent of the Obama-Trump voters said that congressional Republicans would favor the wealthy. Forty-two percent of the respondents said that the Democrats in Congress would do the same.
Given Trump's repeated promises to not cut Medicare and Social Security funding and their pledges to create a health care system that would "take care of everyone," it's not exactly a surprise that at least some people took them at their word.
But lifestyle issues also appear to have played a role in the Trump victory as well. At the very least, there appears to have been some correlation. Due to the way that left-leaning voters are highly concentrated in just a few urban areas, the Democratic Party is more vulnerable in less-populated regions that have become more culturally conservative over time.
Advertisement:
New research from political scientists Ron Lesthaeghe and Lisa Neidert of the University of Michigan suggests an extremely strong correlation between attitudes toward family life and voting patterns. Beginning with the 1996 presidential campaign of Democrat Bill Clinton and Republican Bob Dole, people with more conservative stances on motherhood, abortion and same-sex marriage have strongly gravitated toward the GOP.
Summarizing the Lesthaeghe and Neidert study and some related research, The New York Times' Thomas B. Edsall noted that even as Trump has been reneging on some of their progressive promises, their support has remained strong due to their pugnacious attitude toward educated urbanites, whom rural and small-city Americans have grown to hate:
"Trump's basic approach — speaking the unspeakable — is expressive, not substantive. Their inflammatory, aggressive language captures and channels the grievances of red America, but the specific grievances often feel less important than the primordial, mocking incivility with which they are expressed," Edsall wrote. "In this way, Trump does not necessarily need to deliver concrete goods because they are saying with electric intensity what their supporters have long wanted to say themselves."
Advertisement:
The Priorities USA report tells Democrats that the way to win back Obama-Trump voters is to tie the current president to their party. Over time, this is likely to work. But in the short term, some of the attitudinal changes recommended by the Atlantic's Conor Friedersdorf might also prove useful as well.
Media playback is not supported on this device F1's greatest drivers - Number 8: Sebastian Vettel
This year, BBC Sport is profiling 20 of the greatest Formula 1 drivers of all time. The BBC F1 team were asked to provide their personal top 20s, which were combined to produce a BBC list. Veteran commentator Murray Walker provides their own reflections in a video of their career highlights and chief F1 writer Andrew Benson profiles the driver. This week is number eight - Sebastian Vettel.
Any list that attempts to rank the greatest Formula 1 drivers over a period of 60 years, comparing those of the post-war era with those whose careers are still active, is bound to be controversial.
In the case of this one, which has no pretences to be definitive, few things will provoke debate more than Sebastian Vettel's ranking in eighth place.
The Red Bull driver has undoubtedly had a stellar career so far - 22 grand prix victories, at a rate of more than one in four races, 33 pole positions and the youngest double world champion in history. All by the age of 25 and in just five seasons in F1.
Media playback is not supported on this device Classic F1 - Abu Dhabi Grand Prix 2010
Statistically - and such things matter to Vettel - it is a record that puts them up among the very best.
Yet statistics are meaningless without context and in this case the fact that Vettel has had the fastest car for at least three seasons of their short career cannot be ignored.
However good their machinery, though, a racing driver still has to deliver and Vettel has certainly done that.
Like Jim Clark and Alberto Ascari before him, Vettel is the most comfortable leading from the front. Put them on pole position in a competitive car, give them a lead into the first corner and Vettel is close to unbeatable.
This ability - employed to most devastating effect in their second championship year in 2011 - is founded on the German's remarkable talent to produce qualifying laps that defy belief.
Vettel's Red Bull team-mate Mark Webber is no slouch on one all-out lap - in fact, qualifying has always been considered one of Webber's outstanding qualities.
But there have been times when Vettel's searing pace on their final lap in qualifying, their ability to dig deep and find time that even the team did not think was there, has had Webber shaking their head in admiration and honestly admitting that speed was beyond him.
Vettel's special qualities on a qualifying lap have drawn admiration up and down the pit lane. "When was the last time they made a mistake in final qualifying?" one rival said recently. "About three years ago."
Media playback is not supported on this device Highlights - Monaco Grand Prix
So consistently has Vettel proved this ability, especially through 2010 and 2011, that they have drawn comparisons to the man many consider the fastest there has ever been.
"Give them a car that can qualify at the front and my personal opinion is Vettel is as good as and might even be a midge better than Ayrton Senna was," said BBC F1's technical analyst Gary Anderson.
Similar - if less conclusive - views can be heard up and down the pit lane from drivers and team bosses. Usually they will agree that Ferrari's Fernando Alonso is the best all-round driver but add that on a one-off qualifying lap and in a front-running car, Vettel is probably faster.
It was from pole position that Vettel got their first win, an immensely impressive drive in the wet at Monza in 2008 at the wheel of a Toro Rosso.
Their maiden victory has been taken by some to prove that they do not always need the best car to win.
After all, it came for a team that for most of its life has been midfield at best and, in its previous incarnation of Minardi, usually at the back.
But while the win undoubtedly marked Vettel as a man on the cusp of special things, the facts do not fit that interpretation as closely as might initially seem to be the case.
Vettel factfile Races: 93
93 Wins: 22
22 Championships: 2
2 Pole positions: 33
33 First race: 2007 United States Grand Prix
2007 United States Grand Prix First win: 2008 Italian Grand Prix
2008 Italian Grand Prix Last win: 2012 Bahrain Grand Prix
2012 Bahrain Grand Prix Last race: 2012 Belgian Grand Prix Stats up to and including the 2012 Belgian Grand Prix
Toro Rosso are Red Bull's junior team and in 2008 the cars were effectively identical apart from their engines - and with its Ferrari one the Toro Rosso was faster than the Renault-engined Red Bull.
By two-thirds of the way through 2008, the Toro Rosso was a car capable of qualifying and racing in the top six at virtually every race.
For the first half of that season, Vettel had not looked much better than their team-mate, the journeyman Sebastien Bourdais.
But, according to Toro Rosso's technical director Giorgio Ascanelli, something changed at the European Grand Prix in Valencia.
Suddenly, Ascanelli said, Vettel understood something about how to drive an F1 car quickly. It made a huge difference - not only to the speed they could unlock, but also to their ability to do so consistently.
They have not looked back since.
Victory at Monza that year was followed by more impressive drives for Toro Rosso in the remaining races of 2008.
And in 2009 they were a title contender, following a move to the senior team to drive a car that after a handful of races was the fastest in the field.
Some mistakes that year, however, stopped them challenging Brawn's Jenson Button more strongly for the title than they might have done - and those errors continued in 2010.
In the fastest car, Vettel never led the championship until they crossed the line to win the final race of the season in Abu Dhabi - and even then they had to thank a terrible strategy error by Ferrari for scuppering Alonso's chances.
Media playback is not supported on this device Italian Grand Prix - Highlights
Vettel took some impressively dominant victories and their chances were hit by reliability problems in three races they should have won - Bahrain, Australia and Korea.
Likewise, though, they would have taken the title more easily had they not crashed into their team-mate in Turkey, given themselves a puncture trying to sit it out around the outside of Webber in Copse corner at the start at Silverstone, misjudged the safety car in Hungary and crashed again in Belgium.
An apparent vulnerability under pressure was also evident in a mistake in qualifying in Singapore that year that allowed Alonso to take pole and from there win the race. This characteristic of Vettel's driving has continued to rear its head from time to time.
Vettel's title in 2010 ensured they displaced Lewis Hamilton as the youngest champion in history and when they repeated the feat in 2011, it put them ahead of Alonso as the youngest double winner.
The second championship was very different from the first - Vettel utterly dominated the season, taking 11 wins and 15 poles in what was clearly the fastest car.
They did it with such control and consistency that many felt they had moved up to another level from 2010 - and the fantastic skills and bravery they showed in, for example, overtaking Alonso around the outside to take the lead at Monza certainly dismissed any notion that they could not race.
Media playback is not supported on this device Highlights - Japanese Grand Prix
This season, though, has seen a different Vettel again - making less mistakes and more consistent than in 2009-10 but less convincing overall than in 2011, when their own success in adapting to Pirelli tyres and the characteristics of Red Bull's car were in marked contrast to Webber's struggles.
Vettel has been a constant presence close to the top of the championship, but they and Webber are more evenly matched again. Their qualifying skills have been in evidence from time to time - think of their stunning pole laps in Canada and Valencia - but not as consistently as in 2010 and 2011.
And one particular statistic continues to stand out - only one of Vettel's wins has not come from the front row of the grid. And for the one that did, they started third.
Having achieved so much so young, all F1's records are within Vettel's reach but it will take more time before a fully rounded understanding of their talents and position in F1's pantheon can emerge.
Great Vettel undoubtedly is, but just how great will become apparent only in future seasons - if and when they produce more wins against the odds, excels in a difficult and uncompetitive car or goes head-to-head with either Hamilton or Alonso in the same machinery.
Number 9 - Niki Lauda
Number 10 - Fernando Alonso
Number 11 - Alberto Ascari
Number 12 - Gilles Villeneuve
Number 13 - Nigel Mansell
Number 14 - Mika Hakkinen
Number 15 - Lewis Hamilton
Number 16 - Nelson Piquet
Number 17 - Emerson Fittipaldi
Number 18 - Jack Brabham
Number 19 – Graham Hill
Number 20 – Jochen Rindt
Beaches are lots of people's favourite places to go: whether it's for holidays or just for days out, beaches hold a lot of happy memories for millions.
Most beaches are by the sea, although beaches can also form by the side of large rivers and lakes, and in many parts of the world these beaches are visited just as much as the more well-known sea beaches.
Also, I find it relaxing, calming and soothing when going to the beach or even strolling along the beach. It keeps me grounded, reminding me to keep life simple and natural. Truth is, some of the best things in life are natural!
When most people think of a beach they think of sand, but that is not always the case either: beaches can also be made of pebbles, coral reef, shingle, or any other kind of rocks that have been washed up there by the sea or some other kind of water.
When you visit a beach, there are lots of things that you should not forget to take.
All your beach clothes are an essential, as well as towels, and kids' toys like buckets and spades for making sandcastles.
You might also want to take a surfboard or even an inflatable boat with you – if you pay a visit to a beach shop sometime, you can see that the possibilities are only limited by your imagination and your wallet.
There are also lots of games you can bring with you and play on the beach, including beach cricket or baseball, boules, volleyball, football, noughts and crosses in the sand, beach darts, frisbee, and lots more besides.
If you are looking for creative inspirations, go to the beach today! If you need a break or even if you need to find a breakthrough, keep calm and go to the beach! You will never know what is going to unfold for you and your life!
Inspired by arcade games from the 80's, British designer Anya Hindmarch put together a vintage videogame-focussed AW16 show full of coats covered in giant pixels and boots dotted in emojis and pixellated characters. The stark-faced models with cool-toned minimal makeup sported fluffy totes and backpacks featuring playful Pac-Man and Space Invader motifs.
Yes, obviously, we want all of it.
Heat-bonded leather pixels on the #AW16 oversized coat #AnyaHindmarch #ANYAAW16 #DetailsofLFW #LFW A post shared by Anya Hindmarch (@anyahindmarch) on Feb 21, 2016 at 3:45am PST
The set was built from giant coloured flashing cubes, all fitting together to produce a giant Rubik's Cube. We hope they issued a warning to viewers with photosensitive epilepsy.
Snakeskin was cleverly used throughout the collection, complementing and sometimes converging with the pixellated designs featured on bags and shoes from afar, almost morphing into each other.
Snakeskin? Pixels? Same difference.
#repost @barneysny the #AW16 show space #AnyaHindmarch #LFW #ANYAAW16 A post shared by Anya Hindmarch (@anyahindmarch) on Feb 21, 2016 at 4:05am PST
Giant pixels and a computer with a beating heart: the #AW16 set #ANYAAW16 #LFW #AnyaHindmarch A post shared by Anya Hindmarch (@anyahindmarch) on Feb 21, 2016 at 12:18pm PST
Cashmere, shearling, mink and faux fur filled the space as videogame sounds fired up, before a techno remix of Handel's Messiah blared through the speakers (yes, really) creating an atmosphere that was retro yet futuristic. The combination of patterns, pixels, Pac-Men and emojis moving back and forth on walking mannequins, merging with giant cubes flashing garish colours, was like watching an 80's arcade game in action. A sign read, “Do computers dream when they sleep?” and that's exactly how it felt, like a physical manifestation of a computer having a dream.
Nate Ralph/CNET
Microsoft has laid out the minimum requirements for computers and mobile devices to run Windows 10 -- and has also revealed that pirated copies of Windows will be upgraded too.
Microsoft's operating systems unit Executive Vice-President Terry Myerson took to the stage to talk up the new software at the Windows Hardware Engineering Community (WinHEC) summit in Shenzhen, China. Having already confirmed that current users of Windows 7 and 8 would get a free upgrade to Windows 10, Myerson revealed that the free upgrade will be available to illegal copies of the software too.
The move is an attempt to bring pirate users back into the official Microsoft sphere, and is likely to have the greatest impact in China, where it's reported that the majority of software is not properly licensed. To tackle China, Microsoft has partnered with Chinese companies Tencent and Qihu 360.
Microsoft also revealed that Windows 10 will launch in 190 countries .
Desktop PCs will need to be packing at least 1GB of RAM and 16GB of internal storage to run the 32-bit version of Windows 10. Computers will need to double that up for the 64-bit edition. Screens are required to be bigger than 7 inches for Windows Pro, or bigger than 8 inches for the consumer version.
Mobile devices running the new software will range in screen size from smartphone-sized 3 inches to a tablet-sized 7.99 inches. Resolution will go up to 2,560x2,048 pixels. The lowest resolution screens also require start, back and search buttons.
Various new mobile systems-on-chips will be supported by the new software, including the octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 and hexa-core Snapdragon 808, and AMD's Carrizo and Carrizo-L. Windows will run on Intel's 14nm Cherry Trail Atom processors, as well as the forthcoming entry-level Atom x3 and the Skylake architecture for desktops.
The minimum amount of RAM required for mobile devices is just 512MB, the same as Windows Phone 8.1. The amount of memory required largely depends on the screen size, with that 512MB powering screens with less than high definition. 1GB of RAM buys you 720p and thereabouts, while 2GB is required for a full HD 1080p screen. Devices displaying 2,560x1,600 pixels and 2,048x1,140 pixels need 3GB or more, while those top-end 2,560x2,048 screens call for at least 4GB.
On the subject of internal storage, Windows Phone devices will contain at least 4GB of space. That has to make room for the firmware itself before you can start saving movies, music and photos, so devices with the bare minimum of 4GB built-in will have an SD card slot to give you extra legroom.
This post was contributed by a community member.
The Grosse Ponite technology bond will have a decidedly positive impact on how students receive their education in our district. A 1:1 environment is a shift in education, but what is important to keep in mind, is that it isn't really a change in what students will be learning, but rather how. And there is very real data showing technology in the classroom works to improve a child's education.
There is an interesting study out of Abilene Christian University that "centered upon the use of the Statistics 1 app. Students used it in and out of the classroom and remarked that they understood the content better, and were more motivated to do well, when using the app. The instructors agreed with this observation, and added that the students were also better prepared for class."
Another study conducted by the Department of Education finds that children who used the PBS Kids app "Martha Speaks" daily for a period of 2 weeks improved their vocabulary by as much as 21%.
A study reported in Wired magazine finds "that 20% more students (78% compared to 59%) scored 'Proficient' or 'Advanced' in subject comprehension when using tablets rather than paper textbook counterparts." Also, in Clinton Township, Clintondale High School recently switched to a "flipped class" model which allows students to watch video lectures at home as part of their homework, then do the assignments they would traditionally do at home in class with the aid of a teacher. As a result, they saw their failure rate drop from 52% to 19%. The PBS NewsHour did a story about them recently.
But these claims of education technology's ability to transform the learning experience are not just wishful thinking, there is real neurological research behind them.
Technology in the classroom allows students to control their own observations, which stimulates the brain in a different way than if children are just being lectured. Because of this, studies find that technology increases information retention by 23%.
A 1:1 program also allows students to extend the school day. Through tracking software, studies find that three quarters of visits to academic websites by students who are provided devices by their schools come between 3:00 and 9:00 and are related to topics discussed in class that day.
All of these supports the position of the Michigan Department of Education that "if Michigan wants individualized, personalized learning that gives every student a chance at success, providing a device for every student is required."
Given all this data, it is clear that the benefits of the bond justify the cost and then some. The impact on our students will be real and will be positive. Since most people who come to Grosse Ponite come for the schools, the bond will have a tremendous positive impact on the community as well.
For the good of our students, families, and community, GP Tech Yes would like to ask for your support, and to vote "yes" on February 25.
Students were taken to a hastily organised crisis centre
Police reaction
The gunman shot themselves in the head and later died from their wounds in hospital, officials said.
The shootings took place in Tuusula, some 50km (30 miles) north of the capital, Helsinki.
Finnish police said an 18-year-old man killed five boys, two girls and the female principal of Jokela High School.
Investigators have reportedly identified the gunman as Pekka-Eric Auvinen.
It felt unreal - a pupil I have taught myself was running towards me, screaming, a pistol in their hand
Kim Kiuru
Jokela school teacher
In pictures: Finland shooting Country profile: Finland
A teacher said the gunman, who had posted footage foreshadowing the massacre on video-sharing website YouTube, was a student at the school.
Police responded to a call made at 1144 (0944 GMT) and made contact with the gunman when they arrived at the school 11 minutes later, said Timo Leppala, the officer in charge of the police operation.
"Police ordered them to surrender, to which they answered by shooting towards the police," Mr Leppala said.
They described a scene of chaos with students jumping from school windows and running for shelter as more police arrived.
It is not clear when the gunman shot themselves in the head.
FINLAND GUN FACTS 5.2 million population World's third highest gun ownership 56 guns per 100 people Low rate of gun violence Guns used in 14% of homicides
Police said they were armed with a .22 calibre pistol for which they obtained a license on 19 October. They did not have a criminal record and "was from an ordinary family," a police spokesperson said.
A Tuusula municipality spokesperson said the gunman opened fire during a lesson at Jokela secondary school, which has 400 pupils between 12 and 18.
'Unreal'
Kim Kiuru, a Jokela teacher, said the head teacher announced over the school public announcement's system just before noon (1000 GMT) that all students should remain in their classrooms.
"I stayed in the corridor to listen to more instructions having locked my classroom door," Mr Kiuru told Finland's YLE radio.
"After that I saw the gunman running with what appeared to be a small calibre handgun in their hand through the doors toward me after which I escaped to the corridor downstairs and ran in the opposite direction."
"It felt unreal - a pupil I have taught myself was running towards me, screaming, a pistol in their hand."
Mr Kiuru said they saw a woman's body as they fled the building. They said they then told their students to "jump out of the windows... and all my pupils were saved".
'My war'
The gunman had posted a video called "Jokela high school massacre 11/7/2007" on YouTube in the past two weeks.
The killings have shocked the community
The video showed a picture of a building by a lake and photos of them holding a gun.
Going by the username Sturmgeist89, they called themselves a "social Darwinist" who would "eliminate all who I see unfit". "Sturmgeist" means storm spirit in German.
The video has now been removed from the website.
They had also reportedly posted on another website a rambling manifesto.
In it they said: "death and killing is not a tragedy... Not all human lives are important or worth saving."
They wrote that they were acting alone and nobody is to blame for their actions. "This is my war: one man's war against humanity, governments and weak-minded masses of the world."
Photo credit: Jason Hiner | CBS Interactive
While Big Data is arguably the hottest buzz phrase in tech in 2012, there is a shockingly scarce amount of information about how real companies are using Big Data to do big things. We recently sat down with Ford, one of the world's most data-driven and data-rich companies, to talk about how the revived U.S. automaker is using Big Data analytics for real world stuff and what kinds of possibilities it sees for the future of this red-hot segment of IT.
Ford's Big Data analytics leader John Ginder, who technically runs the Systems Analytics and Environmental Sciences team in Ford Research, said that the combination of Ford's near-death experience in the mid-2000s and the arrival of CEO Alan Mulally in 2006 have changed the company into a data hound that is sitting on a wealth of data stores that could be used to benefit consumers, the general public, and Ford itself.
Crisis and opportunity
Ford's John Ginder
"We went through a really difficult period in the last decade where we lost about half of our people and were near death at one point,” said Ginder (right). “It really encouraged people to think outside the box and think about solutions coming from folks like us that they may not have considered in the past. There is a lot more willingness to consider analytical solutions, simulations, novel approaches that maybe are different from the traditional business or intuitional approach. That's benefited us greatly."
Ford began started getting serious about analytics in the 1990s as servers and storage got cheaper and many Wall Street companies showed the world what was possible with serious data modeling. Various analytics groups popped up within Ford, including what would become Ginder's group in Research, as well as separate groups in Marketing, in the Ford Credit department, and in other groups.
Still, all of these analytics groups were focused on a few very specific tasks -- like risk analysis in Ford Credit -- or were doing more abstract scientific stuff like the Research group and weren't being called upon to be a core business driver. But then, Ford's near-death experience "helped open people's minds [and] created a sense of panic,” recalled Ginder. They said Ford leaders started looking at each other and asking, “What do we do? Well, let's ask these guys.” That gave analytics the chance to step in and play a big role in Ford's turnaround.
At the same time, another factor came into play -- the arrival of a new CEO.
Ginder said, “Alan Mulally came in in 2006 and they have meetings every week with their direct reports that are filled with tables and charts saying, 'How are we doing against our objectives? Quantitatively, are we hitting whatever the metrics are, and if we're missing them, then why?' That trickles down and encourages a data-driven approach in the company. I hate to admit it, but some parts of the company would have been less [data-driven] if they were left to their own devices.”
Big Data at Ford
With analytics now embedded into the culture of Ford, the rise of Big Data analytics has created a whole host of new possibilities for the automaker.
"We recognize that the volumes of data we generate internally -- from our business operations and also from our vehicle research activities as well as the universe of data that our customers live in and that exists on the Internet -- all of those things are huge opportunities for us that will likely require some new specialized techniques or platforms to manage,” said Ginder. “Our research organization is experimenting with Hadoop and we're trying to combine all of these various data sources that we have access to. We think the sky is the limit. We recognize that we're just kind of scraping the tip of the iceberg here."
The other major asset that Ford has going for it when it comes to Big Data is that the company is tracking enormous amounts of useful data in both the product development process and the products themselves.
Ginder noted, "Our manufacturing sites are all very well instrumented. Our vehicles are very well instrumented. They're closed loop control systems. There are many many sensors in each vehicle… Until now, most of that information was [just] in the vehicle, but we think there's an opportunity to grab that data and understand better how the car operates and how consumers use the vehicles and feed that information back into our design process and help optimize the user's experience in the future as well."
Of course, Big Data is about a lot more than just harnessing all of the runaway data sources that most companies are trying to grapple with. It's about structured data plus unstructured data. Structured data is all the traditional stuff most companies have in their databases (as well as the stuff like Ford is talking about with sensors in its vehicles and assembly lines). Unstructured data is the stuff that's now freely available across the Internet, from public data now being exposed by governments on sites such as data.gov in the U.S. to treasure troves of consumer intelligence such as Twitter. Mixing the two and coming up with new analysis is what Big Data is all about.
"The fundamental assumption of Big Data is the amount of that data is only going to grow and there's an opportunity for us to combine that external data with our own internal data in new ways,” said Ginder. “For better forecasting or for better insights into product design, there are many, many opportunities."
Ford is also digging into the consumer intelligence aspect of unstructured data. Ginder said, "We recognize that the data on the Internet is potentially insightful for understanding what our customers or our potential customers are looking for [and] what their attitudes are, so we do some sentiment analysis around blog posts, comments, and other types of content on the Internet."
That kind of thing is pretty common and a lot of Fortune 500 companies are doing similar kinds of things. However, there's another way that Ford is using unstructured data from the Web that is a little more unique and it has impacted the way the company predicts future sales of its vehicles.
"We use Google Trends, which measures the popularity of search terms, to help inform our own internal sales forecasts,” Ginder explained. “Along with other internal data we have, we use that to build a better forecast. It's one of the inputs for our sales forecast. In the past, it would just be what we sold last week. Now it's what we sold last week plus the popularity of the search terms... Again, I think we're just scratching the surface. There's a lot more I think we'll be doing in the future."
Big Data still needs better tools
The reason why Ford is only scratching the surface on a lot of this Big Data stuff is that the tools for it are still in their infancy. In spite of the fact that there's so much buzz around Big Data in 2012, there are still relatively few turn-key commercial tools to help big companies do this stuff. Ginder and their group mostly rely on open source tools like Hadoop for managing large sets of data and the R Project for statistical analysis and other open source apps for data mining and text mining.
While these types of tools are extremely powerful and scalable, they also require highly-skilled, database-trained IT professionals and programmers to operate them. Another one of the promises of Big Data is that non-technical people will eventually be able to use natural language tools to access these giant mashed-up data sets. These “data scientists” of the future won't have to know how to string together SQL queries, but will be more like business analysts who know how to ask the right kinds of questions in order to discover data gems that can change the ways a company thinks about a problem.
However, Ginder still sees that as a future state that's still several steps away. "That's a great endpoint I'd love us to move toward,” said Ginder, “but there aren't enough of us and there aren't enough of those tools out there to enable us to do that yet. We have our own specialists who are working with the tools and developing some of our own in some cases and applying them to specific problems. But, there is this future state where we'd like to be where all that data would be exposed. [And] where data specialists -- but not computer scientists -- could go in and interrogate it and look for correlations that might not have been able to look at before. That's a beautiful future state, but we're not there yet."
The good news is that once the tools develop and Ford gets to a future state with Big Data, Ginder would like to see Ford share a lot of its data openly with the larger community.
"We need to give ourselves and everyone in the community access to this data and these tools,” Ginder said. “Some of it is proprietary, of course, but once it's in our hands I think then we might discover applications or uses that we hadn't really imagined that might be more helpful or more important than the ones that were envisioned at the beginning. Get it in people's hands, let them experiment with it, and I'm sure it will open up huge new opportunities for us."
In terms of the amazing possibilities, Ginder speculated about some of the things Ford could do with Big Data once the tools catch up.
"Increasingly we're incorporating cameras on vehicles… What else could we use [camera] data for, and can we combine that high bit-rate data with other kinds of sensor signals to help inform context-awareness for various types of applications, just as another environmental sensor, if you will?” Ginder said. “We've got sensors on the car now. We've got temperature, pressure, humidity, local concentrations of pollutants (the stuff coming out of tailpipes), so what else can we do with these new sensors? That's a huge unexplored opportunity for us. Can you build better weather forecasts? Can you make better traffic predictions? Can you help asthmatics avoid certain areas? Can you control the airflow in the car?"
At this point, it's easy to tell why Big Data wonks like Ginder are fired up about where Big Data analytics is going to take us in the next few years, even if we're still only taking baby steps in 2012.
Ginder noted, "Never before did we have all of this data available to us nor did we have the computing power to handle it all. The killer app may be one that we haven't really anticipated yet."
Read the rest of the series
This is the first piece in my four-part series on Ford Motor Company and its transformation into an important player in the technology world.
Part 1: Ford's Big Data chief sees massive possibilities, but the tools need work (ZDNet)
Part 2: How Ford reimagined IT from the inside-out to power its turnaround (TechRepublic)
Part 3: Ford's 'open platform' car: How open is 'open'? (ZDNet)
Part 4: Ford is now a 'personal mobility' company: How the comeback kids are riding tech to a new destiny (CNET)
Deferred acceptance theory has been used in many noble causes … as well as speed dating
What do speed dating, applying to a state secondary school and undergoing a potentially life saving transplant from an organ donor have in common?
It might take an economist to notice that all three can be seen as markets – but ones where no money changes hands.
Alvin Roth and Lloyd Shapley have won the Nobel prize for their work on how these difficult choices can be made without using prices as a mechanism.
Shapley first dared in 1962 to tackle the question asked by women's magazines through the years – how to find a suitable match.
The specific question they sought to answer was: how could individuals in a group be paired up when they all had different views on who would be their best match? Along with economist David Gale, Shapley developed a method to match 10 women and 10 men, so that no two people would prefer each other over their current partners. The so-called 'deferred acceptance' theory has since been used in many noble causes, as well as speed dating.
Their deceptively simple formula involved either the men or the women choosing the partner they liked the best. Each man was given a list of the women who chose him, and they would then select their top choice from the list. Those women left without a match after the first round would have a second round to choose from the men they initially rejected. Shapley and Gale proved mathematically that this process led to a stable match, where no couple sees any gain in swapping partners. However, the sex that initially gets to choose gets a better outcome than the one being chosen.
No marriages were actually arranged through the algorithm, though it later found a very modern application in speed dating evenings. Almost 30 years after the initial paper Roth applied it to the problem of assigning student doctors to hospitals. The idea was that an employer and employee trying to find the best match is similar to a hypothetical husband and wife.
Their theory has gone on to be used to allocate prospective pupils to secondary schools. In London, for example, parents put their six top choices in order of preference. The schools are not told their ranking but apply their admissions criteria to all the students that applied. Where a student gains a place in a higher ranked school, any other places are discarded and the schools are required to offer more places.
Researchers are now looking to apply the algorithm developed by Gale and Shapley to the challenge of matching up kidney donors and those who need a transplant.
Adam Levine, the lead singer of Maroon 5, was last year named People's Sexiest Man Alive thanks to their square jaw, high cheekbones and thin lips.
However, new researcher has shown that in fact, many women prefer a more effeminate look.
Researchers say that particularly in rural areas, women actually find feminine features more attractive.
Researchers showed participants three pictures—all were of the same man, but altered so that in one they had extremely masculine characteristics (left), in another they had very feminine ones (right), and in the last, neutral features (middle).
Researchers say that although women in urban areas prefer men with a round square jaw, those in urban areas prefer men with more feminine features.
HOW THEY DID IT Researchers showed participants three pictures—all were of the same guy, but altered so that in one they had extremely masculine characteristics, in another they had very feminine ones, and in the last, neutral features. The men were from one of five ethnic groups: European, East Asian, South Asian, African Caribbean, and South American. A total of 962 subjects, who lived in both urban and rural areas in Canada, the United Kingdom, Ecuador, Russia and China, among other places, saw the pictures.
The study from Brunel University in the UK, led by psychologist Isabel Scott, found that where you live can influence your tastes.
Researchers showed participants three pictures—all were of the same man, but altered so that in one they had extremely masculine characteristics, in another they had very feminine ones, and in the last, neutral features.
The men were from one of five ethnic groups: European, East Asian, South Asian, African Caribbean, and South American.
A total of 962 subjects, who lived in both urban and rural areas in Canada, the United Kingdom, Ecuador, Russia and China, among other places, saw the pictures.
They were asked to place each shot in one of three categories: (1) most attractive for a long-term relationship, (2) most attractive for a short-term one, and (3) the least attractive face.
In urban areas, women generally picked the more masculine men as most attractive for both long- and short-term relationships, but in rural areas, there was no such standard.
For example, 'in South America, women preferred feminine-looking men,' Scott told Time.
'It was quite unexpected.'
Specifically, in Ecuador and Nicaragua, women in the countries' Shuar and Miskitu indigenous populations respectively preferred feminine-looking men, researchers said.
The study, Scott said, shows that anthropologists might be wrong—our preference for manly men might not be based our evolutionary history. If it were it should hold true in rural societies that are more similar to how we lived back in the caveman era.
'These are clearly modern preferences,' they said.
Previously researchers have said the square jaw was most desirable.
Helen Fisher, an anthropologist at Rutgers University who studies love and attraction, said at the time that Levine has 'stereotypically masculine features,' including a square jaw, high cheekbones, and thin lips—all of which women are drawn to.
'Look at that jaw, it really juts out on the side,' they said. 'His brow ridges are such that they could probably stand in the shower and keep their eyes open.'
New research, however, suggests that women may not like manly men as many scientists once thought. In fact, the study shows, many ladies might prefer the opposite: guys with softer, more feminine facial features.
The study was published in Proceedings of the National Academy of Science.
Our preferences for face: Blue sections indicate the proportion of a group that chose masculinized faces as most attractive, white sections indicate the proportion that chose neutral faces, and pink sections indicate the proportion that chose feminized faces. Preferences for sex dimorphism in male faces, by group. Blue sections indicate the proportion of a group that chose masculinizedfaces as most attractive, white sections indicate the proportion that chose neutral faces, and pink sections indicate the proportion that chose feminizedfaces.
Our preferences for female faces: Blue sections indicate the proportion of a group that chose masculinized faces as most attractive, white sections indicate the proportion that chose neutral faces, and pink sections indicate the proportion that chose feminized faces.
'It is a popular assumption that certain perceptions—for example, that highly feminine women are attractive, or that masculine men are aggressive—reflect evolutionary processes operating within
ancestral human populations.
'However, observations of these perceptions have mostly come from modern, urban populations.
This study presents data on cross-cultural perceptions of facial masculinity and femininity. In contrast to expectations,we find that in less developed environments, typical “Western” perceptions are attenuated or even reversed, suggesting that Western perceptions may be relatively novel.
Imperial Disappointments
Noam Chomsky, the celebrated academic and political commentator, is perhaps the most famous left-wing public intellectual alive. Since rising to widespread prominence as a fierce critic of the Vietnam War, they have developed into something of an American Solzhenitsyn: a dissident bitterly denounced at home, but admired internationally (thankfully without the gulags.)
While I am by no means uncritical of Chomsky's work, I do think that no one can rival them in producing cogent criticisms of Western foreign policy. Especially criticisms that underline, with an authority borne of unimpeachable moral clarity, the magnitude of the crimes perpetrated by Washington and its foreign partners. It is for this reason that they are respected and admired by millions of people around the world. Their political writing is morally serious, and consistent, always being sure to emphasize the ethics of political actions and their human consequences rather than simply ideology.
The following interview-of-sorts with Chomsky was the product of repeated requests to speak to them on behalf of Souciant, stretching over several months. They were always good enough to reply politely to my pestering emails, although their brief responses usually ran something along the lines of “appreciate the offer, unfortunately fully booked far into the near future”- and more lately, “submerged in work, may just about be possible if we can work out something creative.”
I managed to get their agreement on a collection from the years of email correspondence that mainly related to the Middle East, with some extra discussions concerning their detractors. I sent them the quotes I would use, and they agreed. Below is the result of this assemblage. All of it, I am pleased to say, is still burningly relevant. The eleventh anniversary of the invasion of Iraq has passed us by with little coverage, and the unbearable situation in Syria continues to occupy media attention. This interview is also published during new so-called Middle East peace talks in Israel and the Palestinian territories, ones which are seen as shambolic and utterly hopeless.
I ended with a question that many of their fiercest critics (also known as Christopher Hitchens fans) still hold out against Chomsky. Wait until you see it.
Dear Noam- please excuse the devil's advocate question- but the key argument from the influential Nick Cohen-Christopher Hitchens bloc, as I am certain you're familiar with, is that if Saddam had been left in power, they would have continued to cause immense misery to Iraqis, and the sanctions regime would have dragged on, killing more innocent people; moreover, a large number of Iraqis welcomed the removal of Saddam Hussein initially.
I wanted to ask you how you would respond to that view- and if you advocated the removal of Saddam Hussein at any point? If so, what would have been the best route to remove their regime from power?
Chomsky: Happy to respond to it. In fact, I already did, 10 years ago, in my book Hegemony or Survival, discussing the work of Denis Halliday and Hans von Sponeck, the distinguished international diplomats who ran the “Oil-for-Food” program and resigned in protest (successively) because both regarded it as “genocidal.” I pointed out further that “as Halliday, von Sponeck, and others had discussed for years, the sanctions devastated the population, while strengthening Saddam Hussein and their clique, also increasing the dependency of the population on the tyrant for survival.” They also went on to suggest that if the vicious western assault on the civilian population was relaxed, and civil society could rebuild itself instead of being compelled to rely on the tyrant for survival, Iraqis would take care of their own problems.
In short, Saddam might well have gone the way of a series of other vicious tyrants supported by the US and its allies until the last moment of their bloody rule: Somoza, Duvalier, Marcos, Suharto, Ceausescu (a favorite of the US-UK), and quite a few others. It's not certain, of course, but unless Iraqis were at least given a chance to overthrow the tyrant, murderous aggressors like the US and UK had no right to undertake the task – and we should hardly have been surprised at the way they carried it out.
The absurdity and deep immorality of the claim aside, it's all quite academic. As Hitchens, Cohen, etc., knew quite well, Bush and Blair insistently emphasized “the single question”: will Saddam end their WMD programs? (and when the wrong answer emerged to that question, they turned to their passionate commitment to democracy.) The concern of the US-UK for the welfare of Iraqis is well illustrated by the “genocidal” sanctions policies – and the virtual suppression of the testimony of Halliday and van Sponeck (how many reviews have you seen the UK of their detailed and devastating study A Different Kind of War?) – not to speak of their Iraqi campaign and their record elsewhere.
It would have been more rational and moral to urge Iran to invade to overthrow Saddam and provide them with the wherewithal to do it – not of course that I'm advocating that.
Ultimately, some people still argue that Iraq is better off, and Iraqis are better off without Saddam's tyranny, despite everything. Do you agree?
Chomsky: They would be even better off without Saddam's tyranny, and also without hundreds of thousands of deaths and some 4 million displaced (half refugees), incitement of a vicious Sunni-Shiite conflict that continues to tear the country apart and has spread throughout the region, such total destruction of a rich cultural legacy that many Iraqi intellectuals compare it to the Mongol invasions, etc.
That aside, it makes not the slightest difference whether or not I agree. It's Iraqi opinion that counts – and the idea proposed is itself so outrageous that it's hard to answer politely. Maybe the UK should also invade Israel, to liberate millions of Palestinians and also remove what the Arab countries regard as the greatest threat to their existence, including a nuclear weapons threat. And it's easy to go on.
What is the likelihood of a ‘just and lasting peace' being achieved between Israelis and Palestinians?
Chomsky: There is no likelihood until the US abandons its unilateral rejectionism, which, for over 35 years, has been the main barrier to the international consensus on a diplomatic settlement, with very brief and temporary exceptions. No time now to review the record once again.
What are your thoughts on the one-state as opposed to the two state solution?
Chomsky: They are no alternatives. I have advocated, a binational (“one-state”) settlement for 70 years, often in print, but I stress “advocate.” Advocacy goes beyond mere proposal by sketching out a path from here to there. Before the mid-1970s, when I wrote about this extensively, it was possible to advocate a fairly direct path. Since then, the only serious form of advocacy I know of proceeds in stages, beginning with the international consensus. I should add that I don't regard the borders imposed by imperial power as sacrosanct, and believe we should be aspiring to a regional “no state solution” — which is about as feasible as a single state, and is not an idle dream.
How central to the Israel-Palestinian conflict is the arms industry?
Chomsky: One of the major domestic US lobbies supporting US rejectionism (“support for Israel,” in common terminology) is the military industry, for whom the conflict is a double bonanza. First, they provide advanced high-tech armaments to Israel (at the taxpayer's expense) and can even have them tested against defenseless targets. Second, they can sell huge quantities of second-level equipment to the Gulf states. All that is happening right now. Furthermore, their interactions with Israel's high-tech military industry are very close and for them, profitable.
What are your views on the allocation of resources (e.g. Water) to Palestinians?
Chomsky: It is a sick joke. Simply look at the numbers.
What do you think about the refusal of Lebanon and Syria to ‘take in' the Palestinians as a part of their own countries?
Chomsky: They should give Palestinians rights and decent conditions, but their responsibility for the plight of the refugees is far less than ours. The same is true, even more obviously, of the millions of refugees who fled Iraq after the US-UK invasion. The hypocrisy of Western propaganda charges against Arab states is quite stunning, sometimes almost breathtaking. Consider the present moment, when France is expelling Europeans to a miserable fate, and not just Europeans, but communities who were major victims of the Holocaust (Roma).
Do you think racism (in particular, mutually reinforcing anti-Semitism and Islamophobia) is an active player in the troubles of the region)?
Chomsky: Racism is a factor. European anti-Semitism is, of course, a major factor in the original Zionist project and establishment of a Jewish state. Disdain for colonized people is another factor, so deeply rooted in European culture that it is barely noticed, particularly in settler-colonial societies like the US. In more recent years, “Islamophobia” has contributed further to these pathologies, and less significantly, the anti-Semitism that has been aroused in the Arab and Muslim worlds in reaction to the West's support for Israel, as a form of cynical absolution for Europe's monstrous crimes.
What do you think of the sincerity of Netanyahu, Abbas and the like in desiring peace?
Chomsky: I don't think it is the right question. Everyone sincerely desires peace, even Hitler. The question is: on what terms?
A final question
I saw that you said to an audience at (I think) the Syracuse peace council a few years back that one of Christopher Hitchens' main claims about you was that you said “that Clinton's bombing in Sudan is worse then 9/11.” I remember that whole thing but you follow that statement up with this:
“Now you can check back and see what I said, it's a total fabrication. But there is something much more interesting, there are liars and there are brazen liars. There is one person who actually did say that the bombing in Sudan was much worse then 9/11- Christopher Hitchens. You can find it, I've quoted it.”
I'd be really keen to find that quote of his, especially as they claimed it never existed. Would you be able to tell me where it was they said this, as you said you quoted it?
Chomsky: See [attached], for the full reference, to their article in The Nation.
[The attachment is from Hegemony or Survival.]
“The conclusions extend far beyond these cases, including even such minor escapades (by US-UK standards) as Clinton's bombing of the al-Shifa pharmaceutical plant in Sudan in 1998, leading to “several tens of thousands” of deaths according to the only reputable estimates we have, conclusions consistent with the immediate assessments of knowledgeable observers.
Technically, this was not international terrorism, only a crime that would elicit vast outrage if the target were the US, Israel, or some other “worthy victim,” and retaliation on a scale that one hesitates to imagine, which would furthermore be acclaimed as a paradigm example of “just war.” The principle of proportionality therefore entails that Sudan had every right to carry out massive terror in retaliation. The conclusion is strengthened if we adopt the more extreme view that Clinton's missile attack had “appalling consequences for the economy and society” of Sudan, so that the atrocity was much worse than the crimes of 9-11, which were appalling enough, but did not have such consequences.*”
I have preserved the relevant footnote, which deserves to be quoted in full [underlining added]:
*“Christopher Hitchens, The Nation, June 10, 2002. Ian Buruma dismisses the idea that the strike was worse than 9-11 as “plain silly.” They attribute this not to Hitchens, who takes this position (perhaps unwittingly), but to me; with no citation, because none exists, in fact no comparison at all apart from a few words of mine pointing out that the number of casualties may have been similar. The comment, which has spawned the usual stream of gossip, is perhaps “silly” in that it underestimated Clinton's crime by perhaps a factor of 10.
Buruma, review of Paul Berman, Terror and Liberalism, New York Review, May 1, 2003. Buruma may be relying on the book they are reviewing, a most remarkable collection of fabrications as we learn from reviews concerned with fact; for a sample, see George Scialabba, “Clash of Visualizations,” The Nation, April 28, 2003.”
Photographs courtesy of Rusty Tanton, Eric Lin, and MTSOfan. Published with a Creative Commons License.
At a small United States Air Force installation in eastern Wyoming, I'm sitting at an electronic console, ready to unleash nuclear hell. In front of me is a strange amalgamation of '60s-era flip switches and modern digital display screens. It's the control console for launching an intercontinental ballistic missile or ICBM.
On an archaic display screen in the center of the console, three large letters blink in rapid succession. "EAM inbound," says my deputy commander and the second member of the launch crew. An emergency-action message is on its way, maybe from the Joint Chiefs of Staff, maybe from the Commander of U.S. Strategic Command, maybe even from the president. We both mechanically pull down our code books, thick binders swollen with pages of alpha-numeric sequences, and swiftly decipher the message.
After nearly four years of pulling ICBM-alert duty, this process is instinctive. I deliberately recite the encrypted characters to ensure my deputy is on the same page, literally and figuratively, as six short characters can effectively communicate a wealth of information through the use of special decoding binders. "Charlie, Echo, Seven, Quebec, Golf, Bravo, six characters ending in Bravo." My partner concurs, scribbling in their code book.
"Crowd pleaser," they add without emotion, referring to a war plan that mandates immediate release of our entire flight of nuclear missiles, 10 in all.
Of course, this is just a training scenario. The coded orders are a simulation. The console is a mockup of the real thing, stowed away in a larger hanger and serviced seven days a week by a small staff of Boeing contractors.
If this were a real event, I'd be buried in a steel cocoon 100 feet underground. I'd have shed my standard-issue flight suit and boots. Instead, I'd be wearing sweats, fleece-lined slippers and, naturally, my indispensable, royal blue Snuggie.
America and their nuclear warriors have an odd relationship. For decades, missileers (as we're known in the military) have quietly performed their duties, custodians of a dying breed of weapon. But American citizens have no real connection with the shadowy operators who stand the old posts of the Cold War, despite the fact that they spend up to $8 billion a year to maintain our country's nuclear deterrent. The truth is the job is an awesome responsibility, but it's deeply weird.
Back in the air-conditioned simulator, my deputy and I carefully, but quickly, walk through a precisely choreographed preparation sequence. Unlock codes provided by the president allow us to enable the missiles for launch, a function similar to the safety switch of a gun. At this moment, the safety is off.
Several times during the process, we verify that the orders are authentic and formatted properly, and that they originate from the appropriate command authorities. Both of us keep a sharp eye out for a "termination message," a quick stand-down notification that would cancel our attack orders. None comes.
We finish our sequence in less than a minute, leaving 30 seconds to spare before initiating our practice launch. It feels like an eternity. My deputy stares at their keyboard, while my eyes are locked on a large red clock above our heads. The clock is set to Greenwich Mean Time ("Zulu time" in missile parlance), and is checked against the Navy's atomic clock twice a day for accuracy down to the millisecond.
At 10 seconds out, we place our hands on a series of launch switches. Contrary to popular myth, there is no red button. Four launch switches means it takes four hands to launch – it's one of many safety mechanisms built into the system as a means of preventing unauthorized execution of missiles by a lone individual. At five seconds out, I start my countdown, commanding a final "3, 2, 1 – execute."
We turn our keys, and watch as the control screen flashes with missile-launch notifications. Some fly immediately, some with a delay to prevent nuclear fratricide when the bombs approach their targets in 20 to 30 minutes.
The Ultimate Enemy: Boredom —————————
In four years on nuclear-alert duty, I ran through an infinite number of attack sequences and fought countless virtual nuclear wars. I knew how to target my missiles within minutes and launch them within seconds. The process was rigorous, thorough and fully governed by a checklist that was, to our knowledge, without defect. The room for human error was minimal.
But that training was about as exciting as the job got, a blessing considering the mission. Being a missileer means that your worst enemy is boredom. No battlefield heroism, no medals to be won. The duty is seen today as a dull anachronism.
Old hats, the squadron commanders who pulled nuclear alert during the sunset of the Cold War, spin tales of the good old days over sweaty mugs of beer at base officer clubs. The harsh mediocrity of missile duty is demanding enough to extract an emotional and physical toll, but cushy enough that missileers are too ashamed to acknowledge any misery. Missileers get warm sheets and hot food; Marines sleep in the mud.
For the missileers of the 9/11 generation, relevancy – a dwindling commodity in a dwindling community – is a vicarious experience. During the Cold War, they had real-time intelligence briefings, screaming klaxons and a force three times larger than the current inventory. Today there's Facebook and PowerPoint.
The missile field is attached to Wyoming's FE Warren Air Force Base, one of three such fields nationwide. It's approximately the size of Rhode Island.
When the deep silos for the ICBMs and underground alert facilities were dug in the 1960s, military planners spaced each site several miles apart as a survivability feature. The distance ensured a perverse tit-for-tat approach to nuclear game theory, born of the outdated mutually assured destruction epoch but sophisticated enough in its simplicity. An attack would require one nuke to kill one nuke. It meant a two-hour drive from base to the alert facility, a winding journey through America's high plains.
During a typical four-year tour, missileers spend more than a year separated from their families and work an average of 25 days a month on alert or in training. In the good old days, the oncoming alert force would show up at 0800 for a five-minute pre-deployment briefing. Thanks to Microsoft's growing influence in the U.S. military, that five-minute weather and maintenance brief has ballooned into an hour-long PowerPoint extravaganza.
"Alerts" are something of a misnomer, another cultural handle better suited the Cold War. Two officers seal themselves behind a 4-ton blast door, in a small capsule similar in size to an 18-wheeler's freight rig, for a 24-hour period. Remaining alert is the real challenge.
I've spent long, quiet hours with lights dimmed – reading, monitoring the status of the missiles, watching DVDs (Lost and Entourage were favorites), and fighting a growing sense of boredom, containment and isolation.
My First Nuclear "Strike" ————————-
One way to fend off those symptoms is humor. Early in my tour, I was startled out of the rack by a playful commander who had triggered the fire alarm, cut the lights and figured out how to make the capsule sway back and forth on the heavy chains that anchored it to the ceiling. My training told me that these conditions were indications of a nuclear strike.
To my colleague's eternal amusement, I sprinted around the capsule in a pair of polka-dotted boxer shorts trying to simultaneously restore command over the system and nurse the banged head that happened when I was jolted from a pleasant sleep.
Though tedious, missile duty is not without perks. The uniform regulations are relaxed, though not by design. Once the blast door thuds shut and a crew is free from the prying eyes of the public or enlisted personnel topside, out come the pajamas and hooded sweatshirts.
In a favorite missileer uniform patch (right), the Grim Reaper sits at an ICBM console, dressed in bunny slippers. In the real world, death wears a campus T-shirt, JCrew bottoms and the ubiquitous Snuggie. The silly blanket-robe hybrid is suited to the missile force, keeping an officer toasty while allowing them to interact with the weapons console unobstructed.
Missileers learn that on alert, comfort is as important as humor. One enterprising fellow liked to string a hammock between the two command chairs and stretch out for their long shifts at the console. Videogame systems are forbidden, a rule that was mocked until it got out that wireless Nintendo Wii controllers could cause the system to detect a false electromagnetic pulse attack and shut down.
I used to imagine that I'd have some sort of stiff-upper-lip moment should I receive "the order," where I'd shed the Snuggie and slippers, zip up my flight suit, and make imperial references about "going out proper."
Though the USSR is gone, the assignment still has a kamikaze feel to it, left over from the Cold War, when a launch meant instant Soviet counter-battery fire. You resign yourself to the fact that you sit 100 feet underground while bombs that crater down to 200 feet are headed in your direction. It doesn't make for much peace of mind.
Isolation often gives way to reflection, and missile duty brings out strange conundrums.
Missile training fosters an unquestioning, automation mentality. I was trained to be a cog in the machine: Orders were orders, and a lawful command from the president was not subject to debate or dissonance.
Every missileer is carefully screened for mental aptitude and stability, yet they're evaluated for their readiness to unleash hell.
Though I never doubted that I would execute a launch order without question, other misgivings occasionally surfaced. We arrested a group of Catholic nuns staging a peaceful protest on one of our launch facilities a few years back. For a missileer who is a practicing Catholic, such a situation brings up questions: If women who have committed themselves to the Word of God feel so strongly about the immorality of nuclear weapons that they're willing to be confined for their convictions, what kind of Christian am I to sit at the launch switch? How do you resolve a conflict between duty to your God and duty to your country? Who wins, faith or flag?
That a capacity for great violence sustains great peace is one of the genuine paradoxes of our time, and I wrestled with that from time to time. The human factor is the system's greatest vulnerability, something I unwittingly contributed to whenever I engaged in high-minded navel gazing.
But these philosophical battles were not ours to fight – even in the quiet solitude of an archaic outpost, fighting yesterday's war.
*John Noonan is a policy advisor and defense writer. They served as a Captain in the United States Air Force, assigned to the 321st Missile Squadron in Cheyenne, Wyoming. *
Photos: DoD, courtesy Chuck Penson
See Also:
The War On Terror Has Dialed Our Notions Of Justice Back About 4,000 Years
Share On FacebookTweet Post
After the attack on the nightlife of The City of Light, the media immediately turned to the Eiffel Tower as the symbol of Paris, and of solidarity with the French. But there is an equally exquisite building in Paris that captures France at least as well. The Louvre is the world's greatest showcase of a sweeping history of humanity's greatest artistic masterpieces. And while most tourists flock to the Mona Lisa, deeper in the palace's bowels is a Hall of Babylonian artifacts. The most significant of them is Hammurabi's Code of Law, chiseled onto a basalt stele over 3,700 years ago.
Hammurabi's Code is the source of the saying, “An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth.” This is one of the oldest known recordings of the rule of law. In ancient times, revenge and the idea of justice were one and the same.
The War on Terror has trapped Us in a spiral Of tit for tat, with no end in sight
Across Western society, we like to think that today, we rely on democracy for power, diplomacy and negotiation for harmony in the international order, the Geneva Conventions for restraint in combat, and restorative correction for justice. In the endless ‘War on Terror,' we have abandoned all pretense of these nuanced trappings of civilization. We want revenge, and we are trapped in a spiral of tit for tat, and in each successive moment, it passes for justice. Each time we strike back, true justice–in the sense of global equality, development, enfranchisement, and peace–drifts further and further out of our reach.
French President Francois Hollande swiftly ordered a bombing raid on ISIS's de facto capital in Syria, Raqqa. They called the attacks on Paris an “act of war.” This rhetoric is calculated to lock NATO into backing France materially, as well as to steel the French population for a protracted campaign, and increased security measures.
Criticizing Hollande for these actions is hard. Anything less than martial chest thumping and a good solid punch on ISIS's nose would seem weak, and would empower their political opponents. But this demonstrates that the French president is as much a prisoner of our moral quagmire as the rest of us.
The satisfaction of bombing Raqqa in retaliation for the attacks on Paris is superficial at best, pathological at worst. The ISIS militants holding Raqqa are mostly foreign invaders. They have been massacring and tormenting the population of Raqqa since they arrived. Surely the jihadists knew France's bombing raid was coming and dug in. This leaves whatever terrorized population that hasn't managed to flee caught in the crossfire between ISIS guns and French bombs. This is a population more susceptible to recruitment by fanatics. These kinds of populations are growing every day.
Looking back we see the region was destabilized decades ago
Since Ronald Reagan armed mujaheddin in Afghanistan to sting Russian helicopters out of the sky in the 1980s, every turn of the screw has worsened the situation. Tit Saddam's invasion of Kuwait, tat American troops in Saudi Arabia. Tit 9/11. Tat Saddam Hussein swings from a gallows. Tit ISIS takes seed. Tat Paris. Tit Raqqa. Tomorrow's tat: London? Washington DC?
During the Cold War, we negotiated with the Soviet Union. A war between the nuclear-armed superpowers was so unthinkable that it forced an ethos of grand bargaining. There was, of course, epic bloodshed and intrigue in proxy wars along the frontiers of the two spheres, which wrapped around the globe like the stitching on a baseball. We were civilized, to an extent, by the policy of containment. It required de-escalation and negotiation. And when we ‘won' the Cold War, the Soviet empire unraveled without a shot fired.
Despite half a century of avoiding a showdown between the two most potentially deadly empires in history, today's zeitgeist is very different. Around the world, we increasingly empower institutions and individuals preparing for a major confrontation between Eastern and Western civilizations. America's destruction of Iraq combined with the Sunni Persian Gulf states, like Saudi Arabia that support ISIS's war against Syrian dictator Bashar al-Assad allow ISIS to pursue its lunatic goal of building a ‘caliphate‘ by sparking a war between Islam and the West. Meanwhile, the military-industrial complex of the US and NATO created to destroy the Nazis and Imperial Japan, empowered by the Cold War, seem to hold our politics hostage to a policy of keeping an international conflict simmering at a low boil. The mid-90s is the only time since 1942 that the US has not been engaged in some sort of multi-front global conflict.
We are all prisoners to these uber-forces that reinforce each other. The large-scale militarization of Western society, and its massive footprint around the globe protecting client dictators and the flow of oil result in the post-conflict devastation that allows al Qaeda and ISIS to take root. And ISIS's fascist nightmare existence seemingly justifies the militarization of Western society. Meanwhile, the militarists on both sides hold their populations hostage with brute force and relentless propaganda that there is no choice but to strike a blow against the threat. Each attack creates a worsening situation and an increasing oversimplification and brutalization of our notions of justice and defense.
With each Strike, we throw more of what makes our societies good and just out the window.
After 9/11, we tortured, curtailed civil liberties, and imprisoned detainees, some of whom still languish in Guantanamo. In the immediate aftermath of the Paris attacks, the right wing Polish government decided to close its borders to Syrian refugees, while Ted Cruz called for a bombing campaign with greater ‘tolerance' for civilian casualties.
We have painted the world into a corner where we can no longer negotiate; we can only approach problems by killing and dehumanizing vast numbers of people. We can only pursue futile revenge, over and over. We can only empower the people willing to deal death. And anyone who disagrees is weak and naive.
The modern zeitgeist is paranoid and psychotic. In the West, we fear attack and death and restrict culture and civil society to prevent it. The militants holding Islamic culture hostage seek death and maximal casualties. They try to minimize culture to control populations. The symbol of our times is an armed drone stalking a suicide bomber. We are hostage to an endless war between the machine of a West that can't bear to look on its own destruction and a militant who has embraced death as the only way of life.
The only way out of this trap is a movement of creativity and courage on a global scale. We must refuse to be paranoid. We must hold leaders accountable, and expose the corrupting influence of our banks and war industries. We must demand alternative energy to leave something of the environment for the future, and to wean ourselves off of the Middle East's cursed oil and the dictators who hold the spigots. We must imagine a better world and insist on it.
And we should remember, when our leaders tell us that we must seek ancient Babylonian justice and pound the latest attacker, Gandhi's (apocryphal) quote: “An eye for an eye leaves the whole world blind.”
Featured image via creative commons.
There are thousands of different metrics you could use when filling out your bracket. Speaking from experience, no matter how much basketball you watch you will always lose your pool to someone who picked the teams based on jersey colors or how cool their mascot is. There are a number of advanced statistics websites designed to give you a leg up on the rest of your office pool come March Madness.
One of the most important factors to consider when filling out your NCAA Tournament bracket is coaching ability. In a tournament where so many games come down to the wire, a coaching advantage can be the difference between moving on and going home. Quantifying what makes a “good tournament coach” versus a bad one is tricky. Some people will point to overall tournament records, but that can often be misleading. The coach of a 15-seed who knocks off a 2-seed deserves more credit for that win that the coach of a 1 seed who beats a 16-seed. If you want to truly measure a coaches prowess in the tournament, you have to look at how to perform compared to how they were supposed to perform.
I decided to research which coaches consistently outperform their seed expectation and how much fail to live up to expectations. When I say “seed expectations” I am referring to how far a team should make it based on their seed number if the entire tournament goes chalk.
Seed expectation means:
1 seeds should make the Final Four
2 seeds should make the Elite Eight
3 and 4 seeds should make the Sweet Sixteen
5-8 seeds should make the second round
9-16 seeds should lose in the first round.
If a team exceeds these expectations, then they overachieved, if they lost before they were supposed to, they underachieved and if they lost exactly when they were supposed to then the properly achieved. I divided the prominent coaches in this years tournament into three groups, based on their tournament history at their current schools compared to their seed expectations. When you look at past results, it is clear that three coaches stand above the rest when it comes to NCAA Tournament Performance.
This list is obviously not perfect as it is hard to compare someone like Coach K who has been to 33 NCAA Tournaments at Duke to a coach like Tony Bennett who has only been to the Big Dance five times since taking the reigns at Virginia. Nevertheless, this list is definitely worth considering if you want to get a leg up on the the rest of your bracket pool. Without further ado, here is the list.
The Bad
Bill Self (Kansas)
Overachieved (3) – 2004, 2008*, 2012
Underachieved (9) – 2005, 2006, 2007, 2010, 2011, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016
Properly achieved (1) – 2009
Tony Bennett (Virginia)
Overachieved – None
Underachieved (3) – 2014, 2015, 2016
Properly achieved (1) – 2012
The Good
Mike Krzyzewski (Duke)
Overachieved (13) – 1986, 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991*, 1992*, 1994, 1999, 2001*, 2004, 2010*, 2015*
Underachieved (16) – 1984, 1985, 1993, 1996, 1997, 1998, 2000, 2002, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2011, 2012, 2014
Properly achieved (3) – 2003, 2013, 2016
Roy Williams (North Carolina)
Overachieved (3) – 2005, 2009*, 2016
Underachieved (3) – 2006, 2007, 2012
Properly achieved (6) – 2004, 2008, 2011, 2013, 2014, 2015
Mark Few (Gonzaga)
Overachieved (5) – 2000, 2001, 2003, 2011, 2016
Underachieved (6) – 2002, 2004, 2005, 2008, 2013, 2015
Properly achieved (6) – 2006, 2007, 2009, 2010, 2012, 2014
Jay Wright (Villanova)
Overachieved (4) – 2005, 2008, 2009, 2016*
Underachieved (3) – 2006, 2010, 2014
Properly achieved (3) – 2007, 2011, 2013
John Calipari (Kentucky)
Overachieved (3) – 2011, 2012*, 2014
Underachieved (2) – 2010, 2016
Properly achieved (1) – 2015
Mike Brey (Notre Dame)
Overachieved (3) – 2003, 2015, 2016
Underachieved (4) – 2007, 2010, 2011, 2013
Properly achieved (4) – 2001, 2002, 2008, 2012
Bob Huggins (West Virginia)
Overachieved (3) – 2008, 2010, 2015
Underachieved (2) – 2009, 2016
Properly achieved (2) – 2011, 2012
John Beilein (Michigan)
Overachieved (2) – 2009, 2013
Underachieved (2) – 2012
Properly achieved (3) – 2011, 2014, 2016
Mick Cronin (Cincinnati)
Overachieved (1) – 2012
Underachieved (1) – 2014
Properly achieved (4) – 2011, 2013, 2015, 2016
Chris Mack (Xavier)
Overachieved (3) – 2010, 2012, 2015
Underachieved (3) – 2011, 2014, 2016
Properly achieved – None
Sean Miller (Arizona)
Overachieved (2) – 2011, 2013
Underachieved (2) – 2014, 2016
Properly achieved (2) – 2015
Matt Painter (Purdue)
Overachieved (3) – 2007, 2009, 2012
Underachieved (2) – 2011, 2016
Properly achieved (3) – 2008, 2010, 2015
Scott Drew (Baylor)
Overachieved (3) – 2010, 2012, 2014
Underachieved (2) – 2015, 2016
Properly achieved (1) – 2008
The Great
Tom Izzo (Michigan State)
Overachieved (9) – 2000*, 2003, 2005, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2014, 2015
Underachieved (4) – 2004, 2006, 2012, 2016
Properly achieved (6) – 1998, 1999, 2001, 2002, 2011, 2013
Rick Pitino (Louisville)
Overachieved (5) – 2005, 2008, 2012, 2013*, 2015
Underachieved (3) – 2004, 2009, 2011
Properly achieved (3) – 2007, 2010, 2014
Gregg Marshall (Wichita State)
Overachieved (5) – 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016
Underachieved (1) – 2012
Properly achieved – None
Wrapped up in yesterday's announcement about McLaren Automotive breaking into profit for the first time was the news that a new, hardcore McLaren P1 track version will be launched next year.
It seems incredible to think that anyone would want an even faster, more focused McLaren P1. But Woking has consulted the 375 owners and found out that their appetite for speed apparently knows no bounds.
McLaren P1 track car: what we know
The McLaren P1 is not just quick on the road - it also flew out of dealer showrooms; all 375 models were snapped up within six months of its announcement at the 2013 Geneva Motor Show. One hundred P1s have been built and delivered to customers already and the production run is due to end in summer 2015.
That's when McLaren will turn its attention to the P1 track-day pack. It will be a beefed-up version of the P1 and will not be road-legal.
It will only be offered to existing P1 owners, CAR understands; no extra cars will be built and nobody else can jump the queue, according to our sources.
Incredibly, the P1 track car will have even more power than the 903bhp road car. Whether the extra horses will be squeezed from the 727bhp bi-turbo 3.8-litre V8 or the 176bhp electric motor is unknown at this point.
'This project is in the relatively early stages,' said an official. 'We know there is interest and we are consulting with owners to see how extreme it should be. But it is likely to get a wider track, a fixed ride height and more aggressive styling. Because it is not road-legal, it won't have to drive over speed bumps and suchlike.'
How quick will the McLaren P1 track version be?
That's the $64m question. The 'regular' P1 is an extraordinary achievement, which left CAR's Gavin Green - a veteran of every fast supercar of the past four decades - reaching for their superlatives.
'There's never been a car so fast, so thrilling, so deliciously rewarding to power and manipulate around a track,' they wrote in CAR magazine. 'There's never been a car that offers such an astonishing breadth of capabilities. Just as they did with the wonderful F1 road car, the men from McLaren have once again redefined the supercar.'
McLaren quotes a 217mph limited top speed and 0-62mph in just 2.8sec for the 'regular' P1. Yet with its hybrid powertrain, it musters 34mpg and 194g/km of CO2 on the combined cycle.
The mind boggles to think how an even faster P1 would drive...
McLaren delivered 36 P1s in the 2013, has now delivered more than 100 to customers and is on course to build the rest of the 375-strong run by this time next year.
The £866,000 hypercar has helped McLaren Automotive post its first profit; yesterday it announced a £4.5m pre-tax profit in 2013 off the back of turnover swollen to £285m.
Hilton Kramer, who died on March 27 at the age of 84, was a much more complicated man than is sometimes acknowledged. They were both a neoconservative cultural warrior who liked nothing better than plunging into a noisy, nasty battle and an exacting aesthete for whom life would have been impossible without the sustenance of art and literature. I certainly saw both sides of Hilton during the decade that I wrote for The New Criterion, beginning in the mid-1980s. When we went out for lunch in a little French restaurant in the West Fifties that Hilton admired for its tarnished savoir-faire, I think I recognized, behind their masklike self-confidence, traces of the young man from Massachusetts who had embraced intellectual and bohemian Manhattan with a lover's ardor. And when I read their craziest polemics—there were times when they seemed to believe that The New York Times and The New York Review of Books were responsible for everything that was wrong with American culture—I knew that behind the fire and brimstone there was the pain of a brokenhearted lover, who despite their irrepressibly upbeat demeanor could not bear what Warholism had done to the world of artists and writers where they had always felt most at home. They were right about Warholism. They were right about political correctness. They were right about other things. The trouble was that the fight took on a life of its own, until the warrior in Hilton nearly crushed the aesthete.
Hilton's almost two decades at The New York Times—the paper which they would so gleefully attack in later years—made them into a cultural figure with a reach that went way beyond the art world. Without their Times credentials, it is hardly possible that they would have had the standing needed to launch The New Criterion in 1982. But it is in the work they did at Arts magazine in the years around 1960—he wrote for the magazine and was for a time its editor—that you see the wide-ranging curiosity and undogmatic taste that really defined their cosmopolitan spirit. Among the artists at the beginning of their careers whom they wrote about with sympathy were the abstractionists Ellsworth Kelly and George Ortman and the representational painters Philip Pearlstein and Louisa Matthiasdottir. They were fascinated by the individual artist's relationship with the wider world, describing in one instance what they called the “Pollock myth” and how “the context assumes an importance equal to—and possibly even greater than—the work itself.” As an editor, they were welcoming to the Dadaist Hans Richter's memoirs and to the critic Vernon Young's writings on film. Let us not forget that some of the Minimalist Donald Judd's best writing was done for Hilton; years later, in the introduction to their collected criticism, the laconic Judd observed that “it may be hard to believe but Hilton Kramer was easy to work for.”
In their heart of hearts, I think Hilton always prized heterogeneity. Their first book—The Age of the Avant-Garde: An Art Chronicle of 1956-1972, which takes them from Arts to The New York Times—reflects their considerable range of interests, encompassing appreciations of both the “icy voluptuousness” of Richard Lindner's “erotic fantasy” and the “Whitmanesque ambitions” of Mark di Suvero's sculpture. Hilton wrote with great feeling about modern sculpture, cared deeply for unsung pioneers of American modernism such as John Storrs, and when photography was still seen as somewhat marginal in the art world they wrote about it at the Times with great consistency, vigor, and seriousness. The Age of the Avant-Garde and The Revenge of the Philistines—panoramic art chronicles that Hilton surely patterned after Edmund Wilson's literary chronicles—are a passionately lucid achievement, a steady eye trained on the crazy quilt of art in New York and beyond. Hilton's main weakness as a critic, at least as I see it, is their tendency to back away from a climax. Too often the judiciousness stands in the way of their enthusiasm; I want them to expostulate a bit more about the things they love. What is remarkable is their extraordinary scope and pinpoint detail.
Rereading The Age of the Avant-Garde and The Revenge of the Philistines (what terrific titles!), I find myself wondering if the boldface simplifications of Hilton's later polemics came out of their frustration at how little their most judicious judgments had done to affect the course of events. After years spent weighing the virtues of countless artists and exhibitions, they found all of their careful calculations swept away by the onslaught of Pop and the transformation of museums into funhouses. Who can wonder that Hilton lost their cool? Who can wonder that the complicator became a simplifier? I know I should not have been surprised. But I did find it strange to watch, beginning with the white-hot controversies around the funding of the National Endowment for the Arts, as this extraordinarily subtle man stood shoulder to shoulder with right-wing ideologues who cared as little for Mondrian as they did for Mapplethorpe. Hilton may have imagined that their own taste was too fine to be compromised by their outrageous crudity. Despite all they knew about the dumbing-down of the media, they underestimated the power of the press to coarsen their own ideas.
We got back onto the main highway off from Stokes Look out to head back to Rawnsley Park and this is where we encountered “the Emu!!!!” (cue music from Jaws). We were just driving along the road, minding our own business when we noticed 2 emu's at the side of the road and slowed right down, as Australian animals have a tendency to run in front of the car like they're on a suicide mission.
The emus turned around and started to run away, so we increased our speed a little as we passed them and continued on with our conversation, then all of a sudden one Emu turned around and BAMMM ran straight into the side of the 4wd. Trying to get over the initial shock, we pulled over and looked back to see if the Emu was ok, it was obviously not, as it was flailing around like a “chicken without a head”. We thought we must have broken its neck because its head hit the side mirror.
Being responsible people, we pulled over further to ensure we wouldn't cause an accident and jumped out to check the Emu and/or move the body off of the road (as we did not have phone reception to contact any rangers). I came around the car to and our driver was frozen at the door, I asked if they were okay and they said “I'm pretty sure the emu is dead” I looked back at the emu lying on the road, it was still “kicking”.
I turned back to see a very gruesome sight! The Emu's head was hanging off the side mirror! I felt like we were in some kind of horror movie!!!!! It's weird though because there was no blood on the side of the car…..Poor thing! We removed the head then moved the body off the road. (And no sorry, we didn't take any photos, it was pretty gruesome!) Still to this day, I have no idea how we decapitated the Emu, we weren't going that fast, it's like its head just “popped off”. Check out our guide of “What to do it you hit a Kangaroo (or any animal)”
After that incident we drove to “Huck's look out” to have a sugary soft drink and have somewhere safe to park. It shouldn't be surprising that hitting an animal can be a shock to the system but when its head falls off!! You feel a little frazzled!
Have you every experienced anything this crazy? Please share you crazy story with us, it will make us feel less like monsters!
14 people have so far been confirmed dead following heavy rains and floods that have hit Nairobi.
7 people have died, after a six storey building on Friday night collapsed, at Huruma area, and more than 100 others have so far been rescued.
Kenya Red Cross, Police, military and National Youth Service (NYS) teams are currently leading search and rescue operations to rescue more people who are said to be trapped in the rubble.
Kenya Red cross society Communications Officer Arnolda Shiund says, 60 rescued people had been taken to Kenyatta National Hospital, with three still admitted, while the rest have already been treated and discharged.
The Kenya Red cross society has since set up a tracing desk at the Starehe CDF Hall for those looking to trace a loved one.
On Friday, four other people were killed after a perimeter wall collapsed on Lenana Road, near the Department of Defence headquarters and the Russian Embassy,following the heavy rains.
2 others are also reported to have died on Lusaka road, after their vehicle was washed away by floods, while a woman in South B area died after they allegedly drowned in flood waters.
For Citizen TV updates
Join @citizentvke Telegram channel
Video Of The Day: Seven charged for impersonating President Uhuru Kenyatta
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bosses at Strathclyde University's state-of-the-art Technology and Innovation Centre (TIC) have told scholars to stop pooing in bins and showers.
About 400 students and 250 staff at the £89million science hub have been warned over disgusting toilet habits.
An email was sent by the facility's operations management team warning that WCs must be used to dump waste.
Chiefs believe the centre's multicultural population may have caused the problem, which has left the building's cleaning staff kicking up a stink.
Thursday's memo to “TIC occupants” said: “Given the incidence of people pooing in bins, showers and the likes – can I please remind all TIC occupants that the toilets have been provided for that specific purpose.
“All bodily fluids, solids and toilet paper must be disposed of down the toilet.
“While I appreciate that the TIC population is multi-cultural and different countries have different practices, here in the UK the accepted practice is to use only the WC.”
The hygiene warning came after sanitation staff lodged complaints about the unusual places at the space-age building they were having to clean.
Academics and students from all over the world have made the TIC, which was opened in 2015, their base.
A Strathclyde University spokesperson said: “We've apologised for any offence caused to colleagues.
“The email contained sentiments completely contrary to our institutional values and should not have been sent.
“It was recalled as soon as it came to our attention and we swiftly issued an apology to staff.”
Less than a week after a mistrial was declared in Bill Cosby's criminal case for the 2004 sexual assault of Andrea Constand, the actor shamelessly is getting ready to go on the road to teach people how to avoid being charged with sex crimes.
“We have received hundreds of calls from civic organizations and churches who want to hear Mr. Cosby speak at town halls about the issue of criminal justice, how the deal they were given was taken away and the Willie Horton style ad that got the current D.A. in office and after Mr. Cosby,” Cosby's spokesperson Andrew Wyatt told Deadline today, confirming remarks they and fellow flack Ebonee Benson made on Alabama local TV earlier Thursday (see video below). “These organizations fear for young men and women today; this is bigger than Bill Cosby,” Wyatt added.
“We have just started talks this week, but Birmingham is going to be one of the cities, perhaps Chicago and Detroit, lots of places,” Wyatt said of the tour that starts in July, which could come as the Montgomery County District Attorney's office continues to move forward with a planned new trial by the end of the year. Wyatt had no comment on questions about the appropriateness or optics of such a tour by Cosby, who would have to register as a sex offender among their punishments if found guilty in a new trial.
The PR rep was reprimanded by the judge in the Norristown, PA, courtroom for their remarks to the media during the trial that ended on June 17 after more than 50 hours of deliberations by the ultimately deadlocked jurors. Cosby, who turns 80 next month, faces more than 10 years in jail if convicted on three felony charges of second-degree aggravated indecent assault that the Montgomery County D.A. Kevin Steele still is charging the actor with.
Cosby took to social media today in what sure felt like the opening salvo in a victory lap:
Today, Steele's office had no response about the announcement of the planned tour, but another lawyer representing several other women among the dozens and dozens who have said that Cosby drugged and sexually assaulted them sure did.
“Mr. Cosby's so-called workshops appear to be a transparent and slick effort to attempt to influence the jury pool from which jurors will be selected for their second criminal trial,” Gloria Allred said Thursday. “Mr. Cosby should understand, however, that this is not about optics,” added the attorney, who was in Judge Steven O'Neill's courtroom every day of the June 5-starting trial.
“It is about evidence, and according to news reports at least 10 jurors out of 12 voted to convict them on one felony count,” Allred said, noting the anonymous interview that ABC News had with a former juror Wednesday after O'Neill made public the names of the previously sequestered jury of seven men and five women and the six alternates. Despite being told not to by the judge, other juror and alternates have revealed details of their intense deliberations to the media.
“Under the circumstances, Mr. Cosby should not be conducting sex assault workshops, but if they do do them then the best advice they can give to those attending is that if you do not drug and sexually assault women, then you need not worry about being charged with a crime,” they added.
While admitting in a 2005 deposition they gave former Temple University employee Constand several blue Benadryl pills that night at their Philadelphia area mansion in January 2004, Cosby always has said the incident was consensual.
Elected late last year partially on a campaign promise to prosecute Cosby, Steele arraigned the actor in December 2015 just before the Keystone State's statute of limitations for sex crimes expired. It is the only criminal case against the actor despite more than 60 women accusing them of drugging and sexually assaulting them over the decades.
Here is Wyatt and Benson's appearance on Good Morning Alabama today:
Congress could soon throw a monkey-wrench into Barack Obama's retirement finances, yanking their presidential pension since they are reportedly cashing in with six-figure speaking fees.
Former presidents currently receive $207,800 per year, the same amount cabinet secretaries are paid.
But lawmakers are considering a move to shrink that payment – dollar for dollar – for Oval Office retirees who collect more than $400,000 in income.
Last year Obama vetoed a bill that did just that.
Former president Barack Obama will see their presidential pension vanish if Congress passes a law that they vetoed last year
'The Obama hypocrisy on this issue is revealing,' Utah Republican Rep. Jason Chaffetz told USA Today. 'His veto was very self-serving.'
Chaffetz and Iowa Republican Sen. Joni Ernst plan to reintroduce the legislation soon.
The ranking Democrat on the House Oversight committee, Elijah Cummings, likely won't stand in their way.
'Cummings definitely supports the concept, and if we can work out the technical issues with the bill that arose late in the last Congress, we expect they would strongly support it again,' their spokesperson Jennifer Hoffman Werner said.
House Oversight and Government Reform Committee chairperson Jason Chaffetz says they will reintroduce the bill this year
President Donald Trump has said they will not accept a salary during their time in office. It's unclear whether they could collect a pension after their tenure comes to an end.
Obama is collecting $400,000 per speech. And they and former first lady Michelle Obama have reportedly signed a two-book publishing contract worth $65 million.
Abstract rappers Open Mike Eagle and Serengeti have teamed up as Cavanaugh, and will be releasing a new album titled Time & Materials on November 20.
Mixed by Commitee. and mastered by Daddy Kev, the duo's debut release was announced with the accompanying description:
In a new urban development on the far west side of Detroit, Florida, it's mandated by a 5 to 4 city council votes that a new housing structure be erected that has both luxury condominium units available for private ownership and section 7 housing in the same building. Via separate entrances the Cavanaugh building services two very different populations. And though the lifestyles of the residents vary, each unit relies on the same system of pipes and wiring and are serviced by the same crew. Mike and Dave have a combined 14 years of experience in Cavanaugh maintenance. They usually work drunk, mumbling greetings to the residents, soaking up all the disdain that the higher and lower income inhabitants have for each other. They talk shit to each other all day. Complaining about their home lives, spinning passive aggressive tales where they pretend to be angrier, stronger, more expressive men.
Stream the album's lead single, “Screen Play,” below:
Republican Sen. Ted Cruz became the first big-name politician to announce a 2016 presidential bid during an address at Liberty University in Lynchburg, Va.
Cruz, of Texas, asked the audience to "imagine" (a word they used 38 times) what they believed a conservative administration could accomplish.
"Think just how different the world would be. Imagine instead of economic stagnation, booming economic growth," Cruz said. "Instead of small businesses going out of business in record numbers, imagine small businesses growing and prospering. Imagine young people coming out of school with four, five, six job offers."
Let's leave imagination land and return to the real world to evaluate whether businesses are closing their doors "in record numbers."
Cruz's campaign didn't respond to our inquiries, so we hunted down the data on our own. We found that while the height of the recession was particularly tough on small businesses, it's quite a stretch to say things are still worse than ever.
To begin, one common definition for "small business" is 500 employees or fewer, so we'll keep that in mind as we go through the numbers. But also know that 90 percent of those small businesses have 20 or fewer employees, which might be closer to what an average person considers a "small business."
The Center for Economic Studies at the U.S. Census Bureau surveys private businesses and their administrative records to track the number of firms and establishments over time. We want to look at firms with fewer than 500 employees, not establishments, which would include every single Starbucks across America. Firms are a count of companies no matter the number of locations, which allows us to single out small businesses in the truest sense.
The number of firm "deaths" — meaning every location owned by a business was completely closed down — for businesses with fewer than 500 employees has been trending up since 1984. The peak came in 2009 during the height of the recession, when nearly 500,000 small businesses closed their doors.
However, as of 2012 (the last year available) the number of business deaths had fallen back to where they were in 2005, 1998 and 1988.
Data for the last couple years is not available, but if the trend from 2010 to 2012 holds, those numbers would likely paint an improved picture, said Zoltan Acs, on leave as director of the Center for Entrepreneurship and Public Policy at George Mason University.
"Those are all recession years and we know that we've been adding jobs for the last couple years so this is no longer happening," Acs said. "But the data is not up to date."
The steady rise in businesses closing also looks less drastic when you compare the number of closures to the total number of small businesses.
As you can see by the chart below, the rate of closures came close to peak levels in 2009, but the high point remains the late 1970s and early 1980s, when the percentage of businesses that closed exceeded 10.5 percent. More recently, the rate is on par with much of the last three decades.
In addition to the rise in business closures during the recession, another decades-long trend has concerned economists: People are creating small businesses at a slower rate. Together, the two issues created a situation where "business deaths exceed business births for the first time in the 30-plus-year history of our data," according to a May 2014 Brookings Institute analysis.
As it was, from 2008 to 2011, the economy lost a significant number of small businesses annually, the first instance of back-to-back years of negative small business growth in the 35 years of available research. That's certainly alarming.
However, the most recent data from the Center for Economic Studies shows the economy gained 84,674 small firms in 2012.
"It's not a really clear picture," said William McDowell, an entrepreneurship professor at Middle Tennessee State and president of the Small Business Institute. "It's all a big mess when you try to make some broadstroke statements. There's no real research to defend what he's trying to show."
Our ruling
Cruz claimed small businesses were "going out of business in record numbers."
In terms of sheer volume, that was true in 2009, at the height of the recession, though the data only goes back to 1977. However, the total number of closures has since fallen. Data for the most recent year, 2012, shows business closures at about what they were in 2005.
The percentage of firms that closed was quite high in 2009, but it wasn't the highest point, and more recently, it is in line with historical figures. We rate Cruz's statement False.
"We're just people who are really into the idea of doing it right," Peele says of the decision to walk away from the Comedy Central hit.
The world only found out about the end of Key & Peele in July, but the two title stars and their collaborators knew the show's time was coming for the better part of a year.
"I think we knew coming into last season," says Jordan Peele, who co-created and stars in the Comedy Central series with Keegan-Michael Key. In an interview with The Hollywood Reporter, Peele discusses what that decision means for them and Key; why now — the final episode airs Sept. 9 — is the right time to go out; and what viewers can look forward to (Continental Breakfast Man is returning!) in the last three episodes.
A lot of your sketches seem very labor-intensive. Was the show just eating up too much of your lives at this point?
That's a part of it. I think artistically, we feel like we did five seasons that we wanted to do and sketches we wanted to perform and [showcased] a comedic point of view we felt was important. I think we're at the point, as far as sketch is concerned, that I don't know either of us feel hungry in that format anymore. I could see us going another season, and maybe the quality dips a little bit. We're just people who are really into the idea of doing it right, doing it well and not letting it wear out its welcome.
How do you end a sketch show, as opposed to a traditional comedy or drama?
Certainly we set out to make our final season be the best season of the show. I think with the help of our entire team, that was possible. I think that's all sort of summed up with a sketch like "Negrotown." We previewed [it] online, but it's also in our last episode as we originally intended. That's a sketch where certainly on the production side we achieved a different level of synchronicity with our team, especially Peter Atencio, our treasured director.
But more than that, I think we ... pulled comedy from a very touchy place, and a place where I feel like the world needed a breath of positivity, a topic the world needed a breath of positivity around. ... I think that's the real answer. We don't like to be preachy or hit people over the head with messages. We like to make people laugh. But that sketch and a few others this season felt very important to us.
The sketch about the trigger-happy white cop from this season seemed particularly pointed as well. Did you just go all in knowing this was your last shot at some of these topics?
That would kind of imply we were holding back. ... I realize that's what I implied, but we've always gone into this show looking for sketches that nobody else out there is going to be doing. That one just felt like a place and a time — both of those sketches felt like this is the place and time where those sketches can work. You couldn't make those sketches five years ago, 10 years ago — they work now. They symbolize a very complex time we're living in. I think that's why they stand out as important. Hopefully in five, 10 years, those will be looked back on fondly but they won't hold up. [Laughs.]
Are there any ideas you had put off for a long time that made it into these final episodes?
There are a couple of things. On the opposite side of the relevance chart is a sketch called "Gremlins 2" [which aired in Wednesday's episode] ... That's a sketch I've wanted to do for a while, but it felt so broad and referential that there wasn't really a place for it on the show. ... This past season, I looked at it and said, "You know what? I'm never gonna get a chance to do this sketch again." And I love it. That's the cool thing about having your own show — if you really want to do it, you get to do it. ...
So yes — that's the kind of passion project I would never get to do again. [Laughs.] But the bigger piece of the picture is we love movies. We want to do movies; it's just so fun. I'm directing a horror film right now, and Keegan is starring in a movie; he's in New York right now. But there's something to what you say. We could probably get two or three movies done in the amount of time it took to do a season of Key & Peele.
Why did you decide to switch to the moodier, True Detective-style opening credits and drop the live-audience segments in favor of you and Keegan driving through the desert?
To be honest, that was actually the show we had pitched originally. ... Ultimately it came down to, Keegan and I, when we're driving around, we're making each other laugh more than ever. That's the time for us where we really have the most fun together. We also noticed the sketches that seem to work the best are the ones we're having the most fun doing on the day, the ones we're laughing at. ... They just kind of rise to the top. That fun is contagious.
Yes, there's definitely a kind of True Detective allusion in it. We chose to put it in the desert for that reason. That was just kind of the synthesis of the moment, and the True Detective-style opening we did centers on the Rorschach test motif. Which for me ... is sort of the perfect symbol for Key & Peele. Key & Peele is what you see when you look at it. We worked very hard in our careers to try and become chameleons, to become shape-shifters. In some ways, this sketch show set out to be a mirror to society, and I think the Rorschach motif is actually more accurate because you can still look in a mirror and see what you want to see.
It all sort of worked in theme, and we loved the idea of the packaging of the show satirizing something as well, being a parody of this integrity-laden drama device. It seems like every cool show we like has these opening [credits]. So it all did come from all of that and seemed to kind of fit together perfectly.
Were there any sketches you were really surprised that got a big reaction, or didn't?
You can never really predict what's going to be huge and what's not. Our text message conversation from last season, where we keep misinterpreting each other's texts — that was one we felt like was a pretty standard Key & Peele scene. It sort of pinpointed an observation I think no one had made yet, and because of that it sort of exploded online the day after it aired. We did not expect that. ...
It's interesting — because of the viral nature of the story of the show, we're left sort of judging sketches by how many views online it has. Which of course is a little bit tricky, because some things are more sharable than others — it doesn't mean it's not as funny. There are some I'm gonna send everybody in my family, and there's another that might be the funniest thing in the world to me, but I'm not sending it to anyone. So it's an interesting question, and ultimately we're left just judging by what our personal favorites are.
And what are those for you?
I think the Meegan character, Meegan and Andre, has ended up having a really cool lifespan. She's one of our most recurring characters. I think it's something people relate to, and it's very fun to play. We can improvise as those guys forever. My personal favorite performance I got to do was the continental breakfast guy. That was one where I thought it was kind of a passion project that would not necessarily win people over because it's so bizarre. [But] it's one of the things that people respond to the most to me. That's just a little something that kind of encourages me to trust my gut about what's going to work.
What can you say about the final few episodes? Will we see some recurring characters one last time?
One thing you can be sure of is we will reveal where we've been driving, which a lot of people ask. I don't remember if it's in the last three or the last two, but the continental breakfast guy will return. He'll be in economy plus on an airplane. There's also a special gift that we pieced together in the very last episode that may or may not be a collection of moments that never made the air. ... One of my favorites this year was a sketch I got to do as Ray Parker Jr. that's in the final episode. It was one of the harder things to get through, for some reason.
When you started, did you have any sense of how big Key & Peele would get or how much it would impact your respective careers?
I'll be honest with you — I did have a feeling we were onto something special. Keegan is just one of the most magnetic performers I've ever gotten to work with, so I felt very safe developing a show with him. The question for me was whether or not we would last past one season. I knew if we did, we'd be able to do some very cool things and reach some cool heights.
But with sketch, like most shows — I think even more so with sketch — there's this wall of skepticism that comes up immediately. You get compared to people's favorite sketch shows. The advantage of sketch is the same as the difficulty of it, in that people like to watch TV ultimately because they know what they're going to get. ... The nature of sketch is all over the place. There's no consistency, minus whatever the device we're breaking up the sketches with is or recurring characters. ... The real challenge with our show was, the first season we had to establish what we could bring to the table that no one else is willing or able to do. That led us to some sketches that were really custom-made for our point of view. This is a long answer, so pick and choose whatever you want from here.
But we would write three or four times the amount of sketches that we needed, so ultimately we could look at them and say, "You know what? Great sketch, but Saturday Night Live might do this sketch." ... Or, "This is a great sketch, but it feels like In Living Color." All great shows that we're inspired by, but we sort of knew, this sketch here, I don't think we'd see this on any other sketch show, because it's so Keegan and Jordan. We focused on those sketches, and that's how we got over the hump. I knew if we got over the hump, we'd be good.
Key and Peele airs Wednesdays at 10 p.m. on Comedy Central.
Image source: @Rep_Hunter
Alpine, California Representative Duncan Hunter is currently under questioning by the Federal Election Commission for using campaign funds to make 68 separate Steam purchases.
The San Diego Union-Tribune reports that Hunter's spokesperson, Joe Kasper, is attributing the purchases to Hunter's son and the charges are currently under dispute with Steam. At the moment the purchases, which amount to a little over $1,300, are marked as “personal expense — to be paid back” on their 2015 campaign finance disclosure. Kasper said, “There won't be any paying anything back there, pending the outcome of the fraud investigation, depending on how long that takes,”
Kasper said there was an initial purchase made by their teenage son with the credit card and the additional charges were levied while they were trying to shut down the account. They have until May 9 to respond to the Federal Election Commission with proof of a refund, or to pay back the funds from their personal expenses.
Despite their insistence on not directly purchasing the games, Hunter has proven to be an advocate for video games in the past arguing for Politico that violent video games do not cause violent children. You can find that editorial here. In it Hunter writes, "The narrative that children and young adults today stare at television and computer screens, developing lethal skills through first-person gaming experiences, disingenuously portrays video games as having a corrosive influence. The problem with this rationale is that it conveys an image that America's youth are incapable of discerning right from wrong, which simply is not true."
[Via: San Diego Union Tribune]
Our Take
Hunter's argument certainly seems plausible, even if $1,300 seems a little excessive for a single purchase that inexplicably grew into something larger. It's an interesting story that I wonder if we will see more of in the future – politicians buying video games using campaign funds. They have a month to sort out the details, so we will have to wait and see if they are able to account for the games.
When Xiaomi announced the Mi A1 it promised it will be available in 37 different countries and now the company is starting to make good on that promise. The handset went on sale in India today but the number of available units is allegedly going to be quite low.
The phone has only one configuration at the moment - 4GB+64GB and it costs 14,999 INR (195) - which is down from the announced price of 15,999 INR.
You can pre-order the Mi A1 through Xiaomi's website, Flipkart and a few local retailers like Sangeetha, Poorvika, Big C, LOT, UniverCell, E-Zone and Croma.
Flipkart has the phone as Coming Soon and lists a sale date of September 19 at 12AM local time.
The Xiaomi Mi A1 is identical to the Xiaomi Mi 5X only instead of MIUI 9 it uses stock Android 7.1.1 Nougat. You could just get a Mi 5X and install stock Android on it too.
Source 1 | 2 | Via
Transgender Rights, The New Front In The Culture Wars
Enlarge this image toggle caption Sara D. Davis/Getty Images Sara D. Davis/Getty Images
Transgender rights are getting a new focus in the civil rights standoff that emerged this week between the Obama administration and the state of North Carolina.
It's over a law that requires transgender people to use public restrooms that match the sex on their birth certificate.
Transgender activists were part of the movement to make same-sex marriage the law of the land, and have long been trying to get people to understand who they are. In Mobile, Ala., LGBTQ advocate Lane Galbraith says he's busy now dealing with discrimination issues.
"I'm 52 years old, and I've dealt with oppression and discrimination my entire life," they say.
Galbraith, a design engineer in Mobile's shipbuilding industry, was born Robin Galbraith, the daughter of a Southern Baptist minister. They recall an uncomfortable coming of age.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Debbie Elliott/NPR Debbie Elliott/NPR
"I always had these masculine traits, and I always knew kind of in the background that my sexual orientation was for females and just dealt with it because I was in an environment that said, 'You're a female. You're supposed to get married. You're supposed to have kids,' " they say.
But Galbraith says they aren't sure what was going on at the time because sexuality outside that norm was taboo.
"If there was no education, and I couldn't define who I was and what was internally happening, how was I going to explain it to anybody else? There was nothing. There wasn't even a word," they say.
Just having the word transgender is empowering to them today. A Navy veteran, Galbraith started their transition to a man two years ago. He's got short-cropped hair that's graying at the temples, a mustache and sparse beard. Their calling now, they say, is to put a face on being transgender.
"The way people change their hearts and minds is to have a human being that's dealing with these issues right in front of them," they say.
The Williams Institute at the UCLA School of Law estimated that in 2011, some 700,000 adults identified as transgender. Twenty states and Washington, D.C., have employment nondiscrimination laws that cover sexual orientation and gender identity. Alabama is not one of them. But Galbraith works for a global company that offers broad workplace protections and also provides health coverage for the unique care they need, such as hormone therapy.
So, the bathroom question. It's always been an issue for Galbraith, even before their transition.
"You know, I wore my Harley shirts and my short hair and I like to wear boots. And I'd go into a restroom, and mother with their child next to me, and the child's going, 'Mommy, there's a man in the stall next to me,' " they say.
He's got a bit of a system now, finding appropriate single unisex restrooms for privacy. Sometimes that means a porta-potty. He's floored that their bathroom habits are now the subject of national news. But they welcome the focus on transgender rights.
"Even some people would try to say that the T doesn't belong with the LGB, and it's like, well, wait a minute, the diversity is different but we're kind of fighting for the same civil rights," Galbraith says.
'Not Racial Discrimination'
Not everyone sees this as a new civil rights battlefront.
"Individuals using the restroom of the biological sex is not racial discrimination," says Travis Weber, director of the Center for Religious Liberty at the Family Research Council. "We don't think that the law, as a legal matter alone, supports any sort of class protection, class distinction for sexual orientation and gender identity."
They say states, like North Carolina, should be able to decide this question as a matter of public safety without being "bullied" by the Obama administration.
"What's underlying this is people whose views of society really break down any distinction between male and female, and you end up in the world where these distinctions don't matter," Weber says.
LGBTQ issues divide the country in similar ways as other culture wars — such as abortion rights — have. As courts expand rights, some states push back with new laws.
Now that the Supreme Court has taken same-sex marriage off the table, opponents are moving to a new target, says Josh Block with the ACLU.
"Plan B is attacks on transgender people and attacks on the entire LGBT community by codifying a right to discriminate on religious grounds," Block says.
The ACLU is suing Mississippi over a law that offers legal protection to public officials and private businesses that refuse to serve gay, lesbian or transgender customers because of religious objections.
"Religious freedom doesn't give people a right to discriminate against others," Block says.
For Galbraith, seeing these laws pop up around the country is a letdown coming so soon after feeling like the ground had shifted with last year's legalization of same-sex marriage.
"Right now I kind of feel like I'm back in the valley, to where I've got to find the edge of the mountain to start going back up. I think we will overcome. I'm a true believer. I believe all things are possible," they say. "But at the same token, being honest, you understand my internal struggle of this environment."
VANCOUVER, BRITISH COLUMBIA--(Marketwired - Aug. 4, 2017) - Cannabis Wheaton Income Corp. (TSX VENTURE:CBW) ("Cannabis Wheaton" or "CW") is pleased to announce the appointment of Manon Grand-Maitre to the Advisory Board of Cannabis Wheaton.
Ms. Grand-Maitre is a corporate commercial and regulatory lawyer with over 13 years of experience providing domestic and international advice to companies operating in the highly regulated tobacco and pharmaceutical industries.
They have advised extensively in commercial areas relating to the manufacture, importation, taxation, packaging, distribution, sale, promotion and consumption of tobacco products. In addition, they are knowledgeable in matters pertaining to product liability, anti-illicit trade and government relations. As counsel for British American Tobacco based in London, UK, they advised global teams on multijurisdictional compliance, marketing and distribution initiatives. They played a pivotal role in developing regulatory strategies which minimized the impact on businesses of changing legislative regimes.
Most recently, Manon has advised clients operating in the pharmaceutical and consumer health industries in areas including advertising, reimbursement and pricing, health care compliance, product safety, clinical trials, anti-spam, access to information, and various other federal and provincial regulatory matters.
Manon obtained their BA and their JD from the University of Ottawa from which they graduated with honors.
Manon stated "I am passionate about the evolving cannabis industry, and keen to leverage my experience in the tobacco and pharma industries to support Cannabis Wheaton and it's team in the achievement of their strategic objectives."
Chuck Rifici, Chief Executive Officer of Cannabis Wheaton, commented "We believe there are many parallels between the cannabis, tobacco and pharmaceutical industries and although future recreational cannabis regulations are still in flux, Manon's previous experience will be invaluable to Cannabis Wheaton. We look forward to adding Manon's expertise to our team of industry leaders and look forward to their strategic guidance."
ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD
Chuck Rifici, Chairman & CEO
About Cannabis Wheaton Income Corp. (TSX VENTURE:CBW)
Backed by a team of industry experts, Cannabis Wheaton is the first cannabis streaming company in the world. Our streams will include production from across Canada coming from our partners comprised of licensed producers of cannabis (LP) and LP applicants. Cannabis Wheaton's mandate is to facilitate real growth for our streaming partners by providing them with financial support and sharing our collective industry experience.
Stay Connected
For more information about Cannabis Wheaton and our management team, please visit: http://www.cannabiswheaton.com, or follow us on Twitter @CannabisWheaton.
Neither TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.
Saturday
4. ­­French Breakfast, 11 a.m.
Charlotte, a French cafe and bakery that opened in 2011 on rounded Savior Square (called “hipster square” in the local press), quickly became the go-to brunch spot for Warsaw's style-conscious upper crust. The urbane atmosphere and delicious house-made breads and pastries make it easy to see why. Try Charle's Breakfast: a basket of fresh-baked, perfectly soft-and-crusty bread served with homemade preserves and chocolate, one egg, a cappuccino and a glass of sparkling Beltoure — a steal at 25 zloties.
5. ­­Art Crawl, 2 p.m.
Over the past decade, Warsaw's art scene has consistently grown in size and stature. Though the city lacks a proper gallery district, some of the most interesting places lie within walking distance of one another. Lokal_30, an experimentally minded gallery and project space that represents both emerging artists and bigger names like the filmmaker Jozef Robakowski, operated for seven years out of a tiny apartment before moving in 2013 to a larger space. Just around the corner, Galeria Grafiki i Plakatu (Graphic Art and Poster Gallery) offers a good overview of the influential Polish Poster School, while down the street, the commercial gallery Raster is one of Poland's top incubators for young talent, representing the likes of the Surrealist sculptor Olaf Brzeski and the photographer Aneta Grzeszykowska. And Warsaw's art scene has a lot to look forward to: In September, the architect Thomas Phifer finally unveiled their plan for the stunning new quarters of the Museum of Modern Art and TR Warszawa theater building complex, set for completion in 2020.
6. ­­Home-Sewn Fashions, 5 p.m.
Opened in 2012, Mysia 3 is an “alternative department store,” housing a curated crop of Polish and international brands (COS, Muji, Leica) across five floors. Browse the cutout dresses and oversize blazers by independent Polish designers at Moda Polska, or pick out a piece of delicate handmade jewelry made from repurposed metals at Orska.
7. ­­Polish Molecular, 8 p.m.
Atelier Amaro opened in 2012 to great acclaim, and within months, its rarefied style of molecular Polish gastronomy brought the country its first Michelin star. The chef Wojciech Modest Amaro has worked with the culinary minds behind El Bulli and Noma, and this heady lineage shows in dishes like savoy cabbage with pine vinegar and bison grass oil, served with saffron milk cap mushrooms fried in butter with peach tea and Emilgrana cheese. Diners can choose between a set of five or eight courses (or “moments,” as they're called here) for 260 or 320 zloties respectively, though only the eight-moment option is available on Friday and Saturday nights. Bear in mind that the acclaim for Atelier Amaro means the 30-seat restaurant is usually fully booked at least a month out, so reservations are essential.
8. ­Nightclubbing, 11 p.m.
Warsaw's club scene continues to punch above its weight, and visitors will never lack for a dance floor. You'll find hip-hop, grime and electronic music at Milosc Kredytowa 9, which spills out into a stately courtyard on the street of the same name. Or, for a truly surreal experience, walk the farcically long red carpet through the lobby of The View Warsaw, a V.I.P. club that opened this summer on the 28th floor of a skyscraper, where you'll be greeted by an EDM-soundtracked rooftop phantasmagoria of spiked heels and designer suits. If all else fails, do as the Varsovians do and go dancing at Plan B, an affably rowdy dive bar above Charlotte on Savior Square. Entry is free at Plan B and costs 20 zloties at The View, with tables starting at 800 zloties for four people.
The first 22 players who will represent Fremantle in the NAB AFLW Women's Competition have been named for Saturday's historic opening round clash against the Western Bulldogs.
Captain Kara Donnellan was named in the midfield alongside Kirby Bentley, Melissa Caulfield and ruck Gemma Houghton.
The game is Bentley's second game of football in more than a year as they make their comeback from an ACL injury, while Houghton, a former basketball player, will play just their third game of football.
Every named player has featured in at least one pre-season game, either in Darwin against Adelaide on 14 January, or against the WA State Talent Academy at Fremantle Oval on 23 January.
Ashley Sharp, who kicked three goals against Adelaide, has moved to the left back pocket, with 2016 WAWFL leading goal-scorer Amy Lavell taking the reigns at full forward.
Tayla Bresland and Belinda Smith remain in the backline after a strong performance against Adelaide, while Cassie Davidson has moved to the right half forward flank after an outstanding defensive effort in Darwin.
As per AFL rules, 16 players are named on the field for each side compared to 18 for the men's competition, with six allowed on the bench as opposed to four in the men's game.
Fremantle's bench consists of Gabby O'Sullivan, Demi Okely, Tarni Golisano, Akec Chuot, Stacey Barr, Taylah Angel, with unlimited interchanges allowed throughout the match.
Beatrice Devlyn and Taryn Priestly have been named as Fremantle's two emergencies.
The Team
Back: Belinda Smith, Tayla Bresland, Ashley Sharp
Half Back: Tiah Haynes, Hayley Miller, Stephanie Cain
Centre: Kara Donnellan
Half Forward: Cassie Davidson, Dana Hooker, Lara Filocamo
Forward: Ebony Antonio, Amy Lavell, Brianna Green
Ruck: Gemma Houghton
Followers: Kirby Bentley, Melissa Caulfield
Interchange: Gabby O'Sullivan, Demi Okely, Tarnica Golisano, Akec Chuot, Stacey Barr, Taylah Angel
Emergencies: Taryn Priestly, Beatrice Devlyn
HOW TO WATCH FREMANTLE'S UPCOMING AFLW GAMES
Round 1. Western Bulldogs v Fremantle, 4:40pm (WST) Saturday 4 February at VU Whitten Oval
Broadcast live nationally Channel 7mate and Fox Footy
Round 2. Fremantle v Brisbane, 4:05pm (WST) Sunday 12 February (WST) at Fremantle Oval
With free entry, there's every reason to get down to Fremantle Oval to support Freo in their first game at home!
AFLW ticketing information
AFLW fixture and broadcast information
Starting from today, you can now pre-order your favorites Windows 10 PC games from the Windows Store. The Window 10 PC versions of ReCore, Forza Horizon 3, and Gears of War 4 can be pre-ordered from the Windows Store starting today.
Each of these games supports Xbox Play Anywhere, giving the community the freedom to play their games wherever they want. These are just the first few Xbox Play Anywhere games, with many more coming – check out the full list at Xbox Play Anywhere.
When you buy an Xbox Play Anywhere digital game through the Xbox Store or the Windows Store, you can play on both Xbox One and Windows 10 PC at no additional cost. Plus, when you start playing any Xbox Play Anywhere game, you can pause and pick back up where you left off on another Xbox One or Windows 10 PC, bringing all your saves, game add-ons, and Achievements with you.
In all cases, Xbox Play Anywhere titles act as one game with one account and can be accessed across multiple devices. And if you don't yet own one of these devices, your catalog of Xbox Play Anywhere games lives in the cloud and will be ready to download in the future.
Read more
One of the “great debates” in the miniquad world is what the best motor kV is for 5″ racing quadcopters. Generally people take one of two sides: those who champion 2300kV-2400kV motors and those who prefer 2600kV+ motors. Over the last year, I've settled into the latter camp, and I'm going to explain why in this article.
Excess Thrust
The fundamental reason I like higher-kV motors is because they are capable of providing more thrust at higher airspeeds. Having extra thrust at high speed is specifically important when flying acro – my personal favorite form of flying. Excess thrust is the difference between rushing at a tree at a 40-degree tilt and being able to hop over it into an epic gravity maneuver and having to pull up to a lower tilt to perform the same move – probably losing site of the landscape in the process.
Why do I need to go so fast in the first place? Because the basis for quadcopter acrobatic maneuvers is the mastery of the interplay between potential and kinetic energy. More speed means more kinetic energy, which in turn means you can “fling” your quadcopter further. You can go really fast in a line, cut the power and coast through a series of maneuvers as you fly through the air like a sophisticated FPV baseball. Even after hundreds of hours of flying, the thought of it still brings a smile to my face.
Calculating quadcopter thrust at speed
Reserve thrust doesn't necessarily come at the cost of frying your LiPo batteries, either. The reason is that the faster you fly your quadcopter, the less thrust your props are able to impart to the airstream. This is covered in delicious detail in this gem of an article, and I recommend you check it out if you want to understand the math behind thrust number.
To understand why a motor that consumes 60 Amps on the bench only pulls a fraction of that at full speed, let's do some math to get some ballpark ideas of how much actual work our motors are doing at top speed. The top speed of any aircraft is the speed where the horizontal drag force equals the horizontal thrust from the props.
If we can calculate the drag on a miniquad, we will also be able to calculate it's horizontal thrust. If we also know the tilt angle, we can calculate the total thrust from all four motors.
Drag can be calculated by a fairly simple equation:
Where:
Variable Description D Drag in Newtons Cd Coefficient of drag. For this rough estimate we'll assume our quadcopters are simple "plates" with a coefficient of ~1.2 A Plate area in meters squared. r Fluid density of air. Air at sea level and 15C has a density of 1.2 so we'll use that even though the test was done at a higher altitude. V Fluid velocity. which is equivalent to the airspeed of the quadcopter. I'm going to use the top speed of my Bolt 210 recorded with KingKong 5040 tri-blade props as measured in my RaceKraft 5051 review article. Since the tests were done on a relatively calm day we'll use the ground speed of 107.7KM/hr or 29.9m/s for the fluid velocity.
Computing the plate area of a quadcopter in flight
We have all the numbers needed for the equation but the plate area. This one is a little complicated. I started by taking a top-down photo of my Bolt and using GIMP to calculate the amount of pixels in a 10.5″x13″ area of an image that are taken up by my quadcopter:
This calculation netted me the raw plate area of my Bolt 210: roughly 22 inches squared.
Compensating plate area for tilt
I don't have any raw numbers, but on the day that I performed the speed tests, my camera was tilted at 40 degrees. With that tilt, a majority of the flight footage still contained the ground – this means the quadcopter was tilted at an angle greater than 40 degrees. I am going to make a rough assumption that my tilt angle was 50 degrees during the speed run. For the final result, this assumption does not matter, because effects of the tilt angle cancels out when calculating the total thrust. I'll call this out later.
This is a rough calculation – the area of a quadcopter is not L x W and a shrinkage in L will affect the plate area more than a shrinkage of W. The calculation will come pretty close though, as aside from the small body area my Bolt 210 is pretty symmetric in both axes. So here is the shrunken area, compensated for tilt:
As = 22 * .77 = 16.9 sq inches = .011 sq meters
Calculating thrust required at max speed
Alright, so flying at a 50-degree tilt, my quadcopter is exposing a cross-sectional area of .011 square meters to the airstream at a speed of 29.9 meters per second. How much drag is that?
D = .5 * 1.2 * .011 * 1.2 * 29.9 ^ 2
D = 7.08N = 722 grams force
(De?) compensating for tilt (again)
Alright, we're getting close. What I've shown is that at max speed, where horizontal drag is equal to horizontal force (Th), the drag on the quadcopter is 722 grams. So how much thrust are my 2300kV motors producing? This is requiring some more trigonometry:
So the total thrust being generated by the quadcopter is:
T = 722 / .77 = 943 grams.
Notice how the effect of the tilt got cancelled out, so not knowing the exact value doesn't really matter.
70MPH on 950g of thrust
But wait! The motor/prop combination on this quadcopter produces 1143 grams of thrust apeice on the bench. The total thrust from all four 2300kV motors at top speed doesn't even match the thrust of a single motor on the bench. All that thrust is lost because the props simply cannot do as much work on the airstream at high forward speeds. To fix this, you have two options:
Upgrade your props to have more bite. The best 5″ props on the market that I know of are the RaceKraft 5051's. These props enjoy a 20% increase in performance over less aggressive props. There is diminishing returns here though – I highly doubt a new prop will be able to be designed that beats the RaceKrafts as handily as they beat my poor KingKong tri-blades. Increase the maximum RPM's your motor is capable of – aka increase the kV.
Flying with restraint
This is the reason why I like higher-kV motors. When I'm flying my quadcopter with very high camera tilt angles, I always feel like I have a little bit more “juice”.
Of course, with great power comes great responsibility. With the latest miniquad motors using N52SH magnets, power consumption levels can easily start getting ridiculous. If you're a fan of jamming the throttle stick to 100% for epic climbouts, your batteries are going to puff, and quickly. Flying with hot 2600kV motors means flying with finnesse. The upper 30% or so of throttle is reserved only for flying at full speed, and even then only for short bursts. You must have an OSD and watch your battery voltage or current meter. With these tools and a little smart, though, I think high kV is the way to go.
What about torque?
The most common argument for 2300kV motors I hear is that they have more torque. This isn't necessarily true:
Even if it was, though, I would ask what 2300kV supporters think torque is good for in a miniquad? The only thing I can think of is control responsiveness: motor torque is the primary mechanism the flight controller uses to achieve yaw, for example. Thing is, no pilot I know maxes out their yaw rates. So what's the point?
At one point last year, I had two quadcopters flying with the same brand of motors. One had RCX 2300kV motors, the other had RCX 2633kV motors. There was absolutely no discernible difference in responsiveness between the two. There was a huge difference in how the two quadcopters handled at high speed, though. Want to guess which one I flew more often?
This is our first Propwashed opinion article. We are expressing our opinions and the reasons behind them and make no claims at being right. You should take this article at face value. We'd love to hear your thoughts in the comments below.
In case you missed it, last week the author of the OSX package manager Homebrew vented their frustration with their interview experience with Google, lighting up this month's round of Reddit and Hacker News discussion on how much programming interviews suck. And man, can they suck — anybody with a few years in the industry has a horror story of some interview from hell. But what was striking was how many claimed that basic, “homework” style questions about data structures and algorithms had no place in a professional programming interview. I don't know nearly enough details to make claims about Google's hiring practices, Max Howell's experience with them, or the question they were asked and how the interviewer asked it, but dismissing “beginner” questions as inappropriate and stupid is missing a point.
Why we fight interview
It's important to remember what our goals are in a job interview. It's an opportunity for both parties to establish a couple of things:
Good fit: The employer tries to establish that the job candidate is someone they would feel comfortable working with. The candidate tries to make sure their future coworkers aren't assholes or drowning in red tape endlessly streaming from on high. Competency: The employer doesn't need to exclusively hire 10x® Rockstars™, but they want to make sure the candidate is smart and gets things done. The candidate looks for knowledgeable coworkers who aren't grossly mismanaged.
The interview is not about:
Busting the candidate on minutiae of some library that any sane person would just look up
“Puzzler” questions and brainteasers: Programming ability has almost nothing to do with the ability to get a fox, a chicken, and a sack of grain across a river without anything getting eaten, or how to determine which of three switches corresponded to which of three light bulbs in an opaque box that can only be opened once on a rainy Tuesday.
Pumping the ego of the interviewer by asking questions that remind them how much smarter they are than the candidate
It's about getting to know each other enough to make an informed hiring decision. Asking about previous projects and open-ended questions with no single answer are some of the best ways to do this.
Don't waste people's time
Running somewhat counter to this is the importance of not wasting an inordinate amount of everybody's time. If you know nothing about a candidate, it's not a bad idea to have a phone or Skype screen to see if an on-site interview is worthwhile. Here is where “beginner” questions are useful — they're worth the ten minutes they take to ensure the candidate can code their way out of wet paper bag. The goal isn't to turn the interview into a trivia show about what they remember from algorithms class, so keep it simple. Examples include:
FizzBuzz
Reversing a string
Writing a function that indicates if a string is a valid IPv4 address (offer to explain what makes a valid IPv4 if the candidate doesn't know)
Finding the maximum value in a list of integers.
Implementing a stack with push, pop, and peek operations.
In my experience these simple weed-out questions eliminate a surprising percentage of applicants. Some might complain that they have little to do with day to day software engineering or are insulting to a seasoned developer, but anybody who knows their stuff will blow through them, leaving the rest of your time together for chatting about past projects and checking schedules to set up the “real” interview. Those who struggle or take a long time are unlikely to suddenly rise to the occasion when confronted with actual problems you're paid to solve. And if you're talking to a developer with a reputation and a widely-used project, perhaps it makes sense to skip this stuff, but if all you know about them is what their résumé tells you, a quick smoke test is a courtesy to everyone involved.
But some of Mr. Schulz's problems are of their own making, analysts said.
Having spent five years as president of the European Parliament and more than two decades working on broader European matters rather than specifically in German politics — something once seen as a potential advantage for them — Mr. Schulz has taken pains to shed the image of a globalist interloper and present themselves as a man of the people.
In many ways, they are. They like to talk about their hometown, Würselen, a former coal-mining town north of Aachen, just miles from the Dutch and Belgium borders.
They often mention their neighbors, the local mosque, the bookstore they ran and the city hall, where at 31, they became the region's youngest mayor ever.
For a time, it looked like a strategy that could work.
Mr. Schulz's enthusiastic “Bürgernähe,” or closeness to the people, and their emphasis on social issues were seen as potential qualities that might expose chinks in Ms. Merkel's impressive armor.
Unlike Ms. Merkel, who holds a doctorate in physics, Mr. Schulz never graduated from high school, having dropped out to pursue a soccer career. They have made public a youthful period of being lost before learning the trade of book dealer and setting up their own little shop in Würselen that is now owned and still run by a woman they trained nearly three decades ago.
At 19, they joined the Social Democrats and got into city politics. In their hometown, Mr. Schulz is remembered mostly fondly, whether for their time as a mayor or because of the relative fame their candidacy has brought.
“In the 11 years they spent here, they dealt directly with the problems, the challenges and the lives of people here in Germany,” Arno Nelles, Würselen's current mayor, said.
Q: I love what Rodney McGruder provides for this team, but let's face it, he's not a starter in this league. When Dion Waiters comes back, is there a chance that Josh Richardson takes Rodney's spot in the starting lineup? When healthy, they provide the same skills as Rodney (3 and D), but they also add more size, athleticism, and better ballhandling. Adding Rodney to a bench that's already high-energy couldn't hurt. -- Mark, Boynton Beach.
A: And you just might be on to something there. The Heat have been known to make lineup adjustments just prior to the playoffs or at the start of the playoffs, including just a year ago returning Hassan Whiteside to the first unit. Your thought certainly has merit, especially if Josh can get their 3-point reliability close to where McGruder has been. For Erik Spoelstra, it's as much about chemistry as ability, but it does appear as if a season of chasing around elite scorers has somewhat worn down Rodney, at a position where size matters. The best of all worlds, of course, would be to see enough of the Richardson-Waiters wing combination to assess if the chemistry is there, where there has been almost nothing but winning with McGruder-Waiters.
Q: Hassan Whiteside manned up. You knew the Raptors were swatting at their hand, yet they hung tough. They have fully embraced the Heat culture. -- C.J.
A: Don't kid yourself, Thursday was a seminal moment, when Hassan could have just as easily given themselves the night off. And in previous seasons, I'm not so sure they wouldn't have. But the difference is they now have their four-year, $98 million contract. This should not be about protecting a future, as might have been the case last year. This is about creating a future. At about $250,000 a game, the expectations rightfully should be different. Had Whiteside sat out Thursday, the questions might have lingered well beyond their next appearance,
Q: Is there any reason not shoot for the sixth seed? (Avoiding the Cavs while being able to develop players [and more time to heal ailing players] during the first two rounds, plus an easier opponent in Washington seems to make sense for them to shoot for the sixth seed.) -- Jonathan, Las Vegas, Nevada.
A: It's funny, a month ago the debate was about lottery vs. playoffs. Not it's a case of wanting it all. A playoff berth, any playoff berth, would be ample reward. The goal now is to win as many as possible and let the playoff fate take care of itself, even as the competition at the bottom of the East playoff race has been overly accommodating in recent games.
ZeNfA Productions, developer of ZaciSa's Last Stand, is revealing its next game exclusively to Nintendo Everything today. The indie studio is readying “Hot Rod Racer”, which is coming very soon to the Wii U eShop.
Hot Rod Racer is what you'd expect based on the title: a racing arcade game. ZeNfA shared the following overview with us:
The year is 199X. The world's most dangerous racing competition has been created: the F-Ze… er, I mean the INFINITRACK GP! Created by – oh, I don't know, some nefarious corporation I suppose – it stretches on indefinitely and has never been completed by ANYONE. Of course, that hasn't stopped thousands of thrill-seekers from attempting to conquer it every day on their shiny new bikes and in their speedy new hot rods, and on this day in particular you too take it upon yourself to join those who have etched their names in the halls of glory by challenging this course yourself. There's just one problem… you've somehow managed to get onto the track driving the wrong way! But hey, a couple of head-on collisions never hurt anybody, right? (Don't quote me on that.) Choose your vehicle, give it a paint job and some upgrades, and see how far you can make it on the Infinitrack! This is Hot Rod Racer!
Hot Rod Racer will offer unlimited racing, multiple vehicles, and four different environments. In terms of features, it'll boast online and local leaderboards, rewards and unlocks, Miiverse stamps, and off-TV play.
Here's the first trailer:
Hot Rod Racer is planned for release in July (possibly July 21) across North America, Europe, and Australia. The game will cost $2.99 / €2.99 / £2.69, with a 15 percent discount planned during the first week.
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
Google
More
Email
Print
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Pocket
This long interview with Mashima Hiro is published in Magazine Pocket. The interview was carried out right after the storyboard for the final chapter was completed. The interviewer was Hashimoto, who had previously served as Mashima-sensei's editor for 2.5 years. Mashima-sensei's current editor was also present at the interview, and the responses labeled with “editor” are from him.
The interview is really long, and I have broken it up into 3 parts. The other parts will be posted some time later.
Translated by thefairystales | DO NOT EDIT OR REMOVE SOURCE
Please credit by linking back when using. (usage rules)
On the final chapter
How's the storyboard for the final chapter coming along?
I finished my final meeting a short while ago and the chapter is complete.
It wasn't rejected?
Somehow or other. (laugh)
Editor: It was OK the first round!
What are your thoughts about finishing the storyboard?
I don't know how the readers feel about it until I get to hear from them, but I am personally satisfied with how I drew the final chapter. I didn't aim for something touching or literary, but rather showed “FT-ness” or what's “FT-ish” to the maximum. I hope the ending satisfies the readers.
You gave priority to what you regard as “FT-ish”?
Right. I think the fans all have their own opinion of what's “FT-ish”. However, I drew all that I felt was “FT-ish” in the final chapter.
Serialization of the manga began in issue 35 in 2006, and ended in issue 34 in 2017. It's exactly 11 years.
I didn't intend for it to be so long.
You were 29 when the serialization began, and you're 40 now. You devoted the whole of your 30s to FT.
It's the period where I gain the most weight. However, I was able to draw the manga. I'm completely satisfied.
Is there anything that you didn't manage to draw?
Nothing at all. I managed to draw everything that I wanted to in the manuscript and it's something I'm thankful about.
It's out for the first time in 11 years. An issue of Weekly Shonen Magazine without Fairy Tail.
Now that you mention it, that's right. The series had never been a break during serialization, and I guess it has become natural to expect a new chapter.
For the first time in about 500 volumes.
It's a very long time if you put it that way (laugh). Was it in serialization when you join the editorial department?
I joined the company 9 years ago, and the manga was already in serialization. It was at the “Tower of Heaven” arc. I had more than 20 staff working under me, and almost all the staff working for Weekly Shonen Magazine joined the company after Fairy Tail had begun its serialization.
That's unbelievable. Isn't the editorial department of Weekly Shonen Magazine too young? (laugh)
Have there been any changes from the time the manga began its serialization till now?
My body is still healthy, but my stamina has dropped. It's a little different from the time when I was alright even after pulling an all-nighter. However, my energy hasn't declined. It's been surging instead.
Do you feel the difference in your stamina more when you're working on the manuscript as compared to the storyboard?
In my case, the storyboard is more of a product of energy rather than stamina. I always work on it when I'm at maximum energy. The techniques and intuition that I've developed over the years have also helped me when it comes to working on the storyboard.
What about the manuscript?
It's not purely an issue with stamina. The density of my drawings have been going up year by year, and it has become time consuming. I don't want the quality of the manuscript to decrease once it has gone up, and thus I've been spending more time on the scenes.
It's a problem that arises because you want to give your best with every chapter.
On Natsu
I don't feel that the author's age has gone up even as the manga ends. It's a classic shonen manga.
It might be because I want to cling on to shonen manga forever. (laugh)
Natsu had a prominent presence.
He's a simple and straightforward protagonist, and there's no need to make them like a character in an adult-like manga. Natsu was Natsu from the start till the end.
But they grew.
Of course. However, they never changed when it comes to things that are “Natsu-like”. To me, that might be what makes it “shonen manga-ish”.
My impression of the first chapter is that Natsu didn't fight because they wanted to rescue Lucy.
Natsu was mad that Bora lied that they were from Fairy Tail. However, they ended up saving Lucy when they fought Bora.
They aren't the type of protagonist who helps others just because they are in need. You showed what was important to them in your own way, even though they appeared to help Lucy because they were in trouble.
That was all that I drew in the first chapter. (laugh)
Is there anything else you have to say about Natsu?
There are minute things, but… Natsu doesn't have any monologues, and is someone who reveals all their thoughts through their actions. Thus, there isn't really anything important that I have left to say about him.
On the guild
There are many characters.
The characters who had names were counted before, and there were more than 300 of them.
That was done 2 to 3 years before this, and it seems like the final character count exceeds 400. Can you remember everyone?
That's impossible (laugh). Various characters appeared in the penultimate chapter, and I couldn't remember how they're supposed to look like.
(laugh)
I thought that I would just go ahead and draw them since they're my characters after all, but when I looked over them later they were completely different from how they're supposed to look like. (laugh)
The number of characters will increase no matter what due to the nature of the manga. If a guild appears there will be around 10 more characters.
I wanted to draw many characters from the start, and I thought “I'll draw as many characters as I like!” when the serialization first began. However, at the end, I wondered why there were so many characters when I was drawing the colour page with all the characters gathered together. You reap what you sow, but it was fun. It was truly wonderful. (laugh)
Did you want to draw a guild right from the start?
I wanted to draw a group of people, or perhaps I should say a team. I wanted to draw something like a gathering of people or a community. I wanted to convey the enjoyment that comes from having various people around.
The guild members seem fun to be around.
Right. It's difficult to put in words, but I've always drawn things like bonds and friendship in my manga. I touched on it more deeply in Fairy Tail as compared to RAVE.
Fairy Tail gives the impression of a classic shonen manga, but it was actually a fantasy battle manga at the start.
There were many comrades right from the start.
Don't you normally gain more friends from fighting enemies or meeting people during events?
There were challenges that happened in the manga, but that's the kind of world I wanted to show.
They are nearly all defensive battles. I think it's something revolutionary.
Really?
The protagonist usually wants to become a certain type of person, or has something they want, and they fight for that reason. However, Natsu already has all that. They have friends, a home, and enjoyable days.
That's why they only fights to protect these. They give their all when it comes to protecting these things. Natsu has these things right from the start, and they are irreplaceable.
I thought that the guild would head to Alvarez at the end, but they ended up returning to the guild, and it became a defensive battle once again.
I wanted the final battle to happen within the guild. It was something that I had decided early on.
The enemies gradually became greater and more powerful but your stance never changed till the end.
It's about protecting your comrades. I never intended to change that. (laugh)
It's difficult to draw a manga that's filled with the protagonist.
People who are motivated are unique.
Wasn't it difficult to move the story forward? How did you get things moving along smoothly?
It's a mystery.
You make it sound if it's somebody else's affair. (laugh)
Now that you mention it, I hard a hard time with the storyboard at the beginning. It showed how great and interesting the bonds between an existing group of friends is, and that required laying out a framework.
Can you give more details?
The second chapter is easy to understand as an example. The first chapter describes how a Fairy Tail mage is like, and the second chapter shows what kind of guild Fairy Tail is.
I see.
You can't avoid the characters when it comes to a guild, and thus I had to show them in the second chapter. That would confuse the reader. However, I can't go on to depict the guild, comrades, and bonds if I don't do that. That's why Makarov appears as the guild master when a brawl is about to break out. They are, in a way, a symbol of the guild. The guild is full of reckless members, but there are instances where everyone shares the same point of view. This was the impression I wanted to give when I was drawing the chapter. However, it is difficult for the readers to follow along with just that, and thus Lucy makes them appearance.
Lucy?
Lucy shares the same point of view as the reader. Them reactions are that of someone who comes into contact with the guild for the first time, making it easy for the readers to get into the story. In addition to “the members of Fairy Tail”, the presence of “the mediator Makarov”, and “Lucy, who overlooks what's happening” helps to put everything together for the readers, making it easy to read.
I see, it had to be done that way.
“FT” couldn't have been realized without Lucy.
On Lucy
Lucy's monologue always appears at the beginning of each part.
Lucy has been the core of the story of “FT” right from the start. No matter what type of characters or complicated world views appear in the manga, Lucy is by the reader's side. They don't understand the things that the readers don't understand, and they say it out.
But there are many manga where the main character takes on the monologues…
It's impossible for Natsu (laugh). Natsu is a character who doesn't have any monologues, and they cannot explain things in a manner that strikes a chord with others.
Lucy does seem like they view things from a third party standpoint.
She's the newest person to join the guild at the beginning of the manga, and thus, they feel a little like an outsider. Doing the monologues became their role in the end.
Editor: Lucy said “I wouldn't be who I am today if I never met [Natsu] and Happy” in the final chapter. It would be great if that also became the reader's thought. After all, Lucy is the voice of the reader.
Lucy's monologue, which I had written in a rectangular box, became the meta at the end. It's something really small, but it was something that I wanted to do in the final chapter.
On Gray
Can you tell us more about Gray?
I've said it before, but they became more popular than I had expected and it surprised me. I didn't intend to make them a character that gives off a cool impression, but rather someone who readily chimes in with others. However, they gradually became who they are now. There are few males among the regular characters, and Gray was originally meant to be a character that's the opposite of Natsu.
It seems that Gray in particular has many troubles and worries thrust at him.
Is that so? I wasn't aware of that. However, the episode concerning END wouldn't make any sense if not for Natsu and Gray's relationship.
Which scene with Gray left an impression on you?
Their battle with Silver. It was a pleasure to draw it.
I remember. I was still your editor at that time, and you suddenly came to me with around 3 chapters worth of storyboards that day. And also 2 chapters worth of manuscripts.
Eh, was it so? I don't remember.
You made huge revisions to the storyboards of the previous 2 chapters, and you redid the storyboards and the manuscripts at one go. You said “I'm confident of this week's work” when you handed me the storyboards, which was unusual. You rarely say something like that.
Eh, I give up. I really do not remember. (laugh)
Why did you forget? (laugh) It left a huge impression.
I remember being confident of the work I handed to you, and it must have been a memory of that time. However, I really don't remember. (laugh)
You must be kidding…
(to be continued in part 2)
When to House Train a Puppy
Experts recommend that you begin house training your puppy when they or they are between 12 weeks and 16 weeks old, although many starts earlier. At that point, the puppy has enough control of its bladder and bowel movements to learn to hold it.
Beware that starting puppy housetraining too soon, and you could be setting up your puppy for failure, as they or they aren't old enough to control their bladder.
How Long Does It Take to House Train A Puppy?
The length of time it will take to housetrain a puppy depends on your dog's aptitude for understanding and their general personality.
Most puppies can be house trained within 4-6 months. Some puppies will not be fully reliably house broken until 8-12 months.
Keep Puppy In A Defined Space
Experts also recommend confining your puppy to a defined space, whether that means in a crate, in an x-pen, in a room, or on a leash. As your puppy learns that it needs to go outside to do its business, you can gradually give the puppy more freedom to roam about the house. Depending on the expected full adult size of your puppy, you may want to get a larger crate with inserts that can divide up a large crate into smaller quarters. Sliding dividers mean that you can slowly add in space as your pup grows or gets the hand of potty training.
When Housetraining A Puppy, Act Quickly!
When housebreaking a puppy, you'll want to watch for patterns in your puppy's digestive track.
Puppy digestive tracks are extremely efficient and fast. 5 – 30 minutes after the puppy eats, they or they will want to defecate. Be consistent with your puppy's eating schedule and watch the time so that you can regularly give your puppy outside time after meals, increasing chances of success.
Housetraining A Puppy: A Safe Space to Pee
Make sure that your puppy has a place to relieve themselves or themselves where it feels safe. The spot should be familiar and comfortable to your puppy.
You may have noticed that dogs will often relieve themselves in the very same spot that they've used before. Their scent acts like a trigger, and they'll likely continue using familiar spots to relieve themselves.
It's also important to keep in mind that your puppy will react to your tones and gestures. A nervous or frustrated tone can easily affect your puppy (but being too squeaky or loud could distract your puppy as well). Instead, it'd best to keep relatively quiet during while your puppy is learning to do its business.
House Training A Puppy: The Importance of Routine
Having some sort of routine while housetraining your puppy is extremely important.
Sticking to a schedule teaches your puppy that there are times to eat, times to play, and times to potty.
According to the Humane Society, a puppy can generally control their bladder one hour for every month of age. So if your puppy is two months old, they can hold it for about two hours. Don't go longer than this between bathroom breaks, or he's guaranteed to have an accident.
With this in mind, taking your puppy out as frequently as possible is important. Start off taking your puppy outside at least every two hours. In addition, there are certain times of day when your dog should absolutely be taken outside to potty right away. These times include immediately after waking up, during and after playing, and after eating or drinking.
You may also want to consider teaching your pup to hit a doggie doorbell when you go outside, which will eventually teach your dog to signal when they need to use the bathroom. It may be a lot to start with when you're still getting the potty training basics down, but eventually, it can be quite handy!
Pick a bathroom spot outside, and always take your puppy (on a leash) to that spot. While your puppy is “going,” use a word or phrase, like “go potty,” that you can eventually use before they or they go outside to remind them or them what to do.
Depending on their age, puppies usually need to be fed three or four times a day. Feeding your puppy at the same times each day will make it more likely that they will putty at consistent times as well, and that makes house-training easier for both of you.
Rewarding Your Puppy When Housebreaking
Once your puppy has successfully gone outside, it is important to reward the good behavior.
It doesn't have to be a parade with 57 trombones, but a simple word of praise or a treat can get the message across of a job well done.
At the same time, don't punish your puppy for an accident or do anything to create a negative association with the puppy's bodily functions.
If your puppy has an accident, stay calm and assertive and quietly remove the puppy to the place where you want them to go. Expect your puppy to have a few accidents in the house – it's a normal part of housetraining!
Common Problems When Housetraining A Puppy
Accidents are common in puppies up to a year old. The reasons for accidents range from incomplete house training to a change in the puppy's environment.
When your puppy does have an accident, keep on training. Then if it still doesn't seem to be working, consult a veterinarian to rule out a medical issue.
According to K9 Behaviorist, there are actually six common housebreaking problems that go unnoticed. These six problems are:
Genetics
Environment
Dog's size/maturity level
Lack of pack leadership
Incorrect use of force to house train
However, some problems owners encounter aren't really problems at all. Some breeds and temperaments (i.e., genetics) of dogs are simply more difficult to housetrain.
House size can also play a factor. The bigger the house, the more difficult to housebreak. To a puppy, a large home is an endless maze of potty places (it's a lot to handle!). That's why it's often best to start your pup off in a small, enclosed area (like a crate), and slowly add more space as your pooch learns how to potty appropriately.
Another issue can be too much fiber in your puppy's food, making your puppy more accident-prone.
Too much water intake, and even medications can also result in accidents that your puppy has little control over. If you're having puppy housebreaking issues, be sure to check all these potential problems.
Tips and Tricks for House Training A Puppy
1. Don't Punish Your Puppy. Punishing your puppy for having an accident is strongly discouraged. It teaches your puppy to fear you (positive association is a common theme for general dog training across the board).
If you catch your puppy in the act, clap loudly so it knows it has done something unacceptable. Then take them outside by calling them or taking them gently by the collar. When they are finished, praise them or give him/ a small treat.
If you find the evidence but didn't see the act, don't react angrily by yelling or rubbing their nose in it. Puppies aren't intellectually capable of connecting your anger with their accident. You'll just make things harder and more confusing for your puppy.
2. Stay Outside For Longer Than Normal. Staying outside longer with your puppy may help to curb accidents. They may need the extra time to explore.
3. Use Enzymatic Cleaners. Clean up accidents with an enzymatic cleanser rather than an ammonia-based cleaner to minimize odors that might attract the puppy back to the same spot. Remember, dogs like to relieve themselves in the same spots where they detect their scent, so try to eliminate your dog's scent from any unwanted accident spots.
It's also not a bad idea to get a puppy bed that is designed to be easily washed, since accidents will be frequent at first.
4. Try Potty Pads. Some pet owners prefer to use dog potty pads and grass pads to house train their puppies. They are available online and in pet stores.
Do you have any puppy house training tips to share? Let's hear your thoughts in the comments!
The eyes of the world are on Sochi as the unlikely sub-tropical venue prepares to host the 2014 Winter Olympics in a few days time. Later this year, Sochi will also become F1's newest destination when the inaugural Russian Formula 1 Grand Prix is held on October 10-12 at the new $200m circuit Sochi Olympic Park circuit designed by Hermann Tilke.
An F1 race in Russia, mooted for over 30 years and earlier planned for either Moscow or St Petersburg, was finally given the go-ahead in 2010 when the commercial rights holder for F1, Bernie Ecclestone, signed an agreement in the presence of Vladimir Putin for the race to be staged in the Black Sea resort of Sochi for seven years beginning in 2014.
As you can see from the photos below, the circuit is nearing completion though the final track surface will not be laid until after the Winter Olympics. At 5.848km, the clockwise Sochi street circuit will be the third longest on the current F1 calendar, shorter only than Spa and Silverstone. It is constructed around the Sochi Olympic park, which will host the main stadium for the opening and closing ceremonies of the 2014 Winter Olympics as well as ice hockey and speed skating.
TRAVEL TO SOCHI
The experience of international visitors to Sochi for the 2014 Winter Olympics this month will provide valuable travel guidance for F1 fans considering attending the F1 race later this year. The US Department of State has issued a travel advisory for US citizens attending the Winter Olympics which you can read here.
Ticket sales for the 2014 Russian Formula 1 Grand Prix at the Sochi Olympic Park circuit will commence on March 4.
The official website of the circuit promoter is currently only in Russian – presumably, a new site with more language options will be launched when ticket sales commence.
If you are planning to head to Sochi for the race in October, the city's new airport (code: AER) has regular international and domestic connections:
Austrian Airlines has direct connections from Vienna and Turkish Airlines has direct connections from Istanbul.
Alternatively, you can transit via Moscow with a range of international carriers.
For more travel information on F1's newest destination, check out the following useful links:
