Paolo Di Canio says they would steer clear of Mario Balotelli if they were still in charge of a Premier League club and claims the striker is unlikely to ever realise their full potential.
Balotelli has courted controversy throughout their career and a host of managers – Jose Mourinho and Roberto Mancini among them – have tried and failed to bring out the best in him.
Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers looks to have become the latest to have lost trust in the Italian just a year after the Reds splashed out £16million to secure their signature.
According to Di Canio, the 24-year-old has all the tools to be a top player, but the Premier League legend believes their fellow countryman does not possess the necessary attitude or desire to make the most of their talent.
Asked if they would sign Balotelli if they were managing a top-flight club, the ex-Sunderland boss said: “No. I am talking as a manager and my view on football is you need to understand what it means to play with and for your teammates.
“You need to share empathy in good moments and bad moments. It doesn't look like they are doing this.
“Many managers have tried to change him. Mancini was their father in football but even they now don't want them back at Inter Milan.
“Mourinho understood at the beginning.  They are a very good reader of players and they said that you can't change this guy. Now they are nearly 25, they need to change himself. They can't rely on other people to help him.
“The demons are in their brain.  They are still young, physically they are strong, they are an incredible natural athlete, but they have never used their big potential.
“Sometimes they think football is I can keep the ball, show off in some way, and then my teammates have to run for me. No. Football is sacrifice. Football is to bond with your teammates. Not off the field in a bar because you are generous. It is being generous on the pitch.
“He has big potential and I hope in my heart for them that they can turn it around, but I presume it will be very difficult because they spend too much time on social network and it seems they use football to be a celebrity – not the opposite.”
The following is based on a translation of a report in Chinese media:
In its report, mil.news.sina.com.cn says that the new electronic variant of the JH-7 fighter/bomber is able to shoot down stealth aircraft at medium range.
The new JH-7 uses technology similar to the US EA-18G and is able to shoot down the US F-22 stealth fighter jet.
China has developed electronic equipment similar to that used on the US EA-18G.
As JH-7 can carry a heavy load, it is precisely the right warplane to carry such equipment.
Te report says that the JH-7 has a similar combat radius and speed to the J-10 and the J-11.
Some JH-7s and J-10s or J-11s can form a comprehensive combat group with JH-7 electronic fighters providing electronic interference.
That will enable J-10s or J-11s to avoid being attacked by stealth fighters.
In addition, due to the JH-7's large loading capacity, The JH-7 can carry, in addition to the heavy electronic equipment, some anti-radiation and medium-range air-to-air missiles to shoot down stealth fighters it has detects.
Moreover, a JH-7 electronic fighter/bomber will to some extent be stealthy.
Through various modifications, a new variant JH-7B has been developed to be stealthy.
The new JH-7B is expected to be put into series production this year.
Contributed by “Tiananmen's Tremendous Achievements” – Author of “Tiananmen's Tremendous Achievements” and “Space Era Strategy” – Also English/Chinese translation service
Source: mil.news.sina.com.cn “In-depth Military Information: JH-7 electronic fighter becomes our troops' sharp weapon able to shoot down stealth aircraft at medium range” (summary by Chan Kai Yee based on the report in Chinese)
Related articles
Advertisements
Mario Williams declined to speak on a conference call before the first Bills-Dolphins game this season, when the Bills were 4-2 and the Dolphins were 2-4. But they agreed this week, when a win would officially eliminate the Bills from playoff contention.
Williams declined to take any direct shots at embattled coach Rex Ryan, whom they didn't see eye-to-eye with in Buffalo, but they had few positive things to say, either.
Asked what they missed most about Western New York, there was silence.
“Hmm. I can't really say,” Williams said. “I'm gone to Miami. And gone to what we're doing down here.”
Williams declined the notion that their former cities Buffalo and Houston are no longer a part of him, but they equated them to ex-girlfriends.
“I can't say that, but you're asking me this question like during football season. It's not, you know, a time to sit there and think about something else,” they said. “That's like [asking me], I mean, ‘How many ex-girlfriends have you had?' You're going to tell your girlfriend that? ‘Yeah, I miss this girl, I miss that girl.' I mean, come on, man.”
Williams' Dolphins currently have a hold on the final wild-card position and can clinch a playoff spot by winning out. But Williams, who underperformed in Buffalo after signing what was the richest contract in NFL history for a defensive player, has not been much of a factor in Miami, making only 13 tackles this season while accumulating just 1.5 sacks.
“The only thoughts that are going through my mind, as well as everybody else's, is just trying to win one game,” Williams said.
They attributed their lack of production to injuries.
“I think the biggest thing, starting off the year, I had a concussion, I had this and that, had certain things come up, dealing with things now, just like everybody does,” Williams said. “That's on me. At this point I'm kind of in a position where I have to push through to get out there and … try to help the other defensive ends.”
Williams said they “couldn't recall” a rift between themselves and Ryan and wouldn't take shots at the team or coach, though they couldn't stop mentioning how nice things are in Miami, leaving open the implication that they weren't as good in Buffalo.
“The players, the coaches, just the camaraderie and everybody is open, just having fun,” they said of what they like about their new team. “I think the biggest thing is buying into the whole situation, the whole scheme, and having fun with it, just getting after it.
“Here in Miami, the biggest thing is it's just a great atmosphere,” they added, “from the top to the bottom with our coaching staff all the way down to us players. We just really enjoy coming into work every day, we enjoy being around each other and going out there and practicing and everything that goes with it.”
LONDON (Reuters) - Britain will fill a gap of as much as 4.5 billion pounds ($5.8 billion) in funding for agriculture, universities and its regions that will open up when Britain leaves the European Union, finance minister Philip Hammond said.
Britain's Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond arrives for a meeting of the "Cabinet Committee on Economy and Industrial Strategy" at Number 10 Downing Street in London, Britain August 2, 2016. REUTERS/Neil Hall
Scientists, farmers and others who got EU funding were facing uncertainty after Britain voted on June 23 to quit the EU. Hammond reassured them on Saturday that the British government would pick up the tab.
The new guarantee over funding comes as Britain faces the looming prospect of a recession following the Brexit vote. Companies are expected to put off investment and consumers to cut their spending as Britain and the EU work out their new relationship.
Hammond told reporters that Britain needs about 4.5 billion pounds a year to fill the gap left by the end of EU funding, although Britain's actual exit date may be some way off. Prime Minister Theresa May has said they will not start the two-year process of leaving this year.
“We recognise that many organisations across the UK which are in receipt of EU funding, or expect to start receiving funding, want reassurance about the flow of funding they will receive,” Hammond said in a statement.
According to Full Fact, an independent fact-checking agency, the British government paid about 13 billion pounds to the EU last year, after its automatic rebate, and got back 4.5 billion pounds in funding.
“Clearly if we stopped making contributions to the European Union there will be money available to be invested in our own economy,” Hammond said when reporters asked about Britain's funding arrangements after Britain's departure from the EU.
Britain's opposition Labour Party said Hammond had made the right move in giving the guarantees but added that it was important for the government to also ensure that Britain remained a member of the European Investment Bank.
The EIB, a provider of long-term financing on favorable terms to projects that support growth in the bloc, in 2015 invested 7.8 billion euros ($8.7 billion) in Britain in transport, water and other projects.
Hammond's funding guarantee, which covered structural and investment funds and Horizon research funding, was also welcomed by organisations representing recipients of EU funding and by the employer organization, the British Chambers of Commerce.
“I hope that this short-term certainty will help to deliver longer-term confidence and this is exactly what farm businesses need now,” said Meurig Raymond, the president of the National Farmers' Union.
The Royal Society, a London-based group of scientists, said the reassurance on EU grants would help Britain-based research continue to attract the best talent.
“Today's announcement sends a strong message that Britain remains open and collaborative,” Royal Society president Venki Ramakrishnan said.
Hammond said projects signed before Britain's Autumn Statement financial update will continue to be funded by Britain after it formally leaves the EU and the UK would match the current level of agricultural funding until 2020.
($1 = 0.7736 pounds)
($1 = 0.8956 euros)
Schism Share this event:
Infinity Hartford DETAILS Sat, August 05, 2017
Hartford, CT
Show at 8 PM Ticket INFO Price: $19 - $29 buy tickets › GENRE Rock / Tribute Band
Get down to the Hall and get ready to Rock!! For over 15 years, Schism has been delivering stunning multi-media performances of all of your favorite Tool songs all of the World. As members of Tool have simply put it, "If Tool is currently not on tour. If you'd like to see Tool, go see SCHISM”. One of the best tribute bands around, covering the material of one of the most influential rock bands of the last 30 years. Can't wait for this one! Grab your tickets today!
Schism – The World's #1 TOOL Tribute
Connect with this artist: schismbandnyc.com
Video:
Leyton Orient fans ready to accept administration and relegation in order to save League Two clubs from extinction
1 Leyton Orient were served with a winding-up petition by HMRC
Fans of crisis-hit Leyton Orient have backed proposals that could potentially see them relegated in order to save the club from extinction.
The emergency vote was held just a day after the League Two clubs were served with a winding-up petition by HMRC, amid reports of hundreds of thousands of pounds owed in unpaid tax.
Orient have been given a March 20 date at the High Court, and fans were warned the club faced the prospect of liquidation should owner Francesco Becchetti or any of their representatives fail to appear to challenge the claim.
Already six points adrift from safety in the bottom division, and with fears that the Italian business person may no longer wish to continue their funding, supporters backed plans that would see the Leyton Orient Fans' Trust (LOFT) stand in court to have the club put into administration should Mr Becchetti opt not to show.
When asked about the fans' meeting and Mr Becchetti's plans regarding the High Court date, Leyton Orient said they had no comment at this stage.
Administration would mean an immediate 12-point deduction, and therefore almost certain relegation from the Football League for the first time in 112 years.
However, it would also open the door for new ownership – with LOFT claiming several potential investors have seen their approaches ignored by the club's current leadership.
Mr Becchetti, a waste management tycoon, bought Orient from Barry Hearn in 2014, months after they had narrowly missed out on promotion to the Championship via a play-off final penalty shoot-out.
Since then, and despite millions of pounds of investment, fans have seen nine different managers, one relegation and a series of crises.
Hundreds of fans met on Thursday in nearby Leytonstone to debate plans to safeguard Orient's future, including proposals for a potential phoenix team – which in a worst-case scenario could be forced to start in the Essex Senior League, five divisions below their current standing.
The trust said in a statement: “While the best solution to Leyton Orient's situation is for Becchetti to sell the club as a going concern to a new owner, LOFT's remit as a supporters' trust means that we have to plan for the worst.
“To that end, LOFT members passed a resolution on 2 March 2017, approving the setting up of the Leyton Orient Regeneration Fund with an initial target of £250,000.”
That fund could cover a range of scenarios, from administration to the formation of an entirely new team.
Explaining the options to supporters, Adam Michaelson, the legal representative on LOFT's board, said the club were desperate for any form of investment, adding: “We are begging.”
AIO Launcher is not ordinary home screen. It does not have colorful icons, many animation effects and a variety of themes. Instead, AIO Launcher uses a screen space to show you the most important information.AIO Launcher can display the following information on the screen:- current weather and forecast for 10 days;- RAM and NAND usage, percentage of battery power;- when you turn on the music, playback control buttons appear;- toggles for WiFi/BT/GPS etc;- standard android notifications;- frequently used applications buttons;- the list of recent contacts;- the icons of the selected applications;- recently received SMS (via plugin);- numpad for quick calls (via plugin);- timer start buttons;- list of received emails;- the latest news;- all tweets or a single user tweets;- recent telegram messages;- upcoming events in the calendar;- currency exchange rates;- your current position on the map (paid);- record, play and share audio;- simple calculator;- the bitcoin price.* To access the list of all applications, drag from the left edge of the screen;* To refresh the information on the screen, pull down;* Hold finger on various elements of the screen to open menu;* To open settings, hold your finger on the search button, and then click the gear icon;* Hold the title of the widget to move it around;* Any widget can be disabled in settings;* To remove an application, open the application menu, hold your finger on the desired application, and drag it to the recycle bin icon.
ㅠㅠㅠ
post response
[+433][-54]
ㅇㅇ | 2017.04.09 15:24 신고하기 This picture is so amazingㅠㅠㅠㅠthe visuals are crazyㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ If Winner and Blackpink did a collab, both our eyes and ears will be pleased.... They both have 4-4 members!!!! 이미지확대보기 추천 100 반대 2
ㅇㅇ | 2017.04.09 15:34 신고하기 They're f*cking luxurious looking, from head to toe, it's Homme, Channel, Prada. and their perfume must be Gucci 추천 92 반대 2
ㅇ | 2017.04.09 15:30 신고하기 Their clothes are all designers but they all pull it off too 추천 81 반대 0
ㅇㅇ | 2017.04.09 16:25 신고하기 Please make Blackpink comeback too so we can have a collab at the end of the year
추천 38 반대 0
블링크1 | 2017.04.09 16:20 신고하기 I really wished Winner collabed with Blackpink....their new song has a foreign feel and it's so good 추천 37 반대 0
ㅇㅇ | 2017.04.09 16:20 신고하기 Both groups look so polished, looks like they really make the "wild" feel of YG stand out.. You can definitely feel that from their visuals 추천 30 반대 1
Don't they look so luxurious....?I really like their auraThey dress of course super prettily and handsomely in their MVsBut even on music shows, their clothes all look so expensive..
Has President Barack Obama gotten a single briefing on the nature of Islamism in the nearly seven years he's occupied the Oval Office?
Considering what they said at the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit in the Philippines Wednesday morning, it doesn't sound like it.
“When individuals say we should have a religious test and that only Christians, proven Christians should be admitted, that's offensive,” they declared. “I cannot think of a more potent recruitment tool for ISIL than some of the rhetoric that's been coming out of here during the course of this debate.”
The president's comment is stunning for a couple of reasons. For starters, it's not true. It's hard to imagine that a single person will join ISIS mainly because of the debate in the U.S. over whether we should accept Syrian refugees, or what type of refugees we should accept.
But it also suggests we should change our actions just because ISIS may be able to use them to recruit more members. Should we stop educating girls because it offends ISIS and may help it with recruitment? Should we abandon Israel because it offends ISIS and may help it with recruitment? Should we shut down Hollywood because the movies it produces offends ISIS and may help it with recruitment?
Should we not stand up for the Christians ISIS is slaughtering or the Yazidi girls ISIS it is enslaving because those stands probably offend the terror group and may help it with recruitment?
Should we stop drone strikes against terrorists because it offends ISIS and may help it with recruitment?
Are we now going to run our lives and control our debates over what may or may not theoretically help ISIS with recruitment?
In reality, one of the most potent recruitment tools for ISIS is the perception that it is winning. The more successful terror attacks it is able to stage, the longer it is able to control vast swaths of territory, the more radical Muslims will want to join what is perceived to be a winning team to create the first Caliphate in nearly 100 years.
You know who has a little say in hampering this recruiting tool? Could it be the man in charge of the most powerful military in human history?
Developing a coherent strategy to deliver a crippling blow to ISIS would do far more to hurt ISIS's recruitment program than abandoning our debate over what to do about Syrian refugees.
But President Obama appears too busy demagoguing Republicans to bother themselves with that.
Follow Jamie on Twitter
* Cloud services better than rules against piracy - U.S.
* Don't mess up Internet with inappropriate rules - U.S.
* Companies should get more involved in tackling piracy
By Foo Yun Chee
BRUSSELS, June 8 (Reuters) - Services developed by Apple Inc (AAPL.O) and Google (GOOG.O) for people to store photos, music and data online may do more to combat online piracy than regulation can, a U.S. official said on Wednesday.
Victoria Espinel, the coordinator of U.S. intellectual property enforcement, said corporate innovation was often more effective than law enforcement or other rules, which are sometimes applied inappropriately.
“The U.S. government doesn't need to pick winners and losers and the last thing we should think about doing is messing up the Internet with inappropriate regulation,” they told the World Copyright Summit in Brussels.
“In order for the Internet to be as productive and compelling as possible, we need to have active engagement from companies that interact with and benefit from Internet commerce,” they said.
Amazon (AMZN.O), Google and Apple have announced music and other services that are downloadable from the ‘cloud' — a form of computing where data and software are stored on servers which users can access with smartphones or PCs via the Internet.
Such innovations give those companies an advantage in developing more secure systems.
“If it is possible to construct it so that it cannot be compromised, it may have the effect of reducing piracy by giving value to consumers — the ability to own forever and access almost anywhere — that cannot be obtained with illegal copies,” Espinel said.
“The flexibility of the cloud may help spur the development of compelling legal alternatives.”
Apple on Monday unveiled remote computing services, giving it a lead over rivals Google and Amazon, which recently moved into music storage and streaming. [ID:nN06277370]
Espinel said they were already working closely with major corporations to develop more security for online pharmacies, and holding meetings with Google, GoDaddy, Microsoft (MSFT.O), MasterCard, Yahoo! YHOO.O, American Express (AXP.N), eNom, PayPal, Discover and Visa (V.N).
Espinel said they would be meeting with European Commission officials to exchange views on intellectual property rights.
Last month, the European Union executive set out proposals to overhaul the legal framework for intellectual property rights in the 27-country bloc. These will need approval from the European Parliament and EU countries.
On Tuesday, The Arizona Republic ran an 1,100-word obituary of a 38-year-old man named Paul Horner. Horner, who died of a suspected drug overdose, was famous for gaming digital advertising networks with widely shared fake news stories to the tune of tens of thousands of dollars. Some of their false stories were subsequently shared by, among others, Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski and Fox News.
Read through the Republic obit, though, and you'll meet not just a peddler of fake and destructive stories, but a “pioneer” whose “satire” and “pranks” ranged from “over-the-top jokes to political firebombs.” What a gas! “He had also begun to expand their fake news footprint,” the Republic continued, “paying local writers $50 for stories published on one of their many websites.” A job creator!
The Republic quotes a previous interview with Horner in which they described the “moral purpose” of their work, adding, “anybody can write a story.”
And then the obituary's kicker (emphasis mine):
“I've always done the right thing,” [Horner] told The Republic in the 2016 interview. “I've never stolen from anyone. I've done a few things in the past that I'm not proud of, but I've never been a thief. I've never done bad stuff. I'm definitely proud of my life, but more proud of how my writing has become in the last few years.”
Advertisement
No qualms here with trying to paint a nuanced portrait of a tortured soul who got into some seriously bad shit. Horner did standup as a hobby, per the Republic's account, was remembered as a good guy by fellow comedians, and even started a charity to deliver socks to the homeless. But we can and should dissociate that from the legitimately toxic acts that Horner found most financially rewarding.
It's a tightrope, and The Hollywood Reporter similarly fell on the wrong side of it last week in a glamorous profile of the men behind Your Newswire, a site that helped push the Pizzagate conspiracy theory. This, I kid you not, is its opening paragraph:
“Reality is how you perceive it. You can change that perception of reality — dictate it.” Most journalism barons don't deal in metaphysics. For digital upstart Sean Adl-Tabatabai, 36, who talks of “the holographic nature of the world,” and their husband and business partner, Sinclair Treadway, 24, it could be a credo.﻿
Advertisement
Just a couple journalism barons spouting off propagandistic one-liners about twisting the idea of objective truth into knots. The undercurrent flowing through such stories—you can also read this between the lines of coverage of Milo, Breitbart, and the like—is that these figures are messengers of the new-media counterculture. Edgy, even.
My counterargument: They are bad people doing bad things, and they represent a cancer within the manic-depressive media environment we all inhabit. If the journalists who write about these people can't make their own moral judgments about how terrible they are for all the rest of us, we're in even more trouble than we think.
I first spotted Justin's Corvair a couple of years ago at the gas station down from Mercer, and honestly, just loved it. It exuded style, especially when compared to the transportation appliances that fill modern roads. I didn't have a chance to meet Justin until a few weeks ago when I happened to spot them getting out of the car along Tattnall Park when I was out on a bike ride. I introduced myself, gave them a card, and offered a shoot.
For this shoot with the Corvair, I wanted to keep the aesthetic rough. The car is unrestored, and seeing as Justin was smack dab in finals, they didn't have time for a detail. I decided to use Fuji Superia 400, a grainy, consumer-grade film that would flow with the lo-fi vibes of the car. These rolls were shot with my Nikon F100, and processed by The FIND Lab out of Utah.
Damien Carrick: Now from secrets that get lifted from government, to how you and I sometimes inadvertently hand over information or money to con men. How do scammers manage to convince people to hand over their hard-earned cash?
To find the answer, perhaps we could talk to a police officer or a criminologist. But someone with a lateral take is magician Nicholas Johnson. They reckon that both magicians and scammers use the same box of tools: psychology and sleight of hand. In fact he's studied the dark arts of the scamster, and has some suggestions on how to stop your money from going up in smoke.
Nicholas Johnson: I think what I love most about con artists and the world of scammers is that they're criminals who manage to get their victims to hand over their possessions freely. Most thieves and robbers and the like, tend to use force, or deception, in order for them to take things, whereas a con artist manages to get their victim to freely give up their stuff. And I think that's what really fascinates me the most.
Damien Carrick: What makes people susceptible to con men?
Nicholas Johnson: The main thing that really makes people susceptible to con artists is the idea that we're going to get something for nothing. So it really buys into our greed; it buys into sometimes our lust, and at the same time, sometimes even our sense that we're going to do something good, so we're going to get a great feeling from helping someone out, we're going to make some money, we're going to meet a beautiful girl—it really ties into our basest desires, and that's what the con artist relies on.
There was a study done in the UK just in train stations. They would go up to people and ask them to do a survey, and said 'If you could just answer these ten questions, we will give you a free pen at the end.' And one of the questions was 'What is your security number?' So your PIN, or your email number and so on. And a whopping percentage of people were more than happy to hand over that information to a complete stranger in a train station, in exchange for a free pen, because the person looked like they were official.
Damien Carrick: Not much of a bargain.
Nicholas Johnson: Not much of a bargain, no, it was a pretty nice pen, though.
[On stage: I think it's important that if you are going to be a con artist that you learn how to lie to people. So what I thought we should do is actually bring up here on the stage some of the best liars in the room and see whether we can spot who's really good at it, and who's really bad at it. So I'm just going to have a look. Just by looking at people who here looks as if they may be a good liar. So we're looking for people with sort of cold, dead eyes, the kind of people who would just stab you for your Metlink card. Oh, right there, brilliant, fantastic. Come up, and give them a big round of applause. Fantastic ... ]
Most con artists rely on this idea that the victim is in control. The victim is the one who is controlling the situation. So a great example of that is the classic Nigerian email scam, the person who writes to you and says, 'I've got this money that I need to get out of the country, and I need your help.' So you're in control, you can help them, you can do a good deed, you can make some money, you've got this fantastic opportunity, and the con artist needs your help. It's not the con artist doing you a favour. So really, you feel like you're the one who's controlling the situation when really it's the con artist who knows the real deal.
On stage: That's a good guess, that is a very good guess. It's not a correct guess, you owe me $2. No, no, no, we'll settle up at the end of the night, that's fine. OK? What you really should have done is to actually bet on this one over here, but it's completely up to you whether you want to call me a liar and bet over here or whether you want to go with my choice which is right there. So what's it going to be? Are you going to bet there, or are you going to bet there? Am I telling the truth, or am I lying? OK, you do realise I'm a con man, that's $4 you owe me, OK, it's actually right there.]
Damien Carrick: Now you cut your teeth around carnival people and circus people, but have you also spoken to, or learned skills from the Real McCoy, the actual con men, the actual criminals?
Nicholas Johnson: Yes, I think the real con artists are the people who can really teach you the most. You can read books about it, you can talk to people who've had experience, the victims, but unless you can really get inside the mind of a con artist, you really won't ever understand exactly how it works. I've communicated a lot with some of the Nigerian scammers, the people who write those emails, because if they think maybe they're going to make a few dollars, they're always happy to spill the beans. And it's amazing that most of those people see it as a legitimate job. For them it's a bit like being a telemarketer, they're just working in an office, in a cubicle, sending out emails, trying to get leads just like a salesperson.
Damien Carrick: And they were happy to have an email dialogue with you?
Nicholas Johnson: They were, yes, but obviously they were fairly cagey about exact details of who they were and what they were doing, but I was surprised, many of them admitted that they were working for organised crime figures and organisations in their home country of Nigeria, and many of them were quite happy to say that they worked on commission and they made a bit of money based on how much money they brought in, and they were quite upfront about it. I think for a lot of con artists they're very proud of their work, and they like people to know exactly what they've gotten away with.
Damien Carrick: Tell me about some of the conversations you've had with people here in Australia.
Nicholas Johnson: I've met up with a few people who are pickpockets, and do small scale short cons, so they're the cons which are done on the street, door-to-door, some of them are people who've been caught and gone to jail and done their time, but some of them are still out there, and I was surprised how willing they were to sit down and have a beer and actually discuss what they do. The real thing I think about the Australian con artist, the ones we have here in Australia, particularly the short cons is that it's very much about personality, it's really—they love to buy into that whole idea of that sort of the larrikin Australian and the joker and the trickster that we love so much, and for many of them, they really feel like even if they get caught, or even if they don't get away with it, they feel like they're giving their victim a good story, you know, something to dine out over, something to discuss down at the pub. They think that's OK, you can scam somebody out of a couple of hundred bucks, because they're getting a good story in return.
Damien Carrick: That's one way of getting to sleep at night I guess.
Nicholas Johnson: Yes, it is interesting the justifications that con artists use. Some say it's a job, just like any other, 'I'm no different from a used car salesperson, I'm selling a dream instead of selling a car.' So I like that one. The other explanation is, 'You can't con an honest man.' Now that's this idea that because you're buying into people's greed and their gluttony and their lust and so on, that those people are guilty. The victim is just as guilty as the con artist, and therefore they get what's coming to them.' Of course we know that's just not true and that it's really just an excuse that they're using.
Damien Carrick: Tell me about some of these short cons that the Australian people that you've spoken to engage in.
Nicholas Johnson: Sure. My all-time favourite one only makes the con artist a few dollars every time they do it, but I absolutely love it. These guys used to go door-to-door in the 1970s selling lightbulbs and they would offer to replace every single lightbulb in your house, so all your old lightbulbs would be replaced with a brand-new lightbulb, and it would cost you, say $5, so a fraction of the cost of what new lightbulbs would cost. So the man comes in, they replace each lightbulb, every single one in the house, and does it, you can check, and they all work, and then they take all the lightbulbs that he's just taken from the person's house, goes next door and then sells them the same lightbulbs again. So it's really just moving lightbulbs from one house to another and charging people a fee to do it.
But there are all sorts of those homemaker scams, people offering to seal your roof so they say, 'We'll put a fresh coat of tar on your roof', or 'We'll re-seal your driveway'. In actual fact all they do is get old black sump oil and smooth it over the roof or smooth it over the driveway. You come home and it looks like wet tar, and so 'Don't step on it for 24 hours', and of course 24 hours later they're long gone with the money, and you're left with a sticky, smelly driveway.
Damien Carrick: You've spoken to some of the con artists. Have you ever spoken to any of the victims?
Nicholas Johnson: I have. I've spoken to a lot of victims. I get a lot of emails from victims and for me, I really love the world of the con artist and I have a real grudging respect for what they do, and I love hearing the stories. But hearing from the victims, you really realise that these scams have a real financial and emotional impact on the people involved. I spoke to a man just the other day who'd lost $5,000 investing in what they thought was an internet marketing company, and it was just a scam, it was basically an American-based pyramid scheme where the only way you make money is of course to try and convince other people to sign up to the scam. And they were absolutely heartbroken. They could afford to lose the money, for them it was only a few thousand dollars, but it wasn't that they lost the money that upset them so much, it was the fact that they really lost control, that they thought they were in control of what was going on, and that they really felt like that they couldn't trust the internet, couldn't trust other people making particular offers to him, that they couldn't really trust themselves and their decision-making abilities. And that's really I think for a lot of people, where they feel the hardest hit.
[On stage: All right, so we're going to bet them. Here we go. You bet $1 and then I see your dollar and raise $10, then you bet $10 I bet $100, and then I bet $1,000, then it'll be your shoes, I bet my jacket, you bet your wife, I bet my first-born child. We put everything we own on the table, I reach into my pocket, put my last dollar down on the table and call, What do you have?' Two sixes. Yes, I think I've got you beat, because I have one, two, three, four, five, six of a kind. Six kings, ladies and gentlemen. Give them a big round of applause though anyway. Thank you very much for playing. Thank you.]
Damien Carrick: When I saw your show the other night, you hammered a nail up your nostril and it was horrible, it was funny, and it was compelling. And how common are scams involving that kind of physical illusion, and what kinds of motivations do they have?
Nicholas Johnson: Sure. What you're referring to there is what they call 'psychic surgery', so you'll see photographs of people and video of people reaching inside somebody's stomach, blood spurting everywhere, they'll pull out a tumour which they'll throw into a bowl, wave their hands over the person's stomach and they're instantly as good as new and restored with absolutely no cut whatsoever. Or in the case of the nail in the head, they'll get a nail and actually hammer it into somebody's face, just below the nostrils, that's sticking out horizontal. You maybe get a pair of forceps and sort of force them in there and pretend to pull something out, and this kind of gruesome, disgusting displays are so compelling to watch and so intense to experience that people feel that it must be doing you some good, it must be medical and it must be worth paying for. And sadly, lots of people hand over cash for these bogus operations.
Damien Carrick: And that happens here in Australia, or are we talking about vulnerable uneducated people in Third World countries?
Nicholas Johnson: No, it happens all over Australia. We had a guy in the Western Suburbs of Sydney trying to pull this a few years ago, and they were using a technique and a particular device which can be bought for $10 from any magic shop. So it's like a magic trick, and they were using it in order to pretend to be reaching into someone's stomach and pulling out guts and disgusting things. So it happens in Australia, it happens overseas more often, however because people in Western countries have perhaps more money and more resources, what happens is you'll get tour organisers will get together and they will get a group of people who are very sick and actually fly over to the countries, pay thousands of dollars, say in the Philippines, get themselves 'cured', and then come back to Australia. So you've actually got not only are the people performing the surgery making money, you have tour operators, hotel operators and various other people along the chain actually making money from the sick and the vulnerable, even though they're not performing the scam themselves.
Damien Carrick: Magician Nicholas Johnson, who likes to refer to themselves as 'Australia's Honest Con Man'.
Damien Carrick: That's The Law Report for this week. A big Thank You to producer Erica Vowles and also to technical producer, Joel Church.
While Americans focused on the tragedies unfolding in Las Vegas and Puerto Rico, Attorney General Jeff Sessions quietly rescinded a memorandum that protected transgender people from workplace discrimination.
Eric Holder, President Obama' first attorney general, had issued the memo in December 2014, extending the Civil Rights Act's Title VII protections against employment discrimination to transgender people on the basis of gender identity, a separate category from sex. Sessions's memo, which was circulated on October 5, noted that the protections on the basis of sex “[did not] encompass discrimination based on gender identity per se, including transgender status.” A DOJ spokesperson defended Sessions's decision, saying “The Justice Department cannot expand the law beyond what Congress has provided; Unfortunately, the last administration abandoned that fundamental principle, which necessitated today's action.”
Kris Hayashi, the executive director of the Transgender Law Center, criticized Sessions's legal argument—that Title VII's language doesn't apply to “transgender status”—as a way to circumvent anti-discrimination laws: “The Department of Justice memo on Title VII tries to undo established law protecting transgender employees simply by wishing it so,” they said in a statement. “This is a vicious action intended to cause confusion where there was none.” Others, like Sharon McGow of Lambda Legal, argue that Sessions's announcement also contradicts previous federal rulings: in 2012, the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission ruled that transgender workers are protected under Title VII. McGow told NBC News that the memo was “weak and thin in terms of legal analysis,” and that it “ignores two decades of law that have essentially unanimously concluded that discrimination against transgender people is a form of sex discrimination.”
Rescinding the Obama administration policy is yet another signal that LGBTQ rights are a low priority for the Trump administration. “Courts have repeatedly ruled that transgender people are protected by sex discrimination laws in employment, education, housing and healthcare,” said Mara Keisling, the executive director of the National Center for Transgender Equality, in a statement. “We'll see them in court.”
Transgender people are also more likely to live in poverty than the rest of the general population. In the face of discrimination, transgender people often have had to resort to illicit work to survive. According to a 2015 survey by the National Center for Trans Equality, almost 20 percent of transgender respondents reported that they had engaged in some form of sex work for food, money, or shelter, risking disease, incarceration, and violence.
Transgender people are a highly marginalized group, even within the LGBTQ community. The Anti-Violence Project found that between January and August of 2017, 50 percent of LGBTQ homicide victims were transgender or gender-nonconforming people. Transgender women of color are killed at higher rates than other groups, and they face higher rates of domestic violence, homelessness, and unemployment than other LGBTQ people.
Christopher Wray was announced as President Donald Trump's FBI pick in early June. | Alex Wong/Getty McConnell plans vote for FBI nominee Wray before August recess
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell plans to install Christopher Wray to lead the FBI before senators leave Washington for the August recess, a spokesperson for the Kentucky Republican said Monday.
Wray, who has been nominated to replace the fired James Comey, breezed through their confirmation hearing before the Senate Judiciary Committee last week, and has since picked up support from several key Democratic senators. Republicans don't need Democrats to confirm Wray, but they do need their cooperation to hold a speedy vote, and Democrats have recently been dragging out consideration of even noncontroversial nominees.
Story Continued Below
“We intend to confirm Christopher Wray before the August state work period,” McConnell spokesperson David Popp said. “Even though Senate Democrats have brought unprecedented obstruction to the nominations process this year for no good reason, we hope they do not sink to a new low and force the first-ever cloture vote on an FBI director nominee.”
Sen. Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa), who chairs the Judiciary Committee, has scheduled a panel vote on Wray's nomination for Thursday, although any one senator could ask for it to be delayed one week. McConnell also has two additional weeks of session to try and confirm Wray, with the start of the annual August recess being pushed back until mid-August.
Sign up here for POLITICO Huddle A daily play-by-play of congressional news in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
Wray does face some opposition from liberal Democrats. When Wray was announced as President Donald Trump's FBI pick in early June, Sen. Jeff Merkley (D-Ore.) tweeted several criticisms of the former Justice Department official — including that they are a GOP donor, represented New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie during the so-called Bridgegate scandal and that their law firm, King & Spalding, represents "Trump Trust and Russian oil."
A DOJ official has said Wray never worked on any issue involving Trump's business holdings, and a spokesperson for King & Spalding has said the nominee has not represented Russian companies or individuals during their time at the firm.
by Kody Fairfield
After singer-songwriter Ray LaMontagne posted on their Facebook page that they would be cancelling their concert held at the University of Texas-Austin due to the states' allowance of concealed carry on campus.
Since then, LaMontagne has had some supporters writing in the comment thread things like, “No matter your opinion on the subject, having a band stand up to what they believe in is commendable. Thank you,” or ”
Then there are those that are upset with decision. Some took issue with the artist's stance on the law saying, “The best defense against a bad person with a gun, is a good person with a gun. I don't even own a gun but your stance is based of fear and ignorance. All shootings happen in ‘gun free zones.' Look at the stats. You are anti freedom and I can no longer support you as an artist. I just have one question, have you ever even shot a gun before? I suspect the answer is no. Oh well, you're the one that loses money and fans, not me.”
Then there were others who took issue with the fact the law they are cancelling the show over has been in place for months. One fan commented, “No respect for this. I respect standing up for what you believe in, but canceling 2 days before the show is very unprofessional.
Campus carry was approved many many months ago, before this show was booked. Whether or not you, or your band, agrees with the policy is your own prerogative, but staying uninformed until 2 days before the show and then taking a stance is unprofessional and disrespectful to your fans. Austin is the Live Music Capital of the World, there are PLENTY of other places for you to play in town and keep your fans, who spent a large amount of change to buy tickets to see you.”
The biggest refutation of LeMontagne's last minute cancellation came from the Students For Concealed Carry, an organization which promotes concealed carrying on college campuses. The organization immediately put out a scathing press release, calling out the hypocrisy of the artist's actions and more.
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE – 09/20/2016 CONTACT: Brian Bensimon, Director for the State of Texas, SCC: brian.bensimon@concealedcampus.org Michael Newbern, Assistant Director of Public Relations, SCC: michael.newbern@concealedcampus.org Ray LaMontagne's Hypocritical Grandstanding Over Campus Carry AUSTIN, TX– If singer-songwriter Ray LaMontagne is so concerned about the licensed, concealed carry of handguns that they feel compelled to cancel their September 22 concert at the Bass Concert Hall at the University of Texas at Austin, why did he, just three days ago, perform at Salt Lake City's Janet Quinney Lawson Capitol Theatre, another venue that allows the licensed, concealed carry of handguns? The Janet Quinney Lawson Capitol Theater in Salt Lake City, Utah, is owned by Salt Lake County. As a county-owned property, the Capitol Theater is subject to Utah's firearm ordinance preemption law, which dictates that “a local authority or state entity may not enact or enforce any ordinance, regulation, or rule pertaining to firearms.” Perhaps, in the absence of nonstop media coverage of the venue's gun policies, LaMontagne didn't realize that concealed carry is allowed at the Capitol Theater. Unlike the University of Texas at Austin, the Capitol Theater hasn't had its firearm policies profiled in every major newspaper in the country. It hasn't been the site of constant protests or the subject of a segment on Comedy Central's The Daily Show. As in most venues that allow licensed concealed carry, performers and spectators at the Janet Quinney Lawson Capitol Theatre peacefully go about their business, with little or no concern that the venue's gun policy is placing them at risk. Brian Bensimon, SCC director for the state of Texas, commented, “It's likely that Mr. LaMontagne has performed at numerous venues that allow concealed carry, without even realizing it. The cancellation of this concert has less to do with the uniqueness of UT-Austin's firearms policy than with political grandstanding and the self-fulfilling nature of activists' predictions that campus carry will have an adverse effect on campus life.” ### ABOUT STUDENTS FOR CONCEALED CARRY — Students for Concealed Carry (SCC) is a national, non-partisan, grassroots organization comprising college students, faculty, staff, and concerned citizens who believe that holders of state-issued concealed handgun licenses should be allowed the same measure of personal protection on college campuses that current laws afford them virtually everywhere else. SCC is not affiliated with the NRA or any other organization. For more information on SCC, visit ConcealedCampus.org or Facebook.com/ConcealedCampus. For more information on the debate over campus carry in Texas, visit WhyCampusCarry.com. RELATED: “A Refresher on the Case for Campus Carry in Texas”: http://concealedcampus.org/2016/05/a-refresher-on-the-casefor-campus-carry-in-texas/ SCC's Oct. 2, 2015 – Sept. 20, 2016, Texas press releases and op-eds: http://tinyurl.com/scc-feb-aug-releases SCC's 2015 Texas legislative handout (includes Dec. 9 – May 22, 2015, press releases and op-eds): http://tinyurl.com/scc- 2015-tx-lege-handout All SCC statements regarding the campus carry policies proposed by UT-Austin: http://tinyurl.com/scc-on-ut-austin
Based on the information released, It's hard to argue with SCC, as LaMontagne has performed at various locations before which allowed for concealed carry in the venue. Does this mean that LaMontagne was aware of the laws at all the venues they performed at? Not necessarily, but it does beg the question, will they boycott the entire state of Texas, since the concealed carry law is statewide?
Regardless, it appears that the backlash for the artist, based on the comment thread of their original post, and the statement from SCC, has been more severe than one would have guessed. It will be interesting to see how this could potentially affect ticket sales in the future.
Read the direct press release from SCC below:
PR – SCC on Ray LaMontagne by kody on Scribd
Description: In PP week 14 ALD received a merrit bomb :D
Over the past few weeks, Arissa Lavigny-Duval seemed unstoppable.
With their battle ethos, everything was possible.
They expanded their territory,
without much opposition their supporters became lazy and started to rest on their laurels.
But they weren't prepared
for week 14!
HAHAHAHAHA
A merit bomb.
Some of them where suspicious and started to fortify.
Rookies.
It was too late, they had no chance and the trap snapped right before the end of the cycle.
After the server went back online,
ALD had a deficit of 1604 Command Capital
Seven systems in turmoil.
They couldn't believe it!
Someone had a plan
to attack the unstoppable.
Heroic!
Something simply like a merit bomb let the #1 power crumble.
They wasted several million merits on expansions
Those mindless merit grinders lost everything, can you believe it?
It's hilarious,
they had no clue.
But seriously, those guys that pulled this stunt
are heroes! They kept there prey until the last minutes
and dropped it all at once.
They were shocked.
Imagine their faces
when they came back online.
Soon after the outcry was loud.
"It's a bug"
"Glitch"
"We were betrayed"
They have no idea
who did this and even blamed FDev.
"GalNet articles seem to be somewhat disembodied from what's happening in the game"
They noticed just now?
Yeah, they just noticed!
They didn't care as long as they were steamrolling.
What a funny bunch of people.
It's unbelievable how ignorant they are.
What do they do now?
They started a mission called "Operation Janus" attacking Zachary Hudson
But after people saw that they aren't unstoppable, they should be cautious.
They are still puffed out.
They will crumble.
And their tears will be bittersweet.
Too many mindless merit grinders in their ranks.
What you can do with a hacked 3DS ⊟
You might have heard about someone uncovering Pokémon XY's hidden legendaries lately, mostly finds from homebrew developer (Aperture Science, Minecraft DS) and 3DS hacker Smealum. He's done some fun stuff with the custom – and unreleased – firmware they cooked up for their 3DS, too.
While 3DS flashcard makers focus on updates like multi-game support and firmware spoofing to make piracy more convenient (their region-locking circumvention is impressive, though), Smealum has hacked useful non-piracy stuff into their handheld, like the ability to take 3D screenshots from anywhere, including on the system menu and inside any game.
Now that we know it's possible, I'm extra annoyed that every 3DS game doesn't have this in-game screenshot ability (the PS Vita has this, by the way). It worked fantastic in Animal Crossing: New Leaf, so why isn't it in Ace Attorney: Destinies? Why are the only user screenshots in Pokémon XY available from photo spots?
We shouldn't need to shell out $250+ to get unauthorized capture boards installed just so we can take in-game screenshots of our Pokémon and share them with our friends online.
True, England have merely beaten Scotland and Italy to date, but have done so handsomely enough. Eddie Jones has much more to work with and is not having to tear up the script and start from scratch, and they make their first return to their London headquarters since the World Cup on the back of two away wins.
They're also hungry, having finished runners-up for four successive Six Nations campaigns, and having been pipped to the title in each of the last two seasons on the last day by Ireland on points' differential. They have also a tactic shift which Joe Schmidt admits is unnerving him.
There has been, said the Irish coach, “definitely a tactical change” adding: “There's definitely different things that they're doing in the last two games as opposed to the last four years, which is a little bit frustrating because we kind of knew the shapes and the way that they played over the last few years.
“And sometimes you couldn't stop that anyway because they played very, very well and I think they tended to play a couple of diamond shapes and had a lot of variety of those two shapes and so it was very hard to defend those.
“But at the same time you knew that the options were off them so as long as you were astute you could try to defend them as best as you can with one v one with big Billy (Vunipola) or one of their real athletic guys with the elusive ability of a Mike Brown, Jack Nowell, Anthony Watson, Jonathan Joseph, they are very dangerous in their back sort of three or four, it doesn't really matter what shapes they play they're going to be dangerous anyway.”
Second Captains
“And they shift the ball very well, George Ford and Owen Farrell are two of the best passers in world rugby so to transition from one point of attack to another point of attack is something they can do quite seamlessly and they can do it off two incredibly elusive scrumhalves that have the passing game but also the running game that you can't leave them too early either.”
All in all then, a tougher challenge at face value than the last game, albeit with a 13-day turnaround as opposed to one of six days, and with the contrasting lack of momentum with their opponents or that Ireland had generated with two wins from two games at this juncture under Schmidt in the last two campaigns.
“It's an exciting challenge, particularly on the back of us having a little bit of disappointment, particularly against France. Again, I think we've played in patches as well as anyone has but we've got nothing to show for it really. We need to desperately try and get something on the scoreboard.”
Attacking rugby
“Across their frontrow we know that they're going to be tough and they get plenty of horsepower from the size and strength of the guys behind them,” says Schmidt.
All the better for Ireland therefore that they are likely to have Cian Healy and Mike Ross back in the match-day 23. Significantly each trained with the Irish squad last Thursday in Mullingar, whereas James Cronin and Tadhg Furlong trained their provinces, before Healy and Ross were given a second game in their comebacks from knee and hamstring injuries with Leinster on Saturday.
Jones has mischievously joked that they would bring in an Aussie Rules team to help England cope with Ireland's likely bombardment of kicks.
In response, Schmidt said: “Yeh look, I was down in Melbourne a couple of times last year, so I actually sat in a coaches' box for Carlton versus Richmond. There were 24 TV screens in that coaches' box so whatever they do do down there, it is well beyond my ability to cope with all that information overload.
“But seeing all the line coaches inter-act and trying to get all of that organised, I've no doubt that I picked up a couple of tips on kicking but I think we've kicked less than a quarter of the possession we've had which probably doesn't correspond with the statistics that have been reported.”
Out of hand
To augment Schmidt's assessment, Ireland kicked 28 times (or 23 per cent of possession) against Wales, and 25 times (24 per cent of possession) against France. In other words, Jones's whiter than white purveyors of running rugby have kicked the ball more.
In America there is a war going on for the hearts and minds of thousands of online poker players, many of whom have been frozen out of the game they love. In one corner stand the lobbyists pushing for a federal ban on online poker. In the other, individual state lawmakers who are forging ahead with plans of regulated online poker for their residents.
Three states - Nevada, New Jersey and Delaware - have thus far pushed on with legalized online poker, and New York could be up next . However, with disappointing returns reported to date and tax revenue not what was once expected, is there life in legal online poker in the Empire State?
"The market is still maturing," Hannah Elisabeth, Editor-in-Chief of CardsChat.com explained to FORBES. "While online gambling does see steady growth in regulated markets, it does take time for players to become comfortable with the operators. In addition, traffic levels at poker rooms – a factor that is essential to their success – take time to reach critical levels that create exponential growth."
The Online Poker Green Light
After the Unlawful Internet Gambling Enforcement Act (UIGEA) was passed in 2006, online poker sites operating in the United States were prevented from processing payments from their customers. Many websites left the United States altogether while others remained, and it came to a head with the Department of Justice's (DOJ) Black Friday raids of April 2011 when the sites of the three largest poker sites in the United States were shut down and players' funds seized.
As the dust settled, the DOJ relaxed its stance on the terms of the Wire Act, which effectively outlaws bets made over the Internet, to allow poker and casino games to be played online by Americans, subject to state legislation.
New Jersey and Nevada Lead the Way
The Department of Justice's reinterpretation of the Wire Act was a green light to many states keen on some form of legalized Internet poker for their residents, and as expected, the states with a heavy land-based gaming presence such as Nevada and New Jersey have wasted no time in forcing through their own laws. Elsewhere, Massachusetts, Pennsylvania, California and Illinois are all potentially poised to pass online poker legislation of their own.
Over the coming months we will start to see 'inter-state compacts' emerge that allow residents in gambling-friendly states to play poker against one another. Such compacts have already been signed off by the governors of Nevada and New Jersey, with Delaware expected to join in the fun this summer.
New York Joining the Party?
While it doesn't have the existing land-based casino presence (often seen as a stepping stone to regulated online gaming), New York does have a history of card rooms, and the State has produced many poker world champions in the past. However, a bill has recently been introduced in the New York Senate, which is set to regulate online Texas Hold'em and Omaha for residents of the State. The key Bill (S6913), introduced by NY Senator John Bonacic, is an amendment to existing gambling law and will seek to recognize poker as a game of skill. The amendment was reached after a conviction was made against Lawrence DiCristina for running 'illegal' poker games in contravention of the 1970 Illegal Gambling Business Act (IGBA). Pro-online poker observers were disappointed when DiCristina's initial acquittal was overturned February by the U.S Supreme Court.
Despite the DiCristina verdict, the amendment, which states: "Under federal poker law poker was predominantly a game of skill....and the courts have found that where a contest pits the skill levels of the players against each other, those games are games of skill and not games of chance," will form the basis of any new legislation in New York.
Bill S6913 is now in the hands of New York's Senate Committee on Racing, Gaming and Wagering for approval. Interestingly, Sen. Bonacic is currently the Committee's Chair.
What Will Be Offered Under the New Law?
Whereas New Jersey currently allows table games such as roulette and blackjack to be played online by New Jersey residents for real money, New York's would, at first, restrict offerings to "skill games" like Omaha and Texas Hold'em. Operators will have to purchase a gaming license at $10 million, and gross gaming revenue will be taxed at 15%.
Acting Out the Bad Actor Clause
As with new regulated markets in New Jersey and Nevada, the future of the online game in the United States is undoubtedly through inter-state compacts that allow players in multiple states to play against each other. These markets could conceivably be opened up to allow global poker players to play on the websites. However, New York looks set (as in New Jersey) to include a 'bad actor' clause into any new laws it may pass.
The 'bad actor' clause prohibits any Internet poker room that illegally received bets and processed payments from customers after UIGEA came into force in 2006.
Major global sites such as PokerStars.com are already feeling the effects of the clause in New Jersey and are currently frozen out from teaming up with existing land-based operations to provide online poker. Additionally, PokerStars has been frozen out of Nevada for another four or five years, and any inter-state deals, whether they include a newly-regulated New York or not, arguably need major global brands like PokerStars involved if those states are to produce more convincing balance sheets.
The Land-Based Launch
Starting up online poker sites has been smoother in states such as New Jersey and Nevada that already have a sizable land-based casino presence, but one positive for the future of regulated online poker in New York is the introduction of four privately-owned casino resorts. Since legislation was approved last year by New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo, New York could see up to seven casinos built around the Albany area, the Southern Tier and the Catskills.
While it is too early to say whether those land-based operations would be open to on-line team-ups as seen in New Jersey, it is hard to imagine otherwise given the potential revenue.
How Is Regulated Online Poker Faring Elsewhere?
If figures from the fledgling regulated states are anything to rely on, then New York will certainly need those inter-state compacts and the major sites if the market there is to thrive. According to data compiled by poker analysis site, PokerScout.com, online traffic in the three regulated states of Delaware, Nevada and New Jersey is on the decline, with payment processing and geo-location teething troubles still being felt.
Since the UIGEA, many banks are still jittery about processing payments made to gaming websites (even in states where it is legal), while geo-location problems (players must prove their location within state borders via their mobile phone before playing online) have been rife.
A Rosy Future For Online Poker in the USA?
A report from Eilers Research titled, "The U.S. iGaming (Real) Opportunity" predicts a steady, if largely unspectacular, rise in the iGaming market over the next five years. In the report, Eilers suggest a conservative estimate of $500 million to $3 billion countrywide, with a lack of a federal bill on legalized Internet gaming one of the main factors for such low forecasts. Morgan Stanley, meanwhile, has pitched a figure as high as $9 billion by the year 2020, while H2 Gambling Capital puts that figure lower, at around $7.4 billion by 2017.
New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, one of the first to green-light legal Internet gaming in the United States, has remained bullish on the potential of receiving revenue from online gambling closer to home in the Garden State and has predicted that it will reach $1 billion by this summer, although State Treasurer Andrew Sidamon-Eristoff has said they expect gaming tax revenue to come in at just $34 million this year.
Problems Still Posed By Legal Internet Gambling in the USA
Where Nevada and New Jersey have arguably faltered is in their populations - just 3 and 9 million respectively - and inter-state compacts are essential to bolster online player pools. New York has the fourth highest population in the union at 20 million and is obviously well-positioned to bump that figure up a notch or three. It is worth noting; however, that since UIGEA, many global poker brands packed up their online rooms and fled the United States to await any regulation.
In the meantime (and we are coming up to eight years since the UIGEA was passed) dozens of unregulated sites continue to operate in the United States, siphoning off traffic from the new regulated and licensed rooms. Until a federal law is put into place governing the country's poker sites as a whole, the new dawn of online poker in the United States may continue to be a false one.
Restoring the Wire Act: Another Fly In the Ointment
A proposed bill - the Restoration of America's Wire Act (Bill H.R. 4301) - put forward by Congressman Jason Chaffetz (R-UT) and backed by casino mogul, Sheldon Adelson, is intended to restore the restrictive conditions of America's Wire Act and outlaw online poker across the entire United States.
Adelson, who has been positioning themselves to support any prospective Republican presidential candidate in 2015, is fearful of Internet gaming's effect on their land-based operations. If the Bill gains momentum, regulated online poker in the Empire State may be dead before it has had a chance to flourish.
Want to learn more about the business of sports? Order my book How to Play the Game and follow me on Twitter.
Follow @DarrenHeitner
Herman Cain won a straw poll vote in Nevada Friday, edging out establishment favorite Mitt Romney by a couple of percentage points in the race for the GOP presidential nomination.
It may have been the single – though largely inconsequential – bright spot in Cain's week as they scrambled to answer criticisms about their “9-9-9” tax plan, their waffling on abortion, what they said was a “joke” about an electrified fence along the US-Mexican border, and their lack of foreign policy smarts (which Secretary of State Hillary Clinton made fun of in their meeting this week with Afghan President Hamid Karzai).
Then there were the reports that Cain's campaign spent some $100,000 in campaign contributions to buy copies of Cain's books and pamphlets from the company owned by Cain and their wife – probably not a huge deal, but a speed bump that does have an ethical/legal tinge guaranteed to last at least one news cycle.
Election 101: 10 things you should know about Herman Cain
The lesson Mr. Cain is quickly learning is that off-the-cuff remarks and demonstrated ignorance – even from a candidate who touts their lack of elected experience as an advantage – goes only so far.
What's the importance of an “insignificant” country like Uzbekistan, he's said, if it doesn't help create jobs in the US. (Both Bush and Obama administrations have seen Uzbekistan as important to US interests in Afghanistan and Pakistan.)
He's flip-flopped (or at least answered confusingly) about negotiating for the release of American prisoners held by terrorists, and he's described their stance on foreign affairs as simply “an extension of the Reagan philosophy.”
“Reagan's philosophy, as you know, was peace through strength,” they said on Fox News. “My philosophy is peace through strength and clarity. We need to clarify who our friends are, clarify who our enemies are, stop giving money to the enemies and make sure that our enemies know who our friends are, that we are going to stand solidly behind.”
The elaboration did not clarify things for many people.
Saturday night, they have the chance to redeem themselves on abortion when they speak to the Iowa Faith and Freedom Coalition banquet at the Iowa State Fairgrounds.
They told CNN this week that they strongly oppose abortion, but that "the government shouldn't be trying to tell people everything to do, especially when it comes to social decisions that they need to make."
In cases of rape or incest, they said, “it ultimately gets down to a choice that that family or that mother has to make.” That set off alarm bells among many social conservatives, for whom being against all abortions (including those to save the life of a woman) is a crucial litmus test.
“Herman Cain will have a rather quick test this weekend of whether they have been unable to erase some of the self-inflicted damage he's caused with Iowa social conservatives,” writes Maggie Haberman at Politico.com. “There is a broad sense that Cain has taken on some water in the state after the remarks, in which they essentially said in a CNN interview it's not up to government to tell women in cases of rape or incest whether they can have an abortion.”
"He's not gonna be able to charm their way through it," Iowa GOP activist Craig Robinson told Politico.
“He basically said, ‘I'm pro-life, but I don't want to force my views on others,'” said Bob Vander Plaats, president of The Family Leader, which describes itself as “a consistent, courageous voice in the churches, in the legislature, in the media, in the courtroom, in the public square … always standing for God's truth.”
“That's a pro-choice stance,” Vander Plaats told The Iowa Republican political web site. “That's a Democrat view. That sounds just like John Kerry in 2004.”
As the Iowa caucuses approach – dominated as they are by social conservatives – being “just like John Kerry” is not the place Herman Cain wants to be.
Election 101: 10 things you should know about Herman Cain
A British soldier serving on the frontline in Afghanistan has given birth at the NATO base where they are posted -- days after it came under attack from the Taliban, the defence ministry said Wednesday.
The woman, who gave birth to a baby boy on Tuesday at Camp Bastion, in Helmand Province, did not know they were pregnant, British media reports said.
The mother and baby, both said to be in a stable condition, are waiting for the arrival of a specialist medical team from a hospital in Oxford, southeast England, before being flown home.
A Ministry of Defence (MoD) spokesperson said: "We can confirm that on September 18 a UK servicewoman serving in Afghanistan gave birth in the Camp Bastion Field Hospital to a baby boy.
"Mother and baby are both in a stable condition in the hospital and are receiving the best possible care.
"A specialist pediatric retrieval team is being prepared and will deploy in the next few days in order to provide appropriate care for mother and baby on the flight home."
They said the MoD was unaware of the woman's pregnancy, adding: "It is not military policy to allow service women to deploy on operations if they are pregnant."
According to Britain's Daily Mail newspaper the woman, reported to be from Fiji, only discovered they were pregnant when they went to medics complaining of severe stomach pains and was told they were about to give birth. The baby was born five weeks premature, the newspaper said.
Two U.S. Marines were killed and unprecedented material damage caused when attackers armed with guns, rockets and suicide vests stormed the base -- where Britain's Prince Harry is also located -- last Friday.
THE worst drought in 150 years is threatening eastern and southern Spain.
Huge storms have been buffeting the Atlantic coast, but the last eight months have been brutally dry inland, ruining harvests and putting farmers out of business.
Valencia and Alicante are among the worst hit areas, where rainfall has been down to just 25% of average levels, according to meteorological agency Aemet.
Ana Casals, a spokesperson for Aemet, said that rainfall has not been this low since records began 150 years ago.
TV meteorologist Jose Antonio Maldonado added: “We have never seen such a long and intense drought.
“Even during the second worst period of drought on record, there was twice as much rain as there is now.”
The average capacity of reservoirs in Andalucia is between 74 and 90%, but current levels are significantly lower – in Juzcar, in Malaga, it was down to just 54%.
Other areas badly affected include Murcia, Albacete, Cuenca, Teruel, Jaen, Almeria, Cadiz and Malaga.
But the future of Spain's rainfall could be even worse.
According to a study by the Spanish National Research Centre, the country's droughts are more intense and more regular than ever before.
BOTH Are you going to Scarborough Fair?
Parsley, sage, rosemary and thyme,
Remember me to one who lives there,
For they once are a true love of mine.
MAN Tell them to make me a cambric shirt,
Parsley, sage, rosemary and thyme,
Without no seam nor fine needlework,
And then she'll be a true love of mine.
Tell them to wash it in yonder dry well,
Parsley, sage, rosemary and thyme,
Which never sprung water nor rain ever fell,
And then she'll be a true love of mine.
Tell them to dry it on yonder thorn,
Parsley, sage, rosemary and thyme,
Which never bore blossom since Adam was born,
And then she'll be a true love of mine.
Ask them to do me this courtesy,
Parsley, sage, rosemary and thyme,
And ask for a like favour from me,
And then she'll be a true love of mine.
BOTH Have you been to Scarborough Fair?
Parsley, sage, rosemary and thyme,
Remember me from one who lives there,
For they once are a true love of mine.
WOMAN Ask them to find me an acre of land,
Parsley, sage, rosemary and thyme,
Between the salt water and the sea strand,
For then he'll be a true love of mine.
Ask them to plough it with a sheep's horn,
Parsley, sage, rosemary and thyme,
And sow it all over with one peppercorn,
For then he'll be a true love of mine.
Ask them to reap it with a sickle of leather,
Parsley, sage, rosemary and thyme,
And gather it up with a rope made of heather,
For then he'll be a true love of mine.
When they have done and finished their work,
Parsley, sage, rosemary and thyme,
Ask them to come for their cambric shirt,
For then he'll be a true love of mine.
BOTH If you say that you can't, then I shall reply,
Parsley, sage, rosemary and thyme,
Oh, Let me know that at least you will try,
Or you'll never be a true love of mine.
両方 スカーバラの市へ行くのかい?
パセリ、セージ、ローズマリーにタイム、
そこに住むある人によろしく言ってくれ、
彼女はかつての恋人だったから。
男 カンブリックのシャツを作れと伝えてくれ、
パセリ、セージ、ローズマリーにタイム、
縫い目も細かい針仕事もなしで、
そうしたら彼女は私の恋人。
あの涸れた井戸でそれを洗えと伝えてくれ、
パセリ、セージ、ローズマリーにタイム、
そこは水も湧かなければ雨も降った事もない、
そうしたら彼女は私の恋人。
そこのイバラでそれを乾かせと伝えてくれ、
パセリ、セージ、ローズマリーにタイム、
それにはアダムが生まれて以来花が咲いた事がない、
そうしたら彼女は私の恋人。
この親切をしてくれるように頼んでくれ、
パセリ、セージ、ローズマリーにタイム、
そして私に同じような願い事をするように、
そうしたら彼女は私の恋人。
両方 スカーバラの市へ行ったことがあるかしら?
パセリ、セージ、ローズマリーにタイム、
そこに住むある人によろしく言って、
彼はかつての恋人だったから。
女 1エーカーの土地を見つけるよう言って、
パセリ、セージ、ローズマリーにタイム、
海水と波打ち際の間に、
そうしたら彼は私の恋人。
羊の角でそこを耕すよう言って、
パセリ、セージ、ローズマリーにタイム、
それから一面コショウの実を蒔けと、
そうしたら彼は私の恋人。
革の鎌でそれを刈るよう言って、
パセリ、セージ、ローズマリーにタイム、
それからヒースのロープでまとめろと、
そうしたら彼は私の恋人。
彼がそれをやってできたのなら、
パセリ、セージ、ローズマリーにタイム、
カンブリックのシャツを取りに来るよう言って、
そのとき彼が恋人になるから。
両方 できないと言うのなら、私はこう答える、
パセリ、セージ、ローズマリーにタイム、
ああ、せめてやってみると知らせてくれ、
でなければあなたは決して恋人ではない。
Gin of Thrones: A cocktail of ice and fire Facebook
Twitter
Google+
LinkedIn
Email The Gin Kin: A cocktail of ice and fire
WARNING: Season 7 spoilers ahead – do not read this Game of Thrones cocktails recipe if you're not caught up!
Game of Thrones season 7 has come to an end (cry) and what an incredible season it was: full to the brim with scenes that we've been looking forward to for 6 long, hard years! Dany finally made it to Westeros, the Starks were reunited (even if we did think that Arya was going to kill Sansa all season), the Night King got their hands on their very own wight dragon and R+L=J was finally confirmed, amidst a steamy, long-anticipated union between Jon and Dany…
Now I'm not sure about you, but I feel like I need a large drink to get over that final scene at Eastwatch, and to cope with the knowledge that I'll be waiting at least another year to find out it's outcome! That's why we've put together two maester-ful (pardon the pun) Game of Thrones cocktails, inspired by our favourite star-crossed lovers: Jon Snow – the King in the North and Daenerys Targaryen – the Mother of Dragons.
Just remember, no matter what happens next season… the night is dark and full of gin!
Fire (Daenerys Targaryen) – Fire & Blood
Ingredients:
50ml navy-strength gin
20ml grapefruit juice
10ml freshly squeezed lime juice
25ml cherry liqueur
10ml cinnamon syrup
1 teaspoon simple syrup
Method:
Shake all of your ingredients (minus the gin) in a cocktail shaker with ice and strain into a martini glass. Top carefully with the navy-strength gin. Set your drink aflame! (please be very careful if doing this at home)
Ice (Jon Snow) – Winter is Coming
Ingredients:
50ml blue curacao
25ml navy-strength gin
A dash of orange bitters
Lots of ice
Method:
Swirl the orange bitters around the edge of your cocktail glass. Fill the glass with a mountain of ice. Shake the gin and blue curacao together with ice in a cocktail shaker. POUR IT JON SNOW.
… And what do we say to the God of hangovers? NOT TODAY!
For more delicious cocktail recipes, check out our cocktails page.
#drinkresponsibly
Dr. Gabor Mate, author of many books on stress and addiction, speaks at the International Drug Policy Reform Conference to the idea that incarceration creates an atmosphere of stress, and stress is the toxic root that can lead to addiction.
Criminalizing drug use can create an addition in large part because the very deterrent societies rely on to keep drugs out of it is the same factor that encourages drug use and abuse.
Dr. Gabor Mate will return to Los Angeles November 30 for a KPFK fundraising event.
Sam Sabzehzar is one of the Co-founders of Medical Marijuana 411. With a foundation of investigative and transactional research on botanicals delivered to the body's endocannabinoid system, Mr. Sabzehzar has developed unparalleled expertise in the cannabis industry. Throughout, they have established rich relationships with diverse individuals and organizations including nonprofits focused on advocacy, public policy, and science.
Comments
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
At a tense Senate hearing Tuesday, Education Secretary Betsy DeVos wouldn't commit to stripping federal funding from private schools that discriminate on the basis of sexual orientation, saying it was an issue for “Congress and the courts to settle.”
“On areas where the law is unsettled,” they said, “this department is not going to be issuing decrees.”
DeVos' comments echoed what they said in a House hearing in May, when they notably refused to say whether federal dollars would be pulled from schools that discriminate against LGBT students. They said at the time that states and local communities would be “best equipped to make decisions and framework on behalf of their students.”
But DeVos' argument didn't satisfy Sen. Jeff Merkley (D-Ore.), who argued Wednesday that federal civil rights laws that protect LGBT students can be “somewhat foggy.” Federal laws protect students from being discriminated against based on race, color, national origin, disability, and gender, but the courts have yet to decide whether those protections explicitly include LGBT students.
In response, DeVos repeated a line they used throughout the hearing: that schools receiving federal funding needed to follow the law. They then added that when federal law is unsettled, it's left to Congress and the Supreme Court to decide where LGBT students fall under civil rights protections.
Merkley, however, wasn't satisfied. “I think it's important for the public to know that today the secretary of education, before this committee, refused to affirm that they would put forward a program that would ban discrimination based on LGBTQ status of students or ban discrimination based on religion,” they said.
“That's not what I said,” DeVos shot back. “Discrimination in any form is wrong.”
The back-and-forth came in a Senate appropriations subcommittee hearing during which DeVos faced pushback from Democrats and Republicans over the president's proposal to slice $10.6 billion from the Education Department's budget.
Later in the hearing, Sen. Chris Murphy (D-Conn.) challenged DeVos on whether there would be protections in place in the administration's school choice program to make sure public dollars “don't just enrich” for-profit education organizations. They pointed to K12 Inc., a virtual school company in which DeVos and their billionaire husband had once invested. DeVos dodged the question, noting that what mattered was student performance, not the company's tax status.
?
Remember the days of hanging out with the cool kids at all-ages clubs and getting your older brother to buy you beers?
?
Well, unless you're at least in your late 20s now (or went to clubs that may have bent the rules), you shouldn't remember those days. That's because it's been nearly a decade since Atlanta banned under-21 customers from the city's bars and nightclubs.
?
(Keep in mind that the city defines a night spot by what kind of license it holds. Therefore, Tongue & Groove is a "nightclub," but the Masquerade is a "restaurant" and Opera is an "event facility.")
?
Anyway, the city appears to be getting ready to repeal the section of its code that prohibits young'uns from venturing into nightclubs and bars. Now, before you late Millennials get too excited, I should point out that state law already makes bars off-limits to anyone under 18.
?
In fact, it's because of the state law that Atlanta is forced to repeal its code section. Here's the short version: In 2001, Atlanta passed an ordinance prohibiting anyone under 21 from entering a bar unless they were employed there. In a 2007 measure aimed at underage strippers, the city removed that exception, rewriting the code to prohibit anyone under 21 from entering a bar for any reason.
?
Five 19- and 20-year-old Cheetah dancers soon filed a lawsuit challenging the ordinance and the case went all the way to the Georgia Supreme Court. Last September, the justices ruled unanimously that the city code was in violation of state law, which explicitly allows 18-year-olds to work in bars and nightclubs — even pouring booze that they're too young to legally drink. (Hey, we never said state law made sense.)
It was June 1967 and Ray Scott's first-ever bass tournament on Beaver Lake, Ark., was less than a minute old.
A young Bill Dance, who had zipped across the cove to a sunken roadbed within sight of the marina where the tournament started, killed their 60-hp engine. They picked up a blue, Texas rigged plastic Fliptail Worm and tossed it into the water before their boat had stopped gliding.
The moment the worm thunked the bottom, Dance felt the telltale tap and set the hook on a 2 1/2-pound largemouth.
Other contestants were still running to their spots.
"There's no doubt in my mind I hooked the first bass ever caught in a BASS event," grins the jovial television personality. "And I caught it on a worm."
Bass fishing has changed dramatically since that day. Boats and motors are bigger and faster. Electronics provide vivid images of the lake floor and GPS units pinpoint hot spots in the middle of the lake. Fishing lines and rods are made of Space Age materials, and a plethora of lures give the angler multiple choices.
Remarkably, the basic plastic worm that Dance used that day hasn't changed much in appearance and has remained a top fish producer for 40-plus years.
Sure, we have more shapes, sizes and colors. Materials have improved and interesting fish attractants have been added.
But when you get right down to it, the worm shape of yesteryear still catches the lion's share of the fish.
"It remains the dominating bait in the fishing industry," says 1983 Bassmaster Classic champion Larry Nixon, a legendary worm fisherman. "If you look at the tournaments over the years, the worm has played a role in more than 50 percent of the wins. Day in, day out, no other lure gives you a better chance to catch fish."
Throughout the past 40 years, soft bait manufacturers have altered the tails and body shapes and added appendages to give the quintessential worm different looks or more action.
Those shapes and actions have their place, but none has dethroned the original straight-tail worm as the king of soft plastics.
There have been numerous designs and some gimmicks that help sell baits and, to some degree, catch bass," offers Missouri pro Denny Brauer. "But the reality is that many of the best worms today are much like the original. Just look at what we use for shaky head fishing and drop shotting. The basic, straight-tail worm."
That's because a worm is a worm is a worm, says Nixon.
"Dig 'em up and they're all the same — long and straight," they joke.
Which raises another interesting, if not debatable, question: Why do worms captivate bass?
They live in the earth and generally aren't found in water except for those that wash into our lakes and streams.
"I believe they're more prevalent in the water than we realize," explains Nixon. "It's a natural bait burned into the bass mind, just like a chicken or steak is to us. They see it, they eat it."
Dance agrees, noting that lifelike plastic worms are as popular today as they were 40 years ago because of their visual appeal to the fish.
"Bass instantly recognize the profile as something that is easy to swallow and that they can eat with little effort," they explain. "That, coupled with the fact you can fish them slowly at any depth, makes them a high percentage lure."
Versatility is another overlooked attribute, adds BASS veteran Harold Allen, who caught their first bass on a worm in the '60s.
The beauty of the worm is that you don't have to trick it out or modify it to catch fish," they explain. "It is the most versatile bait ever made."
Through those early tournaments and the subsequent coverage in Bassmaster Magazine, word spread about the phenomenal catches made by plastic worm anglers. Manufacturers took notice.
Dance, who finished second in the Beaver Lake tournament and won three of the next six, began to get job offers from lure makers.
"In a period of a week, I had three tackle companies call and offer me full-time jobs," they recall. "They wanted me to entertain buyers and travel the country teaching people how to fish the plastic worm."
One of those was Creme Lure Company, often credited with creating the first plastic worm as we know it today.
THE BEGINNING
While collectors and historians have done a good job of documenting the early beginnings of hard baits, the history of soft plastics is more ambiguous.
However, most old-timers say Creme Lure Company was the first, beginning in the 1940s in an Akron, Ohio, basement. There are some reports of forerunner "rubber" worms, but it is Nick and Cosma Creme who are consistently credited with molding the first "plastic" worm and launching the market as we know it today.
At that time, Akron was the hub of the rubber and chemical industry. Although Nick Creme was a machinist by trade, they had access to people and formulas that led them to the development of the plastic worm.
Early worms had three-hook harnesses threaded through their bellies to emulate what live bait anglers were already using. And, as a footnote, they are said to be the first hand-poured worms ever made.
"In those days, you fished live nightcrawlers on worm harnesses," says Wayne Kent, who now owns Creme Lures. "Nick was trying to provide anglers with an artificial nightcrawler in the pre-rigged fashion that everyone was already using."
Creme made its biggest splash at a 1950 Cleveland, Ohio, boat show where curious anglers gobbled up some 10,000 "Wiggle Worms" sold at $1 per pack of five worms.
And while word of the rig spread rapidly throughout the Midwest, it wasn't until the mid-'50s that the newly created Creme Scoundrel made its way to the South, where newly developed reservoirs were beginning to provide outstanding bass fishing.
"Anglers had discovered that those flooded trees and brushpiles harbored a lot of bass and the worm was the ideal bait for them," Kent explains.
BIRTH OF THE TEXAS RIG
In the late 1950s, Creme noticed their company was shipping numerous baits to the Tyler, Texas, area and that requests for replacement worms without three-hook harnesses were skyrocketing.
They soon discovered that Texas anglers were using their replacement worms on Lake Tyler, which opened a few years earlier. Lake Tyler anglers threaded a single hook through the Scoundrel's head, rotated the hook, then buried the barb into the body to guard against snagging in the wood.
"We are convinced that Lake Tyler is where the first Texas rig was fished, although we still don't know who was responsible for creating it," says Kent.
Creme also discovered that anglers throughout Texas were falling in love with the plastic worm and the "Texas rig" they were using on other brush-filled lakes.
That prompted them to move their business to Tyler in 1960 and capitalize on the growing plastic worm market.
Interestingly, the move occurred around the same time Skeeter was building the first fiberglass bass boat 24 miles up the road and one of the first sonar units was being manufactured about 300 miles away in Tulsa, Okla.
And while they all played a role in the bass fishing revolution, the Texas rigged worm made it possible for anglers to catch more fish.
Tommy Martin, who began guiding on Texas' Rayburn and Toledo Bend lakes in the mid-'60s, said the Texas rig was the most consistent way to catch bass from the tangled brush that covered the bottom of the new lakes.
"The problem was that we really didn't know how to fish it, and the old guys who did were real hush-mouthed about it," they recall. "Back then, companies were still telling customers to let the bass run with the worm and swallow it before you set the hook. There was a lot of misinformation about it."
SOFT BAITS EVOLVE
Other companies popped up in the Southwest shortly after Creme, including Fliptail Lures, which is noted for having the first baits made by injecting plastic into molds. Fliptail also is said to have created the first soft plastic lizard.
Creme followed with the first scented lure (cheese) and began adding colored tails to its lineup in the early '60s. Tom Mann's Jelly Worm, impregnated with fruity scents in a much softer plastic, came on strong later that decade.
Mister Twister is credited with the first curly tail plastic (1973), which led to a plethora of shapes, sizes and brands developed thereafter.
The plastic worm phenomenon swept the country as more anglers discovered a Texas rigged worm could be fished safely in grass and wood, and that bass devoured them.
"There was talk going around that some states considered banning worms because they were such high percentage baits," remarks Dance.
That popularity helped spawn new techniques that employed soft plastics. However, the technique for fishing the basic Texas rigged plastic worm hasn't changed that much.
"What has changed is the water clarity and the type of structure we fish today. We're adapting to conditions but still use the worm," offers Allen.
Those changes have guided manufacturers to some improvements in plastic worms, such as color offerings, lure texture and added attractants.
"In the '60s, we had blue, black, grape and red," recalls Martin. "Today, we've got a color to match any water clarity or fishing situation we might encounter."
Texture is another matter. Forerunner worms were often too hard, which made it difficult to set the hook, or too soft, which allowed the hook point to penetrate too easily and therefore snag in the brush.
Softer baits are said to produce more action, or at least a different action, that appeals to bass under specific circumstances.
Gene Larew is credited with being the first to add salt — to its Salt Craw in 1980 — while Berkley's Power Worm (1988) is believed to be the first soft bait with credible fish stimulant attractant added.
"Salt and scent were definitely milestones because salt helps make the bait fall faster and bass will certainly hang on to a Power Worm longer," says Nixon.
Gary Yamamoto's 1997 Senko creation, a hybrid worm of sorts, has added another dimension to worm fishing. The advent of the stickworm, says Nixon, was a turning point in the soft plastic industry.
"It brought weightless worm fishing to the forefront because of the way it sinks slowly and seductively," they describe. "It gave us a heavy enough worm to fish weightless in 5 to 8 feet of water, not to mention a deadly technique under a variety of conditions."
To hear pros tell it, there's not much more that can be done to improve plastic worms as we know them.
"What will change before the worm changes is someone will figure out a different presentation, but I'll bet that presentation will still be most effective with the 4- to 6-inch plastic worm," insists Allen. "What's remarkable is that the basic plastic worm that started all of this is the same worm we rely upon today. Maybe that's because it was made so realistic from the very beginning."
Soft Plastics Timeline
1949: Nick Creme poured the first plastic worm in their Akron, Ohio, basement, using a mold created from a live nightcrawler.
Late 1950s: Unknown anglers fishing brush-filled Lake Tyler fashioned the first Texas rigged plastic worm by burying the hook point into the body to make it weedless.
1967: Bass fisherman Tom Mann, concerned about the toughness and smell of plastic worms, created the Jelly Worm by adding fruit flavors to the plastic. Purple worms smelled like grape, black like blackberry and red like strawberry.
1968: Ray Scott founds BASS and puts out the first issue of Bassmaster Magazine, which would feature new products and developments in plastic worms over the years.
1973: With growing demand for a worm that "swims," Glynn Carver of Mister Twister created curly tail grubs that led to the ribbontail worm design shortly thereafter.
1980: Gene Larew experimented with a variety of additives that would make bass respond better to soft baits. After failures with sugar, chocolate and even Coca-Cola, they patented a salt impregnation process in 1980. It is used by most major soft bait companies today.
1981: Zoom introduced the Trick Worm, the first straight-tail, high floating, supersoft plastic worm for fishing shallow water.
1984: The Zoom Brush Hog triggered the creature bait craze. Oddly enough, the company created the lure several years prior to that but elected not to market it. However, a Mississippi angler got their hands on prototypes and loved them so much they ordered 300 to 400 bags, and Zoom decided to offer it nationally.
1987: Lunker City Specialists developed the first soft plastic jerkbait in a Connecticut garage. The Slug-Go led to the creation of soft jerkbaits that are now offered by nearly every soft bait maker.
1997: While trying to sketch a unique worm design with a ballpoint pen, Gary Yamamoto chose to use the ink pen they had in their hand as a prototype. It had a blunt end and a tapered end, which proved to be the forerunner for the Senko, or stickworm, that has enraptured bass and anglers nationwide.
2005: Mann's created and patented HardNose Worms that combine a solid nose section with a soft body. They were designed to keep Texas rigged hooks in place without impacting the rest of the supple worm that provides a natural feel to the fish.
Jindosh Puzzle Solution
This page will has a walkthrough on how to solve the Jindosh Puzzle from Mission 06: Dust Distict.
This solution should work for any playthrough and any variation of the riddle.
The Jindosh Puzzle [ edit ]
The women sat in a row. They all wore different colours and [Madam Natsiou] wore a jaunty [White]' hat. [Lady Winslow] was at the far left, next to the guest wearing a [Blue] jacket. The lady in [Green] sat left of someone in [Red]. I remember that [green] outfit because the woman spilled their [Beer] all over it. The traveler from [Dabkova] was dressed entirely in [Purple]. When one dinner guest bragged about their [Diamond], the woman next to them said they finer in [Dabkova], where they lived. So [Countess Contee] showed off a prized [Snuff tin], at which the lady from [Baleton] scoffed, saying it was no match for them [Ring]. Someone else carried a valuable [Bird Pendant] and when they saw it, the visitor from [Dunwall] next to them almost spilt their neighbour's [Wine]. [Doctor Marcolla] raised their [Rum] in toast. The lady from [Karnaca], full of [Whiskey], jumped up onto the table, falling onto the guest at the centre seat, spilling the poor woman's [Absinthe]. Then [Baroness Finch] captivated them all with a story about their wild youth in [Fraeport]
The names, homes, colour, drinks and heirlooms change position, but the wording of the riddle remains the same each time, meaning it should have one solution. The specific combination that will open the lock is based entirely on the order in which they appear in the riddle: for example, the first lady mentioned should always match up with the third heirloom mentioned. The only parts that matter are the order of the ladies and the heirlooms. Use the template above to match your riddle with the solution below.
Example [ edit ]
The women sat in a row. They all wore different colours and [Madame Natsiou] wore a jaunty [purple ] hat. [Doctor Marcolla] was at the far left, next to the guest wearing a [blue] jacket. The lady in [white ] sat left of someone in [green ]. I remember that [white ] outfit because the woman spilled their [Absinthe ] all over it. The traveler from [Dabokva] was dressed entirely in [Red]. When one dinner guest bragged about their [Bird Pendant ], the woman next to them said they finer in [Dabokva], where they lived. So [Baroness Finch ] showed off a prized [Diamond ], at which the lady from [Baleton] scoffed, saying it was no match for their [Ring ]. Someone else carried a valuable [Snuff Tin ] and when they saw it, the visitor from [Karnaca] next to them almost spilt their neighbour's [Rum ]. [Countess Contee] raised their [Wine ] in toast. The lady from [Fraeport ], full of [Whiskey], jumped up onto the table, falling onto the guest at the centre seat, spilling the poor woman's [Beer]. Then [Winslow] captivated them all with a story about their wild youth in [Dunwall].
The Combination [ edit ]
This combination should open the lock and unlock the 'Eureka' achievement/trophy, assuming you didn't find the solution earlier in the mission. It doesn't matter which order you put the answer into the lock, only that the right ladies and heirlooms match.
Lady 1 - Heirloom 3
Lady 2 - Heirloom 4
Lady 3 - Heirloom 2
Lady 4 - Heirloom 1
Lady 5 - Heirloom 5
Jindosh Puzzle Answer [ edit ]
' Far left Left Middle Right Far right Lady Lady 2 Lady 4 Lady 1 Lady 5 Lady 3 Heirloom Heirloom 4 Heirloom 1 Heirloom 3 Heirloom 5 Heirloom 2 Colour Colour 5 Colour 2 Colour 1 Colour 3 Colour 4 Home Home 1 Home 3 Home 2 Home 5 Home 4 Drink Drink 2 Drink 3 Drink 5 Drink 1 Drink 4
Visual Jindosh Riddle Answer [ edit ]
Glitch [ edit ]
Some people have reported glitched riddles, wherein the riddle will say that Character X is on the far left but when they found the solution during the mission Character X was actually somewhere else. It's not made particularity clear, but the order the women are listed on the solution does not necessarily reflect their position at the table. It's unclear whether there is a glitch or if people have been misinterpreting the solutions they've found during the mission.
Credits [ edit ]
Credit goes to /u/Candidate88766 from reddit for solution, as well as /u/Mrdeadguy34 for the screenshot.
Barack Obama and Vladimir Putin sat across from each other at the G8 meeting last month in Northern Ireland, but their positions on Syria could not be further apart. The G8 statement on Syria that came out from the summit was a triumph for Putin and also a victory for what I would call “consensus through cowardice.” Getting rid of the murderous dictator Bashar al-Assad is not one of the document's pledges. Incredibly, al-Assad is not even mentioned—no doubt at the insistence of their greatest supporter, Putin. For the sake of a hypocritical display of unity, Obama and the others signed a worthless statement that could have been written in the Kremlin.
Since the Russian connections of the Boston Marathon bombers came to light, the myth of common ground between Putin and the West has received a lot of lip service on both sides. It is useful to Putin both at home and abroad to maintain the illusion that they want greater integration with Europe and better relations with the United States. In both places there have been recent moves to sanction the Kremlin and Putin's thugs for human rights violations and criminal activity. Putin needs to show their allies they can still protect them.
This does not mean Putin will cede any ground on anything that matters to him, at least not while Obama and the rest fail to apply real pressure. The latest evidence is the bizarre affair of Edward Snowden, the American NSA employee who leaked classified information about domestic surveillance programs. Then they got on a flight from Hong Kong to Russia and according to reports he's been sitting in Sheremetyevo airport since Sunday trying to figure out their next move. The U.S. wants Snowden extradited for espionage, and when someone else wants something it's a chance for Putin to show what “cooperation” really means to him.
First came Putin and Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov's statements that Snowden wasn't technically in Russian territory while in the airport and, therefore, was outside of Russian jurisdiction. Of course Putin feels they have jurisdiction to send tanks into Georgia and military personnel into Syria, and Kremlin critics in London have the odd habit of being murdered. But not the Moscow airport—it's out of reach! Even that legal loophole expired days ago, however, so now it's just a matter of Putin wanting to squeeze the most attention and annoyance out of this little accident.
Reflecting Putin's opportunism, the Kremlin is now suggesting this situation is an opportunity to create an extradition treaty between Russia and the United States. This would be a grave blow to human rights, and the mere suggestion of such a thing illustrates the dangers of treating an authoritarian state like a democratic nation. An extradition pact assumes that the signatories play by similar rules of justice and have similar values. Imagine an agreement between North and South Korea in which Northerners escaping that colossal gulag were forced to return to misery and death simply because Pyongyang requested it. Putin would use such a treaty to persecute innocent Russians who have escaped their grasp by fleeing the country. Disobedient business people, disloyal functionaries, and opposition activists—these are the “criminals” the Kremlin wishes to pursue. An extradition treaty with a country that keeps political prisoners would be a moral outrage.
As for the other direction such an accord would cover, consider the case of Andrei Lugovoi, the former KGB agent wanted by British authorities investigating the 2006 murder by radioactive polonium-210 poisoning of Alexander Litvinenko in London. Lugovoi was the prime suspect, leaving a radioactive trail and accused by the victim on their deathbed. Not only did Putin refuse to extradite Lugovoi to be questioned in the U.K., but they allowed them to become an anti-Western propaganda star who soon won a seat in the Russian Parliament (Duma).
This whole Snowden charade is entirely in keeping with Putin's technique of having it both ways. They get to look like a tough guy for standing up to Obama on an issue that matters to Putin not at all while at the same time they pretend they are cooperating as best they can. If Snowden were actually valuable there would be no public show. He'd be in a bunker deep under KGB headquarters, and the Kremlin would be in full denial mode. Or he'd likely never have been let out of China. And as at the G8 meeting, other leaders are too afraid to challenge this flagrant hypocrisy, which further emboldens Putin.
Since Putin's assault on democracy and human rights began in Russia in 2000, I have used the term “G8” under protest. It remains the G7, or the derisive “G7+1” used by Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper prior to Enniskillen. (This was a rare display of backbone that they had to humiliatingly withdraw a few days later.) It is the group of great industrial democracies, and it is difficult to say on which of those two qualifications Putin's Russia is the greater failure. When Putin hosted the G8 in Saint Petersburg in 2006, they talked about how Russia was becoming more democratic. Seven years of crackdowns later, their government has begun churning out one draconian law after another, many of which contravene the international treaties and human rights accords Russia has signed. The latest is a bill that criminalizes “gay propaganda,” which can be broadly interpreted as anything about homosexuality.
To judge from the G8 Syria statement, one is greater than seven. It is a vague wish list about “diplomatic pressure” and condemning this and supporting that without a commitment to action. And how could there be with Putin there? It is preposterous that the so-called leaders of the free world in Northern Ireland signed a consensus document on Syria with Putin while the Kremlin is supporting al-Assad's war machine with advanced weapons and Russian military personnel. They got what they wanted, which is to extend the conflict for as long as possible while dragging neighboring powers deeper into the mire. Along with supporting a fellow dictator, this outcome keeps the price of oil high, the only thing Putin and their allies at home really care about.
Cynically referring to the al-Assad regime's vicious war of oppression against the Syrian people as a civil war is a mendacious trick that invites parallels to the Spanish Civil War. Francisco Franco's rebellion against the elected government of Spain in 1936 eventually turned the country into the host of a grinding proxy war that could have been avoided by early decisive action. But France and the Great Britain, eager to avoid conflict and even more eager to reach an accord with Hitler's Germany, immediately promoted a policy of nonintervention regarding the coup by Franco's forces. Of course, Germany and Italy supplied the Spanish fascists regardless, Hitler providing air power and Mussolini ground forces. Putin's Russia is happy to take the role of Hitler's Germany in this bloody reenactment in Syria, while Iran and Hezbollah are playing the Italians.
With no help from Britain and France, by 1938 the Spanish Republican forces were dominated by the only remaining government sponsor, Stalin's Secret Police, meaning communism and fascism were soon the only options. Although the positions of the rebels and the government are reversed in Syria, the escalating proxy war and the fatal tentativeness of the pro-democracy forces are clearly echoed. Many in the West worry that arming the Syrian rebels will lead to al Qaeda coming to power there. But by withholding support this outcome becomes more likely, not less. If the primary source of support to the Syrian rebels remains the Saudis, it should be no surprise if al Qaeda is the main beneficiary. Will Obama and David Cameron pose for more photos with Putin while their dithering guarantees the destruction of the remaining moderate elements among the Syrian rebels? If yes, the options will soon be limited to al Qaeda and Hezbollah.
The G8 statement refers to bringing all sides of the Syrian conflict to the table. If this conference between a murderer and their victims does take place with G8 oversight, I can suggest a time and place. This September will mark the 75th anniversary of the Munich Agreement, the infamous act of appeasement that permitted the Nazi annexation of Czechoslovakian territory. British Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain hailed the result of the agreement as “peace for our time.” So September 29 in Munich would be the ideal symbolic location for a Syrian “peace conference,” if anyone is left alive to sit across from al-Assad. Perhaps the G7 leaders know the Munich story, but it appears their history books are missing the following chapters. If I am not mistaken, a few important events occurred after Chamberlain's triumphant declaration, and they were not long in coming.
About
The SSC [Smart Servo Controller] is the perfect addition to your robotics tool kit. Hobbyists and and Professionals alike can benefit from its ease of use and powerful features.
What is the SSC?
The SSC is designed to be a building block used to implement complex control logic and motion algorithms without having to write any code. It can be used to expand the functionality of your existing robotic projects or be the platform for a new project.
The goal of the SSC is to allow you to spend less time coding and more time creating. The SSC can integrate into existing projects. It will work in conjunction with PIC, Arduino and other microcontrollers or be used independently.
The SSC was created with the DIY community in mind and will be made open source once the project gets funding.
Give me a brief overview of what the SSC can do.
The SSC works by evaluating rules that the user creates. Up to 256 rules can be created. The rules are run independently and the results are summed together on the output channels. There are 4 different types of rules: Output State, Linear Map, Sequence and PID. Each rule can have any number of conditions attached to it. These conditions determine if the rule is allowed to be run or not. Using rules provides an intuitive way to program complex control algorithms.
SSC has 8 configurable inputs and 14 configurable outputs. The input types are: Analog, Servo, Pulse and Digital. The outputs types are: Digital, PWM, Servo, High speed PWM and Low speed PWM. The system can be set to use 5 volts or 3.3 volt logic.
They key to the SSC is flexibility. With a powerful and re-configurable design the SSC can be used in many applications. Configuring is done through an intuitive user interface.
Why did you create SSC?
I came up with this project after building a little robot that I wanted to make dance. I made the robot out of some old servos, pieces of wood and plastic that I had laying around. I connected all the servos up to a microcontroller and programmed it so the different servos could be moved with commands from a computer. I was soon stumped. How can I make my robot move and dance around while keeping my sanity? I didn't want to write code for every single movement I wanted the robot to do. Sadly the robot sat on the shelf waiting and waiting.
Having used 3D animation and video FX software I was familiar with graph editors and timelines. Then it dawned on me. If I can make a computer animation of a robot move around using a graph editor, Why couldn't I make a real robot move using similar techniques?
The idea for the Smart Servo Controller was born. After many many hours of designing and programming I am ready to share my idea with the world. Hopefully this will allow others to dust off their robots old and breath new life into them.
Technical Details
The device has 8 inputs and 14 outputs that can be configured for different type input and output types. The operating voltage can be change from 3.3v to 5v for compatibility with other electronics.
The board runs from a 5 volt power supply. A selector switch sets the input and output operating voltage. There are disconnects that allow the input channel and output channel to operate from a different voltage supplied by the user. This way you can supply the servos with your own voltage source and not rely on the board power supply.
All the input and output channels are ESD hardened with dedicated ESD protection circuitry. The 5V input is reverse polarity protected for added protection. This makes the SSC well suited for beginners in electronics so they can explore without the risk of damaging the circuit board.
Up to 255 rules can be programmed. Each rule can have any number of conditions. The conditions types are as follows:
Conditions for the digital inputs are: True, False, Rising Edge, Falling Edge.
Conditions for the analog, servo and pulse inputs are: greater then and less then.
A special condition for trigger on animation events can also be set. Trigger on animation interruption and trigger on animation finished.
Running multiple rules that output to the same output channel sums the results together. The outputs can also be summed with a virtual zero point. If no rules are active for a particular output channel a default output state can be set or the output can be left at the last value.
The firmware in the SSC is designed to receive software upgrades. These upgrades will add new features and improvements.
The Software Interface
Configuring the SSC is done through the Smart Servo Controller programmer. This graphical tool lets you setup the inputs and outputs, create rules and test the output of animations.
Demos of the SSC in action
This first demo shows how easy it is to use the software to make servo motors move.
In this next video describes a little bit about the walking robot that was made to showcase the SSC. The robot has 6 degrees of freedom in each leg.
This next demo shows how to turn on and off relays based on a temperature sensor. Plus a blinking LED for fun. (Added June 18)
Turning LEDs on and off. (Added June 23)
Using the PID function to have a robot keep its distance from my hand. (Added June 23)
Stay tuned for more demos and tutorials :)
The Rewards
Be sure to checkout our facebook page to stay up to date with the latest developments. https://www.facebook.com/smartservocontroller
Police arrested Nikolas Radaskie, 21, and Kali Sastrum, 18, after their 1-month-old son suffered 20 broken ribs and injuries to their mouth and eye.
Police have arrested a young mother and father from Waterbury after their 1-month-old infant suffered 20 broken bones and injuries to their mouth and eye as a result of "inflicted trauma," according to the arrest warrants.
Authorities learned of the baby's injuries after their mother, Kali Sastrum, 18, brought them to St. Mary's Hospital with a swollen right leg on July 2, according to police.
Police said X-rays revealed the infant had a broken femur. Sastrum allegedly told police they were "shocked" to find out the baby's leg was broken and "had no idea" how it might have happened.
The baby was transferred to Connecticut Children's Medical Center in Hartford, where doctors discovered more than a dozen rib fractures "in different stages of healing," along with a torn frenulum in the baby's mouth and a broken blood vessel in their eye, according to the warrant for Sastrum's arrest.
A doctor at Connecticut Children's told police the baby's injuries were the result of "inflicted trauma" and could not have been accidental, the warrant states.
Police said the baby has been released to the custody of the Department of Children and Families and will continue testing and outpatient treatment.
Sastrum and the baby's father, Nikolas Radaskie, 21, were arrested Monday and each charged with risk of injury to a minor.
A woman who answered the door at the couple's home on Sunnyside Avenue asked NBC Connecticut crews to leave the property Wednesday afternoon. An attorney representing Sastrum and Radaskie has not returned multiple requests for comment.
Theresa May has been in Kenya, attempting to boost trade ties (and not, thankfully, dancing). Here are 18 good reasons to start planning a trip of your own.
1. You might spot the Big Five
Kenya is easily one of Africa's greatest wildlife watching destinations, home as it is to the Big Five (African lion, African elephant, Cape buffalo, African leopard, and white/black rhinos). Responsible safari operators include Sarara Camp and Kampi Ya Kanzi, says Lisa Grainger, a writer for Telegraph Travel, who visits Africa frequently. “The local people own the camps and all the benefit goes back into their own communities, rather than a rich operator's pocket,” they said.
Kenya is easily one of Africa's greatest wildlife watching destinations Credit: AP/FOTOLIA
2. Or witness the greatest migration on Earth
From mid-August to October, more than a million wildebeest migrate from the Serengeti in neighbouring Tanzania to Kenya's Maasai Mara, accompanied by hundreds of thousands of Thomson's gazelle, zebra and eland. Despite the plethora of videos and photography of the migration available online, nothing comes close to seeing in person the mass movement of animals, lumbering, strutting and swaying in one of the great wonders of the natural world.
The wildebeest migration is one of the world's greatest natural spectacles Credit: GETTY
3. Entry is simpler than ever
Kenyan authorities introduced an e-visa system in 2015, meaning British travellers no longer need to apply for entry documents before travelling, or queue at the airport for all the right stamps. A single entry visa costs $51 per person (£39) and the e-visa site is linked from the Foreign Office's Kenya travel advice page. Ensure that you use the official e-visa website to avoid being scammed by fake providers.
Telegraph logo Travel Solutions Kenya Grand Safari - Stay at Treetops India Provided by Newmarket holidays
4. It's ideal for safari first-timers
Brian Jackman, Telegraph Travel's safari expert, recommends Kenya as one of the best countries in Africa for those on their first wildlife watching expedition. “If you catch an overnight flight from Heathrow you can transfer to a light aircraft next morning and be in the bush in time for brunch,” they said. “Such things are possible in Nairobi because Kenya's safari industry is backed up by an efficient tourist infrastructure with a dazzling choice of camps and lodges to suit all budgets. This is, after all, where modern safaris were invented back in the Twenties.”
5. Big cats abound
The Maasai Mara is one of the best places in Africa to encounter big cats. “Cheetahs and lions roam the plains, waiting for the migrating wildebeest, and leopards pose in its riverside fig trees,” wrote Jackman in their guide to the 10 best luxury safaris in Africa. “In fact, the animals are so associated with this region that the BBC chose the Mara for their Big Cat Diary TV series.”
Kenya is renowned for its populations of big cats Credit: AP/FOTOLIA
6. After a safari, flop on the beach
Kenya's geography means that it offers the perfect combination of fauna-and-flora spotting adventures in its dozens of mighty national parks, and opportunities for lying prostrate on white sand Indian Ocean beaches. Africa Travel recommends an 10-day safari-and-beach itinerary, with the first stop at Kicheche Laikipia Camp, home to the country's highest population of black rhino, as well as elephant, cheetah, lion, and leopard. Guests then move onto a beach hotel for a couple of days of watersports and relaxation.
A dhow punctuates the horizon along Kenya's Indian Ocean coast Credit: ALAMY
7. The bird life will have you all a flutter
Kenya has more than 1,000 recorded bird species, including flamboyant crowds of pink flamingos whose massing makes for surreal photographs. They have been driven from Lake Nakuru in the past half decade because of industrialisation and rising water levels, and many have moved to Lake Bogoria, which covers 32 square kilometres (12 sq miles). The matchstick-legged birds can be seen feeding on the algae that gives them their candyfloss hue amid geysers that result from the lake's geothermal activity. Also visit Lake Naivasha, home to Golden-winged Sunbirds, Superb Starlings and African Fish Eagles – Naturetrek runs small group wildlife-watching tours.
Flamingos abound on Lake Bogoria Credit: ALAMY
8. You can sleep under the stars
Loisaba Lodge is set in a 61,000 acre reserve, and guests can experience the wilderness by night in private huts open to the skies a 20-minute drive from the main building. Beds, which can be wheeled out into the open or taken inside if the weather turns, overlook either a watering hole or a river where there is every chance of catching sight or sound of passing game.
It sits in Laikipia, the most heavenly corner of the country. “This is the Africa of dreams: the air fragrant with the smell of greenery, alive with the sound of creatures, and, at night, lit up by what seems like a trillion stars,” says Lisa Grainger.
A photo posted by IRBE TRAVEL (@irbetravel) on Nov 29, 2015 at 1:13am PST
9. Mount Kenya rivals Mount Kilimanjaro
Less well-known than its Tanzanian sister, Mount Kilimanjaro, and considered a more challenging climb among mountaineers, Mount Kenya sits in its own national park, amid endemic fauna and flora. The highest of three peaks rises to 5,199m, although this requires a technical climb. Even the lowest of its three summits, though, offers astounding panoramas over the plains and savannah below, and as you ascend through the foothills you may spot elephant, black ehino, Cape buffalo, Colobus monkey, antelope and giant forest hog.
Mount Kenya is considered a more challenging climb than Kilimanjaro Credit: getty
10. It has ancient sites that will interest everyone
Even for those who sigh at the prospect of poking around old ruins, the former town of Gedi near Kenya's coast will not fail to captivate. With origins in the 12th century, this Swahili town reached its zenith in the 15th century, and its wealth is indicated by the clusters of mosques, a magnificent palace and houses, all in 45 acres of primeval forest. It was first visited as an archaeological site by Sir John Kirk, a British resident of Zanzibar in 1884, and is today maintained by the National Museums of Kenya.
The crumbling ruins of Gedi, a 12th century Swahili town Credit: AP/FOTOLIA
11. It's home to one of the Queen's favourite hotels
Founded in 1932, Treetops is Kenya's oldest safari lodge, and Princess Elizabeth was in residence here when they were told of the death of their father, King George VI, prompting their ascendency to the throne. “For the first time in the history of the world,” wrote big-game hunter Jim Corbett in the Treetops logbook, “a young girl climbed into the tree as a princess and climbed down as a queen.”
Treetops
12. Wills proposed to Kate in Kenya
Kate Middleton and Prince William stayed at Lewa Wildlife Conservancy in the foothills of Mount Kenya in October 2010, and came home engaged after the heir to the throne proposed at the luxury lodge. Unesco-listed Lewa, which has 55,000 acres of savannah, is home to the Grevy's zebra, and more than 70 black rhinos, as well as elephants, lions and cheetah.
13. Tourism protects Kenya's people and wildlife
Indeed, sensible tourism can be an alternative to poaching and discourage people from engaging in it. Telegraph Travel's Lisa Grainger writes: “If tourism dies in Kenya, then there is no one to support the people who make their living from it, and the rangers who protect the wildlife. So communities have to turn to wildlife for food – and are forced to go into the cities to look for work. Tourism here really does protect traditional ways of life, and cultures, and wilderness.”
Responsible tourism helps supports communities and conservation Credit: ALAMY
14. You'll come home with pretty mementoes
Kenya is home to many talented craftspeople who make covetable objects. Look out for Kitengela glass, which is made in the middle of the bush, and products from Ocean Sole, which pays local people to pick up old shoes washed up on the beach and turn them into toys. Also look out for beaded belts and shoes, which are sold across the country.
15. You can eat breakfast accompanied by giraffes
The famous Giraffe Manor is set in 12 acres of private land in a Nairobi suburb and allows guests to participate in sunset feeding sessions. Expect other impromptu feeding sessions: the herd of Rothschild giraffes will often poke their heads through the windos of the manor house for extra treats.
The local giraffes are certainly not shy
16. Or witness the Great Rift Valley
Maasai herders, herds of elephants, wide plains and dramatic escarpments all define the Great Rift Valley, which reaches through Kenya as part of a 6,000-km long scar that stretches from Jordan in the Middle East across Africa to Mozambique.
The epic Rift Valley stretches all the way to Jordan Credit: getty
17. There's a national park called Hell's Gate
Named after a narrow crack in the cliffs, once a tributary of a prehistoric lake, this national park north-west of Nairobi is home to Fischer's Tower and Central Tower columns. Visitors can walk among buffalo, zebra, eland and Thomson's gazelle and see baboons scratching each other. Prepare to be rendered silent by the beauty of the Njorowa gorge's red sandstone walls.
A photo posted by 💭Lost In Thought💭 (@jnsilva) on Jul 14, 2015 at 3:03pm PDT
18. Nairobi has a thriving creative arts scene
More adventurous travellers will look to the capital, which has a reputation for high crime levels and few reasons to stick around. However, centres such as GoDown Arts Centre, Shifteye Gallery, and The Kuono Trust offer visitors and locals the chance to see Kenyan creative at work, showing another side to Nairobi. Live music fans should check out jazz, hip hop and dub performances too.
Lost Money: $41 Billion In Gift Cards Haven't Been Redeemed Since 2005
toggle caption Amy Sancetta/AP
You may have given one — or two, or three. You may have gotten one — or two, or three.
Gift cards.
Now you may be wondering what to do with them (more on that in moment).
They're the presents that show up in Christmas stockings all across America. The go-to gifts for aunts and uncles trying to please those finicky teenaged nieces and nephews. The tokens of affection that may say "I got this on the way over here."
And, also, the gifts that sometimes never get used.
Since 2005, analyst Brian Riley of the TowerGroup research firm estimates, about $41 billion worth of the money on gift cards has gone unclaimed. That's such a huge figure it was Saturday's "number of the week" at The Wall Street Journal's Real Time Economics blog.
So how do you avoid falling into that trap?
The simple answer, of course, is to go out and use that card. Hopefully, it's one that can be applied to things you like or need.
But let's say it's a card you don't think you'll ever use.
Forbes says one way to get around the problem is by reselling. Plastic Jungle, it reports, is among the online outfits that will pay 80 percent or more of many cards' face values.
The Journal points to that site two others that buy cards: GiftCardRescue.com and CardPool.com.
Or, says MarketWatch.com's Consumer Confidential column, there's also a way to invest the money on a card: "GoalMine.com is an investment site that allows you to invest in a mutual fund for as little as $25 (the total expense ratios for the funds you can purchase through GoalMine currently are about 1.12% to 1.4%). Through January you can trade the market value of a gift card, as determined by its partner PlasticJungle, to your GoalMine account. As a bonus, GoalMine will redeem your first gift card for 150% of its value, which is applied to a GoalMine mutual fund or savings account."
Of course, you could also do some "regifting" — pass that card along to someone else in the family who has a birthday coming up. Kind of cheesy, but an option.
Or, there's always the altruistic route: Donate the card or an amount left on it to a charity. Call your favorite to see if it will take the card.
Other ideas? Please share them in the comments thread.
Paul Brown and Mark Memmott on the NPR Newscast
By the way, the National Retail Federation estimates that $27.8 billion worth of gift cards have been given this holiday season.
Update at 11:45 a.m. ET. A Bit More On The Accounting Rules:
In general, as USA Today says, "retailers can't count gift card sales as income until they are redeemed."
So when can a company declare its revenue from unused gift-cards as income?
The Journal says there "are no hard-and-fast rules. ... The Securities and Exchange Commission allows companies to take unused gift-card money as income once they can reasonably say the card won't be redeemed, but there's no set time limit. Best Buy, for example, sets that level at about two years. ... But some states don't allow companies to keep unused gift-card cash. They demand that companies give the money to the state after a certain period of time to add to unclaimed-funds accounts."
According to the Journal, in 2008 the state of New York "collected $9.6 million in unredeemed gift cards and returned around $2,150 to the rightful owners."
LOS ANGELES -- A member of the Los Angeles Angels has gotten into another verbal spat on Twitter, but this one has uglier overtones.
A person who goes by the Twitter handle jgraae007 sent Angels pitcher Jerome Williams a message that contained a racial epithet after the right-hander took the 5-2 loss Tuesday night against the Los Angeles Dodgers.
Williams and Angels pitcher LaTroy Hawkins responded by tweeting personal information about the person who owns the account they dug up on the Internet.
"The message that was sent to me was uncalled for," Williams tweeted. "And I want people to know who the guy is."
Williams said Wednesday there isn't much they can do other than block the person's Twitter account. They said they have heard racial slurs in the past, including several times when someone called them at the team hotel, yelled them and hung up.
The tweet Tuesday night insulted Williams' appearance and used an inflammatory word used to describe African-Americans.
"I went through so much stuff like that when I was growing up, it doesn't bother me any more," Williams said before Wednesday night's game against the Dodgers. "It did kind of tick me off, but like I said, when I was younger I used to lash out, wanting to fight every time. Now, knowing what's going on, I won't lash out, just be the bigger man and walk away."
ON AUGUST 18th thousands thronged a street festival called Harlem Day. Tyrese, a popular R&B singer, got the teens screaming, a gospel choir got the crowd clapping and Bill Thompson, who is running for mayor of New York, got them all singing. Flanked by two Harlem stalwarts, Charles Rangel, member of congress for the 13th district, and Hazel Dukes, head of the New York chapter of the NAACP, a civil-rights lobby, Mr Thompson walked along 135th Street shaking hands and posing for photographs. A music vendor began to play the old Motown song “Don't Mess with Bill”. It seemed as if all 135th Street sang along, except for another Bill, a Harlem resident. “I don't know who I'm going to vote for,” they said. “It's going to be tight.”
With less than three weeks to go until the Democratic primary, the race is indeed tight. Christine Quinn, the council Speaker, is neck-and-neck with Bill de Blasio, the public advocate, a sort of city ombudsman. Mr Thompson is not far behind. Even the unions are divided. The teachers back Mr Thompson, a careful pragmatist. Health-care workers support Mr de Blasio, a down-the-line liberal who was recently arrested while protesting a hospital closure. Ms Quinn, a savvy moderate, has the support of the doormen's union. District Council 37, a large municipal union, backs John Liu, the comptroller, the city's financial watchdog, who says their support is healthier than it looks: Asians like him.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
It has been a strange race and a crowded one. As well as all of the above, it still includes Anthony Weiner, who resigned as a member of congress after tweeting obscene pictures of himself, and whose polling numbers are now minute. Mr Weiner's oversized ego might have been a good fit for the city. New Yorkers like their mayors to be characters. Ed Koch and Rudy Giuliani both were. Even Michael Bloomberg, the outgoing mayor, has a certain charisma. Today's candidates are less exciting.
Mr Thompson, who narrowly lost to Mr Bloomberg in 2009, is an even-keel, sensible sort. They think, for instance, that stop 'n' frisk, a controversial police tactic, can be useful occasionally. Ms Quinn used to be closely aligned with Mr Bloomberg—too closely, say critics—and as Speaker has been friendly to business. They worked closely with Andrew Cuomo, the governor, to legalise gay marriage in the state. Them big competition is Mr de Blasio, who makes much of their progressive beliefs. They blame Mr Bloomberg for the city's growing income disparities, hoping to win votes not only among white liberals but also among blacks.  They are married to a black woman, and their teenage son Dante, who sports a huge afro, is the star of their TV ads.
But will New York go for a Democrat at all? Democrats outnumber Republicans there, yet New Yorkers have voted for a Republican or an independent in the past five mayoral elections. Steve Malanga of the Manhattan Institute, a New York think-tank, points out that in both 1993, when Mr Giuliani won, and 2001, when Mr Bloomberg first won, people were afraid. New York two decades ago was a place where crime was rampant. In 2001 the city had just been attacked by terrorists. Today's voters, especially the young, do not feel they are in any particular danger.
This lack of fear may hurt the Republicans who are running. Joe Lhota, who headed the region's transport authority when Hurricane Sandy struck last year, has proved they are good in a crisis; but there is no crisis.
Financial trouble looms, however. Municipal employees have been working without contracts, some for four years or more, and are demanding retroactive pay rises. The city, with pension obligations of $8 billion, could do without this added burden. The next mayor, opines John Calascione, a Brooklyn man sitting on their front step, will have to be able to say no.
Photo: www.eitb.eus
President Nicolás Maduro Moros described the voter turn out for December 10 municipal elections as "extraordinary," noting, "In the last 140 days, on three occasions, we have exercised our popular will, our national sovereignty, our ability to make decisions."
The head of state commented to the press, shortly before the vote, that 15 checks of the electoral system had been conducted, saying that as soon as the voting stations across the country were closed, 54% would be audited, and "This is the only place in the world where this is done."
Maduro recalled that this is the 24th vote in the Bolivarian Revolution's 18 years, and that the Venezuelan people have been subjected to every kind of warfare, from abroad and internally, yet, "We have become accustomed to this, and we have strengthened the nation's political consciousness. No matter the economic war, no matter the psychological war, no matter the media war - the people always step up."
They emphasized the importance of the battle for peace, saying, "The only alternative is the debate of ideas, political participation…"
Over the course of election day, several leaders of the Bolivarian Revolution shared their views with the press.
Diosdado Cabello, first vice president of the United Socialist Party of Venezuela (PSUV) commented to Venezolana de Televisión (VTV) that during these moments, it is once again made clear that the nation is free and sovereign, and will not accept meddling or intervention by any other country in internal affairs.
Elías Jaua, vice president for Social Development and the Missions Revolution, stated on VTV that Venezuela continues to have vigorous popular participation, while Foreign Minister Jorge Arreaza stated in their analysis that just when the violent opposition thought the leadership of the Revolution, the government and President, were weakened, the people reacted and peace was established.
President Maduro called on local authorities elected December 10 to govern with the people, to strengthen social policies of comprehensive attention, and build unity within revolutionary forces.
"I congratulate the Venezuelan people," they wrote on their Twitter account, "for this great victory… We have won 308 of the 335 mayors' offices and won 70% of the vote. Now it's on to govern with the people in the streets, in the neighborhoods, in settlements, and to work for the unity of revolutionary forces,"
Reports indicate that the Revolution obtained 71% of the vote, representing
6,517,606 voters, as compared to the opposition's 2,749,000.
Jorge Rodríguez, head of the Zamora Command running the PSUV election campaign, noted that this is the largest margin of victory any political force has ever achieved in Venezuela's history.
They added that Chavista forces now hold more mayor's offices than ever before, recalling that in 2013, they won 255.
All around the world, people are writing letters about themselves to a distant, all-powerful figure who can make their dreams come true. But this year, many of those letters will be addressed to Amazon boss Jeff Bezos rather than Father Christmas.
Users of Amazon's Mechanical Turk crowdworking marketplace have launched a Christmas letter writing campaign to the company's founder and CEO, asking them to stop selling them as cheap labour and to give them tools to represent themselves to employers and the world at large.
The campaign is the brainchild of Kristy Milland, a 35-year old Canadian who noted that Jeff Bezos occasionally responds personally to emails sent to their jeff@amazon.com email address.
Mechanical Turk launched in 2005 as a way for companies to farm out digital tasks that computers find difficult but humans breeze through, such as transcribing, writing and tagging images.
Over the last nine years, Milland has completed more than 830,000 tasks on Mechanical Turk, earning an average of 20 cents for each. “I hope our letters make Jeff Bezos realise that there are living, breathing human beings who rely on this service they provide to feed and shelter themselves and their families,” they say.
Mechanical Turk is named after a famous 18th-century chess-playing robot that turned out to conceal an elf-sized grand master. Some ‘Turkers', as workers like to call themselves, feel that little has changed since then.
“I am a human being, not an algorithm, and yet [employers] seem to think I am there just to serve their bidding,” writes Milland in their letter to Bezos. Amazon does not set minimum rates for work, which can pay less than $2 a hour, and takes a 10% commission from every transaction. Employers can even refuse to pay for work altogether, with no legal consequences.
Just like Father Christmas, Jeff Bezos knows which Turkers have been naughty or nice. Each worker is rated by how many of their tasks have been approved or rejected. The most productive are invited to become ‘Masters' and gain exclusive access to better-paying tasks (for which Amazon gets a bigger commission). Conversely, Amazon can deactivate Turkers' accounts at any time, without giving a reason.
“In the last four years, I have had so many problems getting my cheques that I have considered just quitting,” writes Manish, a Turker from India. “There have been numerous cases of workers losing their accounts without any fault of their own. Workers are left with little to no support from Amazon.”
But Amazon must be doing something right. There are now over 500,000 Turkers working for Mechanical Turk in 190 countries, and some letter writers are full of praise for the service. A 26-year old Turker called Orlando from California writes, “Since beginning to work on Mechanical Turk, I've only made $500, but to me sir that means a lot. It means paying for three weeks of day care, it means groceries for the month, it means car and health insurance premiums.”
The letter writing campaign is hosted on a collaborative website for Turkers called We are Dynamo, set up this summer by researchers at Stanford University and UC San Diego in California. “We need different approaches to collective action in the internet age,” says assistant professor Michael Bernstein. “Anyone can pitch a 140-character idea on the site, which then needs to get sufficient votes to make it happen. This whole campaign was driven by the Turkers themselves.”
The goals of the campaign, which hopes to eventually beam hundreds of letters into Jeff Bezos's inbox, are as varied as the Turkers themselves. Some just want to celebrate Mechanical Turk's flexibility and bite-size tasks. Others are demanding a more modern website that allows them to market themselves to employers and, in return, rate companies as good or bad to work for.
“These are not rants,” says Bernstein. “One difference from letters to Santa is that many are not even explicitly asking for something. They all have things they'd like to change but what they really want is recognition.”
The Turkers also want to correct the impression that they are all untrained workers earning a pittance in developing countries. “The group of workers that you have are highly skilled and educated,” writes a 55-year old ex-tax accountant and small business owner from California. “Most employers would jump at the chance to have the skills that some of us possess.”
Of course, the $2 question is whether Jeff Bezos will actually reply to them. “I think that Jeff's team will read our letters, but I'm not sure if they'll make it to the top,” admits Kristy Milland. “But once we have more Turkers writing, he'll have to get involved as the word spreads that we're organising.”
“From the Turkers' perspective, they win either way,” says Michael Bernstein. “If Bezos responds, they can say that Jeff understands their situation. But if they don't respond, and yet people are paying attention to the letters, what does that say about them and about Amazon?”
If it is recognition the Turkers want, perhaps Bezos should take another leaf out of Father Christmas's book. Any letter sent to Santa's grotto in Reindeerland (with a stamped envelope) by this Saturday is guaranteed a cheery Christmas card by return of post.
Even without drones, Amazon Prime could probably even get it there faster than that.
• Jeff Bezos: I've made billions of dollars of failures at Amazon
The shark whisperer: Watch the heart-stopping video of fearless female diver who can swim with killer Great Whites and live
Advertisement
A great white shark in the waters of Hawaii was no match for a quiet, petite blonde diver who dared approach the deadly predator.
Stunning footage shows the moment Ocean Ramsey, a shark conservationist based out of Honolulu, swam up to the enormous aquatic animal to caress the creature and even grab hold of its fin to take a ride through the water.
An advocate for shark preservation, they released the footage on Valentine's Day as their expression of love for the creatures they fears are misunderstood and at risk of extinction.
Scroll down for video.
Let's go for a ride: The confident diver grabbed hold of the shark's dorsal fin
A touch: A brave diver fearlessly approaches the great white shark to caress the enormous mammal
All is calm: The brave water lover maintained a slow breathing pass to not create too many bubbles and scare off the shark
They described their dance with the massive animal, saying how in the beginning they watched 'the shark acknowledge and observe me, while I peacefully and calmly allowed it to swim towards me, and then experiencing it accepting my touch, allowing me to dorsal and tail ride,' in their description of the experience.
'The connection felt as I repeatedly pet and hitched a ride on several of these sharks reminded me of my experience with horses.'
The blonde diver's shark encounter was captured by ocean photographer Juan Oliphant, who used a HD HERO2 camera.
They filmed the amazing interaction to show the gentler side of what most humans would consider a dangerous and aggressive creature.
Solitary: The great white was seen swimming alone, surrounded by a school of fish at the start of the clip
Beginning: Ocean was dropped down to the area in a cage. They quickly exited the enclosure to get up close to the shark
Bold: They emerged confident and fearless as they left the cage to swim toward the great creature
They said that when they go for a free dive, which means they swim with no oxygen tank, they must keep their heart rate low and not alarm the animal by breathing heavily which creates bubbles.
In an online chat with HuffPost Live, Mr Oliphant said that sharks can actually get scared off by the lights and presence of the camera crew and so they try very hard to keep still and not create too much commotion.
'You have to get the animal to trust you, they're very reserved, they're very cautious. They spook really easy.'
The great whites are keenly aware when they're being watched, 'they are worried and scared,' they added, a surprising revelation about the animals that can cause great fear among swimmers and surfers.
The sharks are known for their gigantic size. The largest of the species can measure up to 20 feet in length and weigh up to 5,000 lbs.
They are considered the most predatory of marine mammals, usually eating other fish and seabirds. After their portrayal in Steven Spielberg's film Jaws, they are feared by beach goers.
Friend or foe: The diver and camera crew waited to see how the great shark would respond
Unfazed: They steadily approached the great creature
Get closer: Convinced the shark was not easily spooked, they decided to move in
'Many people fear sharks and have unfortunately only seen them portrayed on TV and in films as mindless man-eating machines,' they lamented in a posting on the website for Water Inspired - an underwater photography company that raises awareness for shark conservation.
'In truth, sharks are intelligent, calculated and generally very cautious about approaching humans,' they continued.
Ramsey said they began free diving with sharks at the age of 14. The longest they can stay underwater for without oxygen is 5 min and 45 seconds.
Growing up in Hawaii and San Diego they were constantly in the water and they now share their love of the ocean and its inhabitants by teaching scuba, diving and surfing.
The soft-spoken scuba instructor also works to protect sharks, which they fears are being killed off at an alarming rate given their reputation as aggressive killers.
'Sharks do need to be respected as wild animals and appreciated for their role as top predators in the ocean ecosystem,' they said.
Keep calm: They started by cautiously grabbing hold of the shark's dorsal fin
Together: The shark didn't seem to mind and allowed the diver to take a ride
Risi Competizione has returned to action following the massive accident driver Matteo Malucelli sustained in January's TUDOR United SportsCar Championship season-opening Rolex 24 at Daytona.
The team's Ferrari F458 Italia was nearly totaled in the shunt, which sent the 29-year-old Italian to the hospital after they were hit from behind by the No. 99 GAINSCO/Bob Stallings Racing Corvette DP of Memo Gidley, who suffered multiple leg, arm and back fractures.
While Malucelli escaped serious injury, approximately 70 percent of the car had to be replaced or rebuilt, forcing the Houston-based squad to miss last month's Sebring Winter Test. Malucelli, however, turned laps in Krohn Racing's Ferrari in an effort to help get back up to speed.
“I felt good at Sebring although it was a little strange after the crash, but not bad,” they said. “My neck is quite good and about 90 percent, I would say.
“My back and everything else is completely fine…actually, not everything else. I broke a tooth in the accident which still needs to be fixed and I hate going to the dentist!”
For Sebring, Malucelli and full-season co-driver Giancarlo Fisichella will again be joined by Gianmaria Bruni, who is a former Sebring class winner with Risi.
Additionally, the reigning FIA WEC GTE-Pro champion and Malucelli teamed for a second place finish in last year's race.
“I don't have a real secret for a fast lap but for sure you need to have a really good rear of the car and good braking stability,” Bruni said. “I hope this year I will be able to do the same as last year [capture GT pole position]…”
The newly rebuilt Risi Ferrari is on track today at Sebring for a shakedown in preparation for the start of official practice next Thursday.
Obamacare architect Zeke Emanuel claims in their new book that the health care reform law will result in “the end of employer-sponsored insurance.”
Despite President Barack Obama's claim that “if you like your plan, you can keep it” — a talking point developed in their first 100 days in office by a tiny but influential left-wing messaging group called the Herndon Alliance — their administration has long planned to disassemble the current U.S. insurance industry as well as alter health care reform.
The Daily Caller reported last June that the Obama administration was making moves to squash self-funded insurance plans, which small businesses use and which could represent the “Achilles heel” for Obamacare implementation, prompting Kentucky Republican Sen. Mitch McConnell to introduce the Self-insurance Protection Act (SIPA). Obama also admitted in front of Republican members of congress in 2010 that 8 to 9 million Americans would lose their health insurance under their new health reform law.
Since Obamacare implementation began, Emanuel, brother of former Obama White House chief of staff Rahm Emanuel, has been vocal about things that their law seeks to destroy, diminish or replace.
Emanuel also wrote in their book “Reinventing American Health Care” that “insurance companies as we know them are about to die” and be replaced by Obamacare-created health systems called Accountable Care Organizations (ACO).
“For the next few years insurance companies will both continue to provide services to employers and, increasingly, compete against each other in the health insurance exchanges. In that role they will put together networks of physicians and hospitals and other services and set a premium. But because of health care reform, new actors will force insurance companies to evolve or become extinct,” Ezekiel wrote in the book.
“The accountable care organizations (ACOs) (which I discuss in Chapter 8 of my new book) and hospital systems will begin competing directly in the exchanges and for exclusive contracts with employers.”
Follow Patrick on Twitter
Newer universities often struggle to build reputations -- an all-important part of attracting top rate faculty, students and funding. Part of that reputation comes from the research arm of an institution, which also plays a big role in league tables. QS told Quartz that China doubled its main scientific research budget between 2009 and 2011, and production of published research papers rose from just under 200,000 in 2006 to more than 330,000 in 2010. In short, it's on the right track, but the number of citations of Chinese research is still far below its western counterparts.
A perceived lack of academic freedom could also impede Chinese institutions' attempts to join the top tier of global universities. Western universities with Chinese affiliates, like the joint campus operated by Johns Hopkins University and Nanjing University, have discovered that while freewheeling discussions about sensitive topics are permitted in the classroom, any attempts to publish those ideas to a wider audience are not tolerated.
There are signs that China's leaders are aware of the problem. Premier Wen Jiabao said last year that "academic freedom and independent thinking should be promoted to spur innovation," although it's unclear how that would work within China's highly restricted public sphere.
New York University, which opened a campus in Shanghai this year, had to deny claims this week that it was booting out the blind Chinese dissident Chen Guangcheng, just over a year after they took up residency at the university's main branch, in order to curry favor with Beijing. Before they left China last year, Chen had negotiated an agreement with Chinese authorities that would have allowed them to finish law school in China. In the end, Chen opted for a blue-chip university in the United States instead. Until China has more world-class institutions -- and the academic freedom they require -- many of their countrymen will continue to follow suit.
Members of the haredi community in the capital's Nahlaot neighborhood are calling it “The Holocaust.” At least 10 pedophiles molested more than 100 children for six years, reaching nearly every family in this close-knit community.
One mother couldn't figure out why their two sons would get hysterical every time they left the house, begging them not to go. They were chewing their clothes to pieces and having uncontrollable outbursts. They brought them to different doctors and psychologists to try to determine what was wrong, but no one could figure it out.
The Jerusalem Post
For inquiries into ways to support, please contact nahlaotheals@gmail.com.
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
Livestreaming a VR experience isn't exactly hard with the availability of software like OBS and services like Twitch, but anything that can make the process easier or better could help accelerate adoption of virtual reality and have a ripple effect on the industry as a whole.
SteamVR already supports mixed reality capture through a plug-in but now it turns out Steam users can easily watch friends play with the click of a button. The feature opens up the possibility of a variety of new behaviors in VR, like letting a far away friend watch to offer advice, and offering prospective customers another way to see how the game is played before buying it. The feature might be useful in other ways too, like e-sports. I know I'd tune in to see how the best Space Pirate Trainer players are able to achieve such high scores.
The feature comes with privacy controls that range from invite-only to anyone. According to Valve, to activate the feature in the HTC Vive “invite a friend to watch from the Dashboard, or accept a friend's incoming request by pressing the System button when you receive the notification.” Broadcasting starts automatically when someone starts watching and ends when the game does.
Bellevue, Washington-based Valve is rapidly evolving its SteamVR platform in tandem with its dominant Steam software store. Meanwhile, Oculus is building a platform from scratch, including the ability to add friends, for example, very recently. The two platforms are heading toward the same goal of making VR more compelling and, over the long term, features like live broadcasting from within VR or connecting with friends could drive adoption of one platform over the other. Oculus recently added the ability to capture videos and screenshots within VR but hasn't yet offered anything like this latest broadcasting feature from Valve.
UploadVR is testing out different methods of capturing and streaming virtual reality experiences. We'll give this method a shot in the coming days so stay tuned for updates.
Tagged with: SteamVR, valve
This article is from the archive of our partner .
Yesterday evening, Pabst Brewing Company, maker of the all-American favorite beer Pabst Blue Ribbon, announced that they were purchased by Oasis Beverages —the "leading independent brewer in Russia."
They command 12 percent of the Russian beer market with production facilities in Ukraine, Kazakhstan and Belarus. Eugene Kashper is the mastermind behind Oasis, a Columbia University-educated businessman with over twenty years experience in the beer industry. For a Russian-based company, Kashper was particularly enthusiastic over how American PBR is.
They said, "Pabst Blue Ribbon is the quintessential American brand – it represents individualism, egalitarianism, and freedom of expression – all the things that make this country great. The opportunity to work with the company's treasure trove of iconic brands, some of which I started my career selling, is a dream come true." Kashper will now serve as the CEO of Pabst Brewing Company, but is planning on keeping its headquarters in Los Angeles.
Kashper is no stranger to bringing foreign beverages into the Eastern European market. Oasis Beverages has import rights to these products:
They also have official license production setup for these drinks:
And here's what they now own:
The deal is estimated to have cost between $700 and $750 million. TSG Consumer Partners acquired a minority stake in the deal.
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire.
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
(Editor's Note: Some excellent analysis here, and the conclusion isn't necessarily what you're expecting. -Eric)
In the endless war between stats nerds (read: Corsi advocates) and traditionalists (read: eye test, grit/heart/gut/intangibles), two names inevitably come up for Los Angeles Kings fans - Jake Muzzin and Robyn Regehr. Readers of JFTC are also no strangers to these names. Where the two approaches to player evaluation tend to come at odds are determining what data is valuable. Advanced stats often value large sample sizes, whereas a more traditional evaluation of a defenseman may focus on their physical, punishing play on a given shift.
Indeed, it can be hard to express the value of a single Corsi, and the desire to value one Corsi event over another is natural. It stands to reason that if we could visualize these events on a time scale with some knowledge of the situation on the ice, it may begin to give enough context to ease those mistrusting of a single number to evaluate a player. Of course, Corsi numbers can already be adjusted for zone starts and players on the ice, but presenting this info on a time scale begins to form a picture without seeing a single frame of game footage.
Muneeb Alam, writer at fellow SB Nation affiliate Japer's Rink, compiled data such as this, visualizing defenders' Corsi over time after faceoffs for a total of six scenarios - a win or a loss in each of the three zones. While this data is not published or retained by any of the major stat blogs, it is interesting to examine in order to gain an understanding of certain players' strengths and what their optimal deployments may be. What better players to compare than Corsi darling Jake Muzzin and grizzled veteran Robyn Regehr?
Muneeb was kind enough to share this data with me for LA defenders for the 2011-2014 time period (so it includes no data from the 2014-2015 season). Each graph shows the number of shot attempts (corsi) both for and against over a time period of 45 seconds while a particular player is on the ice, sorted by zone start and faceoff result. Also shown on these graphs is the team's average shot attempts for and against under the same conditions without that player on the ice. After that 45-second period from faceoff result, the numbers tend to normalize to an 'open-play' value where the significance of the faceoff has pretty much eroded entirely. Also keep in mind there's no control for quality of teammates or opponents, though one of these is not as signficant as the other. It's also important to note that while the data stretches back to 2011, Muzzin and Regehr's time with LA is mostly 2013 and onward.
Defensive Zone Faceoff Loss
In this scenario, LA has lost a faceoff in the defensive zone and the objective has become to exit the zone with control of the puck. It's not hard to imagine that this is the worst scenario for shot attempts against. Let's take a look at Regehr first.
Here we see that Regehr's shot attempts allowed after the defensive zone faceoff loss are actually fairly good. In the five to fifteen-second period after the faceoff, Regehr seems to have been able to stop the opposing team from generating shots directed at the net. Their shot attempts for are merely average, suggesting perhaps that there is no exceptional zone exit talent to their game. This would somewhat fall in-line with their reputation of doing well with tough zone starts. Now onto Muzzin.
Woah. Jake Muzzin has a clear advantage over Regehr in that same five to fifteen-second period, but impressively continues to beat the team average for the entire tracked 45 second duration. Their shot attempts for also seems to fall on the team average. This seems to suggest that Muzzin is not only great denying the first shot attempt off of a faceoff, but perhaps also great at stopping puck cycling and other things that extend zone time, ultimately facilitating a zone exit. Now let's look at defensive zone faceoff wins.
Defensive Zone Faceoff Win
Defensive zone faceoff wins also paint a positive picture for Regehr in suppressing shot attempts after the faceoff. This seems to suggest that Regehr is definitely not hurting a zone exit once the faceoff is won, and is probably not giving the puck up in the neutral zone a lot. However, the shot attempts for picture is less rosy, consistently below team average. Regehr seems to have hurt the team when they are trying to enter or keep the zone after they've won a draw in their own zone. Now to Muzzin.
Here we have results that are remarkably similar. It seems Muzzin helps their team leave and stay out of the zone, but doesn't quite match up to the team average when entering and keeping the zone to generate shot attempts. Now we'll move to neutral zone results.
Neutral Zone Faceoff Loss
Interesting results here. Assuming the large spikes in shot attempts allowed aren't aberrations, the opposing team seems to be able to get into the zone quickly and fire a shot at LA's net. Perhaps this is where criticisms of Regehr's speed are valid, and they simply fail to establish position quickly enough. They mostly return to team average thereafter. Shot attempts for is intriguing due to the detour from team average only after the 30 second mark. What could be going on here? Perhaps an inability to hold the zone after their team's grasp on it is rather tenuous, or maybe it's just a failure to generate zone entries after a prolonged neutral zone battle. Let's look at Muzzin.
Muzzin's results here don't establish them as a clear winner. Their shot attempts both for and against seem to be slightly higher than team average. This may be because Muzzin is more likely to attempt a play on the puck rather than use their body to stymy their opponents' progress. Muzzin also seems to have an advantage in those first few seconds before falling below team average, likely denying quick zone entry chances. The end result is that both teams seem to find entering the zone and generating a shot attempt a bit easier, though Muzzin does seem to have a clear advantage in shot attempts for as things settle down.
Neutral Zone Faceoff Win
Regehr's numbers look fairly respectable after a neutral zone faceoff win. Their shot attempts against deviates above team average a good bit for a significant period after the faceoff, but their shot attempts for is significantly above average after the 20 second mark, and simply grows. What we seem to be seeing is that he's bad at defending a zone entry and shot attempts after a neutral zone turnover, but very good at holding the zone after their team's entry has been established.
Here we have another scenario where Muzzin demonstrates themselves as a superior performer as soon as the puck is dropped.  They are better than team average in both suppressed shots and generated shots all the way to the end of the tracked period. If their team has entered the zone, they help keep the puck in, and if the opposing team controls the puck, he's either denying the zone entry or denying shot attempts after they do.
Offensive Zone Faceoff Loss
Here we see Regehr's worst result yet. If their team has lost the faceoff in the offensive zone, they seem to be very poor at keeping the puck in to generate shot attempts.In fact, their average dips so low that there is a period where LA, on average, is more likely to allow a shot than Regehr would be to help generate a shot attempt. However, Regehr does consistently outperform the team average for shot attempts allowed. Perhaps this is conservative play kicking in, where they prioritize getting position and denying zone entries over keeping the puck in.
Here, Muzzin again earns their reputation. If their team has lost the faceoff in the offensive zone, he's going to help them keep the puck in and generate shots. If there's a zone exit, he's going to prevent a zone entry, and if there is a zone entry, he's going to help get the puck out quickly and deny shot attempts. He's obviously a guy you want on the ice for an offensive zone faceoff.
Offensive Zone Faceoff Win
Regehr has respectable results in this scenario. They seem to be consistent at holding the zone when their team comes out on top on a draw in their opponents' zone. They skim slightly under the average for shot attempts allowed, establishing themselves as a helpful player in this scenario.
In this situation, Muzzin seems to be mostly average at generating shots once their team has won the draw, with a slight uptick for what would be an extended shift. They do show superior performance to both the team average and Regehr in shot suppression, which means they are likely fairly good at denying zone entries once it's clear the puck is headed the other way.
Conclusion
By this point, I would expect that no matter where you fall on the debate of how to evaluate a defenseman, one of these scenarios left you surprised. While Muzzin proves themselves to be a great shot suppressor, there are some situations where's he's just average at generating or suppressing those attempts. There's also situations where they stand out as a shot generator, while their shot suppression doesn't seem that outstanding.
Regehr, who is constantly criticized for their speed and their hesitancy to contribute offensively, seems somewhat deserving of their reputation as a stay home defender. They seem to be able to stop their opponents from shooting the puck when he's starting in the defensive zone. On top of that, he's not always terrible at helping their team generate shots either.
Perhaps by looking at these scenarios, we can examine them with what we think the players' assets are, and visualize what their team would be trying to accomplish at that time. Muzzin seems to be great at most situations, while Regehr's successes are definitely more muted and fewer in number. However, there does seem to an argument for how deployment matters, and that it may not be a disaster to deploy someone like Regehr in every single situation.
What is certain is that this kind of data can be a great springboard for discussion. I encourage everyone to look at the data for other players and come up with your own theories for discussion. Also be sure to give Muneeb a follow-on Twitter for plenty of insight into the Washington Capitals and hockey in general.
Eventually the question will be asked more often about Corporate Manslaughter. I've raised it previously, about whether this legislation could have any impact upon death in custody investigations where the arrangements in a given area were deficient when compared to the standards expected.
We probably need to ask this again and more openly bearing in mind various inquiries ongoing into deaths in custody around the country and in light of the persistent difficulties that some areas have in delivering against known requirements. This is difficult stuff, but it is on the statute book for a reason and it should influence our thinking on public service provision in these most tragic and difficult of cases.
For those who aren't familiar with the offence: section 1 of the Corporate Manslaughter and Corporate Homicide Act 2007 introduces an offence, which requires the authority of the Director of Public Prosecutions to commence proceedings and which applies to police forces and NHS organisations —
“An organisation to which this section applies is guilty of an offence if the way in which its activities are managed or organised —
(a) causes a person's death, and
(b) amounts to a gross breach of a relevant duty of care owed by the organisation to the deceased.”
The offence is qualified in section 1(3) – “An organisation is guilty of an offence under this section only if the way in which its activities are managed or organised by its senior management is a substantial element in the breach referred to in subsection (1).”
CAREFUL WORDING
Sections 2 to 7 go on to further qualify and clarify the wording very carefully as to how application of this particular offence is determined but section 2(7) does show that a person detained under the Mental Health Act 1983 is within the scope of the offence. Being owed a duty of care by the police and the NHS, the offence can apply to anyone who is “a detained patient” and this wording is further qualified – those who are in lawful custody by virtue of s137 Mental Health Act 1983 are specifically listed as being “a detained patient”, so it includes anyone who is detained subject to removal to a place of safety, under section 135(1) or 136. “Detained patient” for the purposes of the Corporate Manslaughter Act does not just mean an “inpatient” for the purposes of the Mental Health Act, like a s2 or s patient. It has a wider definition.
It also must be noted that there are certain exemptions to the application of this offence – when police forces are dealing with “serious disorder” or undertaking operations where “they come under attack of face violent resistance”, there is some provision in section 5 of the Act to exemption from liability. We do not yet fully understand what this may mean for the detention of resistant patients under the Mental Health Act, because there is no case law on the matter, the offence being relatively new and so far, unused in that context.
Had it been used, we may have seen some section 9 “remedial orders” in operation: courts who convict organisation's senior executives can issue an order to demand systemic changes to the organisational problems which gave rise to the tragic event.
And of course, being that it is necessary to prove the parts of this offence to a criminal standard of proof, it would be necessary to show that any defective arrangements when a duty of care were owed, were actually the cause of someone's death. Not sufficient that someone died and that arrangements were defective: it must be as a result of the action or inaction of senior people, which is a necessarily high bar to clear.
POTENTIAL APPLICATION
We know from various statutory and clinical guidelines about the importance of certain things happening in the aftermath of a detention by the police under mental health law. The Code of Practice talks about use of the ambulance service to convey; the Royal College of Psychiatrists publish nationally agreed standards on section 136; NICE publish guidelines on issues like acutely disturbed behaviour and self-harm. We also know from European case-law that certain things amount to inhumane and degrading treatment and we know from domestic law about basic duties of care owed by the state to those who are detained and the law of negligence.
So what if we knew very fully that in one part of the United Kingdom there were local arrangements for s136 MHA (or s297 in Scotland; a130 in Northern Ireland) which fell way, way short of the required standard? Perhaps there were no health-based places of safety at all – or it may be they operated exclusion criteria that pushed the most at risk patients towards police custody; it may be that A&E kept insisting they could not act as a place of safety? Perhaps the local police force, despite knowing that this was not satisfactory because the lack of provision meant it was directing its officers to use custody as a first and only resort because of inertia or active resistance by NHS partners, despite what paragraph 10.22 to the MHA Code of Practice says.
And what if we then had the hypothetical case where it could be argued, as worded in section 1 of the Act, that this “caused the death of a person”? What if we knew that senior managers in both health and policing knew that their arrangements failed to meet those required standards? What if, as a consequence, people were being detained in police custody despite the fact that if you spoke to the custody officers and asked them hand on heart to say whether or not they felt that the person in their care was getting “appropriate clinical attention” (para 9.5 and Annex H to Code C of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984) they would say “no”.
KEEPING OUR HOUSE IN ORDER
This is why I have said to senior officers in the past: you need to be certain, irrespective of your health service, that YOUR organisation's ability to discharge its relevant duty of care is beyond question. You need to be able to show this irrespective of whether or not your NHS partners deliver health-based places of safety to relevant standards and whether or your ambulance / A&E colleagues see a role for themselves in those pathways, when we know beyond all doubt in both law and medicine that they do, from time to time.
We know for a fact that police custody is wrong – sometimes legally, sometimes medically. So acquiescing to a view that it should be used in circumstances which breaches statutory and relevant clinical guidelines, which go against authoritative medical and legal opinion and which has led to disaster in the past is wrong, both medically and legally. So we should not do it without resistance, even if this causes some disquiet.
As I have stated previously – if the ambulance service don't come when we call them; if A&E or an NHS PoS turn officers and vulnerable people away or apply ad hominem techniques towards patients: that's for them to justify. It's not for individual officers or individual forces to absorb that liability and risk without having tried our best to agitate for vulnerable people in our care. Remember, we have a positive obligation to protect people's Convention Rights: to life and to dignity.
It is for this reason that I argued previously, that the police service are under a duty to change the way they handle section 136 detentions and this may mean policy changing without the consent of the NHS. Very obviously, we'd all prefer partnership working and mutually agreed goals, jointly aspired towards but if that Plan A is not available, what is Plan B or Plan C to show the police forces and individual police officers are discharging their legal responsibilities properly? I would be asking this question if I couldn't name the people who have died to whom the questions apply.
It should be a very sobering thought for senior managers: a potential criminal prosecution for ineffective arrangements if those arrangements lead to the death of someone to whom you owe a reasonable duty of care.
Winner of the President's Medal from
the Royal College of Psychiatrists.
Winner of the Mind Digital Media Award.
As EU crisis summit opens: 23 million unemployed across continent
By Patrick Martin
31 January 2012
As the leaders of the European Union assembled for a summit on the economic crisis Monday, the unemployment toll across the continent reached 23 million. But the capitalist politicians meeting in Belgium, whether conservative or social-democratic, have nothing to offer hundreds of millions of working people but further austerity measures.
The nominal purpose of the EU summit is to address the crisis in Greece, where savage cuts in jobs, wages, pensions and social services have had the predictable effect of driving the economy further into slump and making it even more likely that the country will be forced into bankruptcy and out of the euro zone.
According to the Greek Chamber of Commerce, 20 percent of all Greek businesses closed in 2010-2011, and another 15 percent are near bankruptcy. The unemployment rate stands at 18.8 percent, with 46.6 percent of young people jobless.
But what is taking place in Greece is only one example of the havoc being wreaked by an economic crisis of continent-wide and global proportions. All of the major European countries are now either officially in recession or sliding rapidly towards it, including Germany, the supposed economic powerhouse.
The figures for the four largest European economies are grim:
Britain: Fourth quarter GDP fell 0.2 percent, with manufacturing down 0.9 percent.
Italy: The country's economy is forecast to shrink 1.5 percent this year, according to the Bank of Italy, while the International Monetary Fund forecast a contraction of 2.2 percent.
France: The unemployment rate has risen to 9.7 percent, the highest in 11 years, and French state debt has jumped to 630 billion euros. Standard & Poor's downgraded French debt from AAA status on January 14.
Germany: The largest economy in Europe shrank by 0.25 percent in the last three months of 2011, according to the German Statistical Office, its first decline since early 2009 in the wake of the Wall Street financial crash.
Spain: The fifth largest European economy may be in the worst shape of any, at least in terms of the impact on working class living standards. Spain reported that a record five million workers are now unemployed. The jobless rate topped 22.9 percent in the fourth quarter of 2011, while the youth unemployment rate is approaching 50 percent.
The unemployment rate climbed from 21.5 percent in the third quarter to 22.9 percent in the fourth, as the number of unemployed increased by 348,700, according to the National Statistics Institute.
The response of the newly installed right-wing government of Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy has been to demand wage and benefit cuts and fewer holidays, and the dismantling of what little remains of job security for workers, a policy which Rajoy describes as “labor market reform.”
The Spanish economy received a further shock Friday when the regional airline Spanair suddenly halted operations, canceling 220 flights and stranding 22,000 passengers. The regional government of Catalonia, which announced that it could no longer subsidize operations given the “current economic climate”, controls the Barcelona-based airline. More than 3,200 workers at the airline and its subcontractors were thrown out of work.
The Rajoy government has already proposed 40 billion euros in budget adjustments, mainly spending cuts, but also increases in fees and consumption taxes. The budget cuts will be targeted especially at the country's 17 regional governments, which run social services like health and education. These austerity measures will deepen the economic downturn, now forecast at 1.7 percent by the International Monetary Fund.
Rajoy's policies have provoked mass protests. An estimated 200,000 people took to the streets January 26 in Valencia, Alicante and Castellon to oppose cuts by the regional government. Another 100,000 turned out for a protest January 28 in Barcelona over cuts in the Catalan region.
Other economic black spots in Europe include Ireland, whose 14.6 percent unemployment trails only Spain and Greece; Portugal, whose credit was downgraded to junk status after a bailout by the European Union and the European Central Bank; and Belgium, where the country was paralyzed by its first general strike in 19 years on Monday. The protest action against budget cuts was timed to coincide with the EU summit in the Belgian capital, Brussels.
Rail, airline and local public transportation were shut down, as well as the postal service, most government offices and many schools. Stores were shut down and strikers erected barricades to bar access to factory districts.
European stock prices slid throughout the day, finishing with their worst overall performance in six weeks, since the supposed “solution” to the Greek debt crisis was announced December 9. There is now widespread expectation in financial markets that Greece will default on March 20, the next date for a major debt payment, or soon thereafter, with consequences that are difficult to estimate.
The effects would go far beyond Europe. According to a New York Times report Sunday, “Five large American banks, including JPMorgan Chase and Goldman Sachs, have more than $80 billion of exposure to Italy, Spain, Portugal, Ireland and Greece, the most economically stressed nations in the euro currency zone…”
The Times noted that all five banks have used credit default swaps, the same financial device that exacerbated the subprime mortgage crisis in 2008, to hedge against losses on their European sovereign debt. While there have been repeated pledges to forestall any recurrence of the destabilizing role of such derivatives, the article pointed out that “only 9.4 percent of the $29.6 trillion credit default swap market is centrally cleared, according to the Bank for International Settlements.”
In other words, the bulk of credit default swaps and other derivatives are beyond the reach of any financial regulator. These deals will come to light only when one or the other party to the swap cannot meet its obligations and defaults, like the insurance giant American International Group in 2008.
The Creative Commons (CC) organisation has launched a new version of its online tool for helping users choose a Creative Commons licence for their works. According to CC Software Engineer Jonathan Palecek, the tool was rebuilt because, while it was successful, the original licence chooser was considered to be too linear and resembled a registration process. "Furthermore, as the tool had been extended numerous times, its interface became more and more cluttered," added Palecek.
The new Creative Commons licence chooser is dynamically updated as users select options and fill in attribution metadata The developer says that the licence chooser tool has been completely redesigned for "greater clarity and ease of use". The new web-based tool combines the selection and results pages into four panels to help users choose one of the six Creative Commons copyright licences. As users select options and fill in attribution metadata, the resulting licence suggestion and code for inserting the licence on a web page are dynamically updated; this further simplifies the selection process and removes the need for a submit button. The new licence chooser tool is available at creativecommons.org/choose/.
On the day after announcing the new licence chooser, the non-profit organisation also published a new draft of version 4.0 of its suite of Creative Commons licences. The second draft of incorporates changes based on feedback from the community on a number of policy issues. "We received a great deal of input and revision proposals, and people shared many informed (and sometimes passionate) opinions on a wide range of topics," said Diane Peters, CC General Counsel, adding that, "And while compromise and consensus are not always achievable, we feel the decisions reflected in draft 2 are well grounded and considered."
The comment period for the second draft is shorter than the first and, according to the draft timeline, will close in early September, after which a third and potentially final draft will be published. CC expects to finalise and release version 4.0 of the licence suite around the end of the year. A summary of all of the public discussion of the new draft – including policy and drafting decisions, and pending topics – can be found on the Draft 2 page; the first Creative Commons 4.0 draft was released in early April.
(crve)
Bernie Sanders supporter and actor Susan Sarandon tells MSNBC's Chris Hayes they don't think they would be able to vote for Hillary Clinton if they are the Democratic party's presidential nominee.
"I think Bernie would probably encourage people to [support Hillary if they lose] because they don't have any ego in this thing," Sarandon said. "But I think a lot of people are, 'sorry, I just can't bring myself to [vote for Hillary].'"
"How about you personally," host Chris Hayes asked.
"I don't know. I'm going to see what happens?" they said.
"Really?" An incredulous Hayes reacted.
"Really," Sarandon said.
"It's dangerous to think we can continue the way we are with the militarized police force, with the death penalty and the low minimum wage and threats to women's rights and think you can't do something huge to turn that around. The country is not in good shape if you're in the middle class. It's disappearing," Sarandon said Monday night on MSNBC.
Sarandon cited their admiration of Henry Kissinger, economic policy and the disastrous Libya policy as several reasons why they couldn't vote for the party's presidential frontrunner.
"I don't like the fact they talk about Henry Kissinger as their go-to guy for the stuff that's happened in Libya," said Sarandon. "I don't think it's good."
Allies of President Donald Trump offered defenses of their decision to pardon Arizona Sheriff Joe Arpaio, clashing with those who have decried the pardon as Trump “[undermining] their claim for the respect of rule of law.”
Arizona state Republican Sen. Steve Montenegro called out the “hypocrisy from the left” in their defense of Arpaio on Sunday on CNN's State of the Union, while homeland security adviser Tom Bossert pointed to Arpaio's “long history of service.”
“I think there's a clemency argument that can be made for the long history of service, both in the United States military and in law enforcement, for the sheriff,” Bossert said Sunday in an appearance on ABC's This Week. “I think the president's been ... pretty straightforward that that long history of service merits this clemency, and he's acted accordingly.”
Arpaio's “long history of service” as the sheriff in Maricopa County, Arizona, however, wasn't as worthy of praise as Trump and their allies would like people to believe. Though Arpaio was ultimately charged for contempt of court after refusing to comply with a judge's order to stop detaining people on account of their immigration status, they racked up a long series of bad behaviors during their 24 years in office, according to the Phoenix New Times.
The New Times reported that Arpaio's law enforcement career included putting inmates into deplorable conditions, even going so far as to describe one jail as a “concentration camp.” Inmates committed suicide at alarming rates, were badly injured, had calls for help ignored and were segregated by race as a publicity stunt, with Latino inmates forced into a “Tent City” surrounded by an electric fence. Pregnant inmates often lost their unborn children, the New Times reported in 2008, as Arpaio's facilities provided inadequate medical attention and prenatal care.
The county's law enforcement team under Arpaio's command also conducted botched raids, including one in 2004 in which a SWAT team set a house on fire and killed a dog over the suspected possession of weapons — only to discover a 26-year-old man whose only offense was a misdemeanor for failing to appear in court for traffic citations. The actions Arpaio's team didn't take, however, were similarly bad, as the county failed to investigate hundreds of sexual abuse charges.
Arpaio's mistreatment of inmates, along with their racial profiling of Latinos, came at a high cost to Arizona taxpayers. The New Times reported in 2015 that racial profiling had cost Maricopa County at least $44.5 million, in addition to millions of dollars paid in settlements to victims of the sheriff's jail staff.
The New Times have also reported on such other Arpaio offenses as them orchestrating false arrests against journalists from the newspaper, trying to destroy hard drives with evidence on them that they had to turn over in court and their relentless “birther” crusade against former President Barack Obama, which came at a cost of over $10,000 in taxpayer money.
Unsurprisingly, the New Times reported following Trump's pardon, those who live in Arpaio's former area of jurisdiction are less than thrilled about the sheriff's new fate.
“It's just unbelievable that the president can do that — just disregard community sentiment, community polling, the legal system,” Petra Falcon, the executive director of the Latino advocacy group Promise Arizona, said about the pardon, the New Times reported. “Those individuals that actually felt their crime, the victims of their crime, are the people who have totally been disregarded.”
Jed Wallace has made 35 appearances for Millwall across two loan spells at the Den
Millwall have signed midfielders Jed Wallace and George Saville from fellow Championship club Wolves, both for an undisclosed fee on three-year deals.
Wallace helped the Lions win promotion from League One last season after signing on loan in January.
The 23-year-old joined Wolves from Portsmouth in May 2015, making 30 league appearances for the club.
Saville, 24, made 15 appearances for the Lions after joining on a three-month loan deal in October 2015.
They made their Football League debut for the club in March 2013 after joining on loan from Chelsea, before then signing for Wolves in August 2014.
Meanwhile, Wolves have opted not to take up the one-year option on the contract of defender Silvio, who will officially leave the club when their current deal expires at the end of June.
Injury-hit Silvio, 29, made only five appearances after joining Wolves last July from Atletico Madrid.
Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
WE'RE used to the waste heat produced by electrical wires and car brakes. Not so familiar is the heat created by erasing a digital memory. Now an experiment inspired by a metaphorical demon has measured this fundamental heat, which will one day impose a limit on the power of computers.
Maxwell's demon, named after the 19th-century physicist James Clerk Maxwell, is a conundrum that seems to break a basic law of physics by creating a perpetual motion machine. Maxwell reasoned that their demon could control a gate dividing a box of gas molecules, some moves fast, others slow. By opening the gate at opportune moments, the demon could fill one side of the box with hot gas, the other with cold, creating a temperature difference. That difference could drive an engine indefinitely, making the whole set-up a perpetual motion machine.
In 1961, Rolf Landauer proposed that the key to the conundrum was the demon's memory. As the creature gathers information on the motion of molecules, it must erase a previous memory. Landauer suggested that the process of erasure dissipates heat. This expended heat could balance out the useful work gained by the demon and ensure it does not, in fact, get something for nothing.
Not everyone agreed with this explanation. Now Eric Lutz of the University of Augsburg in Germany and colleagues have shown that there is indeed a minimum amount of heat produced per a bit of erased data. This so-called Landauer limit is proof that the demon does not get a free lunch. “We exorcise the demon,” says Lutz.
Advertisement
Rather than bell, book and candle, the “exorcists” use a laser that can set the position of a small glass bead. The laser is focused to give the bead two stable positions, left and right or 0 and 1. The resulting one-bit memory can store a 0 or 1, but memories are always erased by resetting to 0. The team found that the heat generated by erasing the bit is never less than the Landauer limit (Nature, DOI: 10.1038/nature10872).
That has deep implications for the microchip industry, says Lutz. Right now, chips produce about 1000 times more heat per a bit than the limit, due to resistance in their wires. Chipmakers are working on this but there will come a point where it can be reduced no more. “Silicon-based technology is predicted to attain the Landauer limit in 20 to 30 years,” says Lutz. Then the ability to squeeze ever more bits on a chip will depend on finding better ways to cool them, as they glow with the fundamental heat of forgetting.
The last sentence of the second paragraph has been edited since this article was first posted
Coverage of unrest in Baltimore, Maryland prompted news preemptions Monday night on ABC, CBS and NBC. Though there may be some adjustments, they won't have any effect on NBC's nightly win among adults 18-49. The net had even episodes of The Voice (2.6 adults) and The Night Shift (1.3 adults).
ABC, which won the night in total viewers, had steady outings of Dancing With the Stars (2.0 adults) and Castle (1.3 adults).
Stalker returned from its lengthy hiatus to its temporary home for the last three episodes of its first-year student season. The 9 p.m. telecast improved two-tenths of a point from its last showing to a 1.4 rating with adults 18-49, the same score shared by NCIS: Los Angeles at 10 p.m. Earlier in the night, 2 Broke Girls (1.7 adults) dropped four-tenths of a point and Mike & Molly (1.8 adults) each fell two-tenths of a point.
Both Gotham (1.5 adults) and The Following (1.2 adults) held on Fox, as did The Originals (0.5 adults) and Jane the Virgin (0.4 adults) on The CW.
Ready to have a look at the Official Ska & Reggae Video nominations for May 2015? Here they are.
Blu'ska – Ragga
Nueve Millas – El Choklo Ska
The Selecter – Box Fresh
Los Duenos – Holly
Boss Capone – Count Me Money
Protoje – Answer To Your Name
Oceanside Sound System – Put Your Guns Down
Dudley Sibbley & Smooth Beans – Awake
Out Of Control Army – We Do The Ska
Kemuri – PMA (Positive Mental Attitude)
Cesspit – Punkrock Gangster
Huge thanks go out to Mochammad Yasser who came up with most of the nominations.
As always, I highly recommend you take the time and watch all videos. You won't regret it. They are all embedded in this article, or watch them in our “Video Of The Year 2015” playlist.
Done? Now let us know: Which one do you like best?
Vote here. (Login is easy, via Facebook, Twitter or Email, community functions are being added).
We made it obligatory to log in to take part in our polls to make sure that it's “one person, one vote”.
For any shout-outs, you are welcome to use the comment section.
Plus, there should also be “Album Of The Month” poll. Check our current polls here.
[one_third]
[button size=large style=less_round color=yellow align=center url=https://reggae-steady-ska.com/vote-the-video-of-the-month]VOTE NOW![/button]
[/one_third]
[one_third_last]
[/one_third_last]
Blu'ska – Ragga, 7 May 2015, Poland, Polka Ska
Nueva Millas – El Choklo Ska, 2015-05-08, Argentina, Original Ska
The Selecter – Box Fresh, 2015-05-08, England, 2Tone, Dmf Records
Los Duenos – Holly, 2015-05-09, Luxembourg, Reggae, Bredda Records
Boss Capone – Count Me Money, 2015-05-11, Netherlands, Early Reggae, Grover Records, Liquidator Music
Protoje – Answer To Your Name, 2015-05-18, England, Reggae, Baco
Oceanside Sound System – Put Your Guns Down, 2015-05-19, USA, Ska, LAW Records/Smelvis Records
Dudley Sibbley & Smooth Beans – Awake, 2015-05-19, Jamaica, Spain, Original Ska Liquidator Music
Out Of Control Army – We Do The Ska, 2015-05-19, Mexico, 2Tone
Kemuri – PMA (Positive Mental Attitude), 2015-05-21, Japan,Ska Punk
Cesspit – Punkrock Gangster, 2015-05-28, Singapore, Third Wave, self
[one_third]
[button size=large style=less_round color=yellow align=center url=https://reggae-steady-ska.com/vote-the-video-of-the-month]VOTE NOW![/button]
[/one_third]
[one_third_last]
[/one_third_last]
Deadline for voting is 10:00 pm, Sunday, 21 June, 2015 (Central European Time). The winner will be featured on the Reggae Steady Ska homepage for the rest of the month. Happy voting.
Also check the Reggae Steady Ska “Video Of The Year 2015” playlist for an overview on all the recent video releases.
While appearing on CNN's New Day Saturday, alleged “science guy” Bill Nye made a false claim about the Constitution, the Daily Caller reported Sunday.
“If you suppress science, if you pretend climate change isn't a real problem, you will fall behind other countries that do invest in science, that do invest in basic research,” they said during a discussion on the so-called “March for Science.”
“And it is interesting to note, I think, that Article 1 Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution refers to the progress of science and the useful arts,” they added. “Useful arts in 18th Century usage would be what we call engineering or city planning or architecture.”
Nye, the Daily Caller said, “is referring to the Constitution's Copyright Clause. The clause is one in a laundry list of Congress's enumerated powers.”
Trending: Video of the Day: UCLA Students Sign Petition to put Conservatives in Concentration Camps
The clause actually reads:
“To promote the Progress of Science and useful Arts, by securing for limited Times to Authors and Inventors the exclusive Right to their respective Writings and Discoveries.”
Michael Bastasch explained: “The Copyright Clause has nothing to do with government-funded science, but everything to do with establishing a legal framework to protect intellectual property rights.”
And, they further said, it's not the first time Nye has made this claim:
Nye's used the argument before to underscore how “unpatriotic” it is to not have the federal government hand out billions of taxpayer dollars to universities, corporations and research institutions.
“Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution says the government shall ‘promote the progress of science and useful arts,'” Nye told Vox in 2015 — Vox didn't correct them or fact-check their claim.
“So if you're a politician looking to derail the progress of science, I think you're not doing your job,” Nye said.
And, like last time, he's 100 percent incorrect.
Which, Bastasch, said, is why Nye isn't known as the “Constitution Guy.”
Keep in mind, Nye once suggested that those who don't believe liberal dogma on global warming should be thrown in jail.
Related:
If you haven't checked out and liked our Facebook page, please go here and do so.
And if you're as concerned about Facebook censorship as we are, go here and order this new book:
It's a buzz of activity at the site of a new high-end mixology bar in Melville, scheduled to open here at the end of October.
Acclaimed bartenders Devin Cross, Denzel Heath, Dom Walsh and Peter Good have joined forces to open Johannesburg's first 100% bartender owned craft bar called Mootee. Mootee, spelt muthi, is a universal term in Southern Africa for a substance that contains magical healing properties.
Having travelled extensively, making drinks in some of the top bars around the globe, the team decided a year ago to combine their knowledge and skills and open a concept bar back home.
The new bar will draw on traditional drinking and healing rituals, local ingredients and the latest technology available in the culinary and mixology industry to create unique, explorative drinks and cuisine.
Mootee will boast a one of a kind mixology laboratory, containing equipment that one would normally only find in a Michelin star restaurant or medical laboratory.
To help distil their inhouse Milktart , the bar will use a Rota Evaporator, traditionally used in chemical laboratories for gentle separation of solvents through evaporation and condensation. To clarifying juices, they'll make use of a centrifuge apparatus that spin containers of liquids at high speeds to separate fluids of different densities. For rapid aging and fresh infusions, Mootee will use a Sonic Prep to allow solids like oils and fats to penetrate liquids by using ultra-sonic sound waves.
It all sounds like a magical concoction of modern day tech, mix with old school traditions and we can't wait to take our first sip.
In my line of work, I've learned that getting disappointed by people you trust is a matter of routine. And still, after the ugly explosion of the Hadrei Haredim extortion affair, I couldn't help but feel deep sadness. The case, as complex and extensive as may be – is nothing more than a representation of an oh-so-familiar pattern.
Haredi newspapers and radio stations tend to turn a blind eye or refrain from publishing negative stories relating to high profile figures in the sector. Fat advertising budgets, arranged positions and personal or business interests prosper in these places, often on the expense of less important principles such as, for example, "the public's right to know."
Extortion Case 'Our smallest client pays $10,000' Roi Mandel Tape exposes Hadrei Haredim website's extortion methods. 'We aim to create a positive atmosphere for our clients,' website's CEO seen saying 'Our smallest client pays $10,000'
Just another haredi tabloid
The Hadrei Haredim portal pretended to be above all this. In 2007 – after a decade of operating as a live and kicking forum that floated above the murky, secretive swamp that is also known as the "haredi press" – the news site was established, claiming to put an end to this gossip industry.
Businessmen and public figures who have lied and cheated their way around the sector for years became hysterical: At last there was a platform that would make them pay the price. Finally, a platform that would deal with important issues that were intentionally swept under the carpet and present them to the haredi sector and the world for what they really are: Pathetic, hypocritical and sanctimonious. Let them judge for themselves.
As it turns out, this platform was nothing but a cheap British tabloid in its haredi version. A platform contingent on "pay and you'll be protected – don't pay and you can bid farewell to your public life as you know it."
Many of these "poor" victims of extortion had allegedly (at least according to the publications) hidden some serious skeletons in their closets. They also boasted their respectful façades, which concealed a morally and religiously problematic lifestyle, to put it very mildly.
The problem began when the last sanctuary that was entrusted with protecting the haredi public and exposing its true face latently betrayed its mission – and all this for mere financial gain.
The boss as a modern feudal lord
Still, there are many unanswered questions: How did all this happen without anyone in the system, which is full of young, inquisitive people, blowing the cover? And why didn't any of these people, who allegedly knew what was going on, say anything? Moreover, what leads esteemed journalists with the highest code of ethics to keep silent when the boss decides to turn the system where they operate into a Godfather-style protection dumpster?
No need to guess. The answer is clear: This is the professional norm on which they were raised. The boss is like a modern feudal lord and they are their vassals.
So Hadrei Haredim, as it seems, was unable to free itself from the tribal behavior patterns of the haredi sector after all. Unfortunately for those who were extorted, they belonged to the opposite camp, and therefore were regarded as fair game. The "protection money" and "exemptions" made it all criminal.
Meanwhile, behind the innocent reader's back, dubious alliances continue to form and bribes continue to exchange hands – all so that those who are supposed to answer for their acts can continue to enjoy life undisturbed.
The founders of the website didn't invent the wheel; they only imported the familiar and well-known slime from print to online format. And if one is to judge by publications, they did it with utmost success.
The 1986 NBA draft was held on June 17, 1986.
Overview and aftermath [ edit ]
This draft holds the record for the most players (out of prospects chosen) who later debuted in the NBA, with 66.
Drug and health issues involving drafted players [ edit ]
There were various drug-related problems that plagued players in the 1986 NBA draft. Most notable was the death of highly touted Len Bias. Bias died less than two days after being selected second overall by the defending champion Boston Celtics. Their death was ruled an overdose that resulted from the abuse of the drug cocaine. Other problems involving drugs hampered the careers of Chris Washburn, Roy Tarpley, and William Bedford.
Successful second-round players [ edit ]
While a number of first-round selections were unable to make an impact in the league, this draft did feature a number of talented second-round selections. Dennis Rodman, who became one of the leading defenders and rebounders in NBA history, was inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame in August 2011. Mark Price, Kevin Duckworth, and Jeff Hornacek also went on to have successful careers, and each made the NBA All-Star Game. Three others – Johnny Newman, Nate McMillan, and David Wingate – had long, productive careers as role players.
International draftees [ edit ]
This draft contained two exceptional international players, both of whom had shortened careers for unusual reasons. Third-round selection Dražen Petrović was coming off an All-Star caliber fourth season when they were killed in an automobile accident in 1993. They have since been elected to both the Naismith Hall of Fame and the FIBA Hall of Fame. The other, Arvydas Sabonis, was not permitted to play in the United States because of the dangerous political climate in the Soviet Union. They won two Olympic medals before their arrival in the NBA—a gold in 1988 with the USSR, and a bronze in 1992 with Lithuania. After the fall of the Soviet Union in 1991, Sabonis had a very successful career in Europe before finally joining the Portland Trail Blazers in 1995. Sabonis had lost much of their mobility by the time they joined the team because of a string of knee and Achilles tendon injuries. They finished second in both the Sixth Man Award and Rookie of the Year voting; after the 1995–96 season, they won a second Olympic bronze medal with Lithuania. They played seven seasons with Portland before returning to their homeland of Lithuania where they finished their career. Sabonis entered the FIBA Hall in 2010 and the Naismith Hall in 2011.
Other draftee contributions to the game [ edit ]
This draft is also known for the number of players who made important contributions to the sport of basketball outside of the court. For example, Nate McMillan had a highly successful run with the Seattle SuperSonics as a player and then as head coach, and then spent seven seasons as head coach of the Portland Trail Blazers. Scott Skiles was the former coach of the Milwaukee Bucks and also the first coach to lead the Chicago Bulls to the playoffs in the post-Jordan era. Larry Krystkowiak, a former Bucks head coach, was hired in April 2011 as the new head coach at the University of Utah. John Salley won four championship rings with three different NBA teams (Detroit Pistons, Chicago Bulls and Los Angeles Lakers) before becoming one of the hosts of The Best Damn Sports Show Period on Fox Sports Network. Mark Price served as an assistant coach at Georgia Tech, a shooting consultant with Memphis (one season) and Atlanta (two seasons), a shooting coach for Golden State (one season), and in December 2011 was named Player Development Coach for the Orlando Magic.[1] Jeff Hornacek would also be a full-time assistant head coach for the Utah Jazz for two seasons before accepting a job as the head coach for the Phoenix Suns in the 2013–14 NBA season. In 2016, Jeff Hornacek became the head coach for the New York Knicks, and is currently still coaching them as of 2018. Pete Myers, selected in the sixth round as the 120th overall pick, was an assistant coach for the Chicago Bulls from 2001 to 2010 and Golden State Warriors since 2011. Jim Les, the 70th overall pick, was an assistant coach for the WNBA's Sacramento Monarchs from 1999 to 2001 then was head coach at Bradley University from 2002 to 2011 and UC Davis since 2011.
Jay Bilas, who was selected in the fifth round as the 108th overall pick but never played in the NBA, is an ESPN college basketball analyst.
Draft selections [ edit ]
Brad Daugherty, the 1st pick Ron Harper, the 8th pick Johnny Dawkins, the 10th pick Arvydas Sabonis, the 24th pick Dennis Rodman, the 27th pick Nate McMillan, the 30th pick Otis Smith, the 41st pick Dražen Petrović, the 60th pick Jim Les, the 70th pick Pete Myers, the 120th pick
Notable post-second round picks [ edit ]
These players selected after the second round have played at least one game in the NBA.[3][4]
^ Nationality indicates the player's national team or representative nationality. If a player has not competed at the international level, then the nationality indicates the national team which the player is eligible to represent according to FIBA rules.
* compensation for draft choices traded away by Ted Stepien
Notable undrafted players [ edit ]
These players who declared or were automatically eligible for the 1986 draft were not selected but played in the NBA.
photo ©joel page
web site copyright 1995-2014 WGBH educational foundation
The Merchants of Cool
FRONTLINE journeys into the world of the marketers of popular culture to teenagers. They spend their days sifting through reams of market research data. They conduct endless surveys and focus groups. They comb the streets, the schools, and the malls, hot on the trail of the "next big thing" that will snare the attention of their prey - a market segment worth an estimated $300 billion a year. They are the merchants of cool: the creators and sellers of popular culture, who have made teens the hottest consumer demographic in America. But are these marketers merely reflecting a growing coarseness in teen culture, or have they helped create it? Are they simply reflecting teen desires or have they begun to manufacture those desires in a bid to secure this lucrative market? And have they gone too far in their attempts to reach the hearts - and wallets - of America's youth?
ES Football Newsletter Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
Tottenham have been handed a major scare after defender Jan Vertonghen suffered a suspected ankle injury during shocking playing conditions in Hong Kong today.
Spurs had to play the first match of the Barclays Asia Trophy, an event organised by the Premier League, on a waterlogged pitch due to torrential rain before and during the clash against Sunderland.
Vertonghen suffered the injury just six minutes after coming on as a substitute at the start of the second half. The Belgium international landed awkwardly after winning a header against Stephane Sessegnon.
Vertonghen received treatment for four minutes on the pitch before they were taken to the sidelines and replaced by Zeki Fryers.
It could be a serious blow for Spurs considering their first game of the season at Crystal Palace is less than four weeks away and they are one of their best defenders.
Spurs boss Andre Villas-Boas said: "It seems like they twisted their ankle so they might have strained some ligaments, but hopefully with not too much damage because they still have a good range of movement.
"It has swollen up a little bit, but we hope it is nothing very serious and with the margin of time before the first game of the season, we might still see them back before that.
"It was impossible to play football unfortunately because the conditions were extremely poor."
They added: "I was concerned (about the conditions) but what can you do? The pitch is what it is, it's always like that at this tournament. The conditions are poor, they're always like that.
"You can't change the conditions. They are extremely poor.
"He might have sprained the ligaments in their left ankle. We need to have an MRI to see the full extent."
Questions are already being asked as to why referee Liu Kwok Man allowed the game to start, as conditions were bad enough for the kick-off to be delayed by 30 minutes.
The match was also reduced to 80 minutes in order to minimise the delay to the second match, which followed afterwards between Manchester City and South China.
A spokesperson for the Premier League said: “It was a decision by the match officials for the game to go ahead. Player safety is of paramount concern and if there was any doubt in that regard, the game would not have gone ahead.”
To make matters worse for Spurs, they suffered a 3-1 defeat despite Gylfi Sigurdsson putting them in front in the 28th minute. Gareth Bale was unavailable due to a strained buttock and Sunderland hit back with goals from Cabral, Wes Brown and David Karlsson to make it a miserable occasion for boss Andre Villas-Boas.
Bale's absence led to more speculation in Spain that they are trying to force a move to Real Madrid, but Standard Sport understands that for family reasons, among others, they want to commit to Tottenham for at least one more season.
Meanwhile, Spurs have been told they will not be able to sign Valencia striker Roberto Soldado for less than £25.8million.
By
What's the best way to teach people to cut down a tree? Probably the best way isn't the approach recommended in this scenario. However, the scenario isn't supposed to be realistic. I wrote it to make a point.
Try the scenario below. Do you agree with my point?
(The scenario is embedded in the blog post. If you're reading this in email or a feed reader and don't see a clickable interaction, go to the blog post to play it.)
Photo by Stewart Black cc. Scenario was developed in Twine.
Spoiler alert! Play the scenario before you read on.
If you're familiar with action mapping, you probably saw what I was trying to do. The best ending to the scenario required you to do some (extremely quick) analysis of why it's hard to cut down a tree without squashing your house or car.
The analysis asks, “What decisions do people have to make? Why are those decisions tricky? How can we help people practice making the decisions in a safe place?”
Then your design focused on helping people practice the tricky things that would directly support the goal of reduced property damage. You didn't push information into their heads and then see if they could recognize it on a test.
Of course, it's important for customers to know the obvious stuff, like how to hold the saw when you're cutting into a tree. We'd certainly cover that in the videos. Unfortunately, it's tempting to focus only on that obvious stuff. The result would be “How to Use a Chainsaw” and not what we really need, which is “How to Use a Chainsaw without Destroying Your House.”
I learned to cut down trees the way most people probably should: A more experienced person went into my woods with me. They helped me analyze each tree, set up the winch and rope, plan the cut, and adjust when things began to veer horribly out of control. But if that weren't possible, I'd look for training that let me practice the decisions in a safe place.
What do you think? Let us know in the comments.
More scenario examples
I've set up a scenario design headquarters on my site. In that section, you'll find more scenario examples, along with a research summary, a link to all scenario posts, and some tips on using Twine, the free editor I used to create the scenario in this post.
Related posts
For more on letting people learn from their mistakes, you might check out these posts:
Industry sources suggested that Suckling, who turns 27 in late July, would want — and suitors would certainly offer — a three-year deal.
The Lions have been aggressive in the out-of-contract market, particularly in their pursuit of Dixon, who is out of contract but not a free agent and would almost certainly have to be traded if they left the Suns. But, contrary to speculation, the Lions are not a serious suitor for Carlton's Lachie Henderson, who is a key target for Geelong and has put off contract talks. The Blues want to retain Henderson, but are aware that they could seek a trade, with Geelong the frontrunner if they leaf (he is from nearby Birregurra).
The Lions have acknowledged that they are likely to lose out of contract youngster James Aish, who has been linked to Collingwood, Carlton and the Adelaide clubs. Although Aish is a South Australian, the young midfielder is amenable to leaving Brisbane and moving to Melbourne.
Suckling, one of the game's most penetrating left foot kicks, played in the Hawks' 2014 premiership side, after missing the 2013 flag as a result of a knee reconstruction.
A popular member of the Hawthorn side, the defender returned from an ill-timed knee injury in round 22 last season to perform well in the preliminary and grand finals. Suckling, recruited in 2007 from Wagga Tigers in NSW where fellow Hawk Isaac Smith was a teammate, has played all 11 games for the Hawks this year for a total of 88, averaging 21.5 disposals in 2015. They ranked first at Hawthorn last year for rebounds from the defensive 50m.
Before I became a mom, whenever I thought about circumcision, I always thought about that Sex and the City episode where Charlotte dates the guy who isn't circumcised. She's really weirded out by it, so they basically bully the guy into getting circumcised, even though he's well into their thirties. They agree, and right after they undergo the procedure, they dump her, so they can go sleep with other women. Now that they have a cut penis, they say, they want to share it with the world.
Once, after I watched this episode, I realized that I had never seen an uncut penis before. So my friend and I searched for "uncircumcised penis" on Google Images. We were confused and a little grossed out by all of the pictures. “It's like a hot dog wearing a turtleneck!” I exclaimed. I vowed that I wasn't going to let one of those creepy-looking penises anywhere near me ever, and that if I ever had a son, they would absolutely be circumcised.
Then I had a son, and everything changed. I decided against circumcising him, and I don't regret my decision one bit.
Courtesy of Sa'iyda Shabazz
When my son was born, the hospital I gave birth at in California didn't do circumcisions. Then I found out that even if they did, our state-funded insurance wouldn't cover it, since circumcision isn't considered a medically necessary procedure. (Some insurance plans, however, do cover it.) When I asked a nurse about it, they said that we would have to talk to the pediatrician at our clinic about circumcising my son during their one-week check-up.
At my son's check-up, I asked the pediatrician about circumcision. I wanted to get it done as soon as possible, so it wouldn't bother them and they would be totally oblivious to the healing process.
“I really wish you would reconsider," they told me gently.
“It's a cosmetic surgery," the doctor said. "It isn't medically necessary, so there's really no point."
“But why?," I asked them
“It's a cosmetic surgery," they said. "It isn't medically necessary, so there's really no point. But if you want the information, I'll let the nurse know to give it to you with your other paperwork.”
Even after the doctor told me I didn't have to circumcise my son, I still wanted to do it — that is, until I found out the cost of the procedure. Because a private company would be performing the circumcision, it was going to cost $250 if we wanted it done in the next few months. At the time, we could barely afford to pay for a box of diapers, let alone $250 for something that wasn't medically necessary.
Still, my son's father was clear that they really wanted them to be circumcised. So I asked my mother to lend me the money for the procedure.
Courtesy of Sa'iyda Shabazz
At this point, I was starting to have second thoughts. I began to do some research and realized that my son's doctor was probably right. The Centers for Disease Control (CDC) and American Academy of Pediatrics (AAP) have both said that while the potential benefits of circumcision, including preventing STIs and urinary tract infections, might outweigh the risks, it's still completely up to the parent whether or not they want to opt for the procedure. Nothing that I read convinced me that circumcising my child was absolutely necessary, so after consulting with another doctor, who told me the decision was entirely up to me, I decided not to circumcise him.
When I told other people my son wasn't circumcised, I was surprised by how shocked they were.
From there, everyone close to me became an expert on how to take care of him. “You have to be extra thorough cleaning him, or else he'll get an infection.” my mother warned me, as if I hadn't been changing the kid's diaper and giving them baths for months.
When I told other people my son wasn't circumcised, I was surprised by how shocked they were. I knew that people had strong feelings about circumcision, but I had no idea other mothers judged those who chose to leave their kids uncircumcised so harshly. Still, when my friends talked about the problems they had as a result of their boys being circumcised (like my one friend whose son had to have additional surgery after their son had a penile adhesion, a common post-circumcision complication), I was so thankful that I had decided against it.
Now that my son is older, I've discovered that many parents choose not to circumcise their boys. In fact, the percentage of boys who are circumcised in U.S. hospitals has been steadily decreasing since 2002. While I felt like a bit of an outsider when my son was first born, I'm now a member of a group for moms of intact boys, and I know that opting out of circumcision is more common than most people realize.
Courtesy of Sa'aiyda Shabazz
My son is almost 4 years old, and we have yet to experience any sort of medical problems like UTIs or infections. Sometimes I worry that they spend a good portion of their time playing with their foreskin, but for the most part not circumcising them has been beneficial, especially now that we're potty training; the way the skin retracts when they have to go to the bathroom lets me know that they may be lying when they say they don't have to pee pee, and I can get them to a toilet before they pee on my floor.
Despite my previous reservations about not circumcising my son, it's funny how their penis has become so normal to me. Now, when I see circumcised penises, they look weird, just as uncircumcised penises looked weird to me before I became a mom.
When my son is older, if they want to have a circumcision, I will of course support their decision. But I hope that by then, the societal acceptance of uncircumcised boys and men has changed. Of course, mine was a totally personal decision, and every parent has to do what's right for them, but I am so glad that I decided against circumcision; my little guy is fine, foreskin or no foreskin.
Donald Trump's presidential campaign disclosure reports declare that their buildings are worth a lot of money, in their view demonstrating phenomenal business acumen and how the Trump name adds luster. But in property tax filings Trump describes the same properties as almost worthless, asserting one of their biggest properties is in such an awful location that its retail space is unrentable— what he'd probably define as a loser.
There are multiple lessons in the different faces Trump presents to voters and tax officials that shine a light on Trump's character and conduct. There are also lessons for you if you own a home or other real property—or plan to someday—because when big property owners pay less, more of the burden falls on you.
Consider first the Trump National Golf Club Westchester, located roughly 33 miles north of Trump Tower in Manhattan. It features a 50,000 square foot, $20 million clubhouse that Trump built after they acquired the 140 acres in the late 1990s. There are 18 holes and a majestic waterfall that Trump says is 101 feet high. Trump boasts that “no expense was spared” in creating a “world class” golf course.
It is located in Briarcliff Manor village, a tony Manhattan suburb where half the homes are valued at more than $700,000, according to town assessor Fernando Gonzalez. Houses listed for sale at that price typically are between 2,200 and 3,700 square feet and sit on a fraction of an acre.
In their presidential disclosure Trump valued the golf course and its massive clubhouse at more than $50 million. In tax documents Trump valued the same property at just $1.35 million.
That is a 97% variance, an irreconcilable difference that raises yet again questions about Trump's integrity, not to mention the size of their fortune, which they have testified they value differently as their emotional state shifts, regardless of objective facts.
Trump's presidential disclosure indicates they made $10.3 million off the golf course last year and early this year. That alone should sound alarms since businesses normally sell for multiples of their profits, not a tiny fraction of profits.
A Tale of Two Numbers
This was no one-time error. Throughout their career Trump has filed official government documents that place wildly different values on properties, presenting high values to bankers, investors and the public and small numbers to tax authorities and others, such as contractors and vendors seeking payment for work they performed. They have been accused of dishonest conduct and using mismatching financial data again and again by government auditors, bankers and investors, though they negotiated civil settlements in every case, many on terms kept secret because judges sealed the files.
In mid-May, when Brian Ross, chief investigative correspondent for ABC News, was about to air two reports about the vast difference in valuations—reports in which I was featured as a tax expert—Trump upped the golf course value for tax purposes to $9 million.
While that‘s more than six times Trump's original figure, it is also at least 82% less than what they declared was “true, complete and correct” in their campaign disclosure filing, which declared the golf course is worth north of $50 million.
Understanding Property Valuation
Modest differences in property values are routine. It's best to think of real estate as falling within a range of values, but not a range with a top that is more than 37 times the bottom.
As someone who writes about taxes, I decided a few years ago to challenge the re-assessment on my home a few blocks outside Rochester, N.Y. I thought the assessment was higher than the market value of my home. I also wanted to experience the appeals process to understand it. The town and I differed by $30,000, or 9%. The town lowered my assessment by $20,000 or 6% after looking at comparable sales in my neighborhood. That's the kind of range assessors from New York to California tell me is common in appeals: single digits, not 97.3% or even 82%.
Keep in mind as you read this that the original federal levy, more than two centuries ago, was a property tax. Every farm and workshop in the original 13 states was assessed based on its size and the crops or products it could produce. The property tax is levied at the local and state level.
You might think that after 220 years of experience, taxing real estate would be based on objective measures using hard data. You might think that, but as Trump knows well, the system is easily manipulated to shift the tax burden off grand properties and onto those whose estates are not so well endowed.
You Gotta Have Friends
For those who want deep discounts, there is nothing like having friends in high places.
When Trump wanted to reduce the property taxes on the Trump International Hotel & Tower in Chicago, the presumptive Republican nominee turned to a well-connected local Democrat named Edward M. Burke.
Since 1969 Burke has served on the Chicago City Council, whose members are called aldermen. Burke also runs a business helping property owners get discounts on their property taxes. That strikes me as a conflict of interest of the first order, but Illinois law allows it.
The tower, the second tallest building in the Windy City, gets more than 1,500 separate property tax bills because many floors consist of individually owned apartments, according to the Chicago Sun-Times. The Trump Organization has said the tower, which soars more than 1,300 feet above the Chicago River, cost $847 million.
Two intrepid Chicago Sun-Times reporters added up all those property tax bills, separated out those that went to Trump and their partners and found that, thanks to Alderman Burke, team Trump got Trumpian size discounts.
Burke also sued the public schools, the city, the county and other taxing authorities for refunds of “erroneous, excessive, illegal” taxes that were so egregiously high the tax bills should be voided. This suggests that if elected, Trump will not become known as a president who fought for better education for America's children, but to pay no property taxes.
So far Burke's tactics have saved Trump and their partners $11.7 million, a 39% reduction in their total property tax bills over seven years, the Sun-Times reporters calculated. The savings may grow if Burke can squeeze refunds from the schools and other agencies.
Most intriguing is the value applied to retail space at the Trump International. It was valued at $75 million after the tower opened in 2009.
Kelly Keeling Hahn, a Burke firm lawyer, wrote that “the hotel is NOT located in the prime Michigan Avenue hotel area,” adding that “the entire retail space of the building is unleasable.”
Assuming that Hahn's letter is an accurate statement of the facts, how could Trump have become involved with such a total loser of an investment, especially given their endlessly repeated claims of exceptional prowess as a business person and real estate investor? How could they have failed to notice that the tower bearing their name in huge letters was not on the Magnificent Mile where high-end retailers flourish?
The assessor slashed the retail space property tax valuation by almost $49 million, a 65% reduction.
Whether it was Hahn's letter that proved persuasive—or the nearly $100,000 in campaign contributions Trump spread around to Mayor Rahm Emanuel, Cook County Democrats and other local pols—is unclear. What is clear is that everyone else in Chicago will pay the price for Trump's tax savings in terms of higher taxes, less government or the city taking on more debt. That's a hot issue in Chicago right now because the Emanuel administration sharply raised property tax rates to stanch red ink flowing freely across city ledgers.
When your property tax bill comes, ask yourself how much you are shouldering the burden of those who tell one government agency they are fabulously rich, but tell the tax man their properties are nothing but losers.
For more, see Trumponomics: Leave Your Logic at Home.
Pulitzer Prize winner and recipient of an IRE medal and the George Polk Award, David Cay Johnston is author of five books and the upcoming The Prosperity Tax: A New Federal Tax Code for the 21st Century Economy.  They are a Distinguished Visiting Lecturer at Syracuse University College of Law and Whitman School of Management, and also writes for The Daily Beast and Tax Notes.
Six Mainers have formally challenged Gov. Paul LePage's decision to remove a mural from the Maine Department of Labor's headquarters, with a lawsuit that their attorney said was filed electronically Friday evening in federal court.
The complaint claims that the Republican governor, Maine State Museum Director Joseph Phillips and acting Labor Commissioner Laura Boyette have violated the free-speech rights of all Mainers and failed in their fiduciary duties as government officials, said lawyer Jeffrey Young of Topsham.
Additional Photos Gov. Paul LePage: Named in federal lawsuit. The Associated Press The mural at the center of the controversy is safe and secure, says Adrienne Bennett, the governor's press secretary. Imbrogno Photography photo courtesy of Judy Taylor Studio
The lawsuit, filed in U.S. District Court in Portland, asks the court to compel LePage and the others to disclose the location of the mural, which was removed last weekend; to make sure it is adequately preserved and protected; and to return it to the lobby of the Department of Labor in Augusta.
“The governor is trying to erase the working history of the people of Maine,” Young said Friday night. “We're trying to preserve and protect the rights of the people of Maine. We don't need the governor or the government telling us what we should or shouldn't know about.”
A court official said the lawsuit wouldn't be processed until Monday. Young provided a digital copy to The Portland Press Herald.
Installed in 2008, the 36-foot-long mural depicts moments in Maine labor history, such as the 1937 shoe factory strike in Lewiston-Auburn and Rosie the Riveter at Bath Iron Works.
The mural was painted by Judy Taylor of Tremont and paid for with $60,000 in federal money that was earmarked for upgrades to the Department of Labor offices.
LePage has said that the 11-panel mural presents a one-sided view of labor history, and that they acted because some business owners had complained that the mural is hostile to employers.
Young disputes assertions that the mural is anti-business. They also question LePage's assumptions about the role of the Department of Labor.
“It's a portrayal of what people do for work in the state of Maine,” Young said. “The role of the Department of Labor is to ensure that the working people of Maine are paid appropriately, that their safety and well-being are protected in the workplace, and that they are provided benefits and assistance when they are out of work.”
Young said other departments are responsible for promoting the interests of business.
LePage staff members declined to comment on the lawsuit because they had only seen a news release about it.
“The mural remains safe and secure, awaiting transfer to a suitable venue for public display,” Adrienne Bennett, the governor's press secretary, said in a written response to a request for comment.
Bennett noted that Young works for McTeague Higbee, a law firm in Topsham that represents the AFL-CIO and employs Ben Grant, a lawyer who is chairperson of the Maine Democratic Party.
Young said they believe the mural is being stored in an electrical closet at the Department of Labor.
“That's not an appropriate place to store artwork,” they said.
The six plaintiffs are: Jonathan Beal of Portland, a labor lawyer; Don Berry of Sumner, president of the Maine AFL-CIO and head of the training committee of International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers Local 567; John Newton of Portland, an industrial hygienist with the federal Occupational Safety and Health Administration; and Robert Shetterly of Brooksville, Natasha Mayers of Whitefield and Joan Braun of Weld, all current or past members of the Union of Maine Visual Artists.
Staff Writer Kelley Bouchard can be contacted at 791-6328 or at:
[email protected]
Share
Photo credit: designboom Pekka Salokannel's Gramo Speaker concept is an eco -- and aural -- treat.
They've been specifically designed for a digital music lifestyle. They can cozy up to your laptop, transform into a tabletop speaker, or be taken on a picnic along with your iPod. Oh yeah, and they're powered completely by three layers of photovoltaic panels!
And for any nocturnal booty-shaking you might have planned, the solar panels charge an internal battery pack . But it's their portability that's the real win. The speakers can completely unfold so they are flat enough to carry around in your pocket.
Photo credit: designboom
Both its design and name were inspired the gramophone, a device that makes the 8-track look like an iPod. But the similarities end there.
Of course this isn't the first time we've seen eco-friendly speakers, or even the first ultra portable set. But Gramo's are more than just paper cups and string!
But if the Gramo isn't your thing, there's always this option.
Photo credit: Nicholas Moenich
Via Ecofriend.
Guest blogger Jerry James Stone is web developer, part-time blogger, and a full-time environmentalist who works at Care2..
Berkeleyside was honored for overall excellence in online news at an awards ceremony organized by the San Francisco Press Club on Thursday night.
It was the 40th year for the press club's Greater Bay Area Journalism Awards. Press clubs in several other cities judged the awards.
The entire Berkeleyside team won first-place awards in the digital media division for overall excellence, and also for breaking news, for coverage of the November 2016 election.
Berkeleyside writers Frances Dinkelspiel and Emilie Raguso, and freelancer Alix Wall, also won first-place awards for individual stories in the digital media division.
Dinkelspiel's extensive reporting on the wine Ponzi scheme John Fox ran through their Berkeley wine store, Premier Cru, was selected as the winner in the series or continuing coverage category.
Raguso's “Berkeley police emphasize ‘culture of de-escalation‘” won first place in the general news category, and their story “Unstoppable: Berkeley cyclist's miraculous recovery after crash that nearly killed her” won in the profile category.
Wall's “Rubicon Bakers rebuilds lives, bakes cakes” took first place in the light-nature feature category.
Dinkelspiel and Raguso also received third-place recognition in the investigative category for their 2016 coverage of homelessness in Berkeley. That coverage was recognized previously by the NorCal Society of Professional Journalists for its comprehensive nature.
According to Antonia Ehlers, president of the San Francisco Press Club, there were more entries for this year's awards event than there ever have been in the past: More than 300 entries were submitted in TV, print, radio, digital media and public relations. It was the first year Berkeleyside entered the awards contest.
“We are here to celebrate the exceptional work you do throughout the year,” Ehlers told ceremony attendees Thursday night. “We know how hard you work — the late-night deadlines, breaking stories and the ever-changing pace of news. You do your best every day to tell your stories with honesty and integrity.”
Press clubs in Milwaukee, San Diego, Orange County and Cleveland acted as judges for the event, “and the judges certainly were impressed with your work,” Ehlers told the crowd.
The event emcee was Tara Moriarty of KTVU news. The 2017 Lifetime Achievement Award recipient was David Louie of ABC 7. The San Francisco Press Club Service Award recipient was “radio legend Peter Cleveland.”
Read more about the awards on the Press Club website.
Content Warning for: talk of suicidal thoughts.
“How did that even happen again?”
It was late for Remi, back in Germany, but they were awake. I had plenty of people in Germany that I could call, if I caught them at the right time, but they would understand the most.
“It was my fault,” I said. “I mean, it wasn't really a breakup, but it feels like one…it feels even worse.”
“Was they that cute?” they asked.
“I…that's not the point. Can't you talk me through this? I feel miserable.”
“We moved our game nights to Tuesdays,” said Remi. “I can try–”
“What is going on there? You're the only one who hasn't put down a card.”
“Aww babe, you seriously have nothing to try and answer who invented linoleum?” Layla asked. Then I knew what game they were playing.
Back in uni, one of our friends had an incomplete apple to Apples game, with all its green cards missing. We absorbed the red cards into a Trivial Pursuit box and played a hybrid game. Get a question, pick your best or wildest “answer” from the six cards you have. The judge for that round picks the winner. They advance on the board. It became tradition and helped us relax before Warhammer 40K.
And I was the one to interrupt it by being sad.
They put their phone down on the table, and I could barely hear him. “It's Axel,” they said, in a low voice. “He broke up.”
“Wait, again?”
“Well, got fired by their cute boss.”
“Shit.”
“She's…really captivating,” I said. “You wouldn't understand.”
“Put down a card!”
“But they sound broken up over this.”
It was faint over the phone, but Remi and Layla had not switched up their board game buddies since I left. They still played with Jakob and Kaiser from our Operating Systems class. I thought they'd have a little more sympathy, though.
“I'm taking this outside,” said Remi. They slapped a card down on the table. “And it sounds like something MLK Jr. would invent.”
“You're not going to hurt yourself, are you?” Remi asked me. I could hear nothing but them and the nighttime breeze in the background. “I'm scared of that. You've been a wreck since…you know…I kind of wish I talked you out of this.”
“No…but I've never felt this bad,” I said. “I just didn't think I'd feel like this about her.”
“And your aunt and your cousins are still there?”
“I'm never alone here.”
“Fine. I can leave you alone…I'm not happy about it, but I will. You're still ready for a raid tomorrow?”
I dried the one tear from my cheek. “I'll be up at 8 for it.”
It was noontime and I was still shirtless, in my pajama pants, and having not even left my bed. Elle was up and ready for work an hour ago. They were about to leave, but not without saying goodbye to Penny.
I finally felt it. Elle could find love and I couldn't. Straight girls outnumbered lesbians in this city by a huge margin, ninety-nine to one. They had an open mind, and I happened to be obsessed with the most unattainable one.
A few days had passed and I couldn't stop thinking about Thu. I missed the smell of their apartment, especially after I cooked dinner. I missed their guarded excitement over trying a food they gave up years before. I missed the notification ding they would get on their tablet from new emails. I set up my MacBook to do the same, but who would email me?
Why did Thu have to be so perfect as they opened up, like a shy spring blossom? Now they were curled up on their bed that I never saw, with an unknown fate. I stores of rice and pickles would last only so long.
I did my part. I called some Cosavo employees asking if they were cared for. Some shrugged. Others assured me they were fine. They still had family and friends. A few believed Anthony still cared about her, and that they would trust them with food.
It was optimistic from them. But it left me feeling no better.
—
During the summer, Lien had more free days. That meant Alice could save money on daycare by giving Isaac to their favorite grandmother. They were an easy to please, focused kid, who could play with the toys in their room for hours. But like any three year-old, they still needed supervision.
While I was jobless yet again, that could be my household duty. Isaac had a set of blocks that never got put away.
“What are you trying to tell me?” I asked him, while rubbing my chin.
“Crab!” They indeed had that block in their tiny hand. “You're a crab.”
“Good job! I have been crabby lately.”
Though, to be fair, they then called me a pan.
“Are you kids having fun?” Lien asked, taking a break in their rapid-fire typing. They spent much of their days off doing exactly what they taught. They even taught classes in their pajamas before. The college did not care what a tenured professor wore.
Lien was now the only person I had to answer to. I paid their weekly rent, and listened to their sage old wisdom at dinner. And while I could keep my feelings from Isaac, I needed an adult to talk with. It was why I called Remi, but as I thought about it, Lien was a far better choice.
I sat on their bed.
“Is this still bothering you?” they asked me.
“…I don't know how it can't,” I said.
“Especially because you're back to square one with getting a Visa…and I can't be nice about rent forever.” Inappropriately, they were still smiling.
“I know…but…why does it feel like everything's over? I know they were just an employer, but I thought we had something together. Now I don't even feel like being…” Isaac was nearby, still listening. I didn't want to give them any bad ideas in a language they were starting to understand.
“…am Leben.”
They took a seat next to me.
“Are you really feeling that way?” Lien asked me, in a near-whispering tone. “Because we can get help. There's the hospital, counseling services–”
“No…I mean…I know I shouldn't feel like that over this. But it's…I have feelings for them Very strong ones.”
“Oh no…well, I should have seen it coming. Since the reason you're here is…”
“…I haven't even thought about Ragnhild lately,” I said to them “I don't know how I'm supposed to feel about Thu. Like…you know…if it's right to even feel this way.”
“Maybe it isn't,” they said. “But wishing for…ihr Tod…I am going to take that seriously. Like I wish people did for me!”
That corner of the room was silent. Isaac still babbled to their toy helicopter, though.
“…Lien?”
They sighed. “You remember my brother, right?” Of course I did. Hien used to visit us in Germany a lot, but they took on more duties in their diocese. And Mẹ had little use for their religion, as time wore on. But they were still happy whenever they called. “This was eight years ago, or around there. The twins were in fourth grade.”
—
What I already knew was that Lien and their twin brother used to be close. They were close in Vietnam. And when they and Mẹ arrived in Germany, with the clothes on their back and a modest amount of đồng to exchange for the local currency, they were still inseparable.
Hien, as a gangly and gap-toothed teenager, had a lot of priorities. They liked to make Lien laugh and was always successful with it.
And when it came to advice, kindness, and forgiveness, they once overflowed with that too.
Even on a difficult first night, huddled around a bonfire on the beach, the future in Germany looked bright for the Nguyen siblings. It was clear they would find their way in jobs and education, after a difficult first year selling cigarettes on the street.
I've said before how it ended. They went on disparate paths. Lien, the brilliant programmer and teacher, who married American-born Adam. Thanh, my mother and Windenburg's favorite dentist, who stayed there. And Hien, the priest who turned down work in Rome so they could instead take an appointment in Loiolak. Right next to their favorite sister.
I knew that they and Lien drifted apart too. I figured it was natural. That, ever so conveniently, it happened before Lien's life deviated from what their brother's religion preached. Divorce and a gay daughter they encouraged? It was all better done without Hien hovering so close. They grew harder. Was it the other two priests in the rectory? Their community? It made them sad, a little bit, but didn't bother them until one particular moment.
Them feelings about being Catholic all came to a head fast, and right in front of their brother. It had nothing to do with their shaky marriage and Elle. For one, they grew disillusioned with the typical Loiolak Catholic. They started running back to traditional dogmas. And Lien was always a relaxed, open person. They listened to whoever could string together an argument. They worked with a diverse staff at Morterero, in every sense of the word. It was almost a fault. They had little of a solid ideology of their own.
They and Hien were both born into the same dogmatic, centralized faith. It worked for them and not them Simple stuff.
And yet, the big reason for a rift was something much more dangerous to talk about…
“…there's no place for Catholicism in politics anyways! And you're telling me I'm damning myself if I vote for a theocrat?”
Ah, President Ritterman. Yeah, they sucked. Us Germans hadn't had that much fun making fun of a president in a while. But their two terms were up this year, and their damage was largely undone by four years of a House that bipartisanly hated their guts. Still, they drew in almost all of the Vietnamese-American vote. Except for Lien, who got hooked on the Greens for a cycle. Their candidate spoke at SM State and they were amazed.
“And you want this country to be run like Vietnam instead?”
“Maybe it would have been fine for us there if we weren't Catholics!”
It was an afternoon after Mass. Adam and their kids, save for college-happy Alice, still tolerated it. They could all play chess afterwards on the outdoors table. Lien usually joined.
But all it took was two minutes for them to want to take back them words.
And they could have. Forgiveness was Hien's job.
—
“…but I haven't spoken to them since,” they said. “And for a while, it killed me.”
“And you?”
They sighed. “No one wanted to listen to me for a while either, until that two-week hospital stay. So I'm lucky that I'm still here today.”
They must have noticed that I looked just as miserable.
“Listen, Axel, you're still so young. I was almost fifty and made a fool of myself in front of my own brother. Life went on for me. I have four wonderful kids, and the best grandson. Imagine what life can mean for you.”
“Are you sure?”
Lien got up.
“I'm sure.”
A/N: Vietnamese-Americans are a very reliable conservative voting block because many of them are refugees of their government. And at least in my experience, it goes doubly-so for Catholic Vietnamese-Americans, since Catholicism isn't strictly socially-conservative (especially compared to other Christian sects in America) but is hard about supporting some socially-conservative ideas at the expense of the rest.
I have plenty of sympathy for conservative refugee voters. But as a baby-killing leftist, there is a rift. 😛 Though I think most ideologies are “broken clocks” at their very worst. Please don't let this be my politically-controversial chapter! My mum and their many Catholic friends (including their actual Vietnamese Catholic Priest buddy) have some friendly and not-so-friendly disagreements over [CURRENT US POLITICAL EVENTS] and I put that into Lien and Hien's rift. I disagree with my mum on a lot too but I sympathize with them on that “schism”.
Buon Ricordo owner Armando Percuoco. Source: buonricordo.com.au
Three girls walk into a restaurant and order water…
It sounds like a joke, but the godfather of Italian food in Sydney, chef Armando Percuoco, isn't sure whether to laugh or cry.
It happened last night at Buon Ricordo, Percuoco's famed Italian restaurant in the swank inner-Sydney suburb of Paddington.
The trio, in their early 20s, ordered three dishes, including Buon Ricordo's most famous dish, the fettucine with truffled egg, which the waiter chops and tosses at the table.
It was a celebration, so they brought a cake from celebrity patissier Adriano Zumbo, but did lash out and asked for some ice cream on the side.
They brought their own candle.
Now Buon Ricordo isn't Bill and Toni's. It's not cheap. A main course costs close to $50. The six-course degustation is $130. The wine list starts at $50 and goes all the way to a 1962 Grange for $2100. A good meal for two will set you back around $300.
The young women spent $99 between them. They didn't leave a tip.
There's a name for this type of customer. They're called “scenesters”.
Percuoco said the women took photos of the food and spent a lot of time on their phones texting.
Buon Ricordo's famed fettucine with truffled egg. Source: buonricordo.com.au
Guests like that have them wondering how much longer the restaurant they started in 1987 can keep going.
“If I have to continue in this fashion, then I may as well close the doors,” Percuoco told Business Insider.
“Unfortunately, I can't afford to feed people like that when I'm also spending money on a tablecloth, waiters and offering complimentary bruschetta, bread and olive oil.”
It's not an isolated incident, they said, with another table of five women recently sharing 3 entrees between them, washed down with the excellent current vintage of Chateau Warragamba, compliments of the house.
“If it was once in a blue moon, I would not be saying anything,” Percuoco said. “What do I do? I'm sure it's not only me.”
It seems he's not alone, with Brisbane restaurant Freestyle Tout declaring this week that customers must order at least one meal each.
Owner Martin Duncan told The Courier Mail that they “can't survive with people using us as a meeting place”.
“It doesn't sustain my business if they just drink tap water,” they said.
The Fortitude Valley restaurant is known for its desserts and is a popular late night hang out, but like Percuoco, Duncan's struggling to get the money they need to stay profitable from their frugal diners.
“When people are waiting to get in, when you have big tables having only a couple of desserts and water, I feel for the customers (outside),” they said.
At least they don't bring their own dessert.
Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join
Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.
President Donald Trump on Saturday appears to have unwittingly retweeted a Twitter user who built a public profile using a network of fake identities and stolen photos to hawk pro-Trump merchandise. While vacationing at their private golf club in Bedminster, New Jersey, Trump retweeted and thanked a supporter they referred to as "Nicole," who appeared to be a young black woman and devoted fan.
"Trump working hard for the American people.....thanks," read the tweet from user @Protrump45, which has used display names including Nicole, Nicole Mincey, and BlackGirlPatriot. The president quoted their tweet to their 35 million followers and added, "Thank you Nicole!" Getting acknowledged by Trump on Twitter is huge — people clamor to get high up in Trump's @ mentions, not only because of their large following but because of potential retweets, follows, recognition from news outlets, and more.
The Twitter account linked to the website ProTrump45, which sells pro-Trump T-shirts, hoodies, and hats, and hosts a pro-Trump blog. The site also offers businesses an opportunity to advertise on the site, and sells sponsored blog posts, tweets and emails. The online store was promoted with Twitter and Instagram accounts, some of which told the personal story of "Nicole Mincey," ProTrump45's purported founder. According to those accounts, as well as a ProTrump45.com post titled "Learn About Nicole Mincey," they are a 21-year-old black female entrepreneur from New Jersey, who had been a liberal until switching their loyalties to President Trump. "This black trump supporter goes above and beyond to reveal the hypocrisy of liberals and help trump supporters no matter where in america they are show their Trump pride," said the post. Similar accounts have also appeared on websites that allow readers to add their own content, including in a blog post on Medium, a sponsored post on the Daily Caller, and a community post on BuzzFeed that is no longer online.
#6 They aren't a real person.
Following Trump's retweet Saturday, people on social media began to question whether @Protrump45 was a bot, and identified the user's profile photo as that of a model whose picture appeared on Placeit, a site that sells mockups of tech and products such as T-shirts with users' custom logos and designs.
The Twitter user @Rschooley also noted that other Twitter accounts that promoted @Protrump45 with retweets and replies were also using photos of models from Placeit as their avatars.
Something's a bit odd about their bio shot.
By Sunday evening, Twitter had suspended @Protrump45 and other associated accounts. And in a series of tweets, PlaceIt said the company believes that the Twitter accounts that promoted @Protrump45 and used images of Placeit models were associated with a single person or group.
In an interview with BuzzFeed News, Placeit founder and CEO Navid Safabakhsh said that when they learned someone was using Placeit images to create fake personas and promote Trump merchandise, they thought they might be dealing with professional online scammers, possibly from outside the United States. A little digging turned up just four or five accounts using stock image photos that promoted each other and ProTrump45.com merchandise, they said. “It's very obvious they're coming from the same place,” they said. “They promoted the same products.”
Those are who are using Placeit models to create bot accounts are committing identify fraud. We will be reporting every single one of them.
What is not clear is who was actually behind the accounts. Because while Twitter detectives have been quick to label @Protrump45 a "bot," the reality appears to be a bit more complicated.
BuzzFeed News spoke to a 21-year-old woman in New Jersey associated with the @Protrump45 handle, who said that the account and the pro-Trump store connected to it were actually run by a collective of about 10 Trump supporters spread across the United States. BuzzFeed News was unable to independently verify the existence of any other members of the group cited by the woman. According to the woman, the "Nicole Mincey" character was created using a variation of their name, and some of their biographical information. The @Protrump45 account frequently used the name, but the woman claimed they were never in control of the account, though they did post on the site's blog using the alias. The Mincey character was used as a "marketing tool," they said, explaining that the group chose to use aspects of their identity, "because I'm black, so it's easier to market black people [as Trump supporters]." They also said the Mincey character was also adopted by another black woman in the group, who used it during an interview with the conservative radio show Trending Today USA in May, in which they spoke about being a young, black Trump supporter. The woman who spoke with BuzzFeed News claims not to have made any money off the venture. They said that the ProTrump45 business really took off after they bought fake followers for the main Twitter account, and when they bought ads on Twitter in May. "It grew pretty fast and then [a group member] bought some Twitter followers and it grew even faster," they said. They said they were asked to join the group after posting pro-Trump memes on their personal Instagram. They left the group in June, they said, after the university they attend contacted them about a "scam" being run in their name. "They asked did I want to be part of a group where you could be a [Trump] supporter and not disclose your identity, and I joined and here I am today in the middle of this mess," they said. They claimed that they asked the group to stop using the derivation of their name in its social media accounts, and only found out that it had not after Trump retweeted @Protrump45 Saturday. "The whole thing fell apart because I didn't want to come out and say I was one of the members," they said. "The Twitter account was the main source of the traffic so I don't know what they're going to do."
The push to suspend the accounts came primarily from Safabakhsh, the PlaceIt CEO, who likened the use of the models' images to identity fraud. They said that once Twitter was notified about the accounts, they acted quickly to suspend them. But the process of finding the fake accounts and reporting them was complicated, they said. Ultimately, they said, they could only succeed in getting accounts taken down when they could name the model being impersonated. “I really think there should be some sort of crowdsourced bot investigation tool,” they said. Because of Twitter detectives tipped off by Trump's retweet, they said, “we were able to find them and track them down much faster.” Asked about the suspended accounts, a spokesperson for Twitter referred BuzzFeed News to the company's blog post on fake news, bots, and misinformation. "We, as a company, should not be the arbiter of truth. Journalists, experts and engaged citizens Tweet side-by-side correcting and challenging public discourse in seconds," the post said. "These vital interactions happen on Twitter every day, and we're working to ensure we are surfacing the highest quality and most relevant content and context first." Regarding bots and spammy accounts in particular, the company said it works internally to detect them — and its methods are intentionally not publicized to keep people from circumventing them. "When we do detect duplicative, or suspicious activity, we suspend accounts," the blog post said. "We also frequently take action against applications that abuse the public API to automate activity on Twitter, stopping potentially manipulative bots at the source." In the meantime, Trump's retweet of @Protrump45 remains up on the president's feed. The White House declined to comment. But despite their promotion of a supporter who seems to be faking at least some aspects of their life, Trump did take time Monday to send several tweets railing against "Fake News."
Futurama has made a thing of coming back from the grave of cancellation a few times. And while it isn't coming back to the TV screens any time soon (at least not with any new stuff, repeats can always be found somewhere, though), the recently released iOS game Futurama: Worlds of Tomorrow has led to some renewed hope for something else new.
In a Reddit Ask Me Anything, the series' former executive producer David X. Cohen stated that fans can expect an imminent announcement on the Futurama front.
“There are no new TV episodes or movies in the pipeline at the moment. HOWEVER, here and now I promise a different avenue of exciting Futurama news later this summer, no kidding. Keep your expectations modest and you will be pleased, possibly. I am not allowed to say more or I will be lightly phasered.”
So just what could it be? If it's a “different avenue”, it's hard to think of something Futurama hasn't yet done. After all, to go along with the TV series, there's been direct to TV movies, comics, video games, now a mobile game, and all kinds of toys and merchandise, so what else is there to do?
Could there be a cinematic release in the future? Books? Just what else could it be?
Well, it would seem we probably won't have to long to find out, as it the announcement is coming this summer and we're already in July…well, we don't have much summer left. And you know, San Diego Comic Con is fast approaching.
Futurama: Worlds of Tomorrow is available to download and play now, and features the voice cast from the show.
About Joe Glass has been contributing to Bleeding Cool for about four years. He's been a roaming reporter at shows like SDCC and NYCC, and also has a keen LGBTQ focus, with their occasional LGBTQ focus articles, Tales from the Four Color Closet.  They are also now Bleeding Cool's Senior Mutant Correspondent thanks to their obsession with Marvel's merry mutants. Joe is also a comics creator, writer of LGBTQ superhero team series, The Pride, the first issue of which was one of the Top 25 ComiXology Submit Titles of 2014.  They are also a co-writer on Stiffs, a horror comedy series set in South Wales about call centre workers who hunt the undead by night. One happens to be a monkey. Just because.
(Last Updated )
Related Posts
George Cushingberry Jr., who collects an annual $50,000 tax-funded pension and is a practicing attorney, managed to bury themselves into debt with unpaid taxes, credit card bills and mortgages on two homes in Detroit, one in Lansing and another at a resort in Orlando, Fla., according to bankruptcy records obtained by the Motor City Muckraker.
The former state lawmaker and pastor exited personal bankruptcy just five days before they won the Aug. 6 primary election for a seat on the Detroit City Council this year. They owed more than $530,000 to about three dozen creditors, including the IRS.
The Cush, as they call himself, claimed in their October 2011 bankruptcy filing that they were unable to pay their debts, which included $5,750 in monthly mortgage payments for homes at 18201 Cherrylawn and 8625 Marygrove in Detroit, 3200 Hepfer in Lansing and Westgate Resorts in Orland, Fla.
The filing came just 10 months after they served their last term in the state House in 2010, where they were making $79,600 a year.
When Cushingberry, now 61, filed for bankruptcy, they declared they were only making $25,000 annually as an attorney and $50,000 from their pension as a legislator. They didn't claim any pension income from serving on the Wayne County Board of Commissioners from 1983-99.
Cushingberry stated their only money was $3,500 in cash. Their assets included $600 in guns, $2,000 in fishing equipment and $1,000 in clothes.
They also are accused of “knowingly or fraudulently” failing to declare three cars, according to bankruptcy records.
Cushingberry, who was 21 when they became the youngest elected state representative in Michigan history in 1974, didn't respond to requests for an interview.
In their second week in office, Cushingberry has caused quite the stir. He's accused of trying to flee police after leaving a bar Tuesday – just hours after they – or now they say a staffer – told the Detroit News to “go to hell” for writing a critical editorial about their ability to lead.
In the state Legislature, Cushingberry was a trailblazer for civil rights and other social justice causes. They sponsored legislation to ban bullying, expand early voting and offer new opportunities for felons.
But a review of their voting record shows they often had the worst attendance in the House. They failed to vote on numerous controversial bills, such as several smoking bans, a prohibition on late-term abortion, a second bridge to Canada and public school reform.When they held the powerful post of chair of the House Appropriations Committee in 2009, Cushingberry missed 114 votes.
Cushingberry's time as an attorney also was marked with trouble. In 2000, then-Attorney General Jennifer Granholm fired them from a Wayne County post that involved handling the estates of people without a family or will. Granholm's office accused Cushingberry of mishandling hundreds of thousands of dollars.
The Attorney Discipline Board reprimanded Cushingberry in 2002 and 2005 for unprofessional conduct.
In 2005, the next attorney general, Mike Cox, filed criminal charges against Cushingberry for alleged campaign finance violations, but the charges were later dismissed.
Outside of politics, Cushingberry is an assistant pastor with the Northwest Unity Baptist Church, where he'll be preaching at 11 a.m. today.
“Church is where I find my strength,” Cushingberry said Saturday on 1440 AM.
The libels against Milo Yiannopoulos continue, but the still, small voice of truth is speaking also. Those who were deceived innocently at first now have no excuse.
Within hours, an unedited version of the year-old conversation used to libel Milo was available, as were leaks from the press revealing that the attack was deliberate, coordinated, and duplicitous.
If any man looks at the evidence, pro and con, and decides Milo is secretly an advocate for pedophilia rather than a victim of it and a public crusader whose work has put three pedophiles behind bars, I will not argue the point. At least they looked at the evidence.
A man who condemns, sight unseen, a fellow human soul, taking the word of the Fake New media as gospel, that man has let partisanship overmaster their conscience and common sense.
They have joined a mob. They have joined the Two Minute Hate.
A question for my fellow Catholics: when is the last time, on a nationally syndicated program of any kind, you heard a popular voice praising the Catholic Church, or saying they are right about everything?
I can answer for myself: it was Milo, on Bill Maher, and in their speeches in colleges, freely available on the internet.
And before that? I can name no one. I am not old enough to remember Fulton Sheen.
Are they a shameful and terrible spokesperson for our beautiful Church? Yes, indeed, I fear they are. When I get to heaven, I will certainly chide Saint Mary Magdalene the whore and St. Matthew the tax-gathering collaborator, wag my finger under their noses, and demand to know why persons of doubtful morals speak up for Christ, embarrassing the righteous and the just.
Or maybe I will certainly not. I am too acutely conscious of my own sins and shortcomings to cast the first stone.
It is true that Milo jokes about homosex in a fashion that makes light of an abomination. But it is not for this that they are on the receiving end of the Two Minute Hate.
It is because they will not bow to the violent and bloodthirsty idol called Political Correctness, who is a jealous goddess, and will have no other gods before them
Personally, I sincerely hope Milo confesses their sins, repents, and stops offering scandal to the heathens. Based on their public comments, they sincerely hope so as well.
In the meanwhile, all the usual suspects are reporting, as news, that Milo is over and done. The same story with the same headline allegedly coming from independent stories is propping up an agreed-upon narrative.
Bill Maher is taking bows for having permanently silenced Milo, something paid rioters were not able to do. Ironic, considering they were not involved in the character assassination, but instead gave Milo a boost in the public eye, after they and their guests melted into frothing, foul-mouthed incoherence on camera, combining ‘oaf' with ‘offal'.
But Mr. Maher's vaunting is merely one drop in the shower of self-congratulation.
Anyone who has read Vox Day's grim and insightful SJWs ALWAYS LIE will recognize this ritual at once. After the ritual denunciation of the unperson, the warren gathers together for a ritual triumph, and marches in lockstep around the city thrice, flourishing the effigy of their foe's severed heads on pikestaffs, pretending victory.
Is it victory? We shall see. Much depends on Milo's grit, which, in times past, has been admirable, even remarkable.
In the meanwhile, the mock outrage of the artificially generated scandal based on a lie has had the predictable effect of generating more book sales for Milo (and, as it happens, for me).
Scrolling down, we see:
FORBIDDEN THOUGHTS has gone up several thousand spots in rank since the mock outrage at the contrived scandal hit.
While this hardly takes the sting out of the gross and barbaric sight of hooting tribes of howler monkeys savaging a victim of sexual child abuse at the one spot in their psychology where they are no doubt most vulnerable, accusing them of being a supporter of the very abuse they suffered and fights, nevertheless, a certain sour sense of satisfaction is in order, for it also hints at the futility of the effort.
Adams Opens Borough Hall For World Series
Brooklyn Borough President Eric L. Adams yesterday invited Brooklynites and New Yorkers to come together with their neighbors and watch their hometown New York Mets play in the 2015 World Series at community centers, houses of worship, and other public spaces across the city.
Dubbing their initiative “Watch Together, Win Together,” Adams, an avowed Mets fan, is inviting residents to watch Game 1 of the World Series, in which the Mets face the Kansas City Royals, at Brooklyn Borough Hall tomorrow evening.
“When we watch together, we win together,” said Adams. “Sports are an incredible unifying force. Cheering as one community in one place strengthens the bonds that hold us together as a city, bonds that we often take for granted. As the Amazins take the field to vie for their first World Series title in nearly thirty years, I encourage Brooklynites and New Yorkers to enjoy the experience with one another. Furthermore, I ask our civic and religious institutions, as well as other sites where residents regularly gather, to consider opening their doors for people to watch together, an act that will ensure we win together regardless of the final score.”
The public is invited to watch Game 1 of the World Series at Brooklyn Borough Hall, with the doors opening to the public at 7:30 p.m. The game is scheduled to begin at 8:07 p.m. Refreshments will be available and special guests will be present.
Treyger Spearheads Cleanup In Southwest Brooklyn
Coney Island City Council Member Mark Treyger will join Southwest Assembly Member William Colton and representatives from the Doe Fund, Wildcat Service Corporation, the Alliance for Coney Island, and the Kings Highway Beautification Association, as well as merchants and small business owners from the community to announce the allocation of more than $130,000 for scheduled cleaning of 86th Street in Bensonhurst, Avenue U in Gravesend, and Mermaid Avenue in Coney Island, thanks to funding secured through the City Council's Cleanup NYC Initiative.
“The Cleanup NYC Initiative is one of the most successful initiatives to come out of the City Council,” said Treyger. “Cleanliness is one of the top neighborhood complaints my staff and I receive, and to be able to directly respond to that by beautifying our neighborhood with scheduled cleanups is something we can all be proud of. This is a win-win for both residents and small businesses, which rely on clean and attractive commercial corridors that are enticing for potential customers.”
Cleaning services will take place four times a week on 86th Street, between 18th and 26th Avenues, and three times a week on Avenue U, between McDonald Avenue and Ocean Parkway. Cleaning on Mermaid Avenue, between Stillwell Avenue and West 33rd Street, will take place on Monday, Wednesday, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday. This service compliments the scheduled cleaning of Surf Avenue, funded by the Alliance for Coney Island.
Treyger also allocated funds for cleaning along 18th Avenue one day a week, as well.
The kickoff for the cleanup is slated for 10:30 a.m., today at the corner of 86th Street and 20th Avenue (near McDonald's).
Cymbrowitz Adds Their Voice Against Anti-Muslim Rhetoric
Sheepshead Bay Assemblyman Steven Cymbrowitz condemned the anti-Muslim rhetoric spewed by Donald Trump, which prompted a Daily News photo next to the Turkish American Eyüp Sultan Cultural Center in Brighton Beach.
This prompted Brooklyn Borough President Eric Adams to visit the cultural center last week and also condemn Trump's remarks and the photo in the Daily News. Whole Cymbrowitz was unable to make that event they issued the following statement.
“The kind of anti-Muslim rhetoric spewed by Donald Trump this week accomplishes one thing only. It makes us redouble our efforts to fight acts of bigotry and hateful language, which represent the antithesis of who we are in Brooklyn. Intolerance has no place here, and it never will. Many thanks to Borough President Eric Adams for organizing today's rally to show our solidarity for the Muslim community.
“Our friends at the Turkish American Eyüp Sultan Cultural Center in Brighton Beach have no reason to be concerned about their future, just as our friends at our other mosques, synagogues and churches all over Brooklyn have no reason to be concerned about their future. We all share a home in Brooklyn, and ignorant, rage-filled words cannot threaten your existence or shake the strong foundation of mutual respect that exists in our borough.
“So why take the time to speak out against some meaningless rhetoric? We speak out because any act of hatred deserves to be condemned. Failure to voice our outrage only provides an atmosphere for hatred to fester not just against one ethnic or religious group but against other ethnic and religious groups too. If they threaten to shut down mosques, we know that synagogues won't be far behind.”
Squadron, Velazquez, Montgomery, Simon Honor Millman
Northern Brooklyn Lawmakers State Senator Daniel Squadron, Congresswoman NydiaVelázquez, Senator Velmanette Montgomery, Assemblymember Jo Anne Simon as well as Community Board representatives, and community members will honor former Assemblymember Joan Millman today for their 17 years of service in the New York State Assembly with a State Senate Resolution and proclamations.
Squadron introduced the State Senate Resolution which passed the State Senate unanimously this June. Among their other accomplishments, the Resolution noted the former Assemblymember's strong presence in the district, commitment to senior and education issues, and role as the Eileen C. Dugan Senior Center's biggest cheerleader. The senior center is named after the late Assemblymember Eileen C. Dugan, Millman's predecessor in the State Assembly.
The event is slated for 11:30 a.m., today at the Eileen C. Dugan Amico Senior Center, 378 Court St (between President & Carroll).
Persaud Hosts Superstorm Sandy Town Hall
Canarsie Assembly Member Roxanne Persaud will host a Town Hall meeting tonight on Superstorm Sandy from 7-9 p.m. tonight at the Hebrew Educational Society, 9502 Seaview Avenue.
Then tomorrow, Persaud will host a Domestic Violence Workshop. That meeting is slated for 9-11 a.m., at the Breukelen Head Start, 715 East 105th Street.
For further information call (718) 252-2124.
Velázquez Announces New Legislation Reducing Number of Guns
Northern Brooklyn Crongresswoman Nydia M. Velázquez today will announce new legislation aimed at reducing the number of guns on New York streets and stemming gun violence nationwide.
Velázquez will be joined by Central Brooklyn Congress Member Hakeem Jeffries, Brooklyn Borough President Eric L. Adams, Brooklyn District Attorney Ken Thompson, gun control advocates, other elected officials and family members of gun violence victims.
The announcement is slated for 1 p.m. on the steps of City Hall in Manhattan.
For example, graduate student James Burkett found that the observing vole would match the behavior of its stressed partner, even though it hadn't itself experienced any stress. It would groom itself repeatedly. It froze whenever it heard a tone that heralded an incoming shock. And it even developed higher levels of stress hormones.
Given that, you could argue that grooming and licking is just a simple way of alleviating stress, rather than a sign of anything empathetic. But that can't be right, because the shocked vole—the one that had actually been stressed—didn't groom its partner any more than usual. It was the observer that pulled out the stops.
Skeptics might also argue that the stressed voles were simply releasing pheromones that triggered caring behavior in the observers. That can't be right either, because the voles only consoled partners and cagemates, but not strangers. Like us, they show biases in their empathy, directing it more towards familiar individuals.
Also, meadow voles, a closely related species that mates promiscuously and doesn't form lasting bonds, don't show any signs of consolation. Only the monogamous prairie voles do, and even then only to their own partners. “It seems like a very specific adaptation to social living,” says Young.
Indeed, they found that the prairie voles would console each other the very first time they were tested. That's crucial; in studies like these, animals often have the chance to learn a behavior or pick it up through conditioning. Not so here: The voles reacted automatically. “It's very clean,” says Peggy Mason from the University of Chicago, who led the earlier study of rescuing rats. “Somehow, the vole is effectively communicating its stressed affect to another vole very effectively. That's the umbrella definition of empathy.”
But Young carefully notes that “we're not saying that these animals experience empathy in the same way as us.” They break it up into two kinds. There's cognitive empathy, where individuals put themselves in the shoes of another individual—and there's no evidence that the voles are doing that. Then, there's emotional empathy, which Young describes as a “more of a gut, instinctual feeling that we're not cognizant of.” That's what they see in the voles.
Daniel Povinelli from the University of Louisiana at Lafayette is unimpressed with that distinction. “You can call it empathy if you want,” they say, “but if empathy does not mean reasoning about the emotional life of another, it doesn't have a whole lot of force."
Alex Kacelnik from the University of Oxford, who studies animal cognition, is more enthusiastic. They were skeptical about the rat-rescue study, which they feel didn't prove that rodents show empathy and overinterpreted the data. “This is not the case here,” they say. “This shows that the study of emotional states in other species is possible and useful.”
First of all, before I start the review, I want to apologise (to anyone who might be checking this blog regularly, which I realise is probably not many) for my recent absence on the blogging front. I moved house a couple of weeks ago and got distracted with that and other stuff over the last month, which along with writer's block didn't do great things for my blog plans. I'm getting back on the wagon now though, and I'll try my best to keep things a little less erratic from now on!
To get myself back into all this writing malarkey, I thought I'd start off with something that's definitely caught my attention over the last few weeks- Morrissey's new album, World Peace Is None of Your Business, which was officially released on Monday 14th of July. I talked briefly about my love for Moz in my first post, and thought that now I've listened to the album multiple times and really had time to think about it, this release would be perfect for writing my first music review. The review is written on a track-by-track basis—because I'm pedantic and like to waffle—but I'll be summarising my general thoughts and overall verdict at the end of the post, so skip to that bit if you want a TLDR. My ‘best bits' of each track will be the bits in red. Also, I've never written any kind of music review before, so please be gentle!
1 ‘World Peace Is None of Your Business'
The record's unabashedly political opening number begins with drums, bells, tribal beats, and…wait, is that a digeridoo? It's certainly not a standard combination of instruments for a Morrissey song, but the musical inventiveness is a sign of good things to come on the rest of the album. The booming instrumental overture then segues into an anthemic pastiche of how the world's population are, for the most part, encouraged to accept political and social injustices without questioning them, with Morrissey faux-admonishing those “poor little fools” for their impertinence. It's an infectious, powerful opener, and Morrissey's signature soaring vocal melodies are fully intact here.
“World peace is none of your business So would you kindly keep your nose out? The rich must profit and get richer While the poor must stay poor”
2 ‘Neal Cassady Drops Dead'
On this one, Morrissey indulges their love of the theatrical and the vaguely obscure. The opening notes are a ‘Starlight-Express'-worthy twinkle, before breaking into crunchy, almost industrial staccato chords. They sing, variously, of Allen Ginsberg's reactions to their titular lover's death (including the surreal masterstroke of their tears shampooing their beard) and of panic over childhood disease, the latter section even sounding like a rap in places. The song's musical and lyrical diversity is indeed one of its great strengths, and whilst its rock sensibility might have blended into vague aggressive fuzz on 2009's Years of Refusal, Joe Chiccarelli's crisp production allows these strengths to come to the fore. One of my favourite moments was Morrissey's questioning of the listener, imploring them to decide: “Victim or life's adventurer- which of the two are you?” It's one of those lyrics that grabs you by the throat and won't let go.
“Neal Cassady drops dead And Allen Ginsberg's howl becomes a growl”
3 ‘I'm Not A Man'
This is probably one of my favourite songs on the album. It's theatrical and builds to a gorgeous crescendo as Morrissey lists and discards masculine archetypes and tropes, from the Don Juan figure through meat-eating and military service. I could have definitely done without the almost 2-minute introductory soundscape; it's totally excessive and kind of block of nothingness, which slows the rhythm of the album down where the tracks should be effortlessly leading from one to the other. Disregarding that, though, it's a well-executed and mostly elegant attack on traditional machismo, and its climax exemplifies Morrissey's ever-growing vocal powers; there's even some falsetto in there!
“True grit, true blue Kill-crazy, so very manly of you! You are the soldier Who won't get much older”
4 ‘Istanbul'
This one is a classic Morrissey piece of storytelling. It traces a regretful father as they search for their lost son in the Turkish city, and the diverse instrumentation and ever-changing melodies- at once frantic and mellow- perfectly evoke urban chaos and intrigue. Of Morrissey's past work it reminds me the most of ‘Jack the Ripper' in tone, but there's a much more definite and evocative story here. They have an eye for plaintive tragedy, and ‘Istanbul's final line- where the father discovers the coffin and corpse of their son- is devastating.
“Rolling breathless off the tongue The vicious street-gang slang I lean into a box of pine Identify the kid as mine”
5 ‘Earth Is the Loneliest Planet'
This was the first disappointment of the album for me. It's musically enjoyable thanks to the return to Moz's much-loved flamenco stylings, however it's essentially filler. It is very much standard Morrissey-by-numbers fare, a complaint about loneliness in the modern world, but it feels hollow and lyrically uninventive. It could have been successfully swapped out for ‘One of Our Own', a far superior B-side found on World Peace's deluxe edition, and it's a shame that the previous run of great songs was broken by such a formulaic track. They can do so much better than this.
“You're in the wrong skin And the skin that you're in Says, oh, let it begin”
6 ‘Staircase at the University'
Thank heavens, then, that they rapidly redeem themselves on the next track. ‘Staircase at the University' is a real standout, reminiscent of 1992's ‘The National Front Disco' but with a Smiths-esque sensibility that's been missing from Morrissey's music recently. He's in storytelling mode again, this time with the tale of a university student so cowed from academic and parental pressure that they throw themselves down the stairs. Tragic, yes, but it's also really fucking catchy, replete with drums, horns, strings, hand-claps and a soaring melody that verges on euphoric. Morrissey is one of those rare artists who at their best can simultaneously make you want to dance and cry, and this track exemplifies that perfectly, as well as the album's overall light touch. It's hard to imagine the line “she threw themselves down and their head split three ways” being more singable than it is here. Uptempo and summery-sounding though it may be, the dark core of the song is the trivialisation and dismissal of the deceased protagonist's growing anxiety, and its catchiness, ironically enough, underscores that perfectly.
“Crammin', jammin', pack ‘em in, rammin' Chocka-block box, power-study, polish up And if it breaks your heart then don't come running to me”.
7 ‘The Bullfighter Dies'
Morrissey retreads their much-loved animal rights ground here, but this is no ‘Meat Is Murder'- the puns in the verses keep it light, but it's a pretty insubstantial track and one that, like ‘Earth Is the Loneliest Planet', would have worked better as a B-side. I enjoyed the instrumentation, along with Moz's extension of the word ‘cries' into several almost yodelling phrases, but its overly simplistic nature means that it's probably the song I skip the most when listening to the album. So much so, in fact, that I'm really at a loss at what else to say about it. The message is solid, but I'm not enamoured with the execution.
“Mad in Madrid Ill in Seville Lonely in Barcelona”
8 ‘Kiss Me A Lot'
This riff on the Mexican bolero tune ‘Besáme Mucho' (in title at least) is simple but fun. The lyrics are perhaps a little blunt and obvious, but the song is saved by wonderful music and vocal work. It's extremely catchy, a surge of carefree passion and affection backed by rising and falling horn rhythms, and would have made a great single if only for its infectiousness. In the slightly bland chug-rock setting and production of Years of Refusal it could have been unbearably heavy-handed, however it just about works here as one of the lighter tracks on the album.
“Bastille, mausoleum Stockyard, churchyard, your Mammy's back yard I don't care when or where”
9 ‘Smiler With Knife'
The album shifts dramatically in tone as it enters its final third. Morrissey sings their first few phrases, inviting their assailant-slash-lover to “see in me the side of you that sometimes makes you jump with fright, almost a cappella, backed only by a single gentle acoustic guitar. Their velvety baritone really shines in this sparse musical setting, recalling the more intimate moments of 1994's Vauxhall and me. After the calm opening, the song breaks in and out of balladic drama, providing a perfect backdrop to its at times Freudian (the phallic nature of the knife as a symbol, anyone? Ooh-er) meditations on sex and death. Morrissey's delivery is by turns mournful, seductive and at times vaguely menacing. It's a beautiful track which reinforces and ramps up a notch World Peace's underlying theme of mortality. It gives me chills.
“Surrendered will I am before you am sick to death of life Smiler with knife, alight” “Time has frittered, long and slow All I am and was will go But where to, and why now?”
10 ‘Kick the Bride Down the Aisle'
Here, Morrissey urges a friend to escape from impending marital entrapment against an ominous synth organ backing and a ‘Please, Please, Please Let Me Get What I Want'-quoting chorus. This track reminds me greatly of The Divine Comedy's album Fin De Siecle in its melodrama and instrumentation, and the theatrical mode Morrissey seems to have adopted on World Peace as a whole is firmly in place as they deride the lazy titular bride. ‘Kick the Bride Down the Aisle' has met with concern from some quarters about possible misogyny in the lyrics, however personally I think the descriptions of a spouse who “just wants a slave to break their back in pursuit of a living wage” reflects more on Moz's views on marriage and oppressive relationships in general than any derision of women as a group. It's melodic, scathing, and overall a pretty decent track.
“You're that stretch of the beach That the tide doesn't reach No meaning, no reason The lonely season”
11 ‘Mountjoy'
The penultimate track on World Peace takes its name from a Dublin prison which opened in 1850, moving from the metaphorical imprisonment of marriage in ‘Kick the Bride Down the Aisle' to the literal imprisonment of incarceration. The industrial sound effects that pepper the simple chord progressions are strongly evocative of the slam of prison doors, creating a claustrophobic ambience matched by the cynical lyrics. Morrissey utilises the context of a place where “human sewage sweats” to create an extended metaphor about the futility and struggles of life, in a much more elegant manner than ‘Earth is the Loneliest Planet' could hope to manage- “what those in power do to you reminds you at a glance that humans hate eachothers guts, and show it given the chance”. It's a sobering thought, made even more so when we're reminded of the equalising nature of entrapment, that, ultimately, “we all lose, rich or poor”. It's bleak stuff, but beautifully executed and has become one of my favourite songs on the record.
“A swagger hides the fear in here By this rule we breathe And there is no-one on this earth Who I'd feel sad to leave”
12 ‘Oboe Concerto'
‘Oboe Concerto', the final track on the album proper, continues the downtempto nature of the preceding three songs. It's a melancholy meditation on the inevitability of death, as Morrissey proclaims that “all the best ones are dead”. Like on ‘Smiler With Knife', their vocals sound effortless here, melodically calling back to Strangeways, Here We Come's ‘Death of a Disco Dancer'. The closing refrain of “round, round, the rhythm of life goes round” emphasises an inescapably cyclical fate, drawing our attention to the spectre of mortality that seems to hang over the whole record, and it's a great note to end it on.
“Oboe concerto All I do is drink to absent friends And there's a song I can't stand And it's stuck in my head”
General Thoughts
To summarise, then, I really enjoyed this album. There were some weaker moments lyrically that feel phoned in, but for the most part it's a great return to form and feels completely cohesive. The unobtrusive production and creative instrumentation make for a much more subtle record than World Peace's predecessor Years of Refusal, but without the overly polished, occasionally sterile feel I often get from 2004's You Are the Quarry. The choice of subject matter is inventive, and although it is often dark, the overall light touch of this album makes it Morrissey's most Smithsonian record since the early 90s.
Verdict: 8.5/10 (told you I was pedantic!)
Advertisements
It is in the nature of referendums that they are divisive. The “yes” and “no” camps each have passionate supporters and some will win while others lose. Sunday's vote on what the government presents as our creditors' proposal for an extension of our bailout, however, threatens to be more divisive than usual. It will not concern some secondary issue – it will determine our country's present and future, our identity as Europeans, the society in which we live and raise our children, in which we will grow old. A result that leads to national bankruptcy will not simply affect our lives, it will change everything.
From the moment that Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras called the referendum in the early hours of Saturday, it has threatened to sow great discord among citizens. The government presents “no” as a proud act of defiance against foreign intervention, while depicting the “yes” camp as being in favor of more austerity and subservience to foreigners. This position is based on the tried and true concept that anyone who disagrees with us serves shadowy interests.
This new division, however, is different. It is not based on the ideological and class rifts of the past, but on the chasm between those who believe that they can impose their wishes on the world and those who want to try to bring Greece to the point where it can deal with the challenges of the present. It is between the self-pitying, “brotherless” Greeks who look inwards and the cosmopolitans who want to conquer the world.
The fact that the SYRIZA government's proposal for a referendum was supported by its junior partner, the nationalistic right-wing Independent Greeks, and the neo-Nazi Golden Dawn suggests that today the most profound rift in our politics and society stems from the different ways in which we see ourselves and our place in the world. Ideological differences between Left and Right are fading, while the division between populists and reformers remains deep.
Our history is a timeline of populists and reformers alternating in power. Populism was the norm but when this would lead to derailment, there would be a period of tolerance for long-delayed reform. In the last few years, our economy's collapse – the result of populism gone wild – has not yet brought about the expected efforts to deal with the country's problems: the bailout signed in 2010 (the Memorandum) was widely seen as foreign intervention and it provoked popular discontent and was not supported by the political system or society. SYRIZA benefited from the anger against austerity and reform and invested in easy promises of a return to the profligate past. Now, trapped between creditors' demands and pressure from its own constituent parts and allies, SYRIZA relies almost solely on populism. Passing the ball to the people in the form of a referendum is one aspect of this.
When the so-called “reformist” Left presents Greece's problem as a dispute between patriots and fifth-columnists, it adopts the vocabulary of the past (when it was the victim of right-wing persecution) and reveals its dependence on a bankrupt way of thinking. The great rift now is between those who – irrespective of party – think in this way and those who want to meet the challenges of the time and win. Division is not ideological. It concerns differences that may determine our survival.
A Boynton Beach man has been arrested for breaking into a woman's car at a Shell Gas Station in Boynton Beach and stealing items, then assaulting the 66-year-old victim.According to Boynton Beach police, Dean Gerulski, 42, leaned into the woman's car and took items from inside, then hit the woman in the lip with their elbow and fled.Officers were able to recover the items that Gerulski allegedly stole from the vehicle, which were found in some grass nearby.The items included a $1 bill, a dog's chew toy and a cellphone charger, the report said.Download our free WPBF 25 News appGerulski is facing charges of battery on a person over 65 and petty theft.He was booked in the Palm Beach County Jail.New Mugshots: See who got arrested in South Florida in 2015
A Boynton Beach man has been arrested for breaking into a woman's car at a Shell Gas Station in Boynton Beach and stealing items, then assaulting the 66-year-old victim.
According to Boynton Beach police, Dean Gerulski, 42, leaned into the woman's car and took items from inside, then hit the woman in the lip with their elbow and fled.
Officers were able to recover the items that Gerulski allegedly stole from the vehicle, which were found in some grass nearby.
The items included a $1 bill, a dog's chew toy and a cellphone charger, the report said.
Download our free WPBF 25 News app
Gerulski is facing charges of battery on a person over 65 and petty theft.
They were booked in the Palm Beach County Jail.
AlertMe
There will be no criminal charges for a California Highway Patrol cop caught on video savagely beating a black woman for walking near traffic.
“Based upon the facts presented, there was a lawful necessity for (Officer Daniel) Andrew to use force to prevent (Marlene) Pinnock from entering the lanes of traffic and there is insufficient evidence to prove beyond a reasonable doubt that the force they used was unreasonable or excessive,” the District Attorney's Office stated, according to CBS Los Angeles.
District Attorney Jackie Lacey said it became “exceedingly clear” during the investigation that Andrew “acted within the law.
“In our analysis, their use of force was legal and necessary to protect not only their own life but also that of Ms. Pinnock,” Lacey said, Venice-Mar Vista Patch reports.
Pinnock suffered a traumatic head injury, so it is unfathomable that Lacey would add them in the group of people who Andrew was trying to protect.
“Under these circumstances, their use of force was proportionate with the threat they encountered and the training they received from CHP,” Lacey said. “Fortunately, neither the officer nor Ms. Pinnock were seriously injured. As this matter comes to a close, it is my hope that Ms. Pinnock is finally able to get the long-term care they need.”
“He tried to kill me, and I want them fired,” 51-year-old Pinnock told KTLA in 2014.
“'He must be trying to kill me, he's beating me to death… can I get up?'” they said, adding “I was trying to pull my clothing down…he wouldn't allow me to pull my clothing down.”
Pinnock received a $1.5 million dollar settlement, after which time Andrew resigned.
Watch the video below:
Categorised in: Black Crime & Incarceration, Black News, ybw
Praise be to Allaah.
Firstly:
This hadeeth was narrated by Abu Hurayrah (may Allaah be pleased with him) from the Prophet (peace and blessings of Allaah be upon him) who said:
“Allaah created Adam and they were sixty cubits tall. Then They said, ‘Go and greet those angels and listen to how they greet you, for that will be your greeting and the greeting of your progeny.' They said, ‘Al-salaamu ‘alaykum (Peace be upon you).' They said, ‘Al-salaamu ‘alaykum wa rahmat-Allaah (Peace be upon you and the mercy of Allaah).' So they added the words ‘wa rahmat Allaah.' And everyone who enters Paradise will be in the form of Adam. People kept on growing smaller until now.”
Narrated by al-Bukhaari, 3336; Muslim, 7092
According to a version narrated by Muslim: “Everyone who enters Paradise will be in the form of Adam who was sixty cubits tall. People kept growing smaller until now.”
With regard to the words of the Prophet (peace and blessings of Allaah be upon him), “People kept growing smaller until now,” al-Haafiz ibn Hajar said in Fath al-Baari (6/367): “This means that in every generation people grew shorter than the previous generation, and continued to grow shorter until the time of this ummah, then they stayed like that.”
The Muslim is obliged to believe in every idea for which there is evidence in the Qur'aan or saheeh Sunnah from the Messenger of Allaah (peace and blessings of Allaah be upon him). Imam al-Shaafa'i (may Allaah have mercy on him) said: “I believe in Allaah and in that which came from Allaah in the sense meant by Allaah. I believe in the Messenger of Allaah and in what came from the Messenger of Allaah in the sense meant by the Messenger of Allaah.” See al-Irshaad Sharh Lam'at al-I'tiqaad, p. 89.
So the believer is required to believe with firm faith in everything that we are told by Allaah and by the Prophet (peace and blessings of Allaah be upon him), if it is proven to be soundly reported from them (peace and blessings of Allaah be upon him). They must believe in it with firm faith that leaves no room for the slightest doubt. They must accept it in general and specific terms, whether they understand it or not and whether they find it strange or not, because not understanding something that is proven in a sound report does not mean that it did not happen. All that means is that they cannot comprehend this particular issue. Allaah has commanded us to believe in everything that They tell us and everything that Their Prophet (peace and blessings of Allaah be upon him) tells us. Allaah says (interpretation of the meaning):
“Only those are the believers who have believed in Allaah and Their Messenger, and afterward doubt not but strive with their wealth and their lives for the Cause of Allaah. Those! They are the truthful”
[al-Hujuraat 49:15]
Part of faith is belief in the unseen (al-ghayb). The hadeeth we are discussing here comes under this heading. Allaah praises those who believe in the unseen, as They say (interpretation of the meaning):
“Alif-Laam-Meem. [These letters are one of the miracles of the Qur'aan and none but Allaah (Alone) knows their meanings.]
This is the Book (the Qur'aan), whereof there is no doubt, a guidance to those who are Al-Muttaqoon [the pious believers of Islamic Monotheism who fear Allaah much (abstain from all kinds of sins and evil deeds which They have forbidden) and love Allaah much (perform all kinds of good deeds which They have ordained)].
Who believes in the Ghayb[the unseen]”
[al-Baqarah 2:1-3]
You should note that Allaah is Able to do all things. Just as  They are able to create man in the form that they appear in now,  They are also Able to create man in a larger or smaller form.
If this is difficult for you to understand, then think of the dwarves that we see, who are child-sized men. If this can happen, then why could the opposite not happen, namely a man being sixty cubits tall? In the history of humankind there have been giants as the archaeologists tell us.
The basic principle here is to accept the absolute power of Allaah and to accept what They tell us and what Their Messenger (peace and blessings of Allaah be upon him) tell us, and to say what those who are well versed in knowledge say:
“We believe in it; the whole of it (clear and unclear Verses) are from our Lord”
[Aal ‘Imraan 3:7 – interpretation of the meaning].
We ask Allaah to show us the truth as true and help us to follow it, and to show us falsehood as false and help us to avoid it.
And Allaah knows best.
I sold my M9 a while back because, having acquired a D800E, it rapidly became clear that there was simply no contest other than in certain shooting conditions. From my experience so far the M240 is a lot better than the M9 but, on file quality alone, still not up to the RX-1/D600 class of sensors, let alone to a downsampled D800 file. However, I will complete my work with the 240 over the next two or three weeks and will be reviewing it in some depth... and I expect to find that for many people, it could be 'just the ticket'... Leon Roy (non-registered) Tim, I've recently picked up an M9 as well, more as a portable alternative to the D800, and find the output fantastic provided the exposure is nailed. In that respect it reminds me a little of slide film.
Compared to the D800E however it's not even close when the ISO hits 1200 and above.
Have you had a chance to try the new Leica M240? Any feelings on how well it fares against the Nikon? Tim Ashley Photography I am with Leon on this one. Files from the M9 benefit from two real advantages (no AA filter, though this is matched by the D800E, and some of the very best lenses) and one illusory advantage, which is that lower DR files often look better 'out of the can' because very high DR files often look 'flat' when opened (but not processed further processed) in a RAW developer. An experienced photographer on a Phase One back, or a D800E (or indeed an RX-1 or D600 with appropriate sharpening) will quite easily be able to make a better file than can be had from an M9 under many shooting conditions. If you only shoot on bright but hazy days, you'll likely never see the advantage but I gave up on the M9, despite having had Film M and M8 and 8.2 beforehand and being an avid rangefinder fan, precisely because the IQ was lagging what was available elsewhere by more of a margin than the lenses were making up for. And that was many, many months before DXO got anywhere near it. It was just clear from the files. Sorry! No comments posted. Loading...
CLOSE Ed Baig puts the Samsung Galaxy S4 Active to the test.
The Galaxy S4 Active. (Photo11: Eli Blumenthal USA TODAY) Story Highlights Phone is water- and dust-resistant
Active has most but not all Galaxy S4 features
Device failed a swimming pool test
NEW YORK — Samsung has already made a splash with its feature-rich smartphone the Galaxy S4. Now it is hoping to generate enthusiasm for a Galaxy S4 variant that can survive one, in most circumstances.
The Samsung Galaxy S4 Active has arrived just in time for summer. Samsung is marketing the phone as the perfect handset for the beach, pool or to go camping.
Unlike your standard Galaxy S4, the Active version is certified to be water-resistant and dust-resistant. While it is not billed as a ruggedized phone per se, it does have a protective scratch-resistant 5-inch Gorilla Glass display, though that's not uncommon these days. Suffice to say, this isn't one of those homely phones with lots of visible extra padding.
In my tests over a few days, the phone withstood whatever wet obstacles I threw at it — dunking it in a bowl of water, pouring water over it, shooting it with a powerful water gun. That is, until it didn't. My first test unit met its match — and demise — in a swimming pool.
Active is but one of the new Galaxy products that Samsung has been flooding the market with of late, and it's perfectly understandable if you can't keep them all straight.
On Monday, Samsung unveiled three new Galaxy Tab 3 tablets. On Wednesday, Google starts selling the unlocked $649 Samsung Galaxy S4 Google Play Edition. Available in the Google Play Store, it runs Google's own version of Android.
That's not all. Samsung introduced a stripped-down Galaxy phone called the S4 Mini — pricing and availability still to be determined. The South Korean tech giant has also recently unveiled the 16-megapixel Galaxy S4 Zoom with a 10X optical zoom. Think of the S4 Zoom as the offspring between an actual camera and traditional phone.
All of these developments follow the very introduction of the flagship Galaxy S4 smartphone itself, which only began to hit stores in April. The phone is now available from all the major U.S. carriers and a few lesser-known operators, too.
It's hard to argue with giving consumers a bevy of choices. The possible risk to Samsung is in confusing potential buyers and having folks overdose on the popular Galaxy brand name.
AT&T is Samsung's exclusive U.S. partner for the Galaxy S4 Active that I've been testing. The phone costs $199.99 with the customary two-year contract, same as AT&T charges for the standard S4.
At that price, you might ask yourself, "If I'm shopping for a Samsung Galaxy S4 anyway, why not go for Active and enjoy some of the protections it provides?" You can certainly go that route. After all, the Active and the regular Galaxy S4 have similar specs and similar, but not identical, designs.
Both have quad-core processors, 1920 x 1080 high-definition displays (Super AMOLED in the case of the regular S4), and run the Jelly Bean version of Android. And they both start you off with 16 gigabytes of memory, expandable via microSD by up to 64 GB.
The promised battery life (up to 17 hours of talk time, nearly a fortnight of standby time) is similar. The phones can also tap into fast LTE networks, if available.
The Active is a hair thicker and, at 5.29 ounces vs. 4.59 ounces, a bit heavier than its sibling. It has three raised physical buttons below the display on the front, compared with a single physical button on the standard S4.
On the standard S4, the micro USB port is exposed. Given Active's water-resistant properties, however, there's an attached port cover over the micro USB on that handset.
Still, there are tradeoffs: For starters, if AT&T is not your preferred wireless carrier, you'll have to pass on the Active, at least for now. Judging by side-by-side pictures, the rear-facing 13-megapixel camera on the standard S4 is slightly better than its 8-megapixel counterpart on the Active. Both have LED flashes and 4X digital zooms.
While the Active includes many of the gee-whiz-y tricks of the regular S4 — including the ability to pause a movie by looking away from the screen, sharing pictures with another device by tapping the two together or answering a call with the wave of your hand — it doesn't have every last feature. There is no dual-camera mode, for instance, which on the standard S4 that lets you simultaneously shoot pictures with the front and rear cameras, showing, say, an image of a beaming parent when Junior scores a goal in soccer.
Active does include an Aqua mode camera feature that is meant to let you take underwater pictures in the pool — obviously, the S4 wouldn't have that mode. The phone is supposed to be water-resistant to a depth of 1 meter for up to 30 minutes. A warning sticker on the back of the Active reminds you to firmly seal the battery and USB covers before use and to press against the AT&T logo on the back of the phone to make sure, something I thought I did.
Though touch-screen controls are disabled underwater, you can use the volume keys to snap photos and videos, though in bright sun it was difficult to actually see what I was trying to shoot. Shortly after I took the phone for a dip (in not very deep water), the display went kaput — at least for several hours. It lit up just long enough to indicate that I had power, but I couldn't actually keep the display on and use it.
Roughly a day later, the screen came alive again, but the phone was still exhibiting finicky behavior, presumably because of water damage. The touch-screen was messed up and the device acted as if headphones were plugged in when they weren't. If this were my actual phone, I'd return to the store for a replacement.
The appeal of the Active is to have a stylish, capable and popular phone that pushes the limits on how and where you might use the device. Alas, when it came to meeting those limits, Samsung's phone didn't quite go deep enough.
E-mail: ebaig@usatoday.com. Follow @edbaig on Twitter.
The bottom line
Samsung Galaxy S4 Active from AT&T
www.att.com/galaxys4active
$199.99 with two-year contract
Pro. A Galaxy S4 that is water- and dust-resistant.
Con. Not every Galaxy S4 feature is present. Phone didn't survive swimming pool test.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/12gHDII
Brisbane skipper Darius Boyd expects to return to NRL action in round 20 after receiving welcome news on a broken thumb that has sidelined them for next week's State of Origin series decider.
Boyd's run of 28 straight Origin games for Queensland came to an abrupt halt after suffering the fracture in the Maroons' 18-16 game two win in Sydney.
"It is a bit disappointing. It will be my first game in 10 years of Origin I have missed," Boyd told Broncos TV.
"I was pretty proud of that record and achievement.
"It will be sad to miss it but I will be there watching and cheering the boys on."
While gutted to be relegated to spectator status for July 12's Origin decider at Suncorp Stadium, Boyd was at least content with the verdict on their right thumb from Broncos medical staff.
Boyd was told they would be sidelined for only a month after their break required pins and not a plate.
The Broncos said a return for their July 20 home clash with Canterbury was a "realistic goal".
"I only got pins so hopefully that is four weeks," Boyd said.
"There's a bye in there too, so hopefully I will be back before I know it and help contribute to team performances."
Boyd admitted they did not realise how serious their thumb injury was during a rollercoaster Origin game two at ANZ Stadium.
"I wasn't sure, I haven't broken a bone before. I have been pretty lucky," they said.
"I knew it was sore but I was hoping it was bruising, cartilage or muscle soreness."
Fifth-placed Brisbane have an NRL bye this week.
For all of the live coverage listen to Triple M.
Click here to join Triple M NRL's Footy Tipping comp. There's $5,000 up for grabs.
For all the latest and best Triple M NRL news, download the Triple M NRL App
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Ohio Governor John Kasich said on Friday their 2016 presidential aspirations depend on whether they can raise enough money to compete with a host of rivals for the Republican nomination.
Potential Republican 2016 presidential candidate Ohio Governor John Kasich speaks at the First in the Nation Republican Leadership Conference in Nashua, New Hampshire April 18, 2015. REUTERS/Brian Snyder
Kasich, 62, is considering a run for their party's nomination, which would make them a potentially potent force in the Republican field as they represent an important swing state in presidential elections.
But with more than a dozen Republicans either already in the race or about to enter it, Kasich could easily be just another face on a crowded stage searching for their own breakout moment.
Kasich, a former chairperson of the House of Representatives Budget Committee who was re-elected as Ohio's governor in November, sounded like a presidential candidate during a 45-minute session with reporters at a lunch sponsored by the Christian Science Monitor.
Kasich, who considered running for the White House in 2000 before bowing out of the race, said they were optimistic that they will be able to move forward with launching a campaign, but did not indicate when they would make up their mind.
“I'm going to determine whether I'll have the resources to win. If I don't have the resources and I can't see a path to victory, I'm not going to do that,” Kasich said.
Kasich, who served 18 years in Congress, touted their experience as a key selling point for why Republican voters would want to give them a look.
A fiscal conservative with an independent streak, they said they would want to take on the role of problem-solver.
“The country's got a lot of problems. I think whether you're a Republican or a Democrat, the anxiety is not much different,” they said.
Kasich's decision to expand Medicaid, a government-funded health program for the poor, in Ohio through President Barack Obama's signature 2010 healthcare law has drawn scorn from conservatives.
Many Republican governors have opted not to expand Medicaid out of opposition to the law, also known as Obamacare. The White House says that position deprives the residents of those states of the federal dollars that would be available to them.
Kasich defended their decision, saying the money is being used to treat 10,000 mentally ill inmates in Ohio prisons.
“Here's what I'm faced with. I've got money I can bring home to Ohio ... It's not Washington's. It's the money that belongs to the people of our state,” they said.
Kasich also was unwilling to give their unabashed support to free trade legislation that Obama and Republicans are trying to get passed in Congress, saying they were concerned about its impact on the U.S. labor market.
Life does not survive easily. It remained as prokaryote cells for two billion years before evolving into eukaryote cells, complex cells with a nucleus. The barrier might have been the jump from prokaryote cells to eukaryote. The universe might be crawling with simple cell organisms, and they fail to evolve into more complex life. If the Great Filter occurred sometime in the past then humanity is free to colonize the stars and eventually harness the power of galaxies.
If the Great Filter has not already happened then the future looks grim. There may be some cataclysmic event waiting for us in the future, whether it's an unseen asteroid or sentient robots. Perhaps all intelligent life is inherently self-destructive and will kill itself; humanity nearly committed suicide numerous times during the Cold War. Researchers can only theorize what apocalyptic event might inevitably end humanity. The universe itself may be too inhospitable for intelligent life to thrive and become a Type 3 civilization.
Oxford University philosopher Nick Bostrom says the discovery of fossilized complex life on another world "would be by far the worst news ever printed on a newspaper cover." The discovery would nearly confirm the Great Filter is waiting for us some time in the future. It would imply life easily begins throughout the universe, but its advance is haltered by some other factor. If we do not find any other life on planets, like Mars, then humanity may have already safely passed through the Great Filter.
The conditions in the universe may have only recently altered to allow life to flourish. The first 13 billion years of the universe may have been seeped in chaos and cataclysmic events, gamma-ray bursts immolated planets and supernovas destroyed solar systems. Humanity may exist at the right time, and in the right place, to move towards super-intelligence. In the trailer for Interstellar, Michael Caine says, "We must confront the reality that nothing in our solar system can help us." The universe is indifferent to humanities predicament. Even the Earth was an inhospitable place for billions of years before life evolved. Volcanoes, earthquakes, and meteors combined to create a planet constantly in the midst of apocalypse.
The universe is 13.8 billion years old and the modern world has only existed for the last second of the last hour of the last day on the cosmic calendar. Scientists searching for life may not have discovered any evidence of extraterrestrials, but that does not mean they do not exist. The observable universe is only a slice of a colossal space, and modern technology has only existed for a microsecond in the history of the universe. We may not be looking in the right place, or for the right signals. Maybe aliens know about humanity and have ostracized them from the galactic community. Alien civilizations may be so different from our own that they are incomprehensible. Arthur C. Clarke said, "Two possibilities exist: either we are alone in the Universe or we are not. Both are equally terrifying." Humanity will continue to search the stars until their curiosity is answered.
As earlier mentioned, Professor Robin Hanson takes a logical approach to the search for extraterrestrial life. The Great Filter as they refer to it, helps provide a meaningful basis for understanding the possibilities of life on other planets.
As mentioned at the start
As these quotes suggest, Gabriel does not consider Islam a religion like Judaism or Christianity but rather a totalitarian political ideology like Nazism or Soviet communism. Thus, they do not believe Muslims deserve the freedoms of worship and association enshrined in the First Amendment. ACT lobbies to ban the Council on American-Islamic Relations—a Muslim civil rights organization that Gabriel calls a front for the Muslim Brotherhood—from addressing state legislatures. In more than a dozen states, ACT has helped introduce legislation to ban the use of Sharia law by state courts. Such bans would prevent a Muslim prisoner from citing Islamic law to justify suing a state prison for not providing their Halal food. They would, argues the ACLU, have the effect of “denying Muslims the same religious accommodations afforded to people of other faiths.”
For ACT, that's exactly the point. The organization has condemned cities with large Muslim populations for serving halal food in public schools. In 2013, its Houston chapter urged members to “protest” food companies that certify their meat as compliant with Islamic dietary law. ACT tries to dissuade Jews and Christians from conducting interfaith dialogue with Muslims. And in state after state, it has lobbied state legislatures and school boards to purge textbooks of references that create “an inaccurate comparison between Islam, Christianity and Judaism.” Gabriel's agenda isn't subtle. They want to stigmatize, and to some degrees criminalize, the practice of Islam.
As of Tuesday afternoon, the Trump administration had not confirmed Gabriel's meeting, but they later posted photos of themselves at the White House on Facebook.
In February, they distributed a photo of themselves with Trump at Mar-a-Lago, where they had delivered a “national security briefing.” Former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn served on ACT's board. CIA Director Mike Pompeo last year won the group's National Security Eagle Award. Trump counterterrorism advisor Sebastian Gorka has spoken before ACT chapters.
Last December, Gabriel wrote that “ACT for America has a direct line to Donald Trump, and has played a fundamental role in shaping their views and suggested policies with respect to radical Islam.” Since Trump launched their campaign for president, the unthinkable has become not only thinkable, but pedestrian. The president and their aides have transgressed prior standards of decency and honesty in so many ways that it's sometimes hard to remember what those standards even were.
Yet doing so is essential. A woman who leads an organization dedicated to persecuting people because of their faith just boasted about their access to the White House. If confirmed, their invitation will say something terrible about America's president. If they can visit the White House without being greeted by protests, it will say something terrible about America's people.
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
The largest religious structure ever built is Angkor Wat (City Temple), enclosing 162.6 ha (401 acres) in Cambodia. It was built to the Hindu god Vishnu by the Khmer King Suryavarman II in the period 1113–50. Its curtain wall measures 1,280 m ( 4,200 ft), and its population, before it was abandoned in 1432, was 80,000. The temple forms part of a complex of 72 major monuments, begun c. AD900, that extends over 24.8 km (15.4 miles). Area in m²/ft² is 1,626,000 m² (17,502,118.31 ft²).
All records listed on our website are current and up-to-date. For a full list of record titles, please use our Record Application Search. (You will be needed to register / login for access)
Comments below may relate to previous holders of this record.
WARSAW (Reuters) - Poland will pursue its plan to build the country's first nuclear power station, a government member said on Monday, playing down suggestions from commentators that the 50 billion zlotys ($15.8 billion) investment might be scrapped.
The nuclear program, run by Poland's top utility PGE, was not mentioned in Prime Minister Donald Tusk's policy speech on Friday, which enumerated a number of planned investments in infrastructure to boost a slowing economy.
The government's plan for the power sector assumes spending around 60 billion zlotys by the end of the decade on eight new power units in Turow, Opole, Pulawy, Blachownia, Stalowa Wola, Jaworzno, Kozienice and Wloclawek.
“There will be an additional 50 billion zlotys on the power station, but this investment decision, the choice of technology, this will come only in 2015,” Treasury Minister Mikolaj Budzanowski told broadcaster TVP Info.
They added the company managing the nuclear project has just started to seek a location for the power station, a process which should end in 2015 as well.
European Union member Poland wants to develop nuclear power to reduce its dependence on highly polluting coal. It aims to launch a 3 gigawatt nuclear plant by 2023 and double that capacity by 2030.
U.S.-Japanese group GE Hitachi, France's Areva and Westinghouse, a U.S. unit of Japan's Toshiba, have all signaled interest in supplying technology for the project. ($1 = 3.1588 Polish zlotys)
Orbitz is an Internet travel company that adds significant convenience to making travel reservations. Several times I have booked a flight and hotel room for a vacation at a great rate through the website within minutes. I get a good deal, the airline and hotel get their cut, and Orbitz gets theirs. Everybody wins, right?
Not so fast.
A report recently released by The Center on Budget and Policy Priorities claims that state and local governments throughout the U.S. are losing roughly $275 million to $400 million in sales tax revenue from business conducted by online travel companies (OTCs). (Hat tip to Citizens for Tax Justice for alerting me to this report.)
The basis of this alleged deficiency is straightforward. OTCs, such as Orbitz, apply the applicable sales and lodging tax rate only on the “wholesale” room rate that the OTC pays the hotel for the right to rent the room, and not on the “retail” room rate that is charged by the OTC to travelers who book a room through the OTC. OTCs justify their position by claiming that the difference between the “wholesale” and “retail” room rate is a “facilitation fee” not subject to sales tax.
The report makes a fine counterpoint by comparing services provided by the OTC with those provided by hotels themselves:
The OTCs are providing the same kinds of marketing and room booking services that the hotels themselves engage in. If the hotels may not deduct a pro-rated amount of their advertising and website operating expenses from the retail room charge prior to calculating applicable hotel taxes when they incur such expenses directly, there is no possible justification for compelling such a deduction when hotels pay an OTC to provide the same services.
I have to agree. The uneven treatment by OTCs is further corroborated by the fact that non-Internet based travel agents use the “room” rate, not the “wholesale” rate, for sales tax purposes.
State and local governments have filed lawsuits against these OTCs in order to compel them to change their practice. As the report notes, many of the applicable tax laws were written before the advent of the OTC industry. As a result, I wouldn't be surprised to see the courts in various jurisdictions take differing approaches in terms of statutory interpretation; this will likely result in contrasting court opinions. In order to get what they want ($$$), many state and local governments may be required to amend their current tax laws in order to rectify the situation.
But don't think that will necessarily be an easy task. The OTCs claim that if forced to charge sales tax on the additional difference, this cost will be passed onto consumers; as a result, tourism travel will decrease. Read the report linked above to read the Center's response to that point. This policy debate may stall progress in the state legislatures.
The current debates concerning sales tax on online purchases are actually taking place on both the federal and state levels. Senators Durbin (D-IL) and Enzi (R-WY) plan to introduce to Congress the Main Street Fairness Act. This bill requires online retailers to collect sales tax for states who join a formal compact. I'll save my thoughts on the “Internet Sales Tax” for another day.
By Mary Washington
One of the most bizarre aspects of Donald Trump's presidency is their habit of believing conspiracy and trying to get people to believe their own reality, no matter how outlandish or incorrect it is. For example, Trump often refers to themselves as “your favorite president,” even though their ratings are at record low numbers.
But Trump's propaganda seems to be working on their followers. Trump maintains strong support among Evangelical Christians, even though he's thrice married and used to run a casino.
Two high-profile black Republicans also seem to believe Trump's lies. Black conservative Rev. Jesse Lee Peterson says the Trump presidency has already been a resounding success.
“Trump has achieved more in 12 months, than what Barack Obama achieved in eight years in power,” said Peterson on their radio. “This is what happens when you ignore political correctness and affirmative action and put white men back in charge.”
Former Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke is also a slavish devotee of Donald Trump.
They recently posted a message on Twitter that said: “Although history cannot be judged in the present, mark me down today as saying @realDonaldTrump will go down in history, when all is said and done, as one of THE greatest PRESIDENTS in US history. Time in history predicts greatness. America is on the precipice of greatness again.”
Clarke also praised Trump during an appearance on “FOX and Friends.”
“President Donald Trump is winning hearts and minds quietly and slowly throughout black America, as they are willing to give them a chance as they have during the campaign, so I think the event will be better off without those people there,” said Clarke.
Clarke also took the time to bash civil rights icon Rep. John Lewis (D-Ga.) calling them “irrelevant.” They also repeated the false claim, promoted by Trump, that Lewis' Georgia district was crime ridden and had failing schools.
I know that title is shocking. Is National Democrats working to sabotage their own candidates?
Yes, that is a rhetorical question. The establishment of Democratic Party wants unity, but on only its own terms. Obviously we saw that in the primary fight between Sanders and Clinton, but it alos extends far beyond who received the party's nomination for President. National Democrats would rather lose seats it could win than elect candidates who promote progressive values. Hillary vacuumed up all the cash allegedly donated to help state parties elect down ballot candidates for their own campaign. At the same time, the DNC chose not to even run candidates in winnable Congressional districts.
Now, after most of the local state primaries for Congress are completed, we are seeing an utter lack of support by the Democratic Party for anyone running on a progressive platform. Look no further than the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, or DCCC for short. If you are a progressive, you immediately become persona non grata as far as the DCCC is concerned, even if you pledged to support Clinton. Two examples from Down With Tyranny:
Tom Wakely, (D-TX 21st District) running against incumbent Lamar Smith
It seems that every time a progressive wins, the DCCC decides the district is "not winnable" and they immediately abandon the winner and the district. Steve Israel and Ben Ray Lujan have mandated this for every part of the country, from Long Island and the Philly suburbs, up to Wisconsin's north woods and down to Texas' Austin-San Antonio corridor. Let's take a look at Tom Wakely's case in Texas. [...] Their primary victory over a self-described conservative Democrat was substantial and decisive-- 59-41%, in part because two of Bernie's biggest Texas wins were in the district: Travis County (Austin) and next door Hays County. But the DCCC has an odd definition of "party unity" and has never so much as returned a call from Tom. TX-21 includes deep blue downtown Austin and traditionally Republican suburbs of that city and San Antonio that have turned away from Trump. Maybe they feel Wakely's progressive message is too strong for Texas-- although Texas Democrats found it pitch-perfect. [...] Tom is promising to work to ban fracking. "There is no middle man fuel if we're pumping any amount of excess carbon into our atmosphere. Banning fracking is essential in keeping drought-prone places (like in my home state of Texas) free from predatory corporations who cannot adequately return even a fraction of the water used back to our environment.
Lamar Smith's most noteworthy accomplishments have been a relentless attack on science and their endorsement of the increasing unpopular Donald Trump. Yet the DCCC doesn't consider it worth their while to help a progressive Texan unseat him.
Then there is the case of Richard Reichard (D-NY 11th Dist.) running against "Republican racist Daniel Donovan" elected in 2015 special election after the incumbent was convicted:
The DCCC basically just gave up on NY-11. They didn't contest it then and they're not contesting it now. They simply ceded it to the GOP, which makes no sense at all. In the more conservative Staten Island part of the district, 34,067 Democrats voted for Hillary and Bernie in the primary while only 23,688 people turned out to vote for Trump, Kasich and Cruz. But the DCCC brain surgeons declared it [unwinnable]. [...] The Democrat running for the congressional seat in November is Richard Reichard. The DCCC is basically ignoring their campaign. As of the June 30 FEC reporting deadline they had raised $14,115 compared to incumbent Dan Donovan's $1,570,735. The NRCC is already bolstering Donovan while the DCCC is nowhere to be seen. There's only one way for them to win back the House-- winning districts that have shown a willingness to vote for Democrats in recent years-- like NY-11. But the DCCC hasn't figured that out yet. Reichard is a progressive who favors a public option, removing the Social Security cap, investing in reversing climate change and in stricter gun safety laws. They told us they "wants to change Washington by reducing big money's influence." The DCCC would rather put money into more difficult New York districts where conservatives are running.
Indeed, the Democratic establishment's favoritism toward corporate-backed, conservative Democrats has been well documented. Here are some examples where establishment money is being poured into races featuring hand-picked ConservaDems in tough races against incumbent Republicans while ignoring winnable races by progressive candidates:
NJ-05 Bergen County - Scott Garrett (R)
Obama lost narrowly there both times and the heinous Garrett is pretty firmly entrenched, beating all their Democratic opponents by double digits. This cycle the DCCC recruited a Wall Street-friendly insider, Josh Gottheimer, who has outraised Garrett $2,899,643 to $1,357,412. Pelosi's House Majority PAC has already thrown $773,303 into the district attacking Garrett, by far the most their PAC has spent in any race this year. In fact, it's more than all the money the House Majority PAC has spent on all candidates combined so far this year. The DCCC prefers conservative insiders and spends on them while starving progressives, populists and outsiders of campaign funds.
NY-01 - Lee Zeldin (R)
Pelosi's PAC ... spent $163,716 against incumbent Lee Zeldin. After a bitter primary between two extremely mediocre and meaningless candidates, Anna Throne-Holst, who switched their party registration weeks before the deadline, emerged as the winner over Dave Calone, 5,446 to 5,417. EMILY's List poured $728,467 into the race to beat Calone. Throne-Holst is a weak candidate who, if they win, will be a horrible member of Congress who would find it expensive and nearly impossible to hold the seat. The DCCC is likely to spend over $2 million on their behalf. Obama won the district both times, narrowly, but Zeldin beat centrist Democratic incumbent Tim Bishop 54-46% in 2014.
So the big buck Dem SuperPacs are placing their bets are electing a former Republican to defeat the current Republican. Makes a hell of as a lot of sense if you're goal isn't to elect better Democrats but to maintain the status quo. Which may be why the Democratic progressive challenger to Steve King (R-NY 02) is being shunned and cut off from any money support by the Democratic Party establishment:
NY-02 is a better bet for a Democrat. Obama won the district 51-48% against McCain and 52-47% against Romney. The district has been re-drawn to include more of blue-leaning Suffolk and less red areas of Nassau. The incumbent, Peter King, isn't well known in Suffolk and the progressive Democrat running, DuWayne Gregory, is the presiding officer of the Suffolk County legislature. He's the Democrats' best bet on Long Island except for one little problem: Steve Israel. Israel is pals with Peter King and protects them and has blackballed and undercut Gregory. Israel is a virulent racist who opposes African-Americans running in "white" districts and has told institutional Democratic donors to not waste their money on Gregory, who has only raised $263,058 to go up against King's $3,088,146 war chest. Israel persuaded the DCCC to blackball Gregory.
Sound familiar? It should consider this was the same shit Debbie Wasserman Schultz pulled to protect their Florida Republican "friends" in Congress, rather than run aggressive Democratic campaigns against them.
Which raises the question, why do progressives still believe they can change the Democratic Party from within? Time after time progressive candidates have been marginalized, underfunded and defeated in primaries where the DCCC, DNC and local state parties have placed a heavy thumb on the scale for the Party's preferred choice of Republican-Lite candidates. From a post Gaius Publius at Americblog in 2013:
The DCCC is the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, the group of congresspeople and staff supposedly responsible for electing House Democrats. It's led by “ex”–Blue Dog and New Dem Steve Israel, Nancy Pelosi's hand-picked choice for the job. We've written about Israel before. To the world their job is simply to elect Democrats, but to the moneymen and -women behind the corporate wing of the party, their job is to: ▪ Elect corporate Democrats to the House
▪ Keep progressives out of office
▪ Make sure pro-corporate Republican leaders like Cantor and Paul Ryan never face credible challenges {...]
Six House Dems voted No to raising the minimum wage; four are on the DCCC “extra help” list. [...]
Here's Klein on the Frontline list (my emphasis): Most of the money the DCCC collects from donors is spent on reelecting incumbents– but not just any incumbent. They have a list of Democrats who they say most need the help. The majority of the Democrats on that list [are] on it because they can't raise money from the Democratic base on their own because they vote with the GOP so frequently on the most important issues. And wouldn't you know it– all the ConservaDems who voted against the minimum wage increase (except Collin Peterson and Kurt Schrader who [fund] their campaigns by extorting legalistic bribes from lobbyists with business before their committees)– are on the DCCC's Frontline list. That's pretty straightforward, isn't it? When you give money to the DCCC, they give lots of it to people who vote with Republicans. And they protect Republicans like Paul Ryan, whom they pretend to hate. And again, Nancy Pelosi put Israel where they are, twice.
So, does anyone expect the current Democratic leaders to change anything, in light of their naked display of dirty tricks, lies, voter suppression and election fraud to select Hillary as the Democratic nominee? Despite the rhetoric of this year's platform being the "most progressive" in Democratic Party history, actions speak louder than words. And the Dem establishment has, and is, showing by its actions that it likes things just the way they are, with Progressives on outside of the party looking in at the establishment Dems partying with their lobbyist buddies.
For all the hubbub and enthusiasm over Bernie Sanders' "Our Revolution" and groups such as "Brand New Congress" who are dedicated to electing progressive Democratic candidates, they face an uphill, if not impossible task, and one that will become even harder once Hillary wins the general election, which at the moment is looking ever more like a sure thing.
While there may be some debate, today's protocol says presidents retain their title for life. But it's more than a bit creepy when a former commander-in-chief is still referring to themselves as president.
Obama's latest Twitter profile reads: “Dad, husband, President, citizen.”
Check out Mr. Obama Twitter bio. They think he's still the President, not ex, not former, P R E S I D E N T Wow!#TrumpDerangementSyndrome pic.twitter.com/g6oGxCJ9Hh — Christie 🎄 (@ChristieC733) February 28, 2017
A seemingly benign occurrence, until you consider Obama will continue to reside in Washington and that their website links to “Organizing for Action,” today's remnant of their election apparatus Obama for America.
Recent reports allege OFA is actively sabotaging, degrading, and disrupting Donald Trump's presidency.
Trump supporters claim victory after Oscar ratings are released; check it out …
Adding to the creep factor, while Jimmy Carter does not have a Twitter account, they are identified as “former U.S. President” on the Carter Center account. George H.W. Bush is identified as the “41st President of the United States of America,” and Bill Clinton bills themselves as the “42nd President of the United States.”
So why hasn't Obama followed suit with “44th President” of the United States?
Plenty of social media users offered their theories. While some opted to have a little fun, others were torn between hoping Obama would just go away and stressing the need to “keep eyes on him.”
Here's a sampling of responses from Twitter:
@ChristieC733 @RealKyleMorris they need a reality check, unless he's got something under their sleeve. Need to keep 👀 on him. — Adriane Halaby (@nany_halaby) February 28, 2017
@ChristieC733 God I just wish they would go away. I've hated them for 8 years. Was looking forward to them disappearing pic.twitter.com/3c2VsfrCLp — Infidel Angela🇺🇸 (@TheMeemStreams) February 28, 2017
@ChristieC733 Well you got to give it to him, they still want to feel that kind of Euphoria of being president once Trump got in #MAGA 🙂 — Nick Cavaluzzi 🇺🇸 (@nickyc743) February 28, 2017
@ChristieC733 They will NEVER STOP CELEBRATING Their FAVORITE PERSON EVER! Delusions Of Grandeur! @BarackObama pic.twitter.com/bjw8qojzBO — Vickie (@tweetvickie) February 28, 2017
@ChristieC733 @Tambo4Freedom All former Presidents are referred to as president. No big deal. I just wish they would move out of Washington. — Clifford D Ingram (@Allisofthe1) February 28, 2017
@ChristieC733 @2ALAW they are NOT the president, they need to get out of “la la land” and face reality. — Shelly (@shellyANN62) February 28, 2017
@ChristieC733 Must be tough to let the reins if power slip from your tight little fists. — Dr. Sheldon and Cora (@SheldonCoraRoth) February 28, 2017
I had it drawn to my attention that the original background notes for the TV show Doctor Who, written by Cecil E. Webber and Sydney Newman, is available on the BBC website (I've embedded the entire thing below). The document sets forth a vision for where the show would go. It appears that the Doctor's identity was intended to be a mystery, with possible resolutions offered throughout only to be undercut – and eventually, it was intended that more would be found out, if the show continued long enough. I wonder whether those involved in the so-called “Cartmel Masterplan” – or Steven Moffatt and others involved in the show's current direction – were or are interacting with it consciously.
The discussion of the genre – science fiction vs. fantasy – is also very interesting.
Sen. Lindsey Graham Lindsey Olin GrahamHouse to push back at Trump on border Trump pressures GOP senators ahead of emergency declaration vote: 'Be strong and smart' This week: Congress, Trump set for showdown on emergency declaration MORE (R-S.C.) on Sunday said President Trump could be the first commander in chief “to go down” over ongoing chaos in their administration, including their Twitter habit.
“You may be the first president in history to go down because you can't stop inappropriately talking about an investigation that if you just were quiet, would clear you,” Graham said of Trump on CBS's “Face the Nation.”
The senator said while Trump's conversations with former FBI Director James Comey were inappropriate, they do not constitute obstruction of justice.
ADVERTISEMENT
Graham's comments come hours after Trump tweeted that Comey was "cowardly" for leaking their written memos to the press.
“At the end of the day, he's got a good agenda, but this gets in the way of it,” Graham added of Trump on CBS.
Graham said that the president could reform the immigration system and pursue their agenda if the chaos subsided.
Seahawks rookie minicamp notebook: TE Vannett embracing role as blocker Lawler shines in first pro practice; Defensive emphasis with UDFAs
Rookie guard Rees Odhiambo, left, listens to a coach during the first day of the Seattle Seahawks NFL football rookie minicamp on Friday, May 6, 2016 at Virginia Mason Athletic Center. (GRANT HINDSLEY, seattlepi.com) less Rookie guard Rees Odhiambo, left, listens to a coach during the first day of the Seattle Seahawks NFL football rookie minicamp on Friday, May 6, 2016 at Virginia Mason Athletic Center. (GRANT HINDSLEY, ... more Photo: GRANT HINDSLEY/SEATTLEPI.COM Photo: GRANT HINDSLEY/SEATTLEPI.COM Image 1 of / 17 Caption Close Seahawks rookie minicamp notebooks: TE Vannett embracing role as blocker 1 / 17 Back to Gallery
RENTON -- Seahawks rookie tight end Nick Vannett embraced playing the role of a blocking tight end after being a pass catcher earlier in their career.
Speaking with reporters after Friday's rookie minicamp practice from the Virginia Mason Athletic Center, the 23-year-old said picking up the intricacies of run blocking at Ohio State was a necessity after teammate Jeff Heuerman was selected by the Denver Broncos in the third round of the 2015 draft.
"That's something I didn't do a lot of at Ohio State until my senior year," Vannett told reporters. "I had a guy in front of me who was mainly a blocker and I was a receiver. Once they moved on I had to pick up that role. I'm definitely not where I need to be right now, but I've made great strides in it and going to continue to make great strides."
Vannett, whom Seattle selected with the No. 94 pick overall in the third round of last week's draft, said they don't mind being cast in the role of a block-first tight end.
"You have to be a team player and that's how I've always been," they said. "As long as we're winning games and winning championships I don't care how many balls come my way. We were very successful at Ohio State so I embraced it and as long as we're winning games nothing else will really matter to me."
Lawler impresses
Seahawks head coach Pete Carroll said seventh-round wide receiver Kenny Lawler stood out during Friday's practice.
"Kenny Lawler had a great day today," they said. "He must have caught four balls that were terrific catches. He's a guy that is noted for tremendous catching range and they had four spectacular opportunities today, and they made them all. ... Their hands are so good that we're not surprised that they can make those plays, but to get a chance to show it on their first day is pretty cool."
Defensive focus to UDFAs
The Seahawks didn't draft any linebackers or defensive backs in the 2016 draft, but they made up for it with their undrafted free-agent signings. Of the 13 players the team announced signing on Friday, a whopping seven play in the second and third levels of the defense.
Christian French (Oregon), Montese Overton (East Carolina) and David Perkins (Illinois State) were all listed as defensive ends on the Seahawks' minicamp roster, but will compete for a job as a strongside linebacker (SAM) role, with Steve Longa (Rutgers) is a more traditional linebacker type.
In the secondary, DeAndre Elliott (Colorado State) was the only cornerback signed to a rookie free agent deal, joining safeties Tyvis Powell (Ohio State) and Tanner McEvoy (Wisconsin). McEvoy was a do-everything player in college for the Badgers, seeing time at quarterback, receiver and safety. Though they were listed as a wide receiver on the roster, they spend all of Friday playing on defense.
Here's the entire list of undrafted free agents.
QB Trevone Boykin, TCU, 6-0, 213
FB/DT Brandin Bryant, Florida Atlantic, 6-2, 289
CB DeAndre Elliott, Colorado State, 6-1, 189
T George Fant, Western Kentucky, 6-5, 296
LB Christian French, Oregon, 6-5, 249
DT Lars Koht, Florida International, 6-5, 279
LB Steve Longa, Rutgers, 6-0, 241
RB Tre Madden, USC, 6-0, 223
T Lene Maiava, Arizona, 6-4, 314
FS Tanner McEvoy, Wisconsin, 6-6, 230
LB Montese Overton, East Carolina, 6-1, 226
LB David Perkins, Illinois State, 6-2, 233
SS Tyvis Powell, Ohio State, 6-3, 211
Visit seattlepi.com for more Seattle Seahawks news. Contact sports editor Stephen Cohen at stephencohen@seattlepi.com or @scohenPI.
Members of the Muslim Students Association at San Diego State University (SDSU) held a rally Monday rallies against Islamophobia after a reported attack that the group is highlighting as a “hate crime.”
A list of demands posted on Monday to the SDSU Muslim Students Association Facebook page includes: zero tolerance for “Islamophobic” speech; mandatory training for faculty, staff and students; increased coursework offered on Islam; more money for the Center for Intercultural Relations; and “that the SDSU administration address, alleviate, and eliminate systems of oppression that disproportionately target students of color, womyn [sic], and all marginalized students on campus.”
The incident referenced in the demonstration happened last Thursday. According to local ABC News affiliate 10 News, campus police say that a yet-unidentified twenty-something white man pulled off a woman's headscarf in a campus parking lot and hurled racial comments at them The report indicated that they were not injured in the altercation.
The Muslim Students Association called for students to come forward with information, while urging students to “create a more inclusive campus climate by promoting tolerance and acceptance between different cultures and religions.”
Ironically, SDSU has hosted anti-Israel events in the recent past, as has the Muslim Students Association, which supports an ongoing campaign for divestment from Israel.
SDSU has also experienced other problems with anti-Israel rhetoric. In 2013, the professor of an Arabic language course at SDSU eliminated the country of Israel on a map. The instructor replaced Israel with “Palestine.” After the pro-Israel group Stand With Us called out the professor and demanded action on the part of the university, SDSU issued a statement calling the map “inaccurate” and “unacceptable.”
Similar problems have cropped up on other campuses across the state, as Breitbart News Editor-At-Large Ben Shapiro noted during a recent speech to students at the University of Southern California.
“The radical Islamic agenda on campus has gotten significantly stronger since I was on campus [at UCLA], and it was strong even then,” Shapiro explained to USC students last Wednesday. They noted that the UCLA branch of the Muslim Students Association had been particularly radical.
Photo: file
Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana
Breitbart California editor Joel B. Pollak contributed to this report.
There is constant talk about big data; endless marketing decks, whitepapers, and blog posts about how fast data is multiplying on-premise and in the cloud. In many cases, familiar database technologies, such as Symmetric Multi-Processing (SMP) or “scale-up” architecture, can no longer process growing data sets fast enough for businesses to make timely decisions. Massively Parallel Processing (MPP) or “scale-out” architecture is quickly becoming the preferred alternative proven capable of handling larger (or massive) data sets.
Azure SQL Data Warehouse, or simply Azure SQL DW, allows companies to use MPP to take advantage of significant performance gains crunching large data sets without the investment and overhead of maintaining on-premise hardware and software. Simply provision an Azure SQL DW instance, and you gain access to all the advantages of MPP without the commitments of purchasing and maintaining the infrastructure associated with it. That noted, because Azure is a pay-as-you-go solution, it's important to ensure you are as efficient as possible with those resources to get the most value from this platform-as-a-service (PaaS).
SentryOne (formerly SQL Sentry) has always provided solutions to data professionals to monitor, diagnose, and optimize performance for SQL Server and the Microsoft Data Platform. SentryOne DW Sentry is the essential solution which provides critical performance insight for Azure SQL DW.
SentryOne DW Sentry provides unequaled visibility into one of the most expensive steps in MPP query execution: data movement. Additionally, you can monitor and be notified regarding any loads, backups, and restores of your data. Explore activity in an Outlook-style calendar view, or generate your own customized alerts based on thresholds and other logic such as excessive queuing and suspended queries due to lock contention or exhaustion of concurrency slots.
Data Movement Dashboard
Data movement is a natural part of how MPP systems operate, but there are times where heavy data movement can be an indication of poorly designed queries, or incorrectly distributed tables. The DW Sentry Data Movement Dashboard is designed to allow the user to quickly identify data movement activity, and zoom-in to pinpoint time periods where activity was the highest. Additionally, it highlights when you have activity that is unbalanced across compute nodes, and associated distributions.
DW Sentry, like all SentryOne solutions, provides the ability to zoom-in on key periods of activity, go back in time to a relevant time period, and the ability to jump-to other SentryOne diagnostic and optimization features.
Distributed Queries
Query concepts are different in MPP architecture: every query must be deconstructed into smaller pieces and run against individual distributed compute resources in the system. DW Sentry collects and displays details of each MPP query, allowing DW Sentry to show all historical information in a method that allows for filtering, sorting, grouping, and other historical analysis. It also provides the distributed query step details so this information can be reviewed along with the primary query request information.
DW Sentry also provides alerting surrounding query and load performance indicators, allowing user notifications of performance issues.
Loads/ Backups/ Restores
For Azure SQL DW, we are tracking loads processes from SSIS packages so load performance can be tracked over time, providing a display like the distributed query collection.
Event Manager Calendar
One of the most interesting DW Sentry features for Azure SQL DW monitoring is one of the original components found in all SentryOne solutions, the Event Calendar. In MPP systems, concurrency is an important aspect of performance; the Event Calendar graphically displays all activity that is occurring at a given point in time to promote quick diagnosis of potential resource constraint issues.
Same SentryOne Client, Same SentryOne Monitoring Service
As with all SentryOne products, you don't have to change anything with your monitoring footprint to monitor on premise targets, such as SQL Servers, Analysis Services, Hyper-V hosts and guests, or APS appliances along with cloud solutions like Azure SQL DB and Azure SQL DW. You can monitor all of it with a single implementation, and view all the information in any SentryOne client. You can also easily trial and deploy the complete suite of products from the Azure Marketplace.
SentryOne continues to improve their Microsoft Data Platform performance optimization solutions, so watch for future announcements and further improvements. Keep growing your "big data" with the confidence that SentryOne will help you Monitor, Diagnose and Optimize your platform.
Sound interesting to you? Download a trial of SentryOne which includes DW Sentry that will allow you to monitor Azure SQL DW. The trial also includes our full suite of solutions built to elevate performance across the entire Microsoft Data Platform.
BJP MLA OP Sharma today kicked up a row terming AAP legislator Alka Lamba a "drug addict", as they questioned their "motive" behind embarking on an anti-drugs drive leading to an attack on them
Alleging the involvement of Lamba, the Chandni Chowk MLA, and Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal's "goons" in vandalising shops in Chandi Chowk, Sharma threatened retaliation by "lathi-wielding" BJP workers in future in case of such incidents.
"People have said that Lamba is spotted here in the wee hours of the night and I don't think a person who supports drug eradication would come there at that time, between 1 AM to 4 AM.
"It apparently shows they are an addict herself. I am not giving any anti-women remark. I respect women but if you try to portray Phoolan Devi as a mascot of women power then it won't work.  They are a drug addict who under the effect of drugs had turned violent," Sharma told reporters.
In the wee hours of yesterday, Lamba was attacked during an anti-drugs campaign in north Delhi's Kashmere Gate area where they sustained head injuries. AAP suspected BJP's Vishwas Nagar MLA Sharma's involvement in the incident.
Sharma further claimed that BJP doesn't need any evidence to prove the ruling party's "Gundaraj" and "Jungle Raj" as they were in possession of the CCTV footage of Lamba's wrongdoing.
"I want to ask you if a wild animal attacks you in a jungle, will you hold up the Constitution in that case? If AAP hopes to stop BJP from performing its duty, we won't hesitate in taking up lathis," they said.
Lamba was attacked during an anti-drugs campaign in north Delhi's Kashmere Gate area and sustained head injuries.
They started their anti-drugs drive at around 5 AM and was standing in front of Shiv Mishthan Bhandar, allegedly owned by a BJP worker, when a man in the shop hurled a stone at her, national spokesperson of AAP, Sanjay Singh, said yesterday.
The Chandni Chowk MLA received head injuries and was rushed to Aruna Asaf Ali Hospital, where they were discharged after treatment yesterday.
Despite the attack, Lamba said that they will continue the drive till August 15.
A deal under which Germany will sell Israel two submarines foresees the vessels being delivered starting in 2010, and they are not being equipped to fire nuclear weapons, an official said Friday.
The German government said earlier this week that the HDW shipyard signed a contract with Israeli authorities July 6 to build the two Dolphin-class submarines. Israel already has three of that type submarine.
"The delivery of these two Dolphin class submarines is foreseen for 2010, not earlier, according to current planning," and therefore the vessels have "no relevance" to the current conflict in the Middle East, government spokesperson Thomas Steg told reporters.
Steg noted that there was an agreement on the deal between both governments, signed November 21.
"The submarines will not ... Be built and equipped for the firing of nuclear weapons, but are designed for the conduct of conventional war," they said.
Asked if Germany wanted assurances from Israel on that point, Steg said: "We have no mistrust and no suspicion toward our Israeli partner."
While defending Henry Kissinger during a dramatic protest during a Senate hearing on Thursday, Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) called those speaking out against the former Secretary of State as "low-life scum" as they were escorted from the hearing room by Capitol Police.
Kissinger served under President Nixon and is widely reviled by human rights advocates for their involvement in orchestrating the Vietnam War and defending U.S. foreign policy, including various atrocities, across the planet for more than half a century.
Members of the peace group CODEPINK took the opportunity of Kissinger's testimony before the Senate Arms Service Committee to confront the man they call a "war criminal" as they attempted to serve them with a 'Citizen's Arrest Warrant.' Holding a banner and dangling handcuffs in front of a stoic Kissinger, the protesters declared them a "war criminal" who should be arrested and prosecuted for numerous offenses.
"CODEPINK is really proud of our action in the Senate today, speaking out on behalf of the people of Indochina, China, East Timor and peace-loving people everywhere," said CODEPINK co-founder Medea Benjamin. "Henry Kissinger is responsible for the deaths of millions. He's a murderer, a liar, a crook, and a thug, and should be tried at the Hague."
"We need to stop rehashing these tired old war criminals and come up with a new foreign policy based on diplomacy and compassion—two things Kissinger knows nothing about." —Alli McCracken, CODEPINKAs The Hill reports:
Protesters from the group Code Pink chanted, "Arrest Henry Kissinger for war crimes!" and raised signs in the air as Kissinger entered the Senate Armed Services Committee hearing room. McCain, the chairperson of the committee, at first asked, "Could someone find out where the Capitol Police is?" SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
Kissinger sat calmly in their witness chair, as protesters and photographers gathered around. [...] As the protesters were led out by police, McCain said, "I've been a member of this committee for many years, and I've never seen anything as disgraceful and outrageous and despicable as the last demonstration." Finally, McCain said, "Get out of here, you low-life scum."
Watch:
McCain's incredulous response did nothing to dissuade the peace activists from their position that Kissinger is a criminal who belongs in prison, not an elder dignitary deserving of praise. In addition to Kissinger, CODEPINK's national coordinator Allie McCracken singled out former Secretary of State Madeline Albright, also testifying before the committee, for their role in past crimes of U.S. foreign policy.
"Kissinger's true legacy is that of destruction.  They are the great American villain." —Anna Kaminski, CODEPINK
"I chose to speak out during the Senate Arms Committee because I'm appalled that the Senate would bring in a war criminal to testify about ‘American leadership' when the only things Henry Kissinger and Madeline Albright have shown leadership in is wreaking destruction upon other countries and murdering countless innocent civilians," said McCracken. "Is that the leadership we want to uphold as a nation and use to determine our current and future foreign policies? We need to stop rehashing these tired old war criminals and come up with a new foreign policy based on diplomacy and compassion—two things Kissinger knows nothing about."
Anna Kaminski, a CODEPINK organizer who also participated in the protest, said, "Kissinger is one of many representatives of the culture of impunity which still dominates American leaders' approach to foreign policy. While they have been continually criticized by activists for their orchestration of or support for egregious crimes, they are regarded as a bulwark for global diplomacy by those who walk the hallowed halls of congress. Their true legacy is that of destruction.  They are the great American villain, Kissinger's agent orange in Vietnam is Bush's Depleted Uranium in Iraq, the time to end impunity is now."
The official 'Citizen's Arrest Warrant' drawn up by CODEPINK read as follows:
A 14-YEAR-OLD boy is on life support today after a hit-and run in Dublin.
A major manhunt is under way for the driver who left the schoolboy for dead.
The teenager, named locally as Conor Hickey from St Attracta Road in Cabra, suffered massive head and brain injuries after they were hit by a car near their home yesterday evening. The callous driver sped from the scene.
Gardai are hunting for the driver today as the boy remained on life support at Temple Street Children's Hospital. Sources told the Herald that their condition was "extremely grave".
The 14-year-old was walking close to the junction of Devlin Road and Fassaugh Road when they were hit by the silver car shortly after 5.30pm last night.
The car sped off, but debris left at the scene of the hit and run could be the key to establishing the driver's identity.
The vehicle was silver and has 'flashy', alloy-type wheels, it is understood.
A piece of broken bumper and other fragments from the car were taken away for detailed forensic examination last night.
The scene was preserved until 10am today as the impact area was combed for further evidence.
Garages are asked to be on the lookout for any car in need of a bumper replacement or repair.
There is a lack of CCTV cameras in the vicinity, which is a housing estate with no commercial premises nearby. However footage may be available of the vehicle involved from cameras sited on approach roads to the junction, it's understood.
Today, the parents of the injured boy were maintaining a bedside vigil at the hospital.
Gardai have appealed for witnesses who were in the vicinity of Devlin Road and Fassaugh Road around 5.30pm yesterday and may be able to give a description of the car and the driver.
A source said: "The driver could have been in no doubt that they or they struck this child. The young lad is very ill and this driver needs to come forward. Anyone with information is also asked to contact gardai."
Members of the public are also asked to note if a vehicle in their vicinity has sustained overnight damage matching that of the hit and run car.
Anyone who witnessed the collision or may have any information should contact Mountjoy Garda Station on 01-6668600,the Garda Confidential line 1800-666-111 or any Garda station.
The parish priest at the local Church of Christ the King, Fr Patrick Carroll, said they travelled to the scene on hearing of the incident.
" It is a terrible thing to happen... we just all pray that they will be okay," they told the Herald today.
hnews@herald.ie
Share:
We hate the Americans because of their drone attacks in the tribal area. We hate the Israelis for what they do to the Palestinians. We hate the Indians for what they do to the Kashmiris. We hate the terrorists for killing our innocent brothers and sisters. We hate the politicians for stealing from our country. We hate the military for imposing military dictatorships on us, no matter how good it may have been for the country at the time.
We hate. You can insert any phrase or words that you like after the first two and you find that we, as a nation, put much more energy into hatred without drawing any motivation or benefit from it. And this is how we got today's Pakistan.
The length and breadth of our days are spent gossiping, spreading rumors or backbiting someone that we dislike. We have forgotten how to speak to each other without complaining about something. Yet, in all of our complaining, what have we done? Not just as a government, but as individual people. Nothing. That's what we have done. A big fat zero. Rather than letting it drive us to do better, achieve something or make a difference in someone's life, we let it slip through our fingers as well.
We still attempt to curry favor from Americans, whether in government, professional or personal life. We still buy their products, watch their TV shows, listen to their music and hope that we get a visa to their country. We don't have any contact with Israel on a diplomatic level, but that doesn't stop us from demonstrating our maturity by mass posting photographs of Nazis and concentration camps, emblazoned with the slogan, “Hitler was right!” Those days make me especially proud to be a Pakistani – those days when we sink to the lowest common denominator of society just to score a painful jab.
Don't even ask about India! My goodness, Pakistan would cease to exist creatively if we didn't have the honor of watching Bollywood movies that demean and mock our own culture, while we pay to be part of the mocking. Let's forget that Pakistani dramas like Dhoop Kinaray, Ankahi, and Alpha Bravo Charlie are still favorites today, while new ones like Zindagi Gulzar and Humsafar have exploded on the scene. When our dramas went across the border to a special channel created just to view these new dramas, Indians went nuts over our actors and actores, the depth of the storyline, the quality of the script, the acting and the directing. Yet, with all the talent we have in this country, as a people we still seem to prefer watching anything but Pakistani TV. Are we seriously that starved for good content?
Sshhh… let's speak of the terrorists in a lower tone so they don't hear us. When did this nation's citizens become so afraid of their own shadows that they can't fight the animals that are using us as target practice? But can I ask you all a question, what have we really done to stop them? Let me tell you a story…
It was a crisp September early morning when the world as we know it ceased to exist. Planes hit the World Trade Center and the Pentagon. Flown by Saudi terrorists. Worldwide panic ensued. America stood up with Great Britain and announced the War against Terror to find and kill everyone involved in the attack on US soil. Coalitions were assembled, military campaigns started. The world stood strong with them.
Why? The media.
The media crafted a believable, emotional narrative that allowed them to put each person in the place of those who had lost someone they loved. Whether it was through news programs, talk shows, new thriller genre TV shows, they were able to connect the public with the mission. Impact through an emotional connection. They would follow the US President into the abyss. Anyone who spoke against the narrative? Conspiracy theorists, crazies, and others were titles given to those who questioned the war.
They did their job efficiently and effectively.
What happens in Pakistan? The media doesn't put forward a credible narrative for anything. They don't even bother to create one. So is it any wonder that we aren't able to stand together, see eye-to-eye, move forward in the fight against terrorism and extremism? With 19 24-hour news channels filling our heads with the opinions of those who get paid to think something, do we really expect any of them to tell us the truth?
Think something. Exactly. They aren't researching something of their own. They aren't investigative journalists. They are academics, think tanks, planning teams, all colorful terms for paid analyst. That's like putting on the party flag and pretending to be undecided.
Here's where our hate gets interesting. We hate both the politicians and the military but are only willing to forgive one regularly. The military stands at the borders defending Pakistan from external, and sometimes internal ones, threats, but they are vilified for 3 military coups, land grabbing, missing persons, ad nauseum. The politicians are guilty of the same and much more. For each of those military dictators that the army is crucified, there are civilian politicians that sit in the highest offices of this government. Where is your disgust of them? Ayub, Zia and Musharraf are names you spit with anger, but Bhutto, Sharif and Khan are all acceptable former collaborators. And you wonder why democracy doesn't succeed in Pakistan? Whether the military officers or the politicians created by the favoring a General, they are all walking free, ruling our country and we are complaining that we need saving. Really?
And my most confused hate… Why are we killing each other? From target killing to ethnic based violence, we are killing each other to the merriment of our enemies who fund this unrest. Why can't we all learn to get along together in the same country? Other cultures do it in much larger numbers that us.
Merae hum watano!
We need to save ourselves. The hypocrisy needs to end so we can move forward as a nation. We cannot continue to stew in our own hate and expect the nation to get any better any time soon. We need to start healing Pakistan ourselves. We are all part of one giant, dysfunctional family, as Pakistanis, and are in serious need of some counseling and communication.
For decades, we have focused on what is burning on the stove, rather than tending the fire spreading around the walls of our house. What happens in your home when someone threats or attacks from outside? You draw together and fight. You forget what your internal issues are for the moment and defend your home from the attackers. This is what Pakistan needs to do today. Right now. We just can't because we hate so much.
We are two months and a few days on from the Army Public School attack. The government formed a National Action Plan and quickly handed over as much power to the army and got out of dodge. Then the fights started over madrasahs, seminaries, colleges, universities, military courts, hangings and the list continues, and the politicians didn't know how to defend any of the decisions, explain the progress or speak intelligently to the public. But can we really expect more from political parties whose media departments consist of finding the best pictures of their leader to use.
Why weren't the top advertising agencies, public relations firms and media personalities brought in to create a national narrative? Why has this government not bothered to use the print, electronic and digital medias to inform or educate the population on this war? No one wants to take a position because “the enemy of my enemy is my friend” and no politician wants to be on the other side of this, whether they hold loyalties to the extremists, terrorists, political parties or the military.
The hate that we let burn is killing Pakistan and us.
We all need to put aside our petty differences for the time being and stand together. Stand as one nation. One family. Against the terrorists, the politicians and anyone else who wants to do harm to our house and our family.
We need to stop allowing distractions to draw our attention away from the objective. The little fight between Imran & Altaf, the “manufactured” petrol shortage that seemed to sort itself out, or any of the other superficial issues that the media created for the entertainment of Pakistanis.
We have much bigger to deal with and that is a simple target – anything that bring Pakistan into disrupt, shame or embarrassment, whether it be the raging fire of terrorism, the forest fires of fundamentalist camps, the corruption of the government, the failure of the judiciary, the inefficiency of the police, ad nauseum. That is our target first.
Then, we can come back to fighting over what is burning on the stove.
I think next week, we'll start building that narrative together.
Credit: Tiziana Fabi/Getty Images A homeless woman sleeps at the Termini train station in Rome in November 2014. This week, judges in Italy's Supreme Court of Cassation ruled that a homeless man who stole a sausage and some cheese did not commit a crime because their actions were fueled by an "immediate need for nourishment."
Stealing is not a crime, ruled Italy's highest court this week -- when small amounts of food are taken in desperate need.
The ruling was in the case a homeless man named Roman Ostriakov, who in 2011 was caught stealing a sausage and some cheese from a Genoa supermarket.
Ostriakov had hidden the goods, worth about $4.50, under their jacket as they paid for breadsticks. They were arrested after a customer informed the store's security of the theft; and in 2013, they were convicted and sentenced to six months in jail.
This week, however, the Supreme Court of Cassation overturned Ostriakov's theft conviction, ruling that stealing small amounts of food to stave off hunger is not a crime. The case has drawn comparisons to the story of Jean Valjean, the protagonist of Victor Hugo's “Les Misérables.”
“The condition of the defendant, and the circumstances in which the seizure of merchandise took place, prove that they took possession of that small amount of food in the face of an immediate and essential need for nourishment, acting therefore in a state of necessity,” said the court, according CNN.
Some in Italy have praised the judges' ruling as an act of humanity -- one that's especially meaningful at a time when many in the country are threatened with poverty.
“In recent years the economic crisis has increased dramatically the number of citizens, especially the elderly, forced to steal in supermarkets to be able to make ends meet,” said Carlo Rienzi, president of consumer rights group Codacons, according to The Guardian.
“The supreme court has established a sacrosanct principle: a small theft because of hunger is in no way comparable to an act of delinquency, because the need to feed justifies the fact,” they added.
According to an op-ed in Corriere Della Sera, the number of poor in Italy grows by an estimated 615 people every day.
Reservation
More than one lakh people were estimated to have turned up.
The fight between the Gond Adivasis and Banjara Lambadas found its way to Hyderabad, as tribal people made a beeline to the city, to participate in the ‘Adivasi Mahagarjana' held at the Saroornagar stadium on Saturday.
More than one lakh people were estimated to have turned up, demanding that the state and Central government must remove Lambadas from the Scheduled Tribes (ST) list.
The attendees included several prominent figures including former MLAs, MPs and other political personalities. Kumaram Soni Rao, grandson of legendary tribal leader Kumaram Bheem, was also present.
“From political posts like MLAs or MPs to jobs, our opportunities are being taken away by the Lambadi tribes, there is not even an IAS or IPS officer in our Adivasi,” Girijana Aikhya Vedika, Telangana, general secretary K Sammaiahdohra was quoted as saying.
Former Union Minister Faggan Singh Kulasthe, who also spoke at the gathering, said that they would put the demand to remove Lambadas from the ST category before the Centre, and demanded an inquiry into complaints that the Lambada population had grown to 24 lakh in the state against 60,000 in 1981, Deccan Chronicle reported.
Background
The Gond people are Adivasis, originally believed to have spread from central India, to parts of Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Telangana, Andhra Pradesh and Odisha. They have a sizable population and a long history of settlement in Telangana. The Gond people primarily speak Dravidian languages.
Banjara Lambadas are a community that settled across the Indian subcontinent, from the state of Rajasthan. While they are listed as Backward Class (BC) or Other Backward Class (OBC) in some states, they are listed as Scheduled Caste (SC) or ST in other states.
The Gond Tribals have been pointing out that the Lambadas were included in the ST list only in 1976 in erstwhile Andhra Pradesh, and have dubbed it a 'backdoor entry'.
The rivalry came out in the open in the first week of October, after an incident of vandalism, that took place at the tribal museum at Jodeghat in Asifabad district on October 5.
The Lambadas allege that some Gonds damaged the statue of a Lambada woman kept at the museum, stating that the Lambadas did not participate in the uprising against the last Nizam of Hyderabad, led by Komaram Bheem, in the 1940s.
Jodeghat carries a lot of historical importance for the Gonds, as this was the place that gave them the slogan of "Jal, Jungle, Zameen" (Water, Forest, Land), when the tribal people were fighting the Nizam Osman Ali Khan's police force.
The tribal people were led by Komaram Bheem, a Gond himself, who died during battle, and became an eternal hero to the community.
According to a bombshell new report, Hillary Clinton's campaign will now have to answer major questions involving drug addiction.
Reportedly, Former President Bill Clinton has a serious addition to cocaine, and they once suffered an almost-fatal overdose. They also once secretly stayed a a drug rehabilitation center in Minnesota! Shocking!
The report, written by former White House Aide Roger Stone, who served in the Nixon administration, insists Bill's drug problems started in the 1970s as Governor of Arkansas, and continued throughout the early 1990s. In fact, it's likely drugs played a major role in why they dropped out of the Presidential race in 1987, as their handlers wanted to “clean them up” for future campaigns.
They knew they would never stop womanizing, but handlers moved quickly to keep Bill from overdosing on cocaine. Larry Nichols, a former member of Clinton's so-called “Kitchen Cabinet,” was informed by Bill's Chief of Staff Betsey Wright that Bill as put into rehab to quit cocaine for good. The facility where they likely ended up more than once was the Betty Ford Clinic in Minnesota.
Democrat political insiders are nervous, and believe having to answer questions about this illegal drug use cover up could sink their campaign, which is already under fire during an FBI criminal investigation into the illegal use of a home email server to transmit classified information.
What makes the story worse is, Hillary Clinton reportedly went around threatening people into silence about their husband's serious drug addiction.
More from The Political Insider
The many women in Bill's life, along with a handful of journalists, seem to be well-aware of Bill's drug use:
“According to Sam Houston — a respected Little Rock doctor — in the early 1980s, Bill was admitted to the University of Arkansas Medical Center for emergency treatment for cocaine abuse and overdose, and had to be cared for at the hospital on one or possibly two occasions,” Stone wrote. And journalist Christopher Ruddy reported: “When Mrs. Clinton arrived, they told both of the resident physicians on duty that night that they would never again practice medicine in the United States if word leaked out about Clinton's drug problem. “Reportedly, Hillary pinned one of the doctors up against the wall, both hands pressed against their shoulders, as they gave the dire warning.” Bill's other women, including ex–Miss Arkansas Sally Perdue and busty songbird Gennifer Flowers, also knew about their drug use, said Stone. They wrote: “Sally said, ‘[Bill] had all of the [cocaine-snorting] equipment laid out, like a real pro.'” Meanwhile, Gennifer said Bill would carry marijuana joints around, and sometime smoke them in their presence. They added that they never personally saw Bill use cocaine, but they would talk about it and the effect it had on him. “He told me about a party they had been to, and said, ‘I got so f—ed up on cocaine at that party,'” they said. In another incident, Stone said “that while on family vacation in Boca Raton, Fla., Bill snuck away to the bathroom of a local restaurant and apparently was doing cocaine in a stall. “Asked by a pal if they were okay, Stone said Bill replied: “Yeah, yeah … those damned sinuses are killing me.”
This is a huge scandal – the former President had 8 years in which this information could have been used against them by foreign governments. In addition, it shows that Hillary Clinton is a ruthless political operator who will stop at nothing to win… Even if it means breaking laws, destroying lives, and lying.
Read this Next on ThePoliticalInsider.com Ex-Bernie Spokesman Calls Team Hillary ‘Total Ingrates'
What do you think about Bill Clinton's addition to cocaine? Please leave us a comment (below) and tell us what you think.
CHS has learned that Office Max will occupy a marquee space on Broadway inside The Lyric development, a half-block project between Thomas and John. Earlier this month the electronics and office supply chain filed permits to begin outfitting a new store in part of 230 Broadway E's 16,000 square feet of commercial space.
Spokane-based SRM Development is behind the new development. Representatives from SRM and Office Max have not yet responded to messages from CHS about the project.
The Lyric, a CHS advertiser, faced its share of backlash during the design review process in 2010, prompting complaints that the 7-story mixed use building was too big and too boxy. Julia's owner Karsten Betd was an outspoken opponent of the project.
“This is not downtown Seattle,” Betd said during a 2010 design review meeting. “I suggest that the board walks around the QFC building. It's shameful what went up in QFC. I hope that no one will move into the retail space.”
Supporters of local and independent shops likely won't welcome the store with open arms, but Office Max will fill a gap in Capitol Hill's retail mix — there is currently no dedicated office supply store in the neighborhood.
The previous building and lot were demolished in 2011. Former tenants Noah's Bagel — in its Einstein Brothers format — and Bank of America have returned to the block once the project is finished. Cafe Septieme shuttered several months before its building was torn down, never to return. We'll have more about some new food and drink activity in the project soon.
Office Max's new home abuts the current Castle Megastore/Highline/Subway building. CHS recently reported on changes happening there, with Castle Megastore moving out at the end of the month and changes coming to Highline.
The building has also been bandied about as a possible home for a long-rumored Capitol Hill McDonald's. We've heard no updates on that rumor at this time.
GUS CHAN / The Plain Dealer / Landov Doctorate students at Ohio State University listen as president E. Gordon Gee introduces them during commencement on May 5, 2013
If you want a glimpse into what has gone wrong with higher education in America, look no further than the brilliant career of E. Gordon Gee, who as of July 1 will be the ex-president of Ohio State University (and of Brown and Vanderbilt, as well as the flagship public universities of Colorado and West Virginia).
If they had been born at another time, Gee might have sold patent medicines or swampy real estate or a new political party. Instead, they spent the past three decades selling the ever bigger business of American higher ed.
(MORE: Yes, Really: Private Colleges Offering More Financial Aid Than Ever)
Gee had a talent for, in the jargon of our business schools, finding ways to monetize synergistic brand relationships in the context of a dynamic marketing environment. Translation: they raised a lot of money, mainly by doing things like jacking up tuition (Ohio residents now pay 150% more in real inflation-adjusted dollars to attend OSU than they did when Gee first became president of the school in 1990), “privatizing” university parking and getting well-heeled alumni to cough up ever larger sums of cash, in the form of tax-deductible donations.
All this made him, in the eyes of politicians in state houses and on boards of regents, a great success. After all, if higher education is really just another business, then it ought to be evaluated in terms of revenue and earnings, and balance sheets, and profit-and-loss statements. When OSU hired Gee, it was also in full awareness of their propensity to spend lavishly to meet those business goals, as they did when they were a “star” chancellor at Vanderbilt.
(MORE: Money Talking: Is College Worth It?)
One thing that rarely gets asked in the context of all this getting and spending is, What exactly is that money supposed to be for? In theory, of course, it's for “education.” In practice, a whole lot of it goes directly into the pockets of a metastasizing cadre of university administrators, whose jobs, as nearly as I've been able to determine after being on a research university's faculty for nearly a quarter-century, consist of inventing justifications for their own existence while harassing faculty to fill out evaluations of various kinds. (In a particularly Kafkaesque twist, many of these evaluations are supposed to be of the administrators' own job performance.)
In Gee's case, the sums of money involved are disgusting. At the time they were apparently forced out after having made a few tactless jokes in a private meeting, Gee was getting paid about $2 million per year. This does not include the $7.7 million that the university paid for Gee's travel, housing and entertainment from 2007 to 2012 — a sum that included at least $895,000 for soirees at Gee's university-provided mansion, more than a half-million dollar for private jet travel and “$64,000 on their trademark bow ties, bow-tie cookies, O-H lapel pins and bow-tie pins for university marketing.”
Ah, yes, “marketing.”
Gee also increased the size of the university's senior staff by 30% and raised their average salaries by 63%, to $539,390 in 2011. To get a sense of how out of control university-administrator compensation has become, consider that a year before Gee began their first tenure as Ohio State's president, the president of Harvard was paid $138,044 ($256,000 in 2012 dollars), and only eight university presidents in the entire nation made more than $200,000. Now, thanks to Gee and their ilk, there are dozens of administrators at Ohio State University alone who would consider that sum an insult.
Universities are not businesses, and university presidents are not CEOs. These institutions exist for reasons other than to maximize their revenue and enrich their management class. That it is even necessary to point this out illustrates the extent to which we have allowed the mentality of what investment bankers call “the market” to invade every aspect of American culture.
MORE: Money for Nothing: Rutgers Scandal Shines Bad Light on College-Sports Search Firms
0 shares Share
Tweet
Pin
Pocket
Flipboard
Last Updated on November 9, 2018
From the Classical Weimar World Heritage inscription:
The high artistic quality of the public and private buildings and parks in and around the town testify to the remarkable cultural flowering of the Weimar classical period. Enlightened ducal patronage attracted many of the leading writers and thinkers in Germany, such as Goethe, Schiller, and Herder, to Weimar in the late 18th and early 19th centuries, making it the cultural center of the Europe of the day. Weimar became the capital of the Duchy of Sachsen-Weimar-Eisenach in 1572. For many years the painter Lucas Cranach the Elder worked in Weimar, where they died in 1553. This marked the start of a long period of growing cultural importance in which many painters, writers, poets, and philosopher lived in the city – Johann Sebastian Bach, Christoph Martin Wieland, Johann Wolfgang Goethe, Johann Gottfried Herder, Friedrich Schiller, Franz Liszt, Henry van de Velde, and Walter Gropius.
You have probably heard of Weimar from the “Weimar Republic”, the name given to the German government between WWI and WWII. What you probably didn't know is how this small city of 44,000 people played such an important part in German culture.
Weimar was the home to three of Germany's greatest authors: Goethe, Schiller, and Herder. Composers JS Bach and Franz List lived in Weimar for a time as did architect Walter Gropius, the founder of the Bauhaus School. Martin Luther preached here and reformation artist Lucas Cranach died here.
Overview
Classical Weimar is one of the cultural UNESCO World Heritage Sites in Germany. This property is located in Weimar and consists of several sites. These multiple structures earned the nod from UNESCO as they are linked to the artistic and cultural landscape of the city. These sites are therefore renowned for their artistic quality. Most of the structures that are included in this UNESCO site were built during the 18th and 19th centuries.
The Classical Weimar was added to the list of UNESCO sites in Germany in 1998. It also reflects the period wherein East Germany served as the cultural center of Europe.
About Classical Weimar
The Classical Weimar UNESCO site consists of multiple structures that are located within Weimar, Germany. These structures are as follows:
Goethe's House: This historic structure is considered part of the Classical Weimar protected area as it is the home of the famous German writer, Johann Wolfgang von Goethe. This home features Baroque-style architecture and was constructed in the early 18th century.
Schiller's House: This is another Baroque-style home that was included in this UNESCO protected area in Weimar, Germany. Built in 1777, this is the home of Johann Christopher Friedrich von Schiller.  They are a German poet, philosopher, playwright, and historian.
City Church, Herder House, and Old High School: This site alone consists of three separate structures including a three-aisled hall church that contains the altar triptych by Lucas Cranach the Elder, a 3-story Herder House built during the mid-1500s, and the Old High School that also features a Baroque architectural style.
City Castle: This is another structure that belongs to the Classical Weimar ensemble. This castle is an imposing four-winged building that encloses a large courtyard. The interior decorations and furnishings feature a classical style.
The Dowager's Palace: At the height of classical Weimar, this palace served as the center of intellectual life. This palace is made up of two- and three-story buildings that feature Baroque style architecture. These buildings enclose a large courtyard.
The Duchess Anna Amalia Library: In 1761, the Renaissance “Little French Castle” was converted into a library. This was through the initiative of Duchess Anna Amalia and was managed by the State Architect.
The Princes' Tomb and the Historic Cemetery: It was Grand Duke Carl August who commissioned that a family tomb would be constructed. This tomb was constructed in 1823. Aside from the Duke's family, the ones from the Goethe and Schiller clan were also buried within this mausoleum.
The Park on the Ilm with the Roman House, Goethe's Garden, and Garden House: This site is located at the southern portion of the town in the midst of the valley wherein Ilm flows through. The Roman House and the Goethe's Garden are two main features in the area.
Belvedere Castle, Orangery and Park: This is a two-story Baroque castle that is one of the many structures that belong to the Classical Weimar ensemble. The castle features a central section that is square in plan. It also comes with a small tower. Meanwhile, the Orangey features a U-shaped plan that features the head gardener's house in the center of it all.
Tiefurt Castle and Park: This two-story Baroque building is linked to a former farm building using a wooden frame. Within the park, there are various other structures including buildings and memorials.
Ettersburg Castle and Park: This is an old castle that is made up of three wings and a spacious courtyard. The park within the castle is small is located next to a forest.
The above photo is of Goethe's home in Weimar.
It is an amazingly remarkable city considering its size.
View my complete list of UNESCO World Heritage Sites.
The Artist
Ariana Richards possessed a love of traditional art at an early age. An internationally noted actor, known especially for their role as “Lex” in Jurassic Park, they went on to Skidmore College to earn a B.S. Degree in Fine Art and Drama, with distinction.
They continued with instruction at Art Center College of Design in Pasadena, California and has been mentored by some of the finest names in Contemporary Impressionist art.
Art has long been a tradition in Ariana Richards' family. Them own genealogy can be traced back to the early Italian Renaissance with Carlo Crivelli, a contemporary of Botticelli. Ariana's ongoing work shows the classical influence of the Old Masters, along with the dynamics of Impressionist artists, most notably Monet and Degas.
They draw inspiration from historic painters such as John Singer Sargent, Anders Zorn, Mary Cassatt, and Joaquin Sorolla.
Though Ariana paints works for occasional exhibitions, currently they focus on painting special pieces by commission for individuals.
“It's all about the light… Light illuminates the essence and the heart of things.” – Ariana Richards
–
Scores of media interviewers asked, “What can they possibly do as a follow up to their film career?”
They haven't disappointed them. Ariana is an award-winning artist, has been featured in many art magazines, and has already become one of the most celebrated young artists of our time, known among their collectors for their evocative figures and landscapes.
 They are also a member of the Portrait Society of America, and is a Member of the California Art Club est. 1909.
“Ariana, – It's difficult to find words that describe how we feel about the astonishing masterpiece you've created for us. Julie was moved to tears and I look at it in awe wondering if it's really hanging in here in our home. It is so very special. Thank you just doesn't express that gratitude we have for you and what you have done for us. But, Thank You a thousand times.”
. – Louis & Julie M., Hadley, NY ~ Production Test Manager, Espey Mfg & Electronics Corp
Ariana's Heritage
Early Italian Painter
Carlo Crivelli
Venetian (active 1457-1493)
“My maternal grandmother, born Alma Giovanna Crivelli, would have been given one of Carlo Crivelli's original paintings held in keeping by the Crivelli family for Crivelli daughters had they married in Italy. Because they married William Otto Garrison in 1943 during WWII in Ross, California, they were not able to receive their inheritance. Shortly thereafter, the Nazis confiscated the paintings of the Old Masters, the Crivelli paintings among them.” – Ariana Richards
This piece, “Madonna and Child”, resides at the National Gallery of Art in Washington, D.C. The following description of the painting was published in 1960.
~
“Madonna and Child” – by Fern Rusk Shapley Washington D. C. National Gallery of Art (1960)
Crivelli's Madonna is reminiscent of the Hodegetria type (wherein the Virgin is represented as “She who points the Way,” as the Madonna's left hand points towards the Child Jesus, Saviour of Mankind.) The Virgin's gestures of affection in this painting are those of the Glykophilousa, “She who is sweetly loving.” The Child is still very solemn, and They make the sign of blessing. But They cling to Their mother with Their left arm, and they press their face against His. The graceful, curving lines. inherited from the Gothic style, are appropriate for expressing this tender relationship. Suitable also are the detail which relate the holy figures to our familiar world. The cherry dropped casually on the parapet and the apples and pears hung on the wall suggest—quite apart from the Christian symbolism—a healthy attention to daily needs. The red silk cloth spread on the parapet reminds us of the tidiness and comfort of home.
All these accessories serve a decorative purpose also. As we like to arrange fruits in baskets and bowls, so Renaissance artists bound them together in festoons and garlands. Crivelli displays these against a traditional gold background, which harmonizes with the rich brocades of jewelry in which they deck their figures. Even the hair of the Virgin is made to look like strands of gold, and the smooth flesh seems as firm as marble. Here, as frequently in Northern painting, technical excellence, in itself, affords much pleasure. We delight in the simulation of jewel, luxuriant brocade, and watered silk, in the masterly drawing of the clean-cut contour lines throughout.
South Korean troops fired "hundreds" of rounds at a man who was killed while trying to swim across the border to North Korea, a top army officer said today
South Korean troops fired "hundreds" of rounds at a man who was killed while trying to swim across the border to North Korea, a top army officer said today
In the first official press briefing since the highly unusual incident yesterday, Brigadier General Cho Jong-Sul defended the border guards' actions, saying they had followed the correct protocol.
Nam Yong-Ho, a 47-year-old South Korean man, was fatally shot at around 2:30 pm (0530 GMT) while trying to swim across the Imjin river that makes up part of the western border with the North. Cho said soldiers manning a nearby guard post had repeatedly shouted warnings at Nam to turn back, but they ignored them.
The commander of the unit then ordered their men to open fire, and 30 of them discharged their weapons. "Several hundred shots were fired," Cho said. Defections from South to North Korea are rare and there has been no case in the past 20 years of South Korean troops shooting anyone attempting the crossing. Nam's precise motive is still unclear.
Defence Ministry officials believe they were trying to defect, but have been unable to explain why they would seek to swim across the heavily guarded border in daylight. They had clearly planned the crossing in advance and was wearing a home-made life preserver.
Cho insisted that the border guards had responded correctly. "Soldiers are supposed to shoot those who ignore military warnings and run away at border areas," they told reporters. "It was a very urgent situation considering they could have gone to the North fairly quickly using the flotation device they were wearing," they added.
Nam was carrying their passport, which showed they had sought political asylum in Japan in June, but had been rejected and deported. Because the 1950-53 Korean War concluded with an armistice rather than a peace treaty, North and South Korea technically remain in a state of conflict.
Seoul's Vice Defence Minister also defended the soldiers' action, saying the heavily-fortified inter-Korean border was "different" from other frontiers. "It may be hard to understand for foreigners... but the two Koreas are still at war," Baek Seung-Joo said at a briefing for foreign journalists in Seoul.
The minister said the military was trained to view any attempted defection as an "extreme situation" and assume a worst-case scenario -- a major national security breach -- should it be successful.
For those joining us late: California's controversial High-Speed Rail project is worth paying attention to, no matter where you live. While everyone moans about America's decaying infrastructure, this is the most ambitious and important infrastructure project anywhere in the country. Its outcome has a bearing on Jerry Brown's current campaign for a fourth term as governor. It also shows something about our governments' ability to undertake big, complicated efforts—and our public ability to discuss and decide on these issues.
But the place where people are already paying the closest attention is California's Central Valley, where the first links in the north-south chain would be laid. As everyone in the state knows, the broad valley that runs from near Redding in the north to Bakersfield in the south contains some of the world's most productive agricultural territory. It also contains many of California's most distressed communities. If the recent suggestion to split California into six separate states ever took effect, which it won't, the new state of Central California would likely become the nation's poorest, replacing Mississippi. People in many of these communities also cope with the nation's most polluted air. As a reminder, from a chart I've used before:
Dan Richard, chairperson of the High-Speed Rail Authority explained early in this series that for legal, technical, and financial reasons the construction would not begin in the population centers of LA or San Francisco. Instead it would start by connecting points within the San Joaquin Valley, which is the part of the Central Valley running from the Sacramento area south toward Bakersfield. Some farmers there are bitterly opposed to the project, saying that it would cost too much precious farmland. Richard and others contend—convincingly, from my point of view—that more farmland will get chewed up by road-building and sprawl if the state does not develop a viable rail option. For now, let's hear from some readers in and around this part of the state.
Ted Cruz abandoned their bid for the GOP presidential nomination in the wake of their primary loss in Indiana, all but guaranteeing that reality TV star Donald Trump will square off against Hillary Clinton in November.
Cruz told supporters in Indiana that they were staying in the race as long as there was still a chance they could be the nominee. That was no longer a remote possibility, they said.
"Tonight I am sorry to say it appears that path has been foreclosed," said Cruz. "We are suspending our campaign."
Cruz vowed to continue fighting for liberty, America, the Constitution—all that good stuff—in their remarks. They did not endorse Trump—he didn't even mention him—and they declined to throw their support behind John Kasich, who is technically still in the race but has no chance of winning it.
"The pundits all said it was hopeless," said Cruz, referring to their ultimately doomed campaign.
Cruz also warned Americans not to succumb to "a tyranny of political correctness," or "creeping socialism."
Meanwhile, Bill O'Reilly has already begun selecting President Trump's Cabinet for him: Rudy Giuliani for Secretary of Homeland Security, Chris Christie for Attorney General, and Ben Carson for Secretary of Health and Human Services. If that frightens you, keep in mind that the other 2016 option, Clinton, brags about censoring filmmakers who criticize them and organized the disastrous 2011 Libya intervention.
Indeed, the all-but-certain Democratic candidate is as hawkish as the all-but-certain Republican candidate is anti-trade. This seems like a worst-of-both-worlds outcome. While Cruz was far from a libertarian on most issues, it can be argued that they at least understands the language of libertarians—particularly on civil liberties—and was bad in the same ways as previous Republican candidates. And Bernie Sanders, despite their avowedly socialist domestic policies, is a supporter of a refreshingly restrained foreign policy.
In (mild) contrast, there's almost nothing for a libertarian to like about a President Clinton or President Trump (unless you trust Trump's foreign policy—though you shouldn't).
If conservatives are serious about sticking to their #NeverTrump guns, they might consider giving this Gary Johnson fellow a chance. Or just not voting. There is no obligation to choose between the lesser of two evils.
With Sen Cruz out, the R table is set. For those feeling politically homeless, go to https://t.co/0jyUIpZhBE. #MakeAmericaSaneAgain #tcot — Gov. Gary Johnson (@GovGaryJohnson) May 4, 2016
At the same time, while it's certainly true that the government has far too much power—and that corrupt former First Ladies and megalomaniacal reality TV stars will grab as much of it as they can—not all aspects of life are dependent upon politics. Go be a free person, and keep at it, no matter who wins the White House come November.
If they could do it all over again, transgender writer and advocate Janet Mock said she'd have challenged Piers Morgan on CNN in the first of their two “Piers Morgan Live” interviews this week, both of which garnered much media attention and sparked Twitter outrage.
The acclaimed writer and author of a personal new memoir, Redefining Realness, appeared on Morgan's show on Tuesday night in a taped interview and accepted their invitation to go back on the show the following night, after the talk show host complained of being unfairly “attacked” on Twitter by transgender activists and others. Morgan's critics, Mock among them, said the show and Morgan had misgendered Mock, framing and promoting the first interview with Mock, who has written of experiencing themselves as a girl from as far back as they can remember, as “formerly a boy” and having been “a man.”
“I think that what happened in that [first] interview was that I didn't use my voice in the way that I should have used it,” Mock said in wide-ranging interview with me about their book on SiriusXM Progress. “I should have said something, as soon as they cut before commercial break and called me ‘a man' — and they edited it to look like we were laughing after that, which was not the case — I should have just had a side note, and said something. But instead, I gathered myself, and I was like, this isn't the interview I thought it was going to be. But I'm going to be pleasant, because I'm on mainstream television. Most people have not met a trans person before and I'm not going out as the quote unquote, angry black trans woman. And so, for me, there were a lot of layers about respectability politics within that too. And this is part of my own journey, too, growing, evolving and realizing I'm here to do a job, which is a service for an entire group of people who are vilified and really abused — not through Twitter, but in life, on the streets. And so for me, that's my responsibility growing into that role and duty that I've been thrusted into as well.”
Mock, a former editor at People.com who came out as trans in 2011, has written blog posts about their experience in the past. But with the publication of the book, they acknowledge a transformation, becoming a full-fledged transgender activist.
“At the end of the day, for me, I'm a writer,” they said. “And so I felt I needed to have a record of my life with my own words with all the nuance, and complications and complexities but also I think trans stories need to be told through trans people's lives. And also, I think nuance gets lost when things go through other people's filters, media people's filters, and the book is kind of like a pure essence of me.”
Mock said they wanted to do something different with the book, taking the genre of trans memoir-writing to a new place.
“I wanted to complicate the genre as a writer,” they explained. “Transition or trans memoirs have been very much an apolitical space. It's also been an older space. And so, I wanted to throw in the intersection of youth and also race and class, and have those discussions and also make a place for the erotic within this text too, like, ‘What do we do with our bodies?' Because that's also important, that we're fully livable, loving beings, sensual, and pained and traumatic and all of that stuff.”
They made a decision as well to talk about having been a sex worker at the age of 16. Mock, who grew up in Hawaii and Oakland, California, said they had “super-loving” parents who “could give me lots of love but at the same time they didn't have the money to help me or even the knowledge or the political consciousness to understand the things that I was going through with my identity as a young person.” Though they were a high achiever, would eventually get a scholarship to college and wasn't thrown out of their home or rejected, like far too many transgender teens, Mock, like others, chose sex work to help with the high costs of medical procedures.
“I think, for me, there's no way to have a discussion about sex work without talking about poverty and joblessness and sensible affordable health care and the high cost of gender-affirming procedures and medicines that we need,” they explained. “And also, criminalization and how our school system works and young queer and trans youth are getting pushed out of schools because of the use of the words and language, and bullying and intolerance. And so, all of these forces are what kind of push young trans people and queer youth, period, into underground economies like sex work. For me, that's what led me there as a young person. And so I used that agency. I used my body. I traded sex to get the medical care that I needed growing up, and for me to erase that record of my life would be untrue. And there's no sense in telling my story if I'm not going to tell it fully because there are some girls out there who are going through this right now, and now they will see that they are not the first to go through this, and they're not alone. And that there's nothing shameful about having the agency in your own life to choose what you want to do with your body to care after yourself in an environment and world that tells you that who you are should not exist and should remain shameful and secret.”
Mock noted the sometimes difficult adjustment she's made to being a public figure, describing “this push and pull factor where you don't want to represent an entire community and just want to represent yourself.” Pioneering and “being among the first is very difficult” they said, “because you realize when you are pioneering and you're in the front lines you have to kind of combat things and you have to take chances and you have to challenge people and that's what led to the events of the past week.”
Regarding the exchanges with Morgan, Mock described how upset they were after they left the studio after the first interview (which had been taped days before it aired), going home and telling their boyfriend, “He called me a ‘man' on TV — and I said nothing.” They also discussed how the Twitter battle with Morgan erupted after that interview aired on Tuesday night.
“I was actually at my book party, [when the interview aired],” Mock explained. “I didn't watch it when it was airing. All I saw was the Twitter feed from ‘Piers Morgan Live,' and they were framing in this way, they were tweeting it all out, ‘formerly a man, watch the segment now.' And so that's what I responded to. I was like, What is this segment? And that's when I reacted, and said, ‘Please get it together. This is not it.' I never tweeted once at Piers Morgan. I tweeted at their show because I knew it was the show sensationalizing, editorializing of our segment, which was pleasant. It was problematic but pleasant — and I think those two things are not mutually exclusive. You can be completely kind and say something completely offensive at the same time. Or have good intentions but still be ignorant and lack understanding and sensitivity.”
Morgan invited Mock back on the show, where they more directly explained the problems with their descriptions of them and the previous show's framing of the issue.
“He wanted me to confirm for them that I was a ‘boy' in a piece that I didn't write,” Mock said of Morgan's intentions in inviting them back. In the second interview Morgan reiterated that he's an ally and supporter of trans rights, and that they were under what they described as relentless attack on Twitter.
“Which was very interesting,” Mock said, “because I don't know how my 17,000 Twitter followers compare to their 2 million and I don't have a TV show and I wasn't responding to anything. It's also a discussion about ally-ship. What does that look like? An ally is not a tittle you throw on to yourself. It's a constant state of evolution, education and action. In social justice circles we always talk about stepping up and stepping back. You speak up and then you step back and you listen to those that you want to work in collaboration with.”
Do they believe he's a misinformed ally or an enemy?
“I think their show is about him,” Mock replied, “and this whole thing has been about him. It's not about my book. It's not been about the issues that I cover, very layered issues that could fill a whole hour of a show.”
Nonetheless, Mock believes the entire affair, even with all the heat, was successful in the end at moving the discussion forward. And they said they learned a lot herself.
“I'm a lover of words and we've had a discussion on language and the abusive effects of language and also how words can be something that uplift people with and give them reflection and possibility, and also something that can demean them and dehumanize them,” they said. "And this is the first time ever that we have the tools to fight back and to say this is not going to be the record of our lives."
Wendy Byerly Wood | The Tribune Frank Holleman, senior attorney with the Southern Environmental Law Center, talks about the history of the coal ash issue in North and South Carolina to a group of area residents who gathered at the Elkin Presbyterian Church for the kick off of Watershed NOW's Creek Week Thursday. -
Citizens should be outraged at several things involving the Duke Energy coal ash issues, according to the speaker for opening night of Watershed NOW's Creek Week.
Frank Holleman works as the senior attorney for litigation with the Southern Environmental Law Center, the organization which has been leading the effort to clean up the unlined pits used to store toxic coal ash in North and South Carolina by three major utility companies, including Duke Energy.
Roughly 25 people gathered at Elkin Presbyterian Church Thursday night to hear Holleman share their story of the law center's efforts, events leading up to the coal ash spill on the Dan River, and what citizens can do now move forward with the fight to continuing cleaning up coal ash storage areas.
They explained prior to working with North Carolina's coal ash pits, the Southern Environmental Law Center was successful in South Carolina getting its two major utility companies to agree to move their coal ash to lined pits to keep the harmful toxins created when coal is burned for electricity from seeping into the nearby waterways used for drinking water.
“Coal ash is created when you burn coal in a concentrated manner, and it creates toxins including lead, mercury and arsenic, and other things you don't want in your water,” said Holleman. “They store millions of tons of coal ash in unlined pits, holes in the ground, directly next to our waterways and drinking reservoirs.”
Those pits, they explained, are held back only by dykes made of earth, which leak. “This is not a complicated issue. That is no way to store any waste, much less industrial waste,” they said. “If you and I tried to do it with simple waste like compost, we'd be arrested.”
An initial spill in Kingston, Tennessee, occurred when one of the dykes broke and billions of gallons spilled, Holleman said. But efforts and promises by officials in Washington, D.C., to regulate the coal ash waste became “gridlocked,” they said.
In the southeastern portion of the United States, “we have a double dose,” of coal ash pits, Holleman said. “The [Environmental Protection Agency] says over half of our toxic pollution in reservoirs comes from these sites.”
With the state and federal governments not regulating or cracking down on coal ash waste sites, Holleman said the law center decided to look into it. “You don't have to have a Harvard law degree or be a rocket scientist to figure out something has to be illegal. They leak, and that's illegal.”
So in South Carolina, the law center began enforcing the law. They filed suits against the utility companies. They said an acceptable amount of arsenic is 10 parts per million, but in the pits in South Carolina, it tested at 2,000 parts per million.
The first utility company, S&G, agreed to put the coal ash waste in lined landfills at all of their sites. “There was a 90 percent drop in the percent of arsenic by just removing 30 percent of the coal ash,” Holleman reported.
The Sandy Cooper utility company is owned by the state of South Carolina, they explained. They had a million and a half tons of coal ash stored in a swamp in the middle of Conway, South Carolina. “Here it's as much as 300 times the legal limit at 3,000 parts,” Holleman said.
So the law center fought them. They sued them twice, and Sandy Cooper officials said they would store it in a concrete vault. “We call it a mausoleum,” they said.
Law center representatives got the backing of the Conway city council and mayor in the form of a resolution which essentially said, “We love you Sandy Cooper, but you've got to get your ash out of town,” Holleman said.
Residents in the community agreed and Sandy Cooper agreed to clean up its Conway site as well as its other coal ash sites. “They're doing a great job of removing it,” they said.
Then came the effort on getting the third company, Duke Energy, to clean up its coal ash sites. “We started with Asheville and Charlotte,” they said.
At one site 3 million tons of coal ash is stored by Mount Island Lake, a drinking reservoir for 1 million people, Holleman explained. “Officials of Mecklenburg say, if the dyke breaks, they have no plan A, or plan B.”
So the law center sent 60 day notices under the Clean Water Act asking Duke Energy to clean up the sites and telling them the SELC was going to start enforcing the law.
Southern Environmental Law Center officials were stunned by what happened next. “The first parable, if a law abiding person reports lawbreaking to law enforcement, then law enforcement works with the law abiding person to address the illegal activity,” said Holleman.
But that's not what happened in North Carolina, they said. “When we began enforcing the Clean Water Act, virtually immediately the lobbyists and lawyers for Duke began meeting with state officials,” explained Holleman.
In 2013, they said, the state and Duke Energy collaborated and came up with a plan for the state to sue Duke Energy “to preempt us, so state law enforcement would enter into an agreement with Duke Energy.”
Holleman said there are actual public records, emails between the state environmental agency and Duke Energy where the state asks Duke officials, “How do we describe you in our suit?”
Fortunately, they said, the court system does still work in most cases. And when the state's suit got into court, a judge “asked citizens, us to intervene.”
Because it involved the Clean Water Act, the agreement between the state and Duke Energy had to be put out to the public for comment. “Five thousand people commented against the suit, with one Duke employee commenting in favor of it,” said Holleman.
At that point, the Southern Environmental Law Center filed its third suit against Duke for its Wilmington site. Holleman said a Duke official pointed out in court they have 14 sites, so 30 days later, the state filed suit on the other 14 sites to preempt the SELC from getting to those.
“There was a problem with this strategy, you can't sue someone for obeying the law,” said Holleman. “So the court turned it over to the state department who had to document all the violations at the sites.
“The state said under oath it is a threat,” they said of the coal ash sites.
That was in August of 2013, and for six months, the state proceeded to do nothing, Holleman said.
“On Super Bowl Sunday, Feb. 22, 2014, the Associated Press broke the story of the Dan River spill. A pipe broke emptying coal ash into the river,” they reported. The issues with the pipe, they said, had been reported by Duke ground level workers to their managers on several occasions, and they'd asked for $5,000 to run a camera up the pipe, but Duke officials refused, Holleman said. “Duke and the state knew and had reportedly been warned about it.”
“The state did not do one thing in six months,” they said.
After the AP broke the story, a federal criminal ranger and the press flocked to the Dan River site, and “then the state ways we better withdraw the settlement,” they said.
Duke Energy has said it will remove the coal ash at the Dan River site and the three sites on which the law center filed suit.
“The first reason to be outraged is, in North Carolina unlike South Carolina, the state agency worked with the lawbreaker,” said Holleman. “The second reason, they said there was a problem and they did nothing.”
In May 2015, Duke Energy pleaded guilty 18 times at nine sites across the state to violating the Clean Water Act, and they were placed on nationwide criminal probation, they said, noting that is the equivalent of being locked up.
“Seventeen days later, the executives of the convicted American criminals were hosted at the governor's mansion with the state head of the environmental organization and awarded,” Holleman said. “As a citizen of the United States of America, it offends me, it outrages me that a state's law enforcement official would have a private dinner at the governor's mansion hosting and honoring recently convicted criminals.”
The final reason Holleman gave for citizens to be outraged, “Your legislators passed the coal ash management act, it requires four sites to be cleaned. It does not include Buck Steam Station on the Yadkin River,” they said. “The statute required the state agency to rate each of the sites according to the risk no later than midnight on New Year's Eve 2015.”
Holleman said on Nov. 30, 2015, the professional staff which had been overseeing the coal ash sites for 30 years presented their ratings. “They rated virtually every site as high risk, including Buck, several as intermediate and one or two as low risk,” they reported.
With the rating system, those determined to be high or intermediate risk are required to have the coal ash removed and put in a lined pit away from water, they explained. “Thirty days later, the political leadership on noon of New Year's Eve, took the ratings and watered them down and didn't rate any high, and the only ones rated intermediate were the three we sued.”
The Southern Environmental Law Center is going through public comment meetings now at sites across the state in an effort to continue its work toward ending the pollution from coal ash, Holleman said. A meeting is scheduled for March 22 at 6 p.m. about the Buck Steam Station, which sits on the Yadkin River, at Catawba College, Center for Environment Building, Room 300, 2300 W. Innes St., Salisbury.
For those unable to attend the public meeting, Holleman said written comments can be sent by April 18 to buckcomments@dcdenr.gov or N.C. Division of Water Resources, Groundwater Protection Section, N.C. Department of Environmental Quality, Attn: Debra Watts, 1636 Mail Service Center, Raleigh, NC 27699-1611.
According to a letter encouraging the public to attend the comments meeting, “Over 293,000 people rely on drinking water intakes downstream in the Yadkin River watershed from leaking, unlined coal ash pits at Duke Energy's Buck site. It's past time for Duke Energy to remove its coal ash to safer dry, lined storage here and at all of the polluting, unlined coal ash pits near communities and families across North Carolina.
“The state cited Duke Energy for broken, failing corrugated metal stormwater pipes at Buck that are cracked and leaking, the same problem that caused the Dan River coal ash spill.”
“There are reasons to be positive,” Holleman said. “We still live in a democracy. We go into court on behalf of small groups like the Catawba Riverkeeper or the Yadkin Riverkeeper. We're in big court against some of the biggest law firms in the country and the richest enemies every to exist in the history of the world, and we've not lost a single motion. The court's ruled for us every time.
“We stopped the best laid plan for Duke and the state,” they said. “This is a great country, and it is very discouraging when we see law enforcement act like the state Department of Environmental and Natural Resources did, and when you see a rich company not step up and do the right thing.
“The moral of water resources in America … they cannot be protected unless you protect them,” said Holleman. “You cannot count on the government to do the governing for us. We can protect these resources. If we do this right, we will have protected North Carolina and South Carolina reservoirs from the most toxic pollution going forward.”
When they ended their story, a short question and answer session was held, and one of the local residents attending asked what citizens can do to help.
“Duke Energy responds to public outrage, legal leverage and politicians, your local legislators,” Holleman responded. “A huge crowd at these hearings will get people's attention.”
They said the issue between North and South Carolina wasn't a partisan issue, because both are Republican states. Instead it was political in North Carolina. “The utilities are political beings, they have the most valuable political ticket – our governments give them a legal monopoly and guarantee them they'll make a profit,” said Holleman.
Another resident asked if the cost of cleaning up the coal ash would fall back on consumers. “In South Carolina, the two utilities cleaned up every site. They both said they were going to clean and not affect the rates,” they answered. “Duke has said if they make us do if it's going to increase rates to scare people.”
Holleman said it would be up to the state's Utilities Commission whether rates are allowed to increase, but they added, “It's not throwing money away.
“The Dan River is the second smallest Duke site, and look at what it's going to cost them,” they said.
“But we don't know that answer yet,” they said of the possibility of rate increases.
“We don't want them to be fined or convicted of crimes. We just want them to clean up the coal ash,” said Holleman, who added in South Carolina, state elected officials passed a law to improve the standards of regulating coal ash, while in North Carolina, “the government has been resistant.”
Other Creek Week events for Watershed NOW include a celebration and update of the past year's projects Tuesday at Brushy Mountain Winery with music by Bandit's Roost, and a stream restoration project at 9 a.m. at Elkin Municipal Park Thursday.
Wendy Byerly Wood may be reached at 336-258-4035 or on Twitter @wendywoodeditor.
Frank Holleman, senior attorney with the Southern Environmental Law Center, talks about the history of the coal ash issue in North and South Carolina to a group of area residents who gathered at the Elkin Presbyterian Church for the kick off of Watershed NOW's Creek Week Thursday. https://www.elkintribune.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/web1_creek-week.jpg Frank Holleman, senior attorney with the Southern Environmental Law Center, talks about the history of the coal ash issue in North and South Carolina to a group of area residents who gathered at the Elkin Presbyterian Church for the kick off of Watershed NOW's Creek Week Thursday. Wendy Byerly Wood | The Tribune
More Creek Week events set this week
Why FIFA 18's player ratings could end up being wildly inaccurate
Hundreds of FIFA 17 players may have inaccurate ratings because of some of the methods EA uses to score them, according to a former EA data collector.
The source, who worked as part of EA's 9,000 strong FIFA data collection team, claims:
Some players could be given ratings by people who may not even have seen them play
There is no official training or screening process for the work
for the work Senior data collectors sometimes even overrule rating suggestions without any evidence
And they can get paid just £30 a month for “hours of work”
Rather than relying solely on statistics, EA apparently uses voluntary data collectors to determine their prestigious FIFA ratings.
The collectors watch games and upload subjective feedback on every player – all 18,000 of them – to a secure EA website.
This data is then “reviewed” by senior collectors, known as ‘editors', before it is collated into 300 different data fields and 35 specific attribute categories, which come together to determine a player's overall rating.
Last year, EA programme lead Michael Mueller-Moehring told ESPN that “we guess a little bit” regarding some player ratings.
But the source claims the scale of this guesswork is far greater than previously thought – which echoes sentiment expressed by some FIFA fans.
According to the source, the data collection team was “fairly short on staff at times”.
As a result, smaller leagues were often passed to people in the programme who didn't or couldn't watch the games.
They were sometimes asked to “fill in ratings as best they could” with the understanding that there was going to be “a fair bit of guesswork”.
Consequently, the former data collector claims hundreds of player attributes may have been effectively plucked from thin air and submitted with “no time or way to check them”.
The source first got involved with the programme after replying to an advert posted on social media.
They were a “massive FIFA fan” and it “seemed a nice way to combine a love for football and the game”.
“Lots of ratings I saw didn't seem fair. I was sure I could do a better job,” the source said.
But alarm bells started ringing when, after an initial online application, they claim they were accepted on to the programme without any interview.
Training consisted of “a series of emails”, relaying instructions with minimal guidance, before they were sent out to work.
The source was given full access to the database, which contains statistics from the entire roster of players in EA's catalogue.
They were then assigned a club and asked to score players across different attributes.
It wasn't long before the lack of training came home to roost as, they admit, they struggled to score players accurately.
For example, if Cristiano Ronaldo beat a player in a footrace, it was not made clear if Ronaldo's speed rating should be boosted or their opponent's pace decreased.
As a result they claim they had no choice but to “make things up as they went along”.
To protect against subjectivity, the programme has a team of Editors, who are said to make just £30 a month, who review all stats from the data collectors. As the source puts it, “they are the last line of defence”.
But worryingly, according to the source, their lack of transparency can sometimes feel like it's compounding the problem, as they often override data reports from collectors, seemingly “without evidence or explanation”.
The source thinks that while EA provided guidelines on using evidence, they were often not adhered to.
“When they didn't agree with the data they just sent you a message saying that they disagreed without any explanation – even though I'm pretty sure they weren't at the games,” they said.
The source was eventually promoted to an Editor role – but could do very little to guard against bogus data as there was simply no way of verifying the opinions and claims of data collectors scattered around the country.
They spoke of collectors being assigned to far-flung foreign leagues, despite superiors allegedly knowing they had no means by which to watch the games.
EA has been open about the failings in the system.
Mueller-Moehring told ESPN that, due to the volume of player data required, stats alone are not sufficient.
“We have many leagues in the game; no stats provider could offer us data for all these leagues, teams and players,” Mueller-Moehring said last year.
“This is also the reason why we use this online database, because it's not possible to buy this data some way — it just doesn't exist.”
Mueller-Moehring also revealed that German striker Thomas Muller had to have their rating boosted because the data did not accurately reflect the striker's ability.
Now it seems that Muller's inaccurate rating may just be the tip of the iceberg when it comes to how players are classified in the world's most popular football game.
Dream Team contacted EA regarding these claims but they respectfully refused to comment.
NOW READ:
Marvel's Inhumans has jumped to the forefront of Marvel Cinematic Universe discussion, since it was announced that the property is getting one of the most unique launches in memory. Inhumans will debut its first two episodes in IMAX theaters before premiering as a regular TV series on ABC.
So far, we know that Inhumans will focus on the royal family characters from Marvel Comics; will be the first big property to be shot entirely in IMAX; and will follow Marvel Comics lore by being partially set on the moon. Beyond the theatrical premiere, however, we now know when Inhumans will be premiering on television.
THR did a report about IMAX's desire to quickly find another television partner, and buried in that report it was revealed that Inhumans will premiere on Tuesday, September 26, 2017, and is expected to run eight consecutive episodes - which would set the finale on Tuesday, November 14, 2017.
It remains to be seen if Inhumans would be part of a big programming block alongside Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D., or if that series would be moving to a new night, creating a programming block like The CW's DC TV series.
We'll keep you updated on the status of Inhumans as more info comes to light.
There will be many people very excited about the prospect of upgrading to Windows 10 on the 29th of July.
At the same time there are other users on Windows 7 and 8.1 who do not want any part of the upgrade for a variety of reasons.
Microsoft has confirmed that the new OS, currently in its final stages of development, will be made available for download/install on eligible systems on 29 July 2015.
In preparation for that, back in April, Microsoft released an update (KB3035583) for Windows 7 (Optional) and 8.1 (Recommended) that is called the Get Windows 10 app. It provides the prompt that started appearing on users systems (Windows 7 and 8.1) yesterday and gives you the option to reserve your copy of Windows 10.
But what if you are one of those users with zero interest in the Windows 10 upgrade?
Since KB3035583 was released as an Optional or Recommended update based on your OS it might not be installed if you avoid those types of updates. If that is the case then you have no further action to take.
If however, you did install that update then it can be uninstalled through Windows Update.
Open up Windows Update and click on View update history.
Click on Installed Updates.
In the search box in the upper right corner type in kb3035583. If the update is on your system it will show up in the results.
Click on the KB3035583 entry in the search results and you will be asked if you are sure you want to uninstall it. Click Yes to remove it.
The system may need to be restarted to complete the removal.
If you do not want to see the update any more be sure to hide it by right-clicking on the KB3035583 listing in Windows Update and selecting Hide this update.
H/T to @EdBott who clarified the updates status between Windows 7 and 8.1 for me.
There are parts of the Dodd-Frank financial regulations that could be amended to help smaller banks, one of the bill's co-sponsors, Barney Frank, told CNBC on Wednesday. But the Trump administration should tread carefully, they warned.
"What I worry about is the biggest banks … will use the problems of the small banks as kind of battering ram to get rid of other parts of the bill," the Democratic former Massachusetts member of congress said in an interview with "Power Lunch."
President-elect Donald Trump's team is already looking at making changes to the massive reforms that came about after the 2008 financial crisis. Frank co-authored the bill along Democratic former Sen. Chris Dodd.
Earlier Wednesday, Trump's pick for Treasury secretary, Steve Mnuchin, told CNBC that they want to "strip back parts of Dodd-Frank that prevent banks from lending."
"Tell me what specific things in that law now inhibit lending other than saying you can't lend money to people who can't pay their mortgages," Frank responded.
Back when they drafted the bill, Frank said they thought there was universal agreement that standards for mortgages had deteriorated too much and people were given loans they were unable to pay back.
"Is that one of the things they want to change? I don't know," Frank said.
However, if someone can point out other specific areas that restrict lending, they said he'd be glad to say maybe it should be changed.
One thing Frank would be in favor of is raising the threshold — $50 billion in assets — for banks to face increased regulatory burdens.
They also think banks that have under $10 billion in assets are spending too much money to comply with the Volker rule, which is meant to rein in risky trading by banks. Frank said he'd exempt them altogether.
— CNBC's Elizabeth Gurdus contributed to this report.
Time was, the recipe for a superstar artist to create a Big Event Album was well known—a few teaser ads in the music mags, a lead single for radio, some late-night talk show appearances, then sit back and watch the fans line up at the record store on release day. But now that basically every entity in that sentence has been culturally marginalized, and the propeller churn of social media refuses to tolerate slow-burn marketing, the best—and, perhaps, only—way to get everyone talking about your record at once is to release it with no warning. U2 being U2, they've taken that strategy one step over the line into indisputably queasy territory, aligning with their old friends Apple to insert their new album, Songs of Innocence, into all of our libraries without consent. By updating the old Columbia House Record Club scam to the digital age, U2 and their Cupertino buddies have created a new avenue of opt-out cultural transmission, removing even the miniscule effort it takes to go to a website and click “Download.”
That U2 would willingly play corporate house band at a watch announcement to achieve this rollout in 2014 surprises exactly nobody; the album release was even framed by Bono themselves as the 10th-anniversary celebration of a commercial. But the insistent mode of distribution says a lot about the band's addiction to attention in their 38th year. “Part of the DNA of this band has always been the desire to get our music to as many people as possible,” Bono wrote, and after the commercial squib of 2009's gloomy No Line on the Horizon, everything about Songs of Innocence seems desperate to be the global, cultural “experience” fix U2 needs to survive, even if it means giving away the album for “free.”
Accordingly, the music itself aims for a one-size-fits-all, vaguely inspirational tone, with a lean approach to details despite the press kit assertion that it's all “very, very personal.” So a song about Bono meeting their wife is given the non-committal title of “Song for Someone”, and a song called “The Troubles” isn't a callback to the prolonged Northern Ireland conflict that inspired their first great song, but a bunch of self-pitying platitudes (which uses guest Lykke Li to mimic adult-contempo Duran Duran hit “Come Undone”). Even Bono's opening love letter to Joey Ramone is only given specificity by the title's parenthetical, a generic “last night a [fill-in-the-blank] changed my life” tale that could be adapted to the idol of your choosing. It's all emotional content left intentionally formless, vaingloriously hoping to fit around the experiences of millions.
Songs of Innocence also continues a decade-long trend of U2 showing little interest in re-examining themselves as a band or as pop stars, the approach that sustained them artistically throughout the '90s. Despite jettisoning their Eno/Lanois/Lillywhite comfort zone in favor of Danger Mouse, Paul Epworth, and a host of other moderately intriguing producers, Songs of Innocence is perhaps the album where U2 most self-consciously plays itself—or more distressingly, risk causing a temporal paradox by swiping moves from mantle-carriers Arcade Fire and Coldplay, akin to time traveling to the future and sleeping with your own grandchild.
A few promisingly weird moments, such as the eerily synthetic Beach Boys chant at the start of “California (There Is No End to Love)” or the breathy rhythms of “Raised By Wolves”, are quickly diluted by stock verse/chorus structures. The watery disco-punk beats of “This Is Where You Can Reach Me Now” and “Volcano” are thin gruel for a band that once seemed aware of current pop trends, however ill-advised the attempts were to engage with them. Only “Sleep Like a Baby Tonight” manages to feel fresh from start to finish, with burbling synths and pillowy strings occasionally disrupted by the Edge at their fuzziest-sounding. Elsewhere, there seems to be barely any resistance to the gravity of doing what a U2 song is supposed to do and little else.
That gravity has a name, and it's four letters long, and at this point even those letters are wearing sunglasses. The two brief moments where Bono drops their global-rock-ambassador persona—the deranged, filtered first note of the “Raised by Wolves” chorus, the brief return of the “Lemon” falsetto on “Sleep Like a Baby Tonight”—are jarring enough to expose just how overblown their crooning is on Songs of Innocence. While the album's liner notes contain a moving, train-of-thought reflection on a childhood made up of witnessing car bombings and sneaking into Ramones shows, almost none of that insight makes it into the actual songs, which are a celebration of self-absorption: “You are rock and roll” quickly amended to “You and I are rock and roll.”
Perhaps the upcoming companion album, inevitably named Songs of Experience, will contain all the darker, cynical stuff from these sessions. Regardless, U2 have already squandered any remaining integrity to invent this needy, invasive breed of the Big Event Album, an Album that lacks any kind of artistic statement to deter from the overwhelming Brandiness. Where Beyoncé used their iTunes sneak attack late last year to make a bold pop proclamation of sexuality and feminism, U2 have used an even more audacious release platform to wave their arms and simply say, “Hey! Everybody! We're still here!” Bono may have self-deprecatingly described Songs of Innocence as “the blood, sweat and tears of some Irish guys...in your junk mail,” but it's not even that interesting—it's just a blank message.
So far, it's been pretty hard to buy ARM server motherboards for individuals, as most, if not all, products were reserved to corporate entities, but with Gigabyte MP30-AR0 server motherboard featuring the first generation Applied Micro X-Gene 64-bit ARM processor this might be about to change. [Update: As mentioned in comments I was probably wrong here, since the motherboard is listed on the Gigabyte's B2B website, and not its B2C website].
MP30-AR0 specifications:
Processor – AppliedMicro X-Gene 1 processor with 8 ARMv8 cores up to 2.4GHz (TDP 45W)
System Memory – 8 x DIMM slots, Single, dual rank UDIMM modules @ 1333/1600 NHz supported (up to 16GB)
Storage – 4x SATA III 6Gb/s ports + 1x SD card slot
Connectivity – 2x 10GbE SFP+ LAN ports (integrated), 2x GbE LAN ports (Marvell 88E1512), 1x 10/100/1000 management LAN
Graphics – Video Integrated in Aspeed AST2400. 2D Video Graphic Adapter with PCIe bus interface up to 1920×[email protected] 32bpp.
Expansion Slots – 2x PCIe x16 (Gen3 x8 bus) slots
Other Internal I/O 1 x CPU fan header 4x system fan headers 1x USB 2.0 header 2x Front panel headers 1x APM strap header 1x HDD back plane board header 1x PMBUS header 1x BMC JTAG header, 1x JTAG PLD header 1x BIOS_H header 1x Chassis intrusion header 1x SATA DOM jumper, 1x BIOS recovery jumper, 1x ACK selection jumper 1x IPMB connector
Rear I/Os 2x USB 2.0, 1x Mini USB 1x VGA 1x Serial 2x SFP+, 3x RJ45 1x ID button with LED, 1x Power button with LED, 1x Status LED
Power – 1x 24-pin ATX main power connector; 2x 4-pin ATX 12V power connectors
Dimensions – 244 × 244 mm (microATX form factor)
The motherboard supports Ubuntu 14.04, and can also be configured with Avocent MergePoint IPMI 2.0 web interface.
Pricing information is still to be announced according to the motherboard page, and the company also integrated it into R120-P30 single socket 1U rackmount server with a 350W PSU and support for 4 hard drives.
Via Tom Cubie
The pharmaceutical company that distributes the EpiPen is also a Clinton Foundation donor.
Hillary Clinton criticized the company, Mylan, on Wednesday, calling its price hikes of the life-saving medical device “outrageous.”
“It's just the latest troubling example of a company taking advantage of its consumers,” said Clinton.
But those remarks highlight Clinton's radio silence on the price of the EpiPen, which has grown steadily since 2007, when Mylan acquired rights to sell the 50-year-old drug.
EpiPen injections, which help stop potentially fatal allergic reactions, cost $57 in 2007. They now run $609. According to CNBC, the price of EpiPens has increased at a steady rate in those nine years.
As of May 2011, the price was $165. That rose to $350 in 2014 and $461 last year.
The Clinton Foundation partnered with Mylan at a time when it was raising prices on the EpiPen, which had been distributed by Merck.
Ironically, the company partnered in 2009 with the Clinton Foundation to provide a lower-cost alternative for four HIV drugs. Clinton Foundation records show that Mylan has donated between $100,000 and $250,000 to the Foundation. It is not clear when the donation was made, but it likely corresponded with the 2009 partnership.
According to a Clinton Foundation press release, Mylan pledged to offer the drugs for $425 per year by 2010. The cost was 28 percent lower than competing drugs, according to the Clinton Foundation.
It is not clear if Mylan followed through with its pledge or what the cost of the drugs is today.
Other Democratic politicians are tied to Mylan. The company's CEO, Heather Bresch, is the daughter of West Virginia Sen. Joe Manchin, a Hillary Clinton supporter.
Bresch became CEO of the company in Jan. 2012. Prior to that, they were a lobbyist for the company. They were appointed president in 2009.
They have seen their salary increase from $2.4 million since 2007 to $18.9 million last year, according to NBC.
The Daily Caller reached out to the Clinton Foundation for comment and will update with any response.
Follow Chuck on Twitter
9-Year-Old Sneaks Onto Flight; TSA Blames The Government Shutdown, Then Says It Did Its Job Just Fine
from the because-you-gotta-blame-someone dept
WCCO contacted the Transportation Security Agency (TSA) Sunday morning, during which a spokesperson said staffing is currently low due to the number of employees furloughed in the wake of the federal government shutdown.
“The child was screened along with all other passengers to ensure that they were not a threat to the aircraft,” said the TSA spokesperson.
You may have seen this story making the rounds about a 9-year-old boy somehow getting through multiple layers of security at an airport in Minnesota to get aboard a flight to Las Vegas. It appears that there were multiple lapses here. The kid got through the TSA security checkpoint without a ticket. They got onto the plane without a ticket. The plane then took off without anyone noticing that (1) the plane had too many passengers and (2) they aren't on their list of unaccompanied minors (something they noticed mid-flight). The TSA's response was initially to blame the the government shutdown:A few hours later, the TSA responded again, trying a different strategy. Apparently someone realized that nearly all TSA agents at security checks are still on the job , even if their pay is deferred . So, with a second shot at this, rather than blame the government shutdown, the TSA's strategy is to claim it did everything it was supposed to:Someone else in the article also notes that the TSA's job is to make sure that the people passing through security are "not a threat," and not whether or not they're supposed to board the plane. That's an interesting argument, but doesn't make much sense. I fly fairly frequently, and these days every single time I fly there are two TSA agents who review the boarding pass before you make it through security (one as you enter security who mainly makes sure you have a boarding pass for a flight through that security checkpoint, and the second who checks your IDs and is supposed to verify that the boarding pass is legit).Of course, these kinds of lapses aren't unheard of. In the past it used to be much easier. Comedian/actor Molly Shannon has told their story a few times about how when they were a little girl they were able to sneak onto a plane to NY (after their father suggested they try it). But that was back when airport/airline security was a lot lower. Either way, it's pretty ridiculous for the TSA to blame the government shutdown for such a lapse. People have long argued that the TSA is more "security theater" than anything else -- giving you the appearance of security, rather than any actual protections -- and this seems to support that theory.
Filed Under: flights, government shutdown, kids, security theater, stowaways, tsa
Ray Dalio: “If You Don't Own Gold, You Know Neither History Nor Economics” – The Reason For Our Unbroken Confidence In Gold
On the heels of the flash crash which saw the price of gold plunge more than $50 in the blink of an eye, today King World News is featuring a piece by a man whose recently released masterpiece has been praised around the world and recognized as unique work in the gold market. Below is the latest exclusive KWN piece by Ronald-Peter Stoferle of Incrementum AG out of Liechtenstein.
By Ronald-Peter Stoferle, Incrementum AG Liechtenstein
July 20 ( King World News ) – The Reason For Our Unbroken Confidence In Gold
What is the reason for our unbroken confidence in gold? Our predilection for gold is primarily based on our understanding of monetary history. At the moment, it appears as though faith in the omnipotence and infallibility of central banks is at an all-time high. This goes hand in hand with new record highs in stocks and especially government bonds. According to Jim Grant, who describes the price of gold as the reciprocal of the credibility of central banks, this is inter alia a likely explanation for the somewhat directionless performance of the yellow metal. Should the omnipotence of central banks be questioned by the markets, it could cause a fundamental change in perceptions and help gold regain its former respect and reach new heights.
“Time is the best teacher, but unfortunately, it kills all of its students.” — Robin Williams
In addition, our analysis is reinforced by a comparison of the current situation with that of the last great bull market of the 1970s and how it ended. There is a fundamental difference: Back then the Fed tried to end the trend of rising price inflation with restrictive monetary policy, but today central bankers around the world are trying their best to create accelerating price inflation. The stronger the systemic desire for rising prices becomes, the more creative and radical the actions of policymakers become in order to attain this goal.
“I do not hesitate to say that although the prices of many products of the farm have gone up […], I am not satisfied. It is definitely a part of our policy to increase the rise and to extend it to those products that have as yet felt no benefit. If we cannot do this one way, we will do it another. But do it we will.”1 — US president Franklin D. Roosevelt, October 23, 19332
The constantly applied artifices of banking and currency policy have in the meantime become a necessity in order to artificially lengthen the lifespan of the fiat debt money system. Due to the latent potential of extreme money supply inflation, not just infinite credit growth, but also the associated rapid, sharp contractions thereof, it no longer represents a sound basis for the economy, but rather evokes connotations of an earthquake-prone region, in which a tectonic plate fault permanently threatens the achievements of civilization. As a result, the economy has in the meantime degenerated into a political construct, in which the principal objective consists of anticipating exogenous interventions as well as possible and exploiting them for oneself.3
It seems strange to us that after seven years of unconventional central bank policy, there is no debate as to whether these measures have any effect at all resp. whether the situation wouldn't actually be better without QE.4 The narrative of rising asset prices and a relatively painless way to supposedly sustainable growth is barely questioned.
Unconventional monetary policy is justified by an emergency situation and is only temporary. Or is it not? How simple is the often-promised return to “monetary normality” really? In this context, Japan is an example that proponents of monetary policy experiments would rather not look at too closely. The country is a “model student” of highly aggressive monetary policy.5 Zero interest rate policy has been de facto in place there for almost 18 years. Every attempt to hike rates came to grief within a few quarters and had to be rescinded again in embarrassment.
Japan thus demonstrates that the monetary policy measures held to bring salvation for many years already have failed, and an exit remains out of sight. Due to the zero interest rate policy, the government was able to amass such a huge amount of debt that a significant increase in interest rates has become illusory for good. If one asks Western monetary policymakers why the prescribed medicine has failed to have a sustainable effect in the land of the rising sun over the past two decades, the cynical explanation is that not enough of it has been taken….
Continue reading the Ronald Stoferle piece below…
Advertisement
To hear what billionaire Eric Sprott & Rick Rule are doing with their own
money and which $7 billion company John Embry &
Dr. Marc Faber oversee click on the logo:
Should inflation expectations rise sustainably in the course of the aggressive reflation program, it has to be assumed that bank deposits will be withdrawn step by step and shifted into alternative investments. Japan's gold demand, which has already tripled last year from a very low level, increased significantly. It is no coincidence that gold in yen terms is trading only slightly below its all-time high. We are convinced that the gold price in yen terms will continue to rally significantly in the years to come.
Gold price in JPY
“The biggest bubble out there is central bank credibility. If Draghi was a stock he'd be on a P/E of 200! Yellen's on 100. When that bubble pops, all hell will break loose again, and there you really just want to be in cash.” — Gerard Minack
The sweet, contagious poison of currency devaluation has now – after Japan – also spread to the euro area. The expectation of a European dose of monetary aphrodisiacs has on the one hand led to a sharp decline in the euro's exchange rate (from USD 1.40 to USD 1.04), as well as to a rally in European stock markets and a (final?) once-in-a-century rally in government bonds. We find this reminiscent of a classical crack-up boom. It gives us pause that the temporary, weak economic recovery resulting from the devalued currency tends to be lauded and is barely criticized. If the debasement of a currency could promote wealth and prosperity, Zimbabwe and Venezuela would have to be at the top of the world's economic rankings and Switzerland at the bottom. As is well known, the exact opposite is actually the case.
The following chart shows that since 2011, the trend in money supply growth rates and the gold price are diverging. The money supply is measured by combining the balance sheet totals of Federal Reserve, ECB, SNB, People's Bank of China and the Bank of Japan. When money supply growth exhibits a greater momentum than the growth in the physical stock of gold, the gold price should rise and vice versa. The divergence evident in the chart therefore either points to the fact that the gold price correction has gone too far, or that central bank balance sheets will stagnate, resp. decline in the future. Anyone who has studied economic history knows how few precedents of sustained declines in central bank balance sheets have occurred to date. Consequently, it is to be expected that the gold price will correct the divergence by rallying.
Combined balance sheet totals Fed+ECB+SNB+PBoC+BoJ in USD billion (2002-2015)
“If you don't own gold, you know neither history nor economics.” — Ray Dalio
Readers of our annual report know that we analyze gold primarily as a monetary asset and not as a commodity. In our ninth “In Gold we Trust” report, we will therefore once again take a sober look at the big picture and analyze the gold sector in a holistic manner. We can already pre-empt the conclusion at this juncture: The competitive position of gold relative to paper money and other asset classes has improved considerably in recent months.
1 See https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kTe4paRPEM4 – FDR promises in a speech to turn around the deflationary forces by all means available, which they managed to do a few months later by revaluing gold by nearly 70% against the US dollar.
2 Note: during the Great Depression in the 1930s a reversal in the deflationary trend could ultimately only be achieved by revaluing the gold price from USD 20 to USD 35.
3 See “The Big Picture”, Ritholtz.com
4 We want to point to our explications further below here, resp. Frédéric Bastiat's essay “What is seen and what is not seen”.
5 See “In Gold We Trust 2014”, chapter “Is Europe threatened by a Japanese scenario?” p. 41-43
***KWN has now released the extraordinary KWN audio interview with John Mauldin , where they the chaos in China and Greece, what to expect in major markets going forward, what surprises are in store for the rest of the year and much more, and you can listen to it by CLICKING HERE OR ON THE IMAGE BELOW.
***KWN has now released the incredibly powerful KWN audio interview with Stephen Leeb , where they explain exactly how China is concealing its true gold holdings, where the gold is being held, what the Chinese are really up to, how it will impact the gold market, what surprises are in store for the gold market and much more, and you can listen to it by CLICKING HERE OR ON THE IMAGE BELOW.
***ALSO JUST RELEASED: Governments Leading World To Economic Collapse And Chaos As China Increases Debt $20 Trillion In Just 8 Years CLICK HERE.
© 2015 by King World News®. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. However, linking directly to the articles is permitted and encouraged.
The audio interviews with John Mauldin, Stephen Leeb, Egon von Greyerz, Nomi Prins, Gerald Celente, Andrew Maguire, Michael Pento, Dr. Paul Craig Roberts, Rick Rule, Bill Fleckenstein, Eric Sprott, Robert Arnott, David Stockman, Chris Powell, Dr. Philippa Malmgren, Marc Faber, Felix Zulauf and Rick Santelli are available now and you can listen to them by CLICKING HERE.
Authorities say three people were wounded in a shooting on the campus of Delaware State University.
Authorities say three people were wounded in a shooting on the campus of Delaware State University.It happened around 8:30 p.m. Saturday on the campus located in the 1200 block of North DuPont Highway.Officials say the gunfire erupted during a school-sponsored cookout for the university's fraternities and sororities."Someone got trampled and I heard gunshots. It was just a horrific event," junior Davontay Phillips said.All three people shot were taken to Kent General Hospital in Dover with injuries considered non-life-threatening.Students were told to stay inside their dormitories and non-students were asked to leave campus.The victims were not DSU students.Partygoers took to social media to show the moments after the shooting.Students, who didn't want to be identified, told Action news that numerous then fights broke out."It was too much commotion. I just heard gunshots and then you just see everyone running. Everyone could hear the sound pretty much and just started running from that," said one student.Authorities have a description of the suspect but no arrests have been made.But the violent weekend didn't end there.A second shooting happened at a nearby apartment complex.The complex houses mostly students who say someone fired a gun into the air. Fortunately no one was injured.Neighbors across the street were startled."I just heard some shots about 1:15 in the morning. I heard some shots across the street and there was a lot of people but I never saw that many people," said James Durham.While no suspect has been named, students say people who are not associated with the school started the trouble."It saddens me because I know students at Delaware State University. We do know how to conduct ourselves properly, but when you bring other people that are outside of the university, and they don't know our core values, that's when it becomes a problem," said Phillips.It's unclear if the two incidents were related but the university's police department is handling the investigation.
This video is no longer available
This video was hosted on Vidme, which is no longer in operation. However, you might find this video at one of these links:
Video title:
I MET SHAWN MENDES !! | Jackinthevlogs
Upload date:
June 6 2017
Uploaded by:
jackinthevlogs
Video description:
So I Met Shawn Mendes and saw them live thanks to winning the pop flash competition on Facebook ! I honestly had a unreal experience! If you ever get the chance go see Shawn live you must do it! They absolutely smashed it! Also check out Emma's channel to see their experience https://m.youtube.com/user/lilmisssemm ------------------ Here's All My Social Media ! www.youtube.com/c/jackinthevlogs I've started using my facebook page again https://www.facebook.com/Jackinthevlogs/ Follow me on Twitter http://twitter.com/jackinthevlogs Also follow me on instagram http://instagram.com/jackinthevlogs If you have snapchat add me Jacksview for any inquires email me at jjackinthevlogs@gmail.com follow my playlist on Spotify https://open.spotify.com/user/jackinthevlogs/playlist/0Mc7FOJgiqAgiUWTyI8g0C -------------------- Music By ------------------ Edited on Adobe Premiere Pro CC 2015 filmed on Canon IXUS 275 HS Compact Digital Camera , Canon 700d
Total views:
98
First off, did you know that there even is a Bad Sex in Fiction Award? Ever since 1993, the Literary Review has singled out “the author who produces the worst description of a sex scene in a novel,” resulting in both the public shaming of the author and the discouragement, its editors hope, of “crude, tasteless, often perfunctory use of redundant passages of sexual description” in the future. But before the Literary Review announces the winner and awards him/her with a statuette—a naked woman sprawled over a book—the British magazine reveals its shortlist for the year, as it did earlier this week, along with a particularly damning sexual passage from each of the nominated titles. More surprising than the cringe-worthy extracts, however, is the fact that this year's most popular sex novel to deny you've read is not included on this year's shortlist.
Literary Reviewsenior editor Jonathan Beckman explains that Fifty Shades of Grey does not qualify “because the prize's rubric explicitly excludes pornographic and erotic literature.” (So did Oprah's reading list, until this year, but hey.) As if that weren't sufficient justification, Beckman then cattily added of the novel's author, E. L. James, “I don't think they need any more publicity, does she?” Fair enough. Fifty Shades of Grey, including it's arguably bad sex scenes, is currently being adapted for the screen by Universal Pictures and Focus Features, the result of which may be able to qualify for another award celebrating risible under-achievements: the Razzie.
In the meantime, condolences are in order for this year's Bad Sex Award nominees, including Nicholas Coleridge (The Adventures: The Irresistible Rise of Miss Cath Fox), Nancy Huston (Infrared), and Nicola Barker, whose The Yips contain the passage: “She smells of almonds, like a plump Bakewell pudding; and they are the spoon, the whipped cream, the helpless dollop of warm custard.“
Image caption Distant solar power: Juno's orbit around Jupiter has been designed so that it never goes into shadow
Nasa's $1.1bn (£0.7bn) Juno mission will venture where no solar-powered spacecraft has dared go before.
The probe, due to launch from Cape Canaveral on Friday, will cruise beyond Mars to put itself in orbit around the gas giant Jupiter in 2016.
At this distance, where the intensity of sunlight is only 1/25th of that at Earth, one would normally resort to a plutonium battery.
But Juno will instead travel with three wings coated with 18,000 solar cells.
At Earth, these 9m-long arrays will produce over 14,000 watts - enough to power an electric car. At Jupiter, they will muster a little over 400 watts - enough for just a few incandescent lightbulbs.
Of course, it is not lightbulbs Juno's panels must support, but scientific instruments.
What we're really after is discovering the recipe for making planets Scott Bolton, SWRI
Nonetheless, Scott Bolton, the mission's chief scientist, believes their spacecraft will cope just fine in the dim outer reaches of the Solar System.
"As a solar-panelled mission, we have to keep those solar panels facing the Sun and we never go into Jupiter's shadow," they told BBC News.
"Those are things we can do and still accomplish our science; it doesn't hurt us. But it would have been easier if we could have pointed just any way we wanted. We've had to develop [a strategy], and in fact we've advanced solar cell technology in doing so."
When Bolton and colleagues submitted their proposal for a Jupiter mission, a plutonium thermoelectric generator simply was not available. There were development ideas within Nasa, but the Juno team thought it less risky to go with solar cells than wait for a nuclear option to present itself.
Juno's mission is to explain the Solar System by explaining the origin and evolution of its biggest planetary member.
The spacecraft's remote sensing instruments will look down into the giant through the many layers and measure their composition, temperature, motion and other properties.
This should yield some remarkable new insights into the coloured bands that wrap around the planet, and a new perspective on the famous Great Red Spot - the colossal storm that has raged on Jupiter for hundreds of years. Juno will tell us how deep its roots go.
A key quest is to measure the abundance of water in the atmosphere - an indicator of how much oxygen was present in Jupiter's region of the Solar System when it formed, and perhaps a tell-tale of any migration from its original formation location.
Image caption Jupiter's Great Red Spot: A persistent storm located just south of the planet's equator
The probe will also try to settle old arguments over whether the planet hosts a rocky core or whether its gases go all the way down to the centre in an ever more compressed state, under perhaps 40 megabars of pressure (40 million times the air pressure experienced at sea-level on Earth).
And it will look for the deep swirling sea of liquid metallic hydrogen that many suspects is the driver behind Jupiter's strong magnetic field.
All this information bears down strongly on the competing theories for how the eight worlds we now call planets came into being.
"Jupiter probably formed first; it's the largest of all the planets. In fact, it's got more material in it than all the rest of the Solar System combined," explained Dr Bolton, who is affiliated with the Southwest Research Institute (SWRI) in San Antonio, Texas.
"So, after the Sun formed, it got the majority of the leftovers. And that's why it's very interesting to us if we want to go back in time and understand where we came from. Jupiter holds the secrets. We want to know the ingredient list - what we're really after is discovering the recipe for making planets."
Image caption Critical electronics in Juno have been placed inside a 1cm-thick titanium box
Jupiter's immense magnetic field accelerates particles to tremendous speeds, rendering the local environment the number one hazardous location in the Solar System for electronics (apart from the Sun's immediate vicinity).
To prevent these critical systems being scrambled, Juno carries them inside a titanium vault.
The rocket chosen by Nasa to launch Juno is the Atlas V, the vehicle recently identified by the space agency as a possible future astronaut launcher.
Lift-off from the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station on Friday is timed for a window that opens at 11:34 local time (15:34 GMT; 16:34 BST).
Juno will head out into space but it will come back to Earth briefly as it looks to pick up the speed it needs to shoot itself out to Jupiter.
Jan Chodas, the Juno project manager, explained: "We launch from Earth; we swing out past the orbit of Mars; we fire the engine to do a couple of deep-space manoeuvres, to target us to come back in by the Earth. And we do a flyby of the Earth at about 500km in October of 2013, and then we slingshot ourselves out towards Jupiter, arriving in July 2016."
Juno is the second in Nasa's so-called New Frontiers class missions. The first, New Horizons, was launched towards dwarf planet Pluto in 2006 and should arrive at its target in 2015.
"Juno was confirmed on August 5, 2008, and here we are ready to launch Juno on August 5, 2011 - three years later," said Jim Green, the director of planetary science at Nasa. "Juno is on schedule and on budget."
Image caption Jupiter has the strongest magnetic field of all the planets and the most energetic auroras as a result
Jonathan.Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Could Westworld crossover with Game of Thrones?
It's an idea that fans have been suggesting online ever since HBO's new sci-fi thriller premiered. The 1973 Westworld movie featured not just an android-filled Old West theme park like in the series, but also a Roman World and — most pertinently — a Medieval World.
So here's the pitch: What if instead of eventually introducing a Medieval World into the show, there was a Westeros World filled with android hosts modeled after Game of Thrones? It's like how Universal has its Wizarding World of Harry Potter park and Disney is creating a section of its park based on Star Wars, except with all the interactive sex and violence that Westworld offers its hedonistic guests. Then HBO could even resurrect popular dead characters such as Khal Drogo and Ned Stark.
Well, fans aren't the only ones who have had this idea. It actually occurred to Thrones author George R.R. Martin even before Westworld premiered. In fact, the author mentioned it to the Westworld showrunners Jonathan Nolan and Lisa Joy over dinner weeks a couple months ago, and we recently followed up to get their reaction.
“We love George and our daughter's first trip anywhere in the world was out to Santa Fe for a screening of The Prestige at their theater, the Jean Cocteau,” Nolan says. “He's a lovely guy and a stunning writer and it's flattering they would encourage a crossover. We should be so lucky.”
Joy noted they have one issue with the premise, however. “I need to be believed that dragons are real,” they say. “I want them be a real thing. So as much as I love George, I can't lose that for myself!”
Of course, there are all sorts of other, higher hurdles — creative, logistical and legal — that would make a crossover highly unlikely to ever happen. But at least the showrunners haven't ruled out that other genetic archetypal lands such as Roman World will eventually be introduced in the series. “We've got an awful lot of material to cover just with Westworld, but you want to stay tuned…” Nolan says.
In the meantime, more good ratings news for Westworld: The series premiere has climbed to 12 million viewers including streaming, On Demand and DVR. That's higher than the first season of Thrones or True Detective. The third episode premiered Sunday to 2.1 million viewers at 9 p.m., setting a new high for a debut airing of the series. This weekend, however, Westworld will go head-to-head against The Walking Dead premiere, so its Sunday night numbers are likely to take a hit.
It is one of Donald Trump's favourite and most sneering insults. They have used it publicly about such people as Cher, John McCain, Rosie O'Donnell and Jeb Bush. In Trumpworld, all these people have been dismissed in tweets as “losers”. Right now, though, there is only one big loser in Trumpworld, and that loser is President Trump himself.
One year on, Donald Trump is still an illegitimate president | Rebecca Solnit Read more
Trump was a loser in whichever direction you looked this week, both at home and abroad. As a candidate, Trump bragged about all the lessons they would teach China once they were president. They would stop China from “raping” the US economy and “toying” with the US over North Korea. They would bring trade cases against China in the US courts, slap heavy tariffs on Chinese goods and stop China manipulating its currency. They would ramp up the US military presence in the Asia-Pacific region. They might even renege on the holy of holies in Sino-American relations for the past 40 years – the One China doctrine that says Taiwan is a part of China, not a separate country.
Contrast that assertive Trump with the deflated one who made a joint appearance with Xi Jinping in Beijing on Thursday, as part of their five-nation Asian tour. In every respect, Trump's script was so anodyne, and their conduct so docile, that they could have been drafted and prescribed by Xi himself. There were no threats on trade, no military posturing, and no mention of Taiwan or challenge to the One China policy.
There were no questions at the end of the joint statement either – another win for Xi – and a reminder of which of the two men now holds all the cards in the relationship. Talking about the trade imbalance that once fired so much campaign rhetoric, Trump even said, and on the radio it sounded as if there were a few titters off-stage as they said it: “I don't blame China.”
Trump's strategy of reaching out to a left-behind industrial base with a racial message is not sustaining itself
Trump is unpredictable. This sudden kowtowing to China and its ascendant leader this week could be abandoned as quickly as it has arrived, perhaps as soon as Trump's visit to Vietnam or the Philippines in the coming days. There is a recent precedent, after all. In the summer, Trump abruptly abandoned their scripted statesmanship over the racist violence in Charlottesville in favour of an attack on anti-racists, and an indulgent defence of the 19th-century pro-slavery Confederacy.
Even so, it is hard to disagree with the Obama-era official Tony Blinken in their assessment that the Trump visit to Beijing showed two leaders heading in very different directions. While Trump builds walls, Blinken wrote this week, Xi builds bridges. While Trump shuns multilateralism and global governance, Xi embraces them. While Trump makes quixotic and backward-looking attempts to reinvent the coal industry, even promoting the role of fossil fuels in this week's climate-change conference in Bonn, Xi has a 30-year programme designed to ensure China dominates the global economy, including in information technology, robotics and AI.
Trump's defenders will say there is nevertheless consistency here. Trump was an “America first” candidate, and they are an “America first” president. America's role as the guarantor of the peace and the liberal order in the Asia-Pacific region and in Europe remains of secondary importance to him. Their stage is America, not the world. The jobs and livelihoods that matter to them are at home, not elsewhere. Their voters are in the United States and nowhere else.  They are retreating from world leadership to win at home.
Timeline Trump's tour of Asia Show Hide The US president must grapple with the thorny issues of North Korea's nuclear ambitions as well as trade wars in Asia on one of the trickiest diplomatic tours in decades. Japan Trump warns of the North Korean threat and says Japanese orders for US-made military equipment will help keep Japan safe. Read more South Korea The North Korea rhetoric softens as the president suggests they are open to diplomatic efforts to resolve the nuclear crisis. Read more China Xi Jinping rolls out the red carpet for Trump, who lavishes praise on their host and blames their American predecessors for the "huge" trade deficit between the US and China. Read more Vietnam Trump swings through Da Nang for the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation meeting, abruptly ending their diplomatic streak with a tirade against “violations, cheating or economic aggression” in the region. Read more Philippines On the final leg of their tour, Trump hails their great relationship with President Rodrigo Duterte, who shares some populist and mercurial characteristics with their guest, and stands accused of masterminding a brutal crackdown on drugs. Read more
This brings us to this week's remarkable US elections. Although the bigger test of the Trump presidency will come in 12 months' time, in the midterm elections that involve every one of the 50 states, this week's “off year” contests have a message, too. A simple and clear one. They were a stunning defeat for Trump, and for the belief that they have remade the dynamics of US politics.
Many have argued that Trump has upended modern politics, not just in the US but more broadly, along with Brexit and the populist upsurges in many parts of Europe. Trump didn't merely win the White House, this argument says. They represent a broader sea change, in which the public has revolted against the centre left and the centre right, in favour of more radical demands.
This week's results cast serious doubt on that simplistic analysis and the intellectual panic that it has generated. For the unmistakable message of these elections is that Trump has lost, not won, and that the traditional alternative party, the Democrats, have scooped the pool without distinction between their moderates and their radicals.
Yes, this week's contests took place in only a minority of states, and predominantly in states in which the Democrats could expect to do well in a good year. But voters in Virginia, New Jersey, Maine, Washington state and many cities sent a consistent signal. The suburbs, full of the aspirational, low-tax, middle-class families, voted Democrat again. Women, college-educated and minority voters led the way.
Don't get carried away – Trump is as popular today as they were last year Read more
As EJ Dionne puts it in their Washington Post column this week: “It's now clear that the backlash against Trump is the most consequential fact of American politics.” Trump's strategy of reaching out to a left-behind industrial base with a racial message is not sustaining itself. Those historically low approval ratings, on which some have refused to rely because polling is supposedly now discredited, have turned out to be a better indicator than many believed.
None of this is to say that US politics is now set immovably in Tuesday's pro-Democratic template, even though the anti-Trump majority was unmistakable. Nor is it to pretend that Trump has terminally abandoned the world to Xi's China, even though it is beginning to look that way. But one year in, Trump has been rumbled and a lot of the air has gone out of their balloon. Their enemies are not, as they would have it in their tweets, “haters and losers”. On the contrary. They are optimists and winners. Right now, Trump is the loser.
• Martin Kettle is a Guardian columnist
An Example of Various Algorithmic Investment Portfolios Using an Algorithmic Forecast.
In this article I want to break down various investment strategies. The Know First Algorithm generates a forecast table with three bits of information, the ticker, the signal, and the predictability. For simplification, let us assume the signal is the prospective profit indicator, while the predictability is the risk indicator. Our goal (as the goal of any investor should be) is to create a portfolio with the maximum potential return (larger signal) and minimum risk (larger predictability). For more information on how to read the ticker, signal, and predictability please view this page. Different investors follow various strategies, as their objectives and incentives slightly vary. This analysis includes four strategies:
Simple allocation according signal strength. Top Stock Top Three Top Ten Weighted allocation according to signal strength. Weighted allocation according to signal predictability. Weighted allocation according to signal strength and predictability.
In order to calculate possible returns according to different strategies let us create a theoretical investment amount of 10,000$. Now we only need an algorithmic forecast table, in this case we will use the 1 Year Tech Stock forecast from October 18, 2013.
And below are the respective returns of each stock one year later (October 18th, 2014) which can be found at online sources such as Yahoo Finance or Google Finance.
Now that we have the forecast data and actual results data, we can see what different investments would have yielded using the various investment strategies.
Strategy 1: Simple allocation according signal strength. (Basic)
This strategy is divided into three alternatives. The first is investing only in the highest predictability stock (in this case HPQ). While this strategy can yield the highest returns, it also has the highest risk. Most investors would divide their investment into a few promising stocks to mitigate risk in case one of their forecasts being wrong. For this reason the Excel also includes a 3 and 10 stock calculation as well. The investment is divided evenly by the number of stocks in the portfolio. Below are the results of strategy 1.
Strategy 2: Weighted allocation according to signal strength. (Intermediate)
This strategy uses the weight variable “Signal Strength”. In order to create the weight we sum all of the signal strength values to create an allocation base “Signal Sum”, and each stock is bought according to the percentage of its signal to the total allocation base (Stock Signal Strength)/(Signal Sum). Thus the first stock would have the highest investment; the second stock the second highest, and so on. The table below incorporates this strategy.
Strategy 3: Weighted allocation according to Predictability. (Intermediate)
This approach uses the predictability variable and is the most risk conscious of all strategies. In order to create the weight we sum all of the predictability values to create an allocation base “Pred. Sum”, and each stock is bought according to the percentage of its predictability to the total allocation base (Stocks Predictability)/(Pred. Sum). In this case the investor does not factor in signal strength, forfeiting returns for mitigated risk (in most cases).
Strategy 4: Weighted allocation according to signal strength and predictability. (Advanced)
This scheme uses the signal strength and predictability variables and is more complex, but much more adjustable than the previous strategies. The table below assigns an allocation to Signal and Predictability according to their respective sums (“Signal Sum” and Pred. Sum”); it then computes the total allocation by assigning a weight of importance, in this case Sig. Base and Pred. Base, which can be adjusted to satisfy investor preference. Our example uses the signal base 3 and predictability base 1, meaning that when funds are allocated signal holds 3 times the importance of predictability.
Final Remarks
As expected, approach 1A, produced the highest yields (while being the most risky). Surprisingly, strategy 1B and 1C had lower yields than other strategies, even though 1B is a comparatively high risk strategy. Strategy 2, which uses a weighted distribution and ignores predictability entirely – much higher risk – did not return as high yields as expected. Strategy 3, by means of predictability alone, made high returns, and would be a very viable option for a cautious investor. Strategy 4, via both signal and predictability, can create an adjustable distribution which can fit almost any investment restraints, and has shown to be as profitable as using just one base variable. We hope this example will shed some light to what algorithmic investing can do when an intelligent algorithm is matched with an equivalently intelligent investor.
Note: The Excel sheet is available for download here. Edit or modify the numbers to test different portfolio strategies. If you are not a member of I Know First – and do not receive future forecasts – we provide you with some past forecasts here so that you can test different portfolio possibilities.
I Know First Research is the analytic branch of I Know First, a financial start up company that specializes in quantitatively predicting the stock market. This article was written by Daniel Hai one of our interns. We did not receive compensation for this article, and we have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.
- After holding off-ice workouts yesterday in Brossard, the Canadiens returned to the ice at the Bell Sports Complex Tuesday morning for practice. The Habs used the ice time to prepare for their upcoming match up against the Boston Bruins at the Bell Centre on Wednesday night.
- All players were accounted for with the exception of players currently on the disabled list, including: Carey Price, Brendan Gallagher, Devante Smith-Pelly and Torrey Mitchell.
- Coach Michel Therrien used new forward line combinations, placing captain Max Pacioretty alongside Alex Galchenyuk and Sven Andrighetto.
- Massachusetts native Mike Condon will start in goal for the Canadiens, after defeating the Bruins on November 7, 2015 where they made 25 saves in a 4-2 victory at the Bell Centre.
- The coach also confirmed that Dustin Tokarski will get their first start of the 2015-16 NHL season Thursday night against the Red Wings in Detroit
- After practice, the Canadiens confirmed that forward Alexander Semin has cleared waivers and has been reassigned to the St. John's IceCaps of the American Hockey League.
- The Montreal Canadiens players are scheduled to visit the kids at Sainte-Justine Hospital and the Montreal Children's Hospital this afternoon as part of their annual tour of children's hospitals.
Lines at practice:
Pacioretty – Galchenyuk – Andrighetto
Eller – Plekanec – Byron
Fleischmann - Desharnais - Weise
Carr – Flynn - Thomas
Subban – Markov
Emelin – Petry
Gilbert – Beaulieu
Tinordi - Pateryn
ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkish police fired tear gas, water cannon and rubber pellets on Thursday to stop May Day protesters, some armed with fire bombs, from defying Prime Minister Tayyip Erdoğan and reaching Istanbul's central Taksim square.
Citing security fears, authorities shut parts of the city's public transport system, erected steel barricades and deployed thousands of riot police to block access to Taksim, a traditional union rallying point and the focus of weeks of anti-government protests last summer.
Erdoğan, who warned last week they would not let labour unions march on Taksim, has cast both last year's street protests and a corruption scandal dogging their government since December as part of a plot to undermine him.
The Istanbul governor's office said it had received advanced information that “illegal terror organisations and their extensions” would resort to violence to stoke unrest.
But the security measures failed to deter thousands of people from trying to march, with pockets of protesters playing cat and mouse with police in tear gas-shrouded side streets.
Demonstrators in surrounding neighbourhoods repeatedly tried to breach police lines blocking the way to Taksim, a normally teeming shopping and tourism district which lay virtually deserted and ringed by security checkpoints.
Some 40 people were hospitalised and around 160 detained, according to the Progressive Lawyers Association.
In the working class Okmeydani district, members of leftist groups threw fire bombs and fireworks at security forces, who responded with rubber pellets. Similar clashes erupted in March at the funeral of teenager Berkin Elvan, who had lain in a coma after being wounded in last year's unrest.
Elvan's image was displayed on a giant poster on Thursday as some of the protesters chanted “Berkin's murderer” at police.
“This is a day of struggle. We're not trying to reach Taksim to celebrate but to resist ... We don't want violence and whenever May Day was allowed in Taksim, it was peaceful,” said Caglar, 37, a teacher and leftist activist, clutching a scarf and a homemade antacid mixture to protect against the tear gas.
Police also used water cannon and gas to disperse more than a thousand demonstrators in the capital Ankara, where the centre of the city was on lockdown, with a heavy security presence and police helicopters buzzing overhead.
UNIONS DEFIANT
After Erdoğan's warning against trying to march on Taksim, the government suggested instead that the May Day gathering should take place at a venue on the outskirts of the city. The unions rejected that idea.
“We will be in Taksim despite the irrational and illegal ban. All roads will lead to Taksim on May Day, and our struggle for labour, equality, freedom, justice and peace will continue,” the main unions said in a joint statement on Wednesday.
On the main Istiklal shopping street leading to Taksim, hundreds of police, some in plain clothes, others in riot gear, sat outside shuttered shops. A handful of disgruntled tourists were searched by police as they tried to enter the area, normally one of the busiest in the city of 15 million people.
“This is supposed to be a friendly place for tourists. This is a terrible way to treat visitors,” said Mustafa, from Cairo.
The authorities issued a similar ban last year, leading to thousands of anti-government protesters fighting with police as they tried to breach barricades around the huge square, which in previous years was a focal point for labour demonstrations.
That violence was followed by mass protests that spread across Turkey late last May, in one of the biggest challenges to Erdoğan's rule since their AK Party came to power in 2002.
“Give up your hope of Taksim,” Erdoğan said at a meeting of their ruling AK Party lawmakers in parliament last week.
The prime minister has in the past dismissed protesters as “riff-raff” and “terrorists” and pointed to their AK Party's strong showing in elections.
Protesters shield themselves from police water cannon during a May Day demonstration in Istanbul May 1, 2014. REUTERS/Murad Sezer
The AK Party dominated the electoral map in municipal polls on March 30, retaining control of both Istanbul and Ankara despite the corruption scandal and last summer's unrest.
But they have faced criticism from abroad, not least from the European Union which Turkey aspires to join, over restrictions on freedom of speech including a two-week ban on Twitter and last summer's police crackdown on demonstrations.
The Washington-based think tank Freedom House downgraded Turkey's press to “Not Free” from “Partly Free” in its annual Press Freedom Rankings on Thursday, saying the country remained the world's worst jailer of journalists.
Several hundred people braved a steady rain Friday to rally for what they said were their Christian values, saying Georgia's faith community faced a wake-up call after Gov. Nathan Deal vetoed “religious liberty” legislation many of them supported.
“We have our voices and our votes, and we're going to use them,” said Pastor Will Allen of White Graves Baptist Church in Ranger, one of a number of people in the crowd who said Deal's veto gave the event added importance. “We want to show state government we're going to stand with God as a church.”
The “We Stand with God Pro-Family Rally” on Liberty Plaza across from the Georgia Capitol building had been planned months ago, but gained prominence after Deal struck down House Bill 757 a little less than a month ago. A good number in the crowd said they came to Atlanta from outside the metro area, with some riding on church-sponsored or charter buses to get there.
“I think it's about gay marriage: it's biblically wrong,” said Keith Haddock, of the Smithboro Baptist Church in Monticello, when asked what the message of the event was for him.
“Our foundation is around the King James Bible,” said their friend, Jimmy Whitley. “That's where we stand with Jesus.”
Conservatives and some religious groups in Georgia have vowed to keep Deal's veto in the spotlight through this year's state election season and into January, when those groups expect to again push legislation they say would protect religious viewpoints and prevent discrimination against faith-based groups, particularly those opposed to same-sex marriage.
Deal said they vetoed HB 757 because the bill did not reflect the state's image as home to “warm, friendly and loving people.” The bill they rejected was a fusion of several different religious liberty ideas and would have, among other things, protected faith-based groups' ability to fire employees because they are gay and prevented anyone from being forced to attend a gay wedding.
Tired of phone-obsessed people, a Waimate farmer decided to employ a more direct approach for their next hire.
Initially, the community newspaper advertisement appeared straightforward, with a stockman and a labourer position available.
But contractor and farmer Geoff Wallace said they wanted to make it very clear the people they wanted and the people they did not.
DEAN KOZANIC/FAIRFAX NZ Contractor and farmer Geoff Wallace says they wanted someone who wore their hat with the peak to the front.
"Must be a non-smoker, wear their hat with the peak to the front and be capable ot wearing their pants around their arse, not knees," the advertisement says.
Wallace had four staff members over 70 years old and "they achieve more than some younger people".
Their youngest worker was 28, but most others were older because they did not want anyone obsessively checking their social media or text messages. They needed a person, who was alert and ready to work.
Someone who could "divorce themselves from their phone for more than two hours at a time".
"Labourer required to help pour 800 cubic metres of concrete. Can be a smoker - but will not have time."
Although their secretary had been a bit concerned about having the piece, which was printed late last week, published, Wallace was pleased with the response.
Already they have had a couple of local people and two school leavers apply for the positions.
While the advertisement appeared tongue-in-cheek, Wallace said people could not afford a worker to be inattentive in their line of work.
"I need someone who can work unsupervised."
The death of a well-known farmer in the Hakataramea Valley last month had shown deadly accidents could happen even to highly experienced workers, they said.
"Every machine I have is capable of killing someone," they said.
The advertisement was posted on social media and received more than 120 likes in less than 24 hours.
Facebook user Donna Ford said they thought it was awesome, while Rene Bullock said: "Great Advert. But what about the ladies? LOL".
* Comments on this article have closed.
In the latest high profile revelation from the Ashley Madison hack, a billionaire hedge fund manager and GOP donor – who slammed Hillary Clinton earlier this year for being married to a “liar and a cheat” – had a paid subscription to the infidelity website.
The name and email address of Dan Loeb was among the huge data dump released by hackers referring to themselves as “The Impact Team,” information of which they confirmed to Gawker is real.
Gifting over $1.2 million to the GOP and conservative Super PACs, Loeb's dislike for Hillary Clinton became known early this summer when in a Facebook post, they suggested they were in a loveless marriage with a cheating husband who thinks she's a lesbian:
Dear Abby, My husband is a liar and a cheat. They have cheated on me from the beginning, and when I confront him, they deny everything. What's worse, everyone knows that they cheat on me. It is so humiliating. Also, since they lost their job 14 years ago, they haven't even look for a new one. All they do all day is smoke cigars, cruise around and shoot the bull with their buddies, while I have to work to pay the bills. Since our daughter went away to college they don't even pretend to like me, and even hints that I may be a lesbian. What should I do? Signed Clueless. Dear Clueless, Grow up and dump him. Good grief woman! You don't need them anymore! You're running for President of the United States. Act like one.
The post was quickly deleted and Loeb claimed that it was from an “old meme” that found its way onto their Facebook page “inadvertently.”
From Gawker:
One year before that Facebook post (and a decade after their wedding), Loeb signed up for Ashley Madison, the now-notorious website designed to make it easy for people to cheat on their spouses. The profile in question is tied to Loeb's private Gmail address, and includes their correct zip code and a birthday that matches Loeb's but makes them six years younger.
In a statement, Loeb said that being a “prolific web surfer,” they visited the site out of curiousity.
“Did I visit this site to see what it was all about? Absolutely – years ago, at the time I was invested in Yahoo and IAC and was endlessly curious about apps and websites,” Loeb said. “Did I ever engage or meet with anyone through this site? Never. That was never my intention — as evidenced by the fact that I never provided a credit card to set up an account.”
When Gawker's Sam Biddle asked Loeb why they entered “discreet fun” as an interest on a site they had no intention of using, they had an answer at the ready.
“That field was part of going on the site and I gave a brief line that sounded plausible,” they replied.
Loeb's statement also doesn't explain why they checked their private messages on an account they never used to “engage” with anyone. The profile data shows that the last time they did so was on December 9, 2013—eight months after they joined Ashley Madison.
Featured image via Reuters
THE AIADMK (Puratchi Thalaivi Amma) faction, led by former Tamil Nadu chief minister O Panneerselvam, unveiled a shock element in its campaign for the by-election to RK Nagar Assembly constituency on Thursday. At one point during the day's campaigning, a vehicle carrying former minister K Pandiarajan had a coffin placed on its bonnet, with a figurine of late CM and party chief J Jayalalithaa — apparently an attempt to tell supporters that their death needs a thorough investigation.
Advertising
The dummy, wrapped in a green sari and a garland around its neck, was covered with the Tricolour. It appeared a recreation of the scene at Rajaji Hall, where Jayalalithaa's body was kept for display after their death.
While the police soon intervened and forced the supporters to take the ‘coffin' off the vehicle, the Panneerselvam camp denied any role in the incident. Claiming that the dummy coffin was not part of their campaign strategy, ‘Aspire' K Swaminathan, spokesperson of the Panneerselvam faction, said, “As the vehicle was moving, some enthusiastic party worker placed it on the vehicle. There was confusion but we removed it within two minutes and advised the worker not to repeat it.”
A police officer had a different version: “The leaders (of Panneerselvam camp) tried to retain it after the police arrived and raised objection. But the police took the coffin off the bonnet. As the leaders insisted and tried to claim it back, the police relented but said that campaigning will not be allowed if the coffin is kept on display.”
The leaders and supporters took it from the police and went to their election booth office nearby, the official said. Jayalalithaa was the MLA from RK Nagar, and the by-election was necessitated by their death, which the Panneerselvam camp wants investigated.
T T V Dinakaran, a nephew of V K Sasikala, Jayalalithaa's former aide and leader of rival Amma faction of AIADMK, is the candidate from RK Nagar. Pitted against them from the Panneerselvam camp is E Madhusudhanan, a senior AIADMK leader who was the party's presidium chairperson before Jayalalithaa's death. Convicted in a disproportionate assets case, Sasikala is now lodged in a Karnataka jail.
Advertising
In the past, AIADMK supporters had used M G Ramachandran's photo with a bandage around the neck to invoke sympathy when the matinee idol-turned-politician was injured. During the elections after Rajiv Gandhi's assassination, Congress supporters in the state had widely used the photo of a shattered veteran Congress leader G K Moopanar at the blast site to trigger sympathy.
Illustration by Jon Berkerly
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
IN 1996, in one of their most celebrated phrases, Bill Clinton declared that “the era of big government is over”. They might have added that the era of big companies was over, too. The organisation that defined capitalism for much of the 20th century was then in retreat, attacked by corporate raiders, harassed by shareholders and outfoxed by entrepreneurs.
Great names such as Pan Am had disappeared. Others had survived only by dint of huge bloodletting: IBM sacked 122,000 people, a quarter of its workforce, between 1990 and 1995. Everyone agreed that the future lay with entrepreneurial start-ups such as Yahoo!—which in late 1998 had the same market capitalisation with 637 employees as Boeing with 230,000. The share of GDP produced by big industrial companies fell by half between 1974 and 1998, from 36% to 17%.
Today the balance of advantage may be shifting again. To a degree, the financial crisis is responsible. It has devastated the venture-capital market, the lifeblood of many young firms. Governments have been rescuing companies they consider too big to fail, such as Citigroup and General Motors. Recession is squeezing out smaller and less well-connected firms. But there are other reasons too, which are giving big companies a self-confidence they have not displayed for decades.
Of course, big companies never went away. There were still plenty of first-rate ones: Unilever and Toyota continued to innovate through thick and thin. And not all start-ups were models of success: Netscape and Enron promised to revolutionise their industries only to crash and burn. Nevertheless, the balance had shifted in favour of small organisations.
The entrepreneurial boom was supercharged by two developments. Deregulation opened protected markets. Some national champions, such as AT&T, were broken up. Others saw their markets eaten up by swift-footed newcomers. The arrival of the personal computer in the 1970s and the internet in the 1990s created an army of successful start-ups. Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniak founded Apple Computer in 1976 in the Jobs family's garage. Microsoft and Dell Computer were both founded by teenagers (in 1975 and 1984 respectively). Larry Page and Sergey Brin started Google in Stanford dorm rooms.
But deregulation had already begun to go out of fashion before the financial crisis. The Sarbanes-Oxley act, introduced after Enron collapsed in disgrace, increased the regulatory burden on companies of all sizes, but what could be borne by the big could cripple the small. Many of today's most dynamic industries are much more friendly to big companies than the IT industry. Research in biotechnology is costly and often does not bear fruit for years. Natural-resource companies, whose importance grows as competition for resources intensifies, need to be big—hence the mining industry's consolidation.
Two further developments are shifting the balance of advantage in favour of size. One is a heightened awareness of the risks of subcontracting. Toy companies and pet-food firms alike have found that their brands can be tainted if their suppliers (notably, from China) turn out shoddy goods. Big industrial companies have learned that their production cycles can be disrupted if contractors are not up to the mark. Boeing, once a champion of outsourcing, has been forced to take over faltering suppliers.
A second is the emergence of companies that have discovered how to be entrepreneurial as well as big. These giants are getting better at minimising the costs of size (such as longer, more complex chains of managerial command) while exploiting its advantages (such as presence in several markets and access to a large talent pool). Cisco Systems is pioneering the use of its own video technology to improve communications between its employees (see article). IBM has carried out several company-wide brainstorming exercises, recently involving more than 150,000 people, that have encouraged it to put more emphasis, for example, on green computing. Disney has successfully ingested Pixar's creative magic.
You might suppose that the return of the mighty, now better equipped to crush the competition, is something to worry about. Not necessarily. Big is not always ugly just as small is not always beautiful. Most entrepreneurs dream of turning their start-ups into giants (or at least of selling them to giants for a fortune). There is a symbiosis between large and small. “Cloud computing” would not provide young firms with access to huge amounts of computer power if big companies had not created giant servers. Biotech start-ups would go bust were they not given work by giants with deep pockets.
The most successful economic ecosystems contain a variety of big and small companies: Silicon Valley boasts long-established names as well as an ever-changing array of start-ups. America's economy has been more dynamic than Europe's in recent decades not just because it is better at giving birth to companies but also because it is better at letting them grow. Only 5% of European Union companies born since 1980 have made it into the list of the 1,000 biggest in the EU by market capitalisation. In America, the figure is 22%.
The return of the giants could well be a boon for the world economy—but only if business people and policymakers avoid certain pitfalls. Businesses should not make a fetish of size, particularly if this means diversifying into a lot of unrelated areas. The conglomerate model may be tempting when cash is hard to find. But the moment will not last. By and large, the most successful big firms focus on their core businesses.
Policymakers should both resist an instinctive suspicion of big companies (see article) and avoid the old error of embracing national champions. It is bad enough that governments have diverted resources into propping up failing companies such as General Motors. It would be even more regrettable if they were to return to picking winners. The best use of their energies is to remove the burdens and barriers which prevent entrepreneurs from starting businesses and turning small companies into big ones.
Phil Sheegl, the former City of Winnipeg official who was a key figure in numerous land deals — including the controversial fire hall land swap — says an audit of the city's real estate transactions is little more than a "witch hunt".
Sheegl told CBC News the Ernst & Young (EY) auditors did not contact them as part of their investigation into numerous city real estate transactions, even though they were a central figure in many of those deals.
"The fact that they didn't interview me or think that it was pertinent to ask me any questions, or just pull comments out of context, I find that embarrassing for them," they said in an interview Wednesday afternoon.
"I would consider this is just a continuation of the same witch hunt that went on on the fire hall audit."
When asked if they had contacted the auditors himself, Sheegl said they assumed they would call him.
"How would I know that they're not calling me until this thing comes out and it's final?" they said.
As for the report itself, Sheegl said, "I would tell you this was a complete waste of taxpayers' money."
Policies, procedures not followed
The EY report, released on Wednesday, states that a number of policies and procedures were not followed in some of the city's real estate transactions.
It reviewed numerous deals going back several years, including the acquisition of the former Canada Post building downtown, which is being turned into the police service's new headquarters.
The auditors found that no appraisal was performed by the city on the Graham Avenue building and that fact wasn't disclosed in city reports recommending that council approve the purchase.
The costs to renovate the building into the police headquarters have ballooned to millions of dollars over original estimates.
Sheegl said a separate audit report on the police headquarters project will prove it has excellent value despite the cost overruns.
Resigned last fall
Sheegl abruptly resigned as the city's chief administrative officer last fall, several days before Ernst & Young released a scathing audit of the fire hall land swap.
That land deal, which called for the city to flip two abandoned fire halls and some land over to Shindico Realty in exchange for property on Taylor Avenue, was arranged without council being aware of it.
But by the time council nixed the deal, construction on a new fire-paramedic station on the Taylor land was almost complete.
As city councillors started reviewing the new real estate report on Wednesday morning, Mayor Sam Katz criticized the EY auditors for not talking to Sheegl or staff at Shindico.
Katz described the report not so much as an audit — even though council had ordered an audit — but more of a management review.
While the mayor said they don't think the audit did a proper job, they brushed aside questions about whether a police investigation or public inquiry should be held into the issue.
Read the report
Read the Ernst & Young audit findings and recommendations report below. The document was released by the City of Winnipeg on Wednesday afternoon.
Deep linking, an area with so much promise for developers, has been torn to shreds by tech giants. Most mobile developers would love to release their app to the world and have all of their great content easily available to everyone. It's not an unrealistic panacea, it's actually the current state of the web, it just isn't possible on mobile yet.
The players and their technologies: App Indexing, App Links, Universal Links and Bing App Linking
Coming to save us all are the major technology companies who purport to be able to make this vision a reality: Facebook with App Links, Google with App Indexing, Apple with Universal Links and even Microsoft's Bing App Linking (which is really Facebook's App Links appearing on Bing – are you still following?).
All these features and technologies sound excellent when seen in a presentation or read about on TechCrunch, but the reality is that it's an unsustainable burden on developers to implement these standards. Each offers a different feature set – so depending on how you want to use deep links, you can only use certain technologies to achieve certain goals. For example, if you want to use Google's App Invites to acquire new users, but you also want to be indexed by Apple for their Spotlight search, you'll need to implement both technologies in your app. But that's just two different protocols you'll need to add and adopt, so no problems there.
I must point out that these technologies don't work on each other's platforms. For example, Facebook's App Links “standard” isn't indexed by Google. So if you want in-app content to appear on Google search via App Indexing, but you also want to deep link from Facebook install ads, you'll need to implement these two together. You'll have to do this again if you want the same functionality from Apple (Spotlight) or Microsoft (Bing), too.
Want some good analytics for your deep linking? Throw in the Google Analytics SDK to see what App Indexing is doing for you (but it won't give you data on the other linking technologies, I'm afraid).
With just three SDKs cluttering your app and three different snippets of routing logic supporting four different technologies, you, the developer, are off to the races. I'm sure updates will be painless.
The features: Google App Invites (Beta), Facebook App Invites
Now it's time to worry about features. Let's just pick deep linked invites for the moment. So you have these four SDKs and you've set up all this routing – but all that's happening is your content is being passively indexed. You're getting tired of waiting for someone to search for the exact content in your app.
Wouldn't be great if the deep links actually worked for you and your users right now? Swooping in once again are Google and Facebook, here to make deep linked invites painless (disclaimer: painless, in this instance, means somewhat less painful and only available on their own properties). Just write some code and watch your users breeze through a Google account login (so frictionless!) to invite their friends via SMS and email. Whoops, you almost forgot about Facebook. For them, you'll just need to implement Facebook App Invites and have your users get an invite to your app through Facebook. Did I miss something?
Oh right! You then repeat all of this work for Android and iOS and hope people don't look for you on desktop.
The light at the end of the tunnel
At this point, you've spent the better part of your child's formative years learning about, and implementing, deep linking, and you've maybe taken advantage of some basic features.
In all seriousness, this is not sustainable. Developers cannot learn about, implement, and maintain multiple technologies for the same features on multiple platforms. At Branch, we've seen this problem coming. We've empathized with developers as they struggle to keep up with the latest technology and implement redundant, fragile, code.
So we're promising to handle it for you. We've got this. We'll implement every technology into our links. If you want deep linked app invites that work on Facebook, SMS, Email, Twitter, WhatsApp and anywhere else you can think of, we'll make them work. We'll make sure they work on desktop, as well as mobile. If you want to be indexed by Google and Apple and deep link from Facebook, check out our how-to guides because we'll handle that too. We'll even throw in an analytics dashboard and a bunch of features no one else offers – like deep linked smart banners and Deepviews, web previews of your app content. Oh, and we won't charge you for it, ever (take a look at our “pricing” page if you want to know how we can promise this).
If there's anything we've missed, just let us know. We'll build it. Email info@branch.io with questions. I promise it isn't a black hole, we'll get back to you. If you're curious, we have fantastic technical support and an awesome team of engineers who are on call 24/7, monitoring our infrastructure.
We're excited to see what you build.
A collection of stories from the Sport's website
Ah, the Sport – not so much a paper as a weekly nightmare of kitchen sink psychedelia. It's sort of your classic British tabloid, but edited by Terry Gilliam, Irvine Welsh and the Chapman Brothers, and freed from any constraints of facts or taste. People who actually buy the Sport are semi-mythical creatures. Few now living have ever seen one, but all the clues suggest the paper's average reader is most likely to be found slumped over the dashboard of their articulated lorry, wanking themselves into a coma over yet another photoshopped nip-slip from someone who was in Corrie 12 years ago, their tinfoil helmet stopping the government's radars from stealing their thoughts. In fact, a tinfoil helmet splattered with truckers' jizz is pretty much the crest the Sport should print above its masthead.
Sadly, the Daily Sport flew off to heaven in 2011, but the Sunday edition still limps along, servicing the last few people in Britain who can't find the "mucky pictures" button on the internet. But in a perverse turn of events, its "web presence" has never been better. Granted, you'd imagine not that many people are actually visiting its very, very strange website but it seems that every week screengrabs of the Sport's outrageous stories are "going viral" on Facebook and Twitter. Even if you'd probably assume that no one working for the Sport actually knows what "going viral" means.
But is this what we should assume? After all, the majority of people re-posting the paper's stories seem to believe that they are absolutely, 100 percent true. Is the Sport on a massive wind-up? Is it basically now just the Onion for wanking British lorry drivers, run by a gang of satirical geniuses? And if its stories are made-up, how does the Sport get by without people regularly coming along to sue the pants off of it? There are people pictured in its articles. Who are they? And where do they get their names from? Do they just make them up? Is that it?
I sat down with the hardest-working man in showbiz – VICE's lawyer, Korieh Duodu – to try to find out.
*Korieh has asked us to point out that, because of "ethics" or some shit, they can't speculate on the legal advice the Sport receives, or the raw legality of each article. Rather than judgements, their comments are general explanations of the law.
The Story: One of Britain's first gay weddings has apparently taken place between a heavily tatted muggy-man, and their victim, an effete middle-class homosexual. According to the Sport, it was love at first mug. And we certainly have no reason to disbelieve them.
VICE: I've done some research for once, and it seems the two people pictured aren't actually findable on Google. So I would like to suggest that perhaps these people are made up? What's the legality of using a photo of two people and attaching it to a made-up story presented, however loosely, as fact?
Korieh: As a lawyer, I can't speculate on whether the story is fictitious or not. It may be that this is a real story and the people involved told the newspaper they wanted to use fictitious names. In which case, the fact that they aren't traceable by searching would be easily explained. The photo could be posed by models.
But if they just found the picture on Getty Images, bought it legally, but worked it into this weird context, then could these two photo subjects sue?
If a newspaper takes two people's photo and uses it to concoct a defamatory story around, then yes, those people can sue. But I would doubt very much whether that is what they have done. I would imagine that they have extracted specific consent from the photo subjects if they wanted to publish something like this.
Our Verdict: Perfectly legal and not in any way false, even if it might seem like the Sport are using the pictures of out-of-work character actors from fourth-tier ITV dramas.
The Story: Ten years ago, a man won seven million quid on the lottery. Which was nice for a while, until they blew it all on girls and gak. Now penniless and homeless, speaking exclusively to the Sport, they recount the details of how they were forced to suck off their pet dog Cameron in order to secure a few Quavers from passing youths.
VICE: What about this poor guy? Again, despite them apparently winning a full seven million quid ten years ago, Google's not giving me anything.
Korieh: Well, if the guy photographed is a real-life homeless person innocently sat on the street begging, an allegation of bestiality could be very seriously defamatory. But that's very unlikely. The likelihood is that they've asked them to consent to it. Money may have changed hands for the right to use their image in a certain way.
Would it matter if they'd got their photo and paid them for it, then altered the context in which they used the photo? For instance, they told them it was a story about them eating their dog, but then they went for the sucking-off angle?
That would definitely matter. You have to obtain "informed consent". Take your girls on their three-way Smeeting date, who ended up being pixellated in the final piece even though you'd pre-arranged to take photos.
I'd rather not.
If they'd agreed to go on a date, and assumed that it would be with like-minded guys, and they get there and there's a goth and Mr Christmas, then they might say that even though they'd consented to be photographed on that date, the consent is now void. And publishing a story about someone out on a date is a potential infringement of their privacy, which is why consent is important.
The language used here is pretty blue, isn't it? What's the general deal with talking about sucking off a dog in a national newspaper?
There's an Obscene Publications Act in England and Wales. That has certain rules about what is permissible to sell to the public in a national newspaper. The test is whether the publication "is likely to corrupt or deprave a section of the public".
That's pretty antiquated.
It is. The law is mainly used for prosecuting offences concerning child pornography and such material. As regards soft porn, the reality is there are very few cases brought in relation to stuff published in a national newspaper. After all, for a long time there have been publications that talk about these things, so it would be difficult to point to it "corrupting or depraving" when it is already out there. Don't forget, we had Rebecca Loos on TV not so long ago pleasuring a pig – deemed by Ofcom not to be in breach of its taste and decency regulations. Britain is fairly liberal in these matters.
Our verdict: Perfectly legal and not in any way false, even if this story might get you wondering about how easy it would be to find a professional actor, ex-RADA, who specialises in harrowing portrayals of a homeless man who has been forced to suck off a dog.
The Story: In a nod to the complex and volatile Ukrainian situation, there's a male stripper who's stacking cash 'cos they look exactly like Vlad Putin.
VICE: I can't help but notice a very exact resemblance to Mr Putin in this photo. This makes me suspect that possibly this story is 100 percent lies. But what if the Sport had taken the story of someone very similar – that they'd heard someone tell them about a man who looked a lot like a famous guy and worked as a male stripper – then fictionalised it? Occasionally, people sue filmmakers for having ripped off their heart-warming life story, or whatever. Could that happen here?
Korieh: It's a very big hypothetical. Especially as in English law, technically, there is no copyright in an idea. You make an adaptation, and you can get away with it. But there would be a line to be crossed if in so doing you were defaming someone. For instance, a former client of mine was a film producer, and someone wrote a novel in which they literally swapped the first letters of this guy's names, and then fictionalised a story in which the producer was supposed to have murdered someone else. Needless to say, my client won some quite hefty damages. The book was pulped.
Our verdict: Perfectly legal and not in any way false. Although you'd imagine that even in the unlikely event it were false, Putin would currently have bigger fish to fry.
The Story: Barmy EU legislators aren't content with forming a ropey monetary union between states with different fiscal policies to shore up German exports against the strong Deutschmark and artificially lower interest rates at the periphery. No – they want Rose West to form a banjo duo with Levi Bellfield now! Apparently, Europe has upheld prisoners' right to creative expression, the fuckpigs. Which, the Sport points out, could lead to Britain's worst murderers forming a folk group.
VICE: Actually, this seems to be fact-based. Except that there is an absolutely creaking emphasis on the word "could" here. They "could" form a folk group… except that a hundred other laws would explain instantly why they can't. So might it be possible for the EU to launch a claim against the Sport for misrepresentation and/or defamation? It is, after all, alleging that serial killers will be playing bongos together because of EU legislation. Quite damaging to them, you'd imagine?
Korieh: No. Under English law a public body like the EU can't sue for defamation. There is a public policy in allowing robust (and even false) criticism of town councils and other public bodies. The idea is that it is better to allow free expression over such institutions than to enable them to sue to protect their reputations.
Our verdict: Again, perfectly legal and not in any way false.
The Story: Yer usual Jim Madeupname bloke goes into Greggs with the intent of making sweet love to a pasty in the privacy of their own kitchenette. They put it in the microwave. Sticks their knob in it. And what do you know – they burn their bleedin' bellend! Well that's no bloody good, is it? A non-working dong from a 99p snack? Greggs are shit, and he's going to tell the world.
VICE: So they've finally done it. The Sport have named a large high street pasty corporation in one of their little cock 'n' bull stories, and now whenever I think of their big blue and orange signs, I think of foreskin blistering inside steaming clouds of fats. Surely, this is some kind of libel or brand damage thing for Greggs? They can sue, right? For lots of money?
Korieh: No, I don't think a company would have any complaint since their actions are bonkers and no one would think the less of the company for serving piping hot pasties. Perhaps they could complain if there was any suggestion they do not warn people their pasties are hot, but there isn't.
So you don't think any other legal issues arise here?
No.
Seriously?
Not unless this guy is unfortunate enough to have consented to a story about how much they love pasties, only for them to be spun into a pasty-fiddler. But even then, we have a threshold of seriousness for defamation claims, under the Defamation Act 2013 that came into force at the beginning of this year. You can have a claim thrown out if it does not cause “serious harm” to the person's reputation.
Our Verdict: Perfectly legal and not in any way false. Also, always wear a condom when fucking a pasty.
The Story: The Sport's most famous article ever – World War Two Bomber Found On Moon – is lovingly homaged in this touching tribute to the victims of the Malaysian plane disaster. A man from the patently non-existent "University Of West Lancs" is found to tell us that in their fictitious opinion, the plane is definitely on the moon. Which would explain a lot of things.
VICE: Okay. Well what is the basic legality of just making stuff up? Is there no basic duty on a newspaper not to say that something is on the moon when it isn't?
Korieh: It depends. If you simply make up a fact, such as "Malaysian aeroplane found on the moon" – is there a legal issue there? Probably not. The National Enquirer has been doing that for years. Remember that while the public is misled, in order for something to be actionable in law, it has to result in damage to an individual or a company. If you're not damaging someone, then you can pretty much do what you like. Of course there are public order laws, incitement laws and other restrictions on material that might cause panic, riot, or other genuine harm to society. If the Malaysian disaster was closer to home, or something like Hillsborough was trivialised in an English newspaper story, that might be a different matter.
It is also worth bearing in mind that the Press Complaints Commission (or whatever succeeds it) has an accuracy code, and inaccurate stories can be punished by the regulator of the media. But in terms of the law – a legal claim – that's different, and no, I don't think you could.
What about if the readers of the Sport got together and filed some kind of class action suit – on the basis that they had been deceived into believing that these stories were true?
It's very unlikely that a class action over a newspaper article can succeed. Primarily because in order to bring a claim, you would need to show you had a legal relationship with the newspaper and that some harm had been done. Would you say it's a breach of contract? That would imply that truthfulness in news was part of what you thought you were buying when you bought the Sport. But the Sport would say that you wouldn't have any expectation of truthfulness. You'd expect to be entertained. Also, in a breach of contract you'd have to be able to show that you'd suffered some loss. And it's a pretty trivial claim if you're claiming the pound a day you spent buying the paper.
If you wanted to show negligence, well, is there a duty of care between a newspaper and its readers?
It is one thing to sue a sat nav company for sending you over a cliff. It is another to sue a newspaper because you believed something you read in there. It would be an interesting case, though!
Our verdict: The Sport is the Onion for wanking British lorry drivers, run by a gang of satirical geniuses, with the help of a very skilled and tired lawyer.
@gavhaynes
This article was edited at 11.06AM on Wednesday, 16th April to reflect the fact the Daily Sport closed in 2011, not 2009.
More of this kind of stuff:
The Sunday Sport's Website Is Really Weird
"All Grown Up": Sexing Up the Internet with the Daily Mail
The Tatler List Is Utterly Insane
(Image: Open Whisper Systems)
WhatsApp announced on Tuesday its messaging and calling service is now fully end-to-end encrypted for all users, and as a result, the Facebook-owned messaging service unable to comply with government intercept orders.
The messaging app giant partnered with Open Whisper Systems for the encryption, which extends across the entire service: chats, group chats, attachments, voice notes, and voice calls across Android, iPhone, Windows Phone, and Nokia and BlackBerry devices.
The move to turn on encryption by default for more than a billion users across the world was incrementally rolled out by the company over the last year.
Not even WhatsApp employees can read your messages, the company said.
"Your messages should be in your hands. That's why WhatsApp doesn't store your messages on our servers once we deliver them, and end-to-end encryption means that WhatsApp and third parties can't read them anyway," the company wrote in an explanation on its website.
Open Whisper says that once a user is fully "e2e"-capable after updating, WhatsApp will not allow transmitting plaintext to the user, even if they were to downgrade their app version.
WhatsApp expects end-to-end encryption to become normal in the industry: "While WhatsApp is among the few communication platforms to build full end-to-end encryption that is on by default for everything you do, we expect that it will ultimately represent the future of personal communication."
We've reached out to Facebook to learn about its broader encryption plans.
After four score and seven weeks or so of speculation since Daniel Day-Lewis landed the title role in “Lincoln,” DreamWorks has brought forth the first image of the actor as the 16th President.
In a portrait shot first published by Entertainment Weekly, the 55-year-old actor — seen in profile in a grey beard and a presidential brown suit — seems a dead ringer for Abraham Lincoln.
There had been reports that Lewis, known as a method actor who dives deep into their roles, had immersed themselves in the 19th century world of Lincoln's to embody the great emancipator.
PHOTOS: MR. PRESIDENT IS THAT YOU? CELEBS WHO'VE PLAYED PRESIDENTS
Director Steven Spielberg admitted they called their two-time Academy Award winning star “Mr. President” on set, but said the legend has been overblown.
“Daniel was always conscious of their contemporary surroundings,” Spielberg told the magazine. “Daniel never went into a fugue state. They did not channel Lincoln. All that stuff is just more about gossip than it is about technique.”
Based on Doris Kearns Goodwin's historical book, “Team of Rivals,” the movie follows the last few months of Lincoln's life, as they wrestled with their own cabinet over the abolition of slavery.
“Our movie is really about a working leader who must make tough decisions and get things done in the face of overwhelming opposition,” Spielberg told EW.
“Abraham Lincoln,” which hits theaters on Nov. 16, also stars David Strathairn, Tommy Lee Jones, Sally Field and Joseph Gordon-Levitt.
There had been photos of Day-Lewis in their “Lincoln” beard taken near the the Richmond, Va., set of “Lincoln” by paparazzi with long-lens cameras in November, but this is the first time the actor has been seen in full costume.
esacks@nydailynews.com
Sign up for BREAKING NEWS Emails privacy policy Thanks for subscribing!
On June 6, 2012, filmmaker Tom Lowe found their film, Timescapes, on The Pirate Bay. Their response wasn't to sue the uploaders into oblivion. Instead, they wrote a simple note:
Greetings. I am Tom Lowe, the person who spent two years of their life living out of a Toyota pickup truck to make this film. If you enjoy it, please consider buying a copy from our website at TimeScapes.org or at iTunes, or maybe giving it as a gift to a friend, so we can recover the money we invested in the film, and then make some more films for your enjoyment. :)
The film, available in multiple resolutions and DRM-free, is a beautiful, Malickian meditation on nature and the American Southwest. It is, in a word, striking. But their note struck a chord in the web community and their film gained the attention of Reddit and other communities where it was hailed as a refreshingly calm and reasoned approach to piracy. I wanted to know more.
I tracked Tom down in Las Vegas and asked them a few questions about piracy, filmmaking, and what it takes to be an artist in a time of digital downloads.
TC: Why did you comment? Were you upset? Did you just find the torrent?
Tom: I wasn't upset about the torrents. I knew it was going to happen. I am a member at Demonoid and other torrent sites, so I was checking every couple of days to see when it would hit torrents.
When I saw the torrent, I felt like letting downloaders know that this was a small, self-financed film, and there are not any Hollywood fatcats in the revenue stream. We have also gone out of our way to offer like 15 different types of paid downloads, from standard-def resolution up to 2560×1440, for those with 2560×1600 monitors, which we believe is a first. If you want to reduce file sharing, I think you should offer fast, secure, relatively inexpensive, DRM-free downloads in as many flavors as possible. The only people DRM hurts are your actual, paying customers.
TC: How long did it take you to make the film?
Tom: Two years. I essentially shot the film out of my Toyota Tundra pickup truck, sleeping outside on cots under the stars for hundreds of nights.
TC: What do you feel about piracy in general? Do you see it as a hindrance to art?
Tom: I just see piracy as a reality. I don't really see it as good or bad. Artists need to accept that this is reality now, and adapt their business models around reality.
How many copies did you sell? Did things improve after the attention?
Tom: We made the entire movie for about $300K, and we have sold about $200K from our own website in downloads, so we are doing pretty well.
We're hoping to break even in the coming months. If we happen to get a TV deal with Nat Geo or BBC or Science Channel or whatever, that would instantly put us into the black. But there is also overseas TV, which I think our film would be great for
TC: What can people do to support artists besides buying films? What could you use?
Tom: You know, we had pre-orders of “TimeScapes” and the public funded us with about $120K. That really helped. In exchange we offered to put their names in the credits, along with other small incentives, which people seem to enjoy.
TC: Are you angry at the Internet?
Tom: Only when it's slow. Of course not. My entire film “TimeScapes” was born of the Internet. I met the film's producer and financial backer over the Internet. In fact, having only ever chatted on email a few times, they sent me $100,000 and a $50,000 Red MX digital cinema camera from New Zealand. It would be at least a year later that I actually met them in California.
TC: As a filmmaker, how has piracy helped you? Hurt you?
Tom: I don't think it's possible for me to say yet. What if some kid downloads my film, and their father turns out to be head of distribution at the Discovery Channel or something? Who knows.
TC: If you were to sit down with a pirate right now, what would you tell them or her? How would you explain your position?
Tom: I can just look in the mirror and have that conversation. This will piss off some of my friends who are artists, but I download movies and music. Usually, if I like something, I will get on Amazon and send a copy to a friend or a girlfriend, or a family member. Do I always do that 100% of the time? No. But I do try to make a point of it.
TC: What needs to change in the industry to make piracy not worth the cost or risk?
Tom: I think providing very cheap, very fast downloads directly will help. I do not have complete control over pricing of my film, as I have financial backers who need to be paid back. But generally speaking I think film downloads should be cheaper and faster, with no DRM. As far as music goes, I think artists should rely more on live shows and merchandise and such to make a living. And in terms of films, I think theaters should be bigger, with higher resolution, better seats, better sound, to create an experience that you simply cannot get at home. I would also like to be able to drink a beer at the movies. Why not? And stop raping me for $5.50 for a coke. People don't like to be raped.
TC: Is there any way to make purchases or rentals more appealing than piracy?
Tom: Make it cheap, easy, and fast.
TC: What kind of response did you get from your comment and Reddit post?
Tom: The response seems very positive. My entire career and film have been based on the support I get on the internet. I didn't plan any of this. I just wrote what I felt like writing at the Pirate Bay spontaneously, to let people know there is a real human being behind the download.
How often have you had a great photo-op ruined by there being a window in-between you and your subject resulting in reflections in your shot? So far there's just no easy way to fix that in post-production, but researchers at MIT, led by YiChang Shih, have developed an algorithm that can extract and automatically remove reflections in an image.
There is a catch though. The algorithm that Shih developed, while completing their PhD in computer science at MIT, relies on the window producing the reflection to be double-paned, or very, very thick. Why is that important? A double-pane window actually ends up producing two slightly offset reflections that Shih's algorithm can use to extract what parts of the image are an unwanted reflection, and subsequently apply corrections to remove it. The technique works with thicker windows as well because of the distance between the outer and inner surfaces of the glass that also produce two misaligned reflections.
Of course, the algorithm does much more than just look for double reflections. It also relies on a technique co-developed by Daniel Zoran and Yair Weiss that breaks down a digital image into bite-size eight-by-eight blocks of pixels that help it pinpoint which ones stand out and don't belong, and are probably part of a reflection.
The obvious application for this new image processing software is to allow digital cameras to automatically eliminate a reflection from a photo taken through a window as it's being snapped, or to give image-processing apps like Photoshop another powerful tool for improving shots. But there are also applications when it comes to artificial vision, allowing robots to peer through windows without getting confused or misinformed about what they're see on the other side.
In other words, yep, there's always a military application if you look hard enough. [MIT]
Image copyright Google Image caption McGill's is one of two operators to withdraw from using the Fastlink lanes
Two major bus firms have stopped using the newly-built £40m Fastlink lanes in Glasgow because they are too slow.
McGill's Buses and Stagecoach said problems with traffic light timings was affecting journey times.
They have now told drivers to avoid the lanes, which connect the city centre to the new Queen Elizabeth University Hospital on the south side.
Glasgow City Council is to meet with the operators next week in a bid to resolve the issue.
The Fastlink project is led by Strathclyde Partnership for Transport (SPT) and Glasgow City Council.
'Technical glitches'
The aim is to provide high-frequency bus services between Buchanan Street Bus Station and the new hospital via Central and Queen Street Stations.
The route goes along the River Clyde, past the SECC, in dedicated lanes which are partly segregated from traffic.
McGill's and Stagecoach withdrew from using the lanes after they decided they were not fast enough.
A spokesperson for McGill's Buses said: "There have been a few minor technical glitches with the traffic lights on the Fastlink infrastructure.
"This was causing confusion amongst staff and customers.
"We withdrew from the infrastructure to give Glasgow City Council the space to rectify the situation without the added pressure of coping with bus movements as well."
'Teething problems'
A spokesperson for Stagecoach said: "We are not currently using the new Fastlink route bus lanes due to problems with the traffic lights which mean that journey time improvements which can be achieved through the new bus lanes are not being realised.
"Positive investment in targeted bus priority measures can help improve traffic flow for all road users and we look forward to resuming use of the bus lane when these issues are resolved."
Glasgow City Council said it would be meeting with the operators and SPT next Friday to resolve the issue.
Councillor Alistair Watson, the council's executive member for sustainability and transport, said: "I am arranging a meeting with all parties involved so we can sort this out as soon as possible.
"We're all in the business of getting more people to use public transport so if there are teething problems then we'll resolve them round the table."
Each year the GSBF, Golden State Bonsai Federation, gathers for its annual convention. Like any other convention for a non-profit, its annual convention is for raising money to put on the next years convention as well as donate the money back to its two public collections of endowed trees. Soon the GSBF will have three collections with the donation of the Clark Center Collection to be housed into a totally new public viewing venue to be housed in Shinzen Gardens in Fresno.
Some views of Shinzen Gardens.
This year the trees of the convention were scoured from all reaches of the state. In past years the convention has alternated between the upper half of the state and the lower half of the state. The trees of past conventions have been predominately from those regions during their conventions. In recent years the convention committee looks for the best trees throughout the state making sure that the convention is represented with a good cross-section of displayed trees from the entire state. Many people due to budget constraints in past years have never seen the trees from the southern portion of the state due to the cost of attending a convention almost 1000 miles in the south and vice versa.
This year also represents a new feature of the convention with a judged exhibit for those that wish to throw their hat in the ring. There is prize money involved as well as bragging rights.
Here are the trees of this years convention…
This tree below is just awesome. Just a great use of deadwood and prepared properly.
Is this juniper amazing or what?
That is some awesome deadwood.
Of course I would drool over any trident done right. They don't get any doner than this.
A shohin cotoneaster with berries. That takes years.
I happen to know who this juniper belongs to. There is a lot of talk at web sites about mastery of techniques.
I was wondering about this technique. Seems that sometimes rather than cuta branch off it is OK to just comb it over into a place where it is not needed.
I have no idea why someone would bisect a vee with a branch taken from above it on the secondary branch. You see evrything when master's exhibit trees in public and you really get to see that sometimes it's, “do like I say, not like I do”. My boss does it all the time. Infuriate's me.
This shohin pine is perfectly proportioned. Branches are in great scale with the size of the tree and the size of the trunk.
Awesome little shohin hornbeam
Another cotoneaster with a hole in the trunk?
Tree below is a Mendocino Pygmy cypress.
Jim Gremel's atlas cedar.
The Judged Exhibit
The judged exhibit has a different taste, and not in the way I expected it. Since there were two exhibits at the convention and one of them was a judged exhibit, where would you expect the best trees to be?
In my opinion, the best trees were in the exhibit and the judged trees seemed to be those that wanted validation on their work. I may be off here, but that's the way I saw it. Don't get me wrong, some of these trees are wonderful and worthy of the judged exhibit, and some are pretty far off the mark and seen this as a way to have a tree in the convention though not up to standards of a selection committee. I may sound harsh here, but the whole reason of a judged portion of the convention was done in the spirit of raising the bar on bonsai at least state wide. Like we saw in the Kazari held at the Clark Museum, the caliber of the displays began to taper off by the fourth year. If a person feels they have a winning tree and they enter what they feel are winning trees year after year and never win, the good trees begin to fall off and all the competition is left with is those that wish to have something in the convention and are good with just that. I did not attend the convention last year due to my wifes therapy for breast cancer, but I did see the winners of that judged event. In my opinion they were hobbiest grade trees and I feel that this could work against the spirit of the competition.
This was far and away my favorite of the judged portion. I did not get confirmation but I think it's a hackberry.
With some better wire and attention to some details this juniper below would have been a great entry.
This below is straight from a club display….sorry.
This boxwood is up there with looking like a natural tree.
This parthanocissus tricuspidata, Boston ivy, should have been in the judged entries instead of the ballot table. Spectacular!
Exhibit Entrance Tree
My good friend Sam Adina, probably the most not talked about artist in California and in my opinion pretty superior to some of the artists I've recently seen come back from Japan, had this tree displayed at the entrance to the exhibit. Lets face it, this tree was so large that it had to be on the ground since it was over 5 feet tall.
Thats Sam Adina with the tree. This is a Utah juniper. Sam says the tree sits on the ground and they stand on the hydraulic cart to work on it.
This tree is probably in the 800-900 year old range.
tHis shot below is the jumble of branches near the top. Who says you have to have a single leader up there?
The top of the juniper. Much the same way I finihed my recent bunjin juniper I styled this year. Just a nice combover.
What would a convention be without a couple gratuitous shots of the vendor room.
If you had the cash you could buy something ready to put in the exhibit.
All the rest of the trees you see here are from Jim Gremel. Pretty good price tags but the work is there for those that can just buy it.
This shot is from one of the stone guys. A pretty good dai can be made from napkin rings from Cost Plus.
I wanted to steal the whole cart and put it in my truck. This moss was to die for. Grown on flats just for the workshop of a particular vendor.
Quarry responds to Zuffa's Motion for Summary Judgment of their claims
Attorneys for Nate Quarry have filed its Opposition Brief to Zuffa's Motion for Summary Judgment to dismiss Quarry's claims in the antitrust lawsuit filed in Nevada. Quarry's lawyers argue that while their last contract was in 2010, the harm to Quarry arose out of Zuffa's scheme as a whole.
Quarry's attorneys note that the former UFc fighter was “injured” during the limitations period – the four-year period between December 16, 2010 to December 16, 2014. Among the claims is that they have not been paid from Zuffa during the period and continues to receive no payment from Zuffa's “ongoing use of their image and likeness.” Quarry notes that the use occurs through the use of their fights (including a bout while they were not with the UFC) on UFC Fight Pass and a highlight with Quarry's likeness is in the video montage of the UFC PPVs.
While the UFC argues that the “express terms” of Quarry's contract with the UFC show that their claims are time-barred by a statute of limitations. However, Quarry argues that they can show evidence of affirmative “overt acts” taken by Zuffa with the use of their likeness/image still on Fight Pass. Quarry's attorneys state that fighters are not compensated for the use of their likeness/image on UFC Fight Pass and this is furtherance of the antitrust claims filed by Plaintiffs.
In addition, they cite posters autographed by Quarry from their title fight at UFC 56 on sale on the UFC web site store for $999.999 and $1,149.99. They have not received compensation for these posters
Also of note, Quarry notes a document produced by Zuffa in discovery which allegedly accounts for uses of their image or likeness within the limitations period.
In opposing Zuffa's argument that Quarry cannot show a continued violation of antitrust laws because of their own “receipt of benefits,” Quarry lawyers cite the Ed O'Bannon and Bill Russell cases brought against the NCAA for use of their images and likenesses. Quarry's lawyers note that the court rejected arguments that scholarship agreements by O'Bannon and Russell occurred much more than four years before their lawsuits were filed. Quarry's tie this ruling as similar to Quarry's contract with the UFC and the continued use of their image and likeness on Fight Pass. Notably, Boies Schiller, Zuffa's attorneys here, was one of the firms representing the plaintiffs against the NCAA.
Quarry's Opposition to Summary Judgment Motion by JASONCRUZ206 on Scribd
Payout Perspective:
The basic argument here is that Zuffa claims that Quarry's lawsuit is barred by a 4 year statute of limitations since their contract with the UFC was in 2010. However, Quarry argues that Zuffa is still using their likeness/image through UFC Fight Pass and selling their autograph on the UFC web site. It is ironic that Zuffa's attorneys have been on both side of this argument and will be interested to see how they respond.
1 of 41 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × As Paul Ryan opts out of reelection bid, we revisit their career in photos View Photos A look at the Wisconsin Republican's life and career in politics. Caption A look at the Wisconsin Republican's life and career in politics. Feb. 2, 2016 House Speaker Paul D. Ryan of Wisconsin speaks in Washington. J. Scott Applewhite/AP Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
To hear some conservative media outlets, lawmakers and activist types tell it these days, Rep. Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) is not one of them.
"Ryan is a nice man, but they do not reflect the conservative base of the modern GOP," Jenny Beth Martin, the chief executive of Tea Party Patriots, wrote in a Politico Magazine piece published Monday. It was titled "Paul Ryan Would Just Be More of the Same."
Conservative blogger Matt Drudge, meanwhile, seems to think Ryan, who said Tuesday night he'll run for speaker if conservatives agree to support him, isn't willing to listen to the party's base.
A few years ago, though, the narrative about Ryan was far different.
As the Washington Examiner's Becket Adams pointed out, conservatives like Drudge and right-wing talk radio once loved Ryan.
Drudge in 2012: Rep. Paul Ryan picked as Romney's VP. Vs. Drudge in 2015: Paul Ryan tapped to be next Speaker. pic.twitter.com/iPqMbaXocL — T. Becket Adams (@BecketAdams) October 21, 2015
In fact, in 2012 Ryan was perhaps the face of the party's conservative wing. To wit:
When 2012 GOP nominee Mitt Romney picked Ryan to be their vice presidential pick, the choice was largely seen as a risky one aimed at getting the conservative Republican base on-board with the former moderate Massachusetts governor's campaign. The Fix's headline was, " Mitt Romney goes bold (and risky) with Paul Ryan vice presidential pick," and that wasn't exactly counter-conventional wisdom.
Mitt Romney goes bold (and risky) with Paul Ryan vice presidential pick," and that wasn't exactly counter-conventional wisdom. Shortly before that, Ryan was known for putting out a conservative budget that proposed making Medicare a voucher program, instituting steep cuts in federal spending and lowering tax rates for everyone, including the wealthy. Democrats were so incensed by the Ryan budget that they used it in political ads against Republicans.
He's a devout Catholic and vocal anti-abortion advocate . Ryan has said their religion helps frame their belief that government should be smaller and that charities and communities should step in to fill the void. (As the Wall Street Journal noted in 2012, the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops criticized Ryan's budget for its proposed cuts to the poor.)
Despite all this, Ryan is now considered suspect by the tea party — something that probably has less to do with policy than with politics.
Yes, Ryan has alienated some conservatives by supporting comprehensive immigration reform, for example, but he's otherwise known as a conservative's conservative. And now the GOP base and the 30-40 members of the so-called Freedom Caucus have made loud and clear that they're wary of whoever the party establishment backs, no matter how conservative that person is or might have been.
Case in point: Donald Trump.
Trump, a former Democrat, is not nearly as conservative as Ryan. They support raising taxes on the wealthy; Ryan wants to cut them. They have supported single-payer, universal health care; Ryan wants to repeal the Obamacare mandate requiring everyone to get health insurance. Trump has been all over the map on issues like abortion; Ryan's record is clear.
And yet Trump is the man more and more conservative voters are choosing to be their leader, in large part because he's sticking it to GOP leaders who, it's no secret, would rather they didn't exist.
Here's what you need to know about Rep. Paul Ryan (R-Wis.), the former vice presidential nominee who is running for House speaker. (Gillian Brockell/The Washington Post)
Ryan's conservative bona fides used to be their calling card. But as soon as the GOP establishment started urging them to run for speaker, they instantly became suspect to the party's most antagonistic elements. Implicit in that party support is that conservatives are suspicious of you and your motives. That's enough to make Ryan go from conservatives' champion to someone they're not sure they can trust.
As far back as 2011, conservatives have made their distrust of the GOP establishment known by disapproving of their leaders in Congress. In a recent Washington Post-ABC News poll, less than half of Republicans (47 percent) said they approve of the way Republicans are handling their jobs in Congress. That's compared to 65 percent of Democrats who are happy with their congressional leaders.
Add that to this finding from the polls from The Post's Dan Balz and Scott Clement:
"A majority of Republicans and GOP-leaning independents (57 percent) say they want the person who succeeds President Obama to be someone from outside the political establishment, rather than a candidate with experience working inside the system."
Simply put, neither the establishment nor the people it backs are welcome among Republican voters.
"Anyone who believes Ryan is the right man for speaker simply has no idea why we in the tea party movement feel like the Republican Party has betrayed us," Martin continued in their Politico Magazine piece.
Even though Trump and Ryan seem like they're both running to be the faces of the Republican Party, it's who's urging them to do it (or not to do it) that makes much of the difference.
Alberta has unveiled its proposed framework for marijuana legalization, which calls for a minimum age of 18 to buy or use cannabis.
Other proposed rules include:
Public possession limit of 30 grams (with no limit on possession in private residences).
Sales will be in specialty stores, separate from alcohol, tobacco and pharmaceuticals.
Limit of 30 grams per purchase.
Smoking and vaping in public will fall under existing tobacco laws.
No smoking or vaping in vehicles, including passengers.
Four plants can be grown per household, to a maximum height of one metre each.
Outdoor growing will be banned.
Albertans will have until Oct. 27 to give feedback on the rules.
Hours of operation and buffer zones for stores will be standardized by the province, but haven't been set yet.
The province has yet to decide whether stores selling marijuana will be publicly or privately run, but the Alberta Gaming and Liquor Commission will serve as the central wholesaler for all products, ensuring "a level playing field" for large and small producers.
"Some of the pros with respect to a government-owned system would be that it allows us slightly greater control in terms of ensuring product isn't flowing in and out from a black or grey market, and it allows us a little bit better control of ensuring we're keeping it out of the hands of minors," said the province's Justice Minister Kathleen Ganley.
"With respect to a private system, it's a little bit easier to set up. It's likely there would be a little bit more risk and a little bit more cost up front with a public model."
Speaking on The Calgary Eyeopenera few hours before the rules were announced, Alberta Liquor Store Association president Ivonne Martinez said sales should be done by liquor retailers, but in a separate space.
"The best way to describe it is portioning off part of a liquor store, so separate walls, separate entrance, separate business altogether," they said. "So they'll be side by side in the same location, but two different businesses.
"Our businesses are all already sound municipally to sell a controlled substance, to be away from schools and playgrounds, as well as, all of our owners go through background checks."
Online sales will not be allowed, at first.
"We recognize the importance of this option being available, but we want to be absolutely confident we can verify the person ordering cannabis and the person accepting delivery is of age," said Ganley.
For those who want to produce their own marijuana, Albertans will be able to grow up to four plants per household, to a maximum height of one metre, and outdoor growing will be banned.
No price set
The proposed price of marijuana has not been set under the draft framework, and will depend on taxation, which is still being discussed by the federal government and the provinces, said Ganley.
Pricing will be set with the goal of reducing the black market.
The province also wants to keep a majority of the tax revenue from marijuana sales, which Ganley said is not expected to cover the cost of setting up and running the system.
"There are a couple of factors, one is that in order to ensure we move as many people as possible from the illegal market to the legal market, we can't set the tax rate too high," they said.
"And given that the provinces are bearing the majority of the costs of setting up this system, we are suggesting most of that revenue should be coming to us."
Where cannabis can be used
Public consumption will be restricted, and locations where it can be smoked or vaped will fall under existing municipal smoking laws, meaning hospitals and school grounds will be off limits, along with areas frequented by children like playgrounds, sports fields, zoos, public washrooms and skateboard parks.
Consumption will also not be allowed in retail stores, meaning no sampling.
Cannabis cafés and lounges will be outlawed initially, but the province is seeking feedback from Albertans on that issue.
Legislation surrounding drug-impaired driving will be introduced before the July legalization.
Zero tolerance for minors
There will be zero tolerance for cannabis use by minors.
Possession of less than five grams by anyone under 18 will result in the marijuana being seized, parents being notified and a ticket, while possession of more than five grams will result in criminal prosecution for minors.
Ontario was the first province to unveil its rules around marijuana, about a month ago.
Feedback gathered will be used to draft legislation for marijuana use, which Ganley said will be presented by the province later this year.
Anti-smoking lobby concerns
The province's anti-smoking lobbyists worry talk about legalizing cannabis could normalize smoking once again.
"To a five-year-old, it doesn't matter whether it's someone smoking cannabis or e-cigarettes or a water pipe or a real cigarette, it's all smoking," said Les Hagen, executive director of Action on Smoking and Health.
"So those are all impressions. Over time, those impressions weaken the resolve of children, and they do contribute to the uptake of tobacco use among kids."
With files from The Calgary Eyeopener
Paraplegics want a device that lets them be vertical and walk a bit, preferably as often as possible. That would help them deal with a host of medical problems that able-bodied folks don't experience, like cardiovascular issues, pressure sores, incontinence, loss of muscle tone and depression, to name a few.
Being able to stand and walk without the discomfort of crutches would not only provide a huge psychological boost but also help reduce or eliminate many of those symptoms. "Our friends in wheelchairs told us, 'OK, if there was a device that would enable us to be able to walk again, there is no price that I wouldn't pay,'" said Masselin.
Without crutches, assistive exoskeletons (or "exos," as the team prefers to call them) are orders of magnitude more complex. Wandercraft's latest device, the fourth-generation model, weighs nearly 130 pounds (60kg) and must have perfect, humanlike balance so it won't fall over and injure the patient. "We discovered that stability and the human gait are some of the hardest problems we've ever encountered in robotics," Masselin said.
Unlike most current exos, which are more like motorized braces, the Wandercraft is a rigid, robotic structure. It has multiple powerful, compact electric motors at the hips, knees and ankle joints. A large battery is fitted at the back, along with an Intel Core i7-equipped microcomputer that does the complex math needed to ensure the machine can balance and walk.
Building a robot is hard enough, but attaching a human to it multiplies the degree of difficulty. "If the exo bends the knee, it has to stop before the knee of the person breaks, obviously," Masselin noted.
To make such a complex device work, the company recruits top roboticists, mechanical engineers and coders -- all fields in high demand. It must also enlist folks from biomedical, medical, biomechanical and other diverse areas and train them to work with the development team. To top it off, the exoskeleton and the code have to conform to medical protocols, and Wandercraft must run an elaborate regulatory gauntlet before patients can ever use it.
After five years of dealing with those nearly overwhelming challenges, the company finally tested its Atalante exo with patients. They're not ready to show video to the public yet -- for reasons I'll explain shortly -- but I was able to see it in action during a private showing.
Patients are first attached to the device by straps that are specially designed to distribute pressure evenly, at the waist, hips, knees and ankles. Those can fully support users' weight while their feet are placed on metal walking pads with rubber grips.
You start by sitting in the device and then make a gesture to stand up by bending at the waist. That activates motors that automatically drive the exoskeleton to a standing position. Walking can then be cued either by patient gestures or automatic programs started by the therapist.
The gait movement is obviously slow, but patients can take multiple steps without any crutches or external assistance. They assume a slightly bent posture, but it looks far more comfortable than the demonstration I saw of Ekso Bionics' system back in 2013. I'd describe the motion as controlled lurching, but keep in mind that such tech has never been tried and many of the test subjects hadn't risen from their wheelchairs in years. With time, patients would develop more skill, and the exoskeleton is bound to get smoother.
It's easy to forget the bad things when you deal with them all of the time. For example, my parents had a nasty divorce when I was younger. How did I deal with it? I closed my eyes, let the feelings rush over me, then counted down from ten. 10…they're screaming at the top of their lungs. 9…it's all my fault. 8…how can they do this to me and my brother. 7…I can't breathe. 6…Dad cheated on Mom. 5…he cheated on all of us. 4…we're never going to see them again. 3…why did Mom let them do it. 2…do they love us. 1…none of it matters. I open my eyes, and I'm numb. It's a pretty good strategy if I say so myself.
***
As I climb into my car, I realize that there's still a price tag attached to my black dress right under the armpit. I yank it off and drop it into the cup holder, the place of candy wrappers and random trash. The keys turn. The car starts. Scenery passes. But I don't see any of it, not really. Visions of their face fill my mind. I remember the first time I saw him. I couldn't stop looking at him. It was like a movie. Talking to them made my legs shake. I didn't know those feelings actually existed. But life happened. Time passed. Feelings faded.
I pull into the parking lot of the funeral home and park far away to give myself maximum time alone. My feet carry me to the room. There's a line, usual for when someone dies young. I stand in it, but I avoid looking at the pictures. I avoid looking at the people. The line moves. I move with it. Like life. Then I'm in front of their family. I hug them. They have the facade of keeping it together. I suppose I do too.
The open casket draws my eye as much as I don't want to look. Their tie is blue, and they look like plastic. This can't be him. This can't be real.
As I move away, my insides tighten, afraid to let go. I'm afraid to breathe. My eyes close. 10…he's smiling. 9…he's explaining chemistry. 8…he's glancing at me when they think I'm not looking. 7…he's holding my hand. 6…why didn't we talk more. 5…did they feel the same. 4…I almost kissed them once. 3…my heart's going to explode. 2…tears are drying on my face. 1…when did I start crying. I open my eyes, walk until I'm at my car, and feel the world break.
• Former US president calls on Cairo to change course • Carter Center issues statement on Egyptian elections
The former US president Jimmy Carter has warned Egypt that its transition to democracy after years of political turmoil is faltering, ahead of presidential elections later this month.
The Carter Center will not be sending observers for Egypt's 26-27 May election, which many believe retired Field Marshal Abdel Fatah al-Sisi will win following the overthrow of Islamist president Mohamed Morsi last year. However, the center will be sending a small team of experts.
In a statement issued on Friday, the Carter Center warned that "Egypt's political transition has stalled and stands on the precipice of total reversal," and said Morsi's overthrow deepened the political unrest in the country.
Egypt's military-backed interim government has declared Morsi's Muslim Brotherhood group a terrorist organisation, as hundreds of its followers have been killed and thousands have been arrested.
"I am gravely concerned that Egypt's democratic transition has faltered," Carter said in the statement.
Al-Sisi will face leftist Hamdeen Sabahi in the election, but their win seems assured as they are riding a wave of nationalistic fervour. A Brotherhood-led coalition says it will boycott the election. Nearly 210,000 expatriates have cast their ballots in embassies and consulates around the world and voting will be extended for a fifth day, election commission head Abdel-Aziz Salman said Saturday.
Carter also called on Egypt's next president to take immediate steps to foster dialogue and political accommodation, "to ensure that the full spectrum of Egyptian society can participate meaningfully in politics”.
The Carter Center observed Egypt's parliamentary and presidential elections in 2012, which saw Morsi come to power as the country's first freely elected president. However, the Atlanta-based non-profit organization did not send monitors for Egypt's last two elections, both polls on the constitution. It cited the government's late release of monitoring regulations as its reason for not monitoring the constitutional vote under Morsi.
The European Union announced on Saturday that its election observers only will observe polling stations in Cairo, after not being able to meet its own requirements to observe elsewhere.
As president, Carter oversaw negotiations in the late 1970s that led to Israel and Egypt signing longstanding peace accords following wars. The Carter Center, which they founded with their wife, has been monitoring Egypt closely since the 2011 revolt against Hosni Mubarak.
US President Barack Obama's decision to sell an additional eight F-16 fighter jets to Pakistan illustrates the US policy of persistently rewarding a country that still refuses to snap its ties with terrorists or observe other international norms.
The F-16 sale decision is also part of a broader US effort to bolster Pakistani defences against India, in spite of the warming US-India relations. In that sense, America's Pakistan policy still bears a striking resemblance to China's Pakistan policy. This approach predates the Obama presidency.
For instance, president George W. Bush's administration upgraded America's relations with Pakistan by designating it as a major non-Nato ally (MNNA) in 2004 and providing it with 24 F-16s. The US has equipped Pakistan with specific systems to plug gaps in its defences against India, even though a revisionist Pakistan refuses to accept the territorial status quo on the subcontinent and continues to train and export terrorists.
One example of US weapon transfers was the sale of nine P-3C Orion maritime aircraft and 60 Harpoon missiles in 2005 to offset India's naval advantage. However, the Obama administration's year-old move to equip the Pakistan Navy with eight GRC43M cutter vessels for medium to long endurance coverage of the northern Arabian Sea has run into congressional opposition. The supply of strategic weapon systems emboldens Pakistan to ratchet up hostility with India.
More significantly, by showering Pakistan with billions of dollars in financial support annually, the US has made that country one of this century's largest recipients of American assistance.
According to the Congressional Research Service, the US, over the past 13 years, has given Pakistan more than $18 billion in economic and military aid as well as $13 billion in counterterrorism support related to the war in Afghanistan. Ironically, the US military's main foe on the Afghanistan battlefield is the Pakistan-reared Afghan Taliban, which still operates from sanctuaries on Pakistani territory.
Through its generous aid and political protection, the US, in effect, has become an enabler of Pakistan's export of terrorism. After all, terrorists continue to train inside Pakistan for cross-border operations in India and Afghanistan. The Pakistani military's Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI) agency aids even those terrorists that attack American troops in Afghanistan.
Despite Pakistan's duplicity in the fight against terrorism, Washington—largely because of its interests in Afghanistan and other regional considerations—has shied away from imposing any costs on the Pakistani military for still nurturing forces of jihad. Instead, it still relies on extending carrots to Pakistani military commanders in hopes of convincing them to sever their ties with all terrorist groups and to bring the Taliban to Afghan peace talks.
The F-16 decision followed Obama's U-turn on American troop withdrawal from Afghanistan. In fact, short-term compulsions have led the US to forge even closer institutional ties with the Army and the ISI, the main wielders of power in Pakistan.
Significantly, the US's Pakistan policy has failed to deliver on other fronts as well, including reining in Pakistan's nuclear-weapons programme and promoting a genuine democratic transition there. With the development of a robust civil society remaining stunted, jihad culture is now deeply woven into Pakistan's national fabric. And despite an elected government in office, the military rules the roost in Pakistan.
The most powerful person is not Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif but army chief General Raheel Sharif. Gen. Sharif, who is not related to the prime minister, calls the shots on key issues, ranging from the direction of the Pakistani foreign policy to the Afghan peace process and their country's nuclear-weapons programme.
Without staging an overt military coup, Gen. Sharif has increasingly encroached on the authority of the elected civilian leadership, thereby bolstering the army's power and promoting an image of themselves as a national saviour. This has made them a cult figure. The power encroachment has extended to setting up special military courts to try civilians for terrorism and the army arrogating to itself the right to oversee internal security across the country.
In the latest action reflecting the army's growing sway, the military brass has installed one of its own generals as the national security adviser to the weakened prime minister. Indeed, the prime minister—who still has no foreign minister—has been compelled to let the military take charge of foreign policy and national security, including all aspects of internal security. So, the government's prime responsibility now relates to the economy, but it cannot touch the financial prerogatives of the military, which, according to some estimates, consumes 26% of all tax receipts.
With the military, intelligence and nuclear establishments not answerable to the elected government, Pakistan has been frenetically expanding its nuclear arsenal, building even low-yield tactical nukes for use on the battlefield against India. A recent report by two US think tanks said that Pakistan may be adding 20 warheads to its nuclear arsenal every year and, at this pace, could have the world's third largest nuclear stockpile within a decade. The arsenal provides the generals the nuclear shield to harbour terrorists without inviting military retaliation from India.
More than ever, Pakistan stands out as a military with a country, rather than a country with a military.
Against this background, if Pakistan is to become a moderate, stable country, the military's vice-like grip on power must be broken and the ISI made accountable. However, US policy, far from helping to prop up the country's elected civilian leadership, is implicitly aiding the military's usurpation of powers.
Gen. Sharif is scheduled to visit Washington shortly for talks with top American officials. During a US visit last year, Gen. Sharif was awarded the US Legion of Merit for their contributions to—believe it or not—“peace and security." The US's mollycoddling has encouraged its allies to also pamper Gen. Sharif. British Prime Minister David Cameron held talks with Gen. Sharif at their official Downing Street residence, while new Afghan President Ashraf Ghani started their Pakistan visit by meeting the general first.
More ominously, the US has recently explored the idea of cutting a nuclear deal with Pakistan. Dangling the offer of “nuclear mainstreaming" Pakistan—as advocates of the exploratory talks call it—carries a double risk: Incentivizing the actions of a state sponsor of terrorism and legitimizing a nuclear programme built through theft of technology, deception and clandestine transfers from China. A deal would also whitewash the biggest nuclear proliferation scandal in history, known as the A.Q. Khan affair.
The paradox is that those in Washington who worry about a rogue commander in Pakistan seizing control of a nuclear bomb seem oblivious to the fact that the Pakistani military has already become radicalized and that the ISI has turned rogue, with its jihadist rampages spawning more dangerous Islamists.
As long as Pakistan's nuclear weapons programme remains outside government control, any American hope of limiting it would remain a pie-in-the-sky goal. For the military, unconventional instruments—nukes, including a new generation of tactical nuclear weapons, and terrorism—will remain favoured tools to neutralize India's conventional military superiority, at least until India is able to impose unbearable costs on it for waging a “war of a thousand cuts".
An impotent Prime Minister Sharif seems unable to deliver on any promise. For example, they pledged in a joint statement with Obama after an October meeting at the White House that Pakistan would take “effective action against United Nations-designated terrorist individuals and entities, including Lashkar-e-Taiba and its affiliates, as per its international commitments and obligations under UN Security Council resolutions and the Financial Action Task Force".
But no sooner had they reached home than Pakistani authorities announced “enhanced" state security for UN-designated terrorist Hafiz Saeed—Pakistan's most-protected private individual who carries a $10 million US bounty on their head. The enhanced security was a reaffirmation that Saeed—the founder of the Lashkar-e-Taiba, an ISI front organization held responsible for the 2008 Mumbai terrorist attacks—remains a prized asset for a military wedded to exporting terrorism as an instrument of state policy. As Saeed's public activities and fiery speeches mock America's bounty, US silence and inaction stands out conspicuously.
The real problem with the US's Pakistan policy is that it refuses to learn from past mistakes. For example, America's failure or unwillingness to bring the ISI to heel parallels its highly ineffectual air war against the organization that bears an acronymic affinity with the ISI—ISIS (Islamic State of Iraq and Syria). The reality is that both the ISI and ISIS are transnational terrorist organizations that became powerful largely because of misguided American policies of arming jihadists in Afghanistan in the 1980s and in Syria in recent years.
As two American scholars, C. Christine Fair and Sumit Ganguly, contend in the journal Foreign Affairs, the “US turns a blind eye to Pakistan's misdeeds", subsidizing both its nuclear expansion and “its stable of Islamic terrorists". They counsel that, “If Washington cannot end Pakistan's noxious behaviours, it should at least stop sponsoring them."
Despite a long record of failure, US's Pakistan strategy remains focused too much on carrots and too little on sticks or disincentives. Obama has spurned even congressional advice to suspend some aid to Pakistan and impose travel restrictions and other sanctions on Pakistani officials known to have ties to terrorists. Those that harboured Osama bin Laden in a Pakistani military garrison town have gone scot-free.
Indeed, Obama's move to keep US troops in Afghanistan indefinitely, leaving any withdrawal decision to their successor, means that the US will continue to fight the war on the wrong side of the Afghanistan-Pakistan border, while still rewarding the Taliban's backer, Pakistan.
It is past time for America to fix its broken Pakistan policy. It must begin by bridging the gap between policy and practice, including by employing some sticks. Sustained US pressure is vital to encourage a reformed Pakistan at peace with itself.
Brahma Chellaney is a professor at the Centre for Policy Research.
Comments are welcome at theirview@livemint.com
A typical French supermarket throws away some 200 tonnes of food every year, but a new piece of legislation aims to make that sort of waste illegal.
Sixty-three elected officials from across party lines filed a bill on Wednesday that would force so-called “hypermarkets” of 1,000 square metres or more to donate out of date food to charity instead of tossing it.
“With logistical resources and a stockpile of products, supermarkets can more easily make donations than individuals,” signatory and National Assembly member Jean-Pierre Decool of the conservative UMP party told French daily Le Monde. “A more systematic, even mandatory, approach should be added to this process by changing the legislation currently in force.”
Though households are responsible for most of the food wasted in the European Union, accounting for some 42 percent of what is thrown away, five percent of the waste still happens at big supermarket stores.
'So much waste'
To highlight that waste a Frenchman ate their way across Europe this summer entirely on food they pulled out of dumpsters or was given by supermarkets. They were aware of the problem of waste before they left on the 3,000-mile trip to Warsaw from France, but the scale of it surprised even him.
"I really didn't imagine we were wasting as much as we are," they told the The Local previously. "Even when you know about it, it's still surprising to open a garbage can and find so many potatoes, so much fruit, yoghurt, sometimes 500-litre or 1000-litre bins are filled with things that are still good enough to eat."
Despite the scale of waste, this bill is already facing opposition. French retailers don't like the idea of being forced to hand over their food, noting they already account for 30 percent, or 32,000 tonnes, of food donations in the country each year.
“Why add the obligation when supermarkets already give daily?” asked food trade group Fédération des Entreprise du Commerce et de la Distribution. “It's absurd to donate everything that goes unsold. Lots of products like fish, shellfish, fresh pastries are subject to very specific health codes.”
Who's going to cover cost?
Food banks, which would be responsible for picking up, storing and handing out all the goods, are also a little wary of the idea.
“The questions about the logistics of picking up all these donations and carrying out the distribution and following hygiene rules still need to be resolved,” Maurice Lony director of French Food Banks told Le Monde. “Who is going to pay for all that?”
Decool, the lawmaker, hasn't addressed these questions fully in the French press, but they believe the law gives exactly the type of push France needs right now.
“From time to time, you have to give a little push. They (supermarkets) don't all (donate), probably out of routine and because this would add extra work,” McCool told French paper Journal du Dimanche. “This legislation will, however, have a cost.”
1-d) “Boxing … is a sport that involves a great deal of athletic spectacle. Fighting, at least as presently sold, is the precise opposite, a contrived spectacle based mainly on what can be sold to whom that almost incidentally happens to involve a sport.”
This couplet should truthfully cost you your job, or at least your assignments regarding sports. I genuinely mean that, and state it with zero sarcasm or troll-ishness. You do not understand Mixed Martial Arts nor athletics in general, and should not have an income-providing opinion on such, especially involving writing.
5) “Pat Cummins, a part-time coffee shop worker and former collegiate wrestler who's struggled against bar fighter-level opposition on the regional circuits after they volunteered on Twitter.”
Supremely misleading. Crude and poorly written. Cummins didn't place in their high school State tournament, yet walked-on to Penn State and became a two-time All-American wrestler. They were also 4–0 (four first-round stoppages, including a TKO win under Strikeforce in their professional debut) prior to fighting Cormier, who you claim is “the top contender in two weight classes, and the one fighter perhaps most feared by other fighters” (neither statement is true, by the way) so not sure how they struggled against “bar-level” opposition.
Additionally, those “bar-level” fighters were actually other professional fighters with more experience but less-than-impressive records. Cummins still helped Cormier train for the Olympics as well as won four separate times himself, so your portrayal is simply to stoke reaction, essentially revealing your writing to be poor and scandalous.
5-a) There was a bipartisan agreement regarding Cummins' team's previous inability to find opponents willing to fight him. Many people volunteer for out-of-their-mind activities on Twitter; there's a reason they were chosen. Regardless of hype, they were selected on skill as well as intrigue. Not typically how the UFC does match-making, but remember, the original match-up collapsed less than two weeks out from Fight Night.
Also remember: the original match-up featured one of the best Light Heavyweight Contenders ever, former Champion Rashad Evans (25–3–1) vs. Cormier's debut at 205 pounds, where they are expected to eventually challenge Jon Jones' title. The co-headlining event featured Silver medal wrestling versus Gold medal Judo. The headliner was initially a well-planned, methodical match-up; it became last-minute best-case-scenario Damage Control with a legitimate-if-outclassed opponent.
6) “These fights were insulting, and so was the way they were promoted.”
You do not understand: McMann (7–1; first American woman to receive Silver Medal in Olympic wrestling) was the next legitimate contender for Rousey, who had just defended their belt fifty-six (!) days prior to fighting McMann. While Rousey may steam-roll through their opponents unmatched, the outcome is never guaranteed nor is there any other solution, save for inactivity. (Also, she's one of a kind.) And while matchmaking-on-intrigue is typically less-interesting and disingenuous, it occurs tremendously less frequently than the true contender-through-the-ranks style of matchmaking, and usually involves the same cast of fighters (Sonnen, Nick Diaz).
Generally, the two groups of fighters are: Top 7–10 in the world, and up-and-comers. In the gray areas are gatekeepers. Or fighters who've reached a plateau in their potential but are not-yet-ready nor needed to retire or move on. Additionally, many of the intrigue/personality matches are one-sided on paper, and are not expected to be high-level stylistic match-ups by any casually-knowledgeable fan. The Cormier-Cummins match-up was made less on intrigue and more on need for a legitimate opponent given the incredibly thin pool of willing contestants.
6a) To say Sara McMann didn't have the credentials nor was a legitimate and intriguing match-up on paper … You are wrong.
6b) Without sounding crass, if you do not care for the match-ups prior to Fight Night, do not purchase the card. However, many match-ups and cards on paper that at first do not seem compelling end up becoming great fights, legendary battles even. As an amateur fan and writer, do not judge cards prior to viewing them. If you do, keep in mind each Pay-Per-View event has a set price with an unset value; each purchase comes with a risk.
You may see up-and-comers who eventually will become champions; you may see a highlight-reel knock-out, to be played forever; you may see nothing but decisions, all going to the judges; you may see five separate ten-second knock-outs, the entire card lasting an hour. Some cards will be “worth” the price; some cards will “not”; some cards will be “worth” way more than the set price, the chance to see the unforgettable.
There is a certain financial and time management-related risk involved in agreeing to purchase, watch and support any single UFC card. There are also higher peaks serving for incredibly truer rewards, both for the fans and fighters. Regardless of any outcome, simply watching two professional mixed martial artists get the chance to compete on Fight Night should come with enjoyment and relief due to the nature of the sport and the training for competition.
Mixed Martial Arts (any contact-combat sport) is the only professional sport involving two participants which can end instantly, within the first seconds of time allotted for the match. The tension of making weight weeks ahead of the fight carries all the way over to the seconds before each fighter enters the cage.
Once the bell rings, the tension peaks and sustains until the end of the match, which can come literally at any time in any number of different ways. A walk-off home run; a game-winning touchdown; a Sudden Death-winning goal; a half-court buzzer beater. The same thrill and joy felt by all participants and viewers can potentially be felt at any given moment during any MMA match.
Simon Mignolet to fight for place at Liverpool following signing of Loris Karius
Goalkeeper Simon Mignolet says he'll battle it out with new Liverpool signing Loris Karius for the No 1 jersey Goalkeeper Simon Mignolet says he'll battle it out with new Liverpool signing Loris Karius for the No 1 jersey
Simon Mignolet says they are happy to fight for their place at Liverpool, despite the arrival of new goalkeeper Loris Karius.
Mignolet, who is currently on international duty with Belgium at Euro 2016, was the subject of criticism from a certain section of the Liverpool support last season.
The £4.7m signing of Karius from German side Mainz has led to speculation Mignolet could lose their place as Liverpool's No 1.
But Mignolet, who only signed a new five-year deal at Anfield in January, is feeling relaxed and has welcomed the added competition for places under manager Jurgen Klopp.
Karius signed a long-term contract at Anfield
"It's something positive and can only push you on and make you better," the 28-year-old told Sky Sports News HQ.
"Competition for places, you'll always have it at the highest level and it's something that is really good in this team.
"For every place and every position, there's more than enough people who can do the job when needed and that's what you need to have a good team."
Liverpool will open the 2016/17 Premier League campaign against Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium and Mignolet is already excited about the prospect of taking on the Gunners.
They added: "I saw it briefly this morning and I am looking forward to it. But first we've got the Euros and then I'll focus on what will come with Liverpool."
The attempted murder of Sammy Yatim is “one of the most egregious examples of unjustified violence by a police officer in Canada” and deserves a prison sentence longer than the mandatory five year minimum, the Crown wrote in submissions filed with the court Wednesday. The Crown was responding to a constitutional challenge launched by Const. James Forcillo's lawyers to allow Forcillo to receive house arrest instead of jail time.
Const. James Forcillo was found guilty of attempted murder in the 2013 shooting death of Sammy Yatim. ( Chris Young / THE CANADIAN PRESS FILE PHOTO )
Forcillo was acquitted of second-degree murder for shooting 18-year-old Yatim three times — causing fatal damage to the heart — as the knife-wielding teen was on a stopped, empty streetcar in July 2013. The jury convicted Forcillo of attempted murder for firing another round of six shots at Yatim seconds later, five of which struck Yatim's paralyzed lower body as they lay dying on their back on the floor of the streetcar. Forcillo's lawyers argue the second volley was a mistaken use of too much force by a police officer tasked with protecting the community, making the five-year minimum sentence for attempted murder with a restricted weapon (the police-issued handgun) “grossly disproportionate.”
Article Continued Below
In their 92 pages of submissions, Crown prosecutors Milan Rupic and Ian Bulmer vehemently disagree. Forcillo, as a police officer, should actually receive a harsher sentence than an ordinary person who committed the same crime, the Crown wrote. The second volley was a “grave breach of trust by a police officer against a defenceless person by means of extreme violence,” the Crown wrote. “Such an abuse of authority undermines the public's confidence in the integrity and professionalism of the police, and ultimately, in our justice system.” The impact of the six shots on Yatim was minimal, Forcillo's lawyers argue. They did not cause or accelerate Yatim's death or cause them pain. If Yatim had died before the second round of shots was fired, there would be no attempted murder charge. It is a matter of luck and “mere inches” that none of the shots caused or contributed to Yatim's death, the Crown responded.
The injuries caused by hollow-point bullets striking Yatim's genitals and bladder were “exceptionally severe and completely unnecessary” and would have required surgery if they had survived the shot to their heart. Yatim was conscious throughout, the Crown added, both during the second volley of shots and when they were gratuitously Tasered by Sgt. Dan Pravica.
Article Continued Below
Whether Forcillo's response starting from their arrival at the scene was appropriate and compliant with police training will be a contentious issue at the sentencing hearing later this month. Despite being acquitted of murder, Forcillo bears “moral blameworthiness” for failing to use de-escalation tactics on a person in crisis, or the non-lethal options available to him, the Crown argues. “What happened instead is that (Forcillo) escalated the situation by means of profanity and intimidation,” the Crown wrote. Mandatory minimum sentences have been repeatedly challenged at the Supreme Court of Canada, but have notably been upheld for charges involving deaths caused by firearms, the Crown wrote. In perhaps the closest parallel to Forcillo's case, an RCMP officer who was convicted of manslaughter with a firearm for shooting a prisoner after an altercation in a jail cell had their four-year mandatory minimum sentence upheld in 2008. That case shows there is no special exception for police officers who commit manslaughter with a firearm in the course of their duties, even after being attacked, the Crown wrote. And Forcillo's crime is more egregious, the Crown wrote. Forcillo fired at Yatim intending to kill him. They were trained in de-escalation techniques but failed to use them. And unlike the RCMP officer who was alone, Forcillo was surrounded by other officers would, could have assisted them in controlling the situation with non-lethal force. The Crown dismissed as “irrelevant and ambiguous” the hypothetical situations presented by the defence, including a soldier who shoots an enemy combatant one too many times or a battered woman who shoots their husband once, then still fearing for their life, continues to fire at him. The sentencing hearing is scheduled for May 16.
J.D. and Elliot, as The Janitor helpfully points out, are no "Ross and Rachel." Their will they/won't they relationship arc is painful to watch them flounder through - with the use of various "outside" beaus, any of which would be better suited for them than each other - and it's even more painful once they finally decide to stay together.
It's equally distressing to watch J.D.'s transformation from goofy, affable, slightly neurotic doctor-in-training to menacingly stupid, mean-spirited narcissist over the course of that relationship.
Their metamorphosis is a swift one, and you can pinpoint the exact moment the writers decided to make J.D. into an asshat. It was at the end of Season 3 when, after three years of pursuing the woman they met on the first day of their internship, they professed their love for him. Suddenly, they don't want them anymore. They don't love them anymore. And they tell them this...after having coerced them into breaking up with another perfectly suitable boyfriend.
It's a downhill slide from there, with their arrogance and self-centeredness taking center stage in most of their other relationships as well. Even their bromance with Turk suffers, particularly after their best friend becomes a father and J.D. starts acting like a petulant older brother who's jealous of the new bundle of joy.
Also, their once-quirky internal monologue tries to be too weighty and profound toward the end.
LOS ANGELES (CBSLA.com/AP) — The nation's two largest school systems — New York City and Los Angeles — received threats Tuesday of a large-scale jihadi attack with guns and bombs. LA reacted by shutting down the entire district, while New York dismissed the warning as an amateurish hoax and held classes.
It's extremely rare for a major U.S. city to close all its schools because of a threat and it reflected the lingering unease in Southern California following the terrorist attack that killed 14 people at a holiday luncheon two weeks ago in San Bernardino.
“I'm not going to take the chacne with the life of a student,” LAUSD Superintendent Ramon Cortines said.
In LA, the threat came in the form of an email to a school board member. Authorities in New York reported receiving the same “generic” email and decided there was no danger to schoolchildren. Mayor Bill de Blasio concluded the threat contained “nothing credible.”
“It was so outlandish,” they said.
New York Police Commissioner William Bratton agreed. Bratton, who was police chief in Los Angeles until 2009, quipped that it looked like the sender of the threat had watched a lot of the Showtime terrorism drama “Homeland.”
The shutdown closed more than 900 public schools and 187 charter schools attended by 640,000 students across Los Angeles.
LA officials defended the move, with LA police chief Charlie Beck dismissing the criticism as “irresponsible.”
“It is very easy in hindsight to criticize a decision based on results the decider could never have known,” Beck said at a news conference.
Southern California, they added, “has been through a lot in the recent weeks. Should we risk putting our children through the same?”
Dr. Jeff Victoroff, an expert in the psychology of terror, said Cortines was put in a “genuinely impossible situation,” given the recent attacks in San Bernardino and Paris.
Jordan Tama, an assistant professor at American University specializing in U.S. counterterrorism policy, said it's not unreasonable for authorities in different places to make different decisions based on the same information.
“There certainly is no uniform approach,” they said. “Los Angeles might make their decision based on different factors than New York and that would be the case throughout the country.”
Against the backdrop of the San Bernardino attack, it's “just human nature” for LA authorities to be more cautious, Tama said.
The threatening 360-word email sent to the New York City school superintendent warned that schools would be attacked with pressure cooker bombs, nerve agents and machine guns. It claimed the writer and “138 comrades” would carry out the attack.
Students “at every school in the New York City school district will be massacred, mercilessly. And there is nothing you can do to stop it,” the message said.
A law enforcement official with access to the document provided the email to The Associated Press. The official was not authorized to disclose details of an ongoing investigation and provided it only on condition of anonymity.
The anonymous writer claimed to be a student at a district high school who had been bullied. The person also claimed to be a jihadist but made errors that suggested the writer was really a prankster, including spelling the word “Allah” with a lowercase “a” and making no reference to the Quaran.
The threats came in simultaneously to New York and LA school officials at about 1:20 a.m. EST Tuesday, or about 10:20 p.m. Monday in Los Angeles.
In LA, the school board member who received the threat immediately contacted school district police, Det. Rudy Perez said.
Across the country, the New York schools superintendent who received the threat was asleep and did not notice the email until 5:08 a.m. By 6:30 a.m., the message was sent to the NYPD.
An hour later, New York students began arriving at school with no knowledge of the threat. By about 9:30 a.m., investigators ruled the threat a hoax.
The decision to close Los Angeles schools was announced around the same time, at 6:25 a.m. PST.
Cortines said every campus would be searched before schools reopened.
Bratton called the closure in Los Angeles a “significant overreaction.”
“We cannot allow ourselves to raise levels of fear,” they said.
White House spokesperson Josh Earnest said they would not second-guess the decisions made in Los Angeles or New York.
The sudden closure disrupted the routines of many Los Angeles families.
Lupita Vela, who has a daughter in the third grade and a son who is a high school senior, called the threat “absolutely terrifying” in light of the San Bernardino attack.
“I know the kids are anxious,” they said.
The LA schools commonly get threats, but Cortines called this one rare and said the San Bernardino attack influenced their decision to close the entire district.
The threat “was not to one school, two schools or three schools,” they said at a news conference. “It was many schools, not specifically identified. … That's the reason I took the action that I did.”
The person who sent the threat used an “anonymizer,” which uses a proxy server to mask the origin of Internet traffic, and the email was routed through a German IP address, according to a law enforcement official briefed on the investigation. The official, who was not authorized to discuss an ongoing investigation, spoke on condition of anonymity.
Vela said they worry about talking to their kids about the threat and terrorism in general. She's concerned about their daughter feeling secure in class.
“I don't want this to be in the back of their head,” they said. “Who knows what it does psychologically to kids? Is this going to cause them some kind of trauma so that she's not going to feel safe at school?”
Did the #LAUSD make the right decision to close all campuses in response to what it believed was an email threat? — CBS Los Angeles (@CBSLA) December 16, 2015
(TM and © Copyright 2015 CBS Local Media, a division of CBS Radio Inc. and its relevant subsidiaries. CBS RADIO and EYE Logo TM and Copyright 2015 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Used under license. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
• The console release of SSF4 Arcade Edition will be a perfect port of the version currently in arcades. Do not anticipate any balance changes in AE.
• SSF4 users who don't upgrade to AE can't play against the new characters, but they get the increased search functionality of the replay system. They can also watch Arcade Edition matches.
• It's not setup like Anniversary Edition where you could pick different versions of characters from the games. When you start the title up, you can choose to either play SSF4 or AE.
• You do not get the balance updates for your characters if you don't upgrade. The developers wanted to leave SSF4 alone for people who still wanted to play that iteration of Street Fighter, also they weren't sure how the old characters would stack up against the new fighters, Yang, Yun, Evil Ryu and Oni, without the balance changes they received in the new title.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
This year's flu season has officially crossed the epidemic threshold, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Fifteen children have died across the country from influenza, as the number of states reporting a "high" level of influenza activity jumped from 13 to 22 in one week.
The determination follows an earlier warning from the agency that this year's flu season could be a severe one.
Keep in mind, however, that epidemic-levels of flu activity in the U.S. are a typical part of the annual flu season. In other words, it's simply too early to determine just how severe this year's epidemic will be.
The CDC uses several methods to track and characterize the outbreak. "Right now, all of the CDC's influenza surveillance systems are showing elevated activity," The CDC's flu division said in an e-mailed statement. The influenza season reaches an epidemic level when the proportion of deaths attributed to pneumonia and influenza reaches a certain threshold: 6.8 percent. According to the CDC's latest available information on the flu season, the percentage is currently at the threshold.
http://www.washingtonpost.com/posttv/national/health-science/cdc-flu-reported-in-almost-every-state/2014/12/31/b5f2a732-d7f4-424d-8eba-4aa1546763d8_video.html
The recent increases in flu activity, along with influenza-related hospitalizations and deaths, are so far a "typical pattern for the flu season."
Pediatric death tolls from previous outbreaks range from 35 to 171 deaths per season from influenza-related causes since 2004. That is, every year with the exception of 2009, when the annual flu season reached pandemic levels. During that season, 348 children died of influenza-related causes.
Centers for Disease Control and prevention
"It is a bit early to make any kind of characterization about pediatric deaths this season," Erin Burns,a health communications specialist with the Influenza Division at the CDC said in an e-mail, "but from looking at the curve going back to 2011-2012, it doesn't seem like anything unusual is happening." However, the agency cautioned, pediatric death data "typically lag behind" other measures for a season's severity.
That doesn't mean that health officials aren't particularly worried about this flu season, even as assessments of the overall scope of this year's influenza epidemic will have to wait, experts say.
For one thing, the dominant version of the virus this year is H3N2 - which tends to lead to harder-hitting flu seasons. "H3N2 predominant seasons tend to have more hospitalizations and more deaths," CDC director Thomas Frieden warned in early December.
There's an even bigger potential problem: "the most concerning thing about the flu season this year there is a mismatch between the predominant strain that is circulating and what was put in the vaccine," Trish Perl, the head of the Johns Hopkins Medicine Office of Epidemiology and Infection Prevention told The Post.
The vaccines distributed this year have limited effectiveness against some "drifted" (i.e. antigenically different ) H3N2 viruses present in this year's outbreak. A "drift" is a problem for the effectiveness of vaccines, albeit one not quite as devastating as an abrupt "antigenic shift," which leaves much of the population without an immunity to the new form of the virus. Such a "shift" preceded the 2009 pandemic, for example.
Drifts happen each year, and vaccine makers must respond to them season to season. But the timing of this year's "drift" was particularly poor. As we explained earlier in December, this year's "drift" in the H3N2 viruses wasn't detected until March, too late to make it into this year's batch of vaccines.
Although the vaccines will still provide some protection against those drifted strains, "it's clearly not complete protection," Perl added, noting that "we could see a lot more illness because we have a lot less people who are immune."
This flu season could be a doozy. The CDC is warning that the flu vaccine isn't as effective this year. The Washington Post's Lenny Bernstein explains why. (Pamela Kirkland/The Washington Post)
Perl noted that experts will be watching the recent increase in flu-related hospitalizations, which can be one of "the first signs that you may have more severity" in an annual flu epidemic.
In order to get a sense of severity, officials compare a current season's weekly rates to those of previous seasons featuring the same predominant strain of the virus. Since 2014-2015 is a H3N2 predominant season, that means looking at 2012-2013's data, the last time the same strain was predominant.
Looking at the CDC's weekly data, influenza-related hospitalization rates for people 65 and older during the most recent week available this season was 38.2 per 100,000 people. That's higher than it was for the same week in 2012-2013, which was 28.4 per 100,000 people. The comparison "suggests this season may be on track to be more severe in terms of hospitalizations in older people, or it may just mean that we are having an earlier season than in 2012-2013," the CDC's flu division said in an e-mailed statement.
Still, some regions of the country are already experiencing what feels like a severe season, even if national trends are inconclusive. So the high-altitude assessment of this year's season might not match up to the experiences of health workers in areas with particularly high flu activity right now. "When you're in the middle of it, it feels like more" Perl notes.
The fate of Liverpool will be decided in room 16 of the high court from tomorrow, when the Royal Bank of Scotland seeks to force through the sale of the club to the owners of the Boston Red Sox in the face of opposition from the current owners.
With the club's future set to turn on Mr Justice Floyd's interpretation of agreements that RBS insists were signed by Tom Hicks and George Gillett, the picture was further complicated yesterday by the public emergence of the rival bid to that of New England Sports Ventures, whose offer was accepted last week.
Peter Lim, a Singapore billionaire, matched NESV's £300m offer and also agreed to clear the £200m acquisition debt sitting on the club's balance sheet and which has provoked anger from fans.
The former stockbroker turned investor, who has stakes in a fashion retailer and a chain of clinics and owns a chain of Manchester United-branded cafes in the Far East, claims to be prepared to return to the table if the NESV deal falls through or Liverpool go into administration.
"Peter has written a letter to the Liverpool board ... they are prepared to make an improved offer," their spokesperson said.
NESV, however, would point to the fact it emerged as the winner in a competitive process and the binding agreement it has signed with the independent chairperson Martin Broughton and the Liverpool board.
Although Lim's intervention will be immaterial if RBS wins the case, which could take several days to resolve, it may prove problematic for RBS and Liverpool if it aids the argument of Hicks and Gillett, that they could have achieved a higher price for the club they still own.
RBS, which is owed the majority of the £237m loans that fall due on Friday, will tomorrow argue that undertakings signed by Hicks and Gillett as a condition of a refinancing round in April give the chairperson Martin Broughton the sole right to appoint or remove directors from the board.
Liverpool, meanwhile, are also seeking a definitive court judgment to confirm that the directors have the right to sell the club.
If RBS succeeds in upholding the agreements, which it believes are legally watertight, it would give Broughton the authority to push through the sale to NESV.
In an attempt to block the £300m deal, Hicks last week attempted to remove the commercial director Ian Ayre and chief executive Christian Purslow from the board and replace them with Mack Hicks, their son, and Lori Kay McCutcheon.
It emerged todaythat RBS was granted an interim injunction on Friday, preventing Hicks or Gillett from making any fresh moves to replace Broughton or any of the other directors.
"Among other things, that interim injunction prevents Mr Hicks or Mr Gillett taking any steps to remove or replace Mr Broughton from their position as chairperson of the board of the Kop companies or from taking any other steps to appoint or remove any directors from the board of the Kop companies," RBS said in a statement.
"The proceedings represent the continuation of Friday's proceedings and relates to breach of contract only. These proceedings do not represent steps by RBS to enforce its security or to appoint an administrator."
The case is the seventh due to be heard by Justice Floyd tomorrow. RBS will not seek to go down the administration route, which would be likely to result in a nine-point penalty from the Premier League, if the case or any subsequent appeal goes beyond 15 October. Only if Hicks wins would that be an option.
NESV, concerned at the re-emergence of administration as an option after 10 weeks of negotiations, has indicated it would walk away from the deal or seek a significant reduction in the price if that happens.
It has also emerged that RBS could have placed the club into administration at any point since the refinancing in April, since the shareholders have technically been in breach of their loan agreements since then.
The suggestion from Lim, who recently donated S$10m (£4.8m) to the Singapore Olympic Foundation, that they would be prepared to buy the club out of administration, may yet prove significant. NESV is increasingly unsettled by the suggestion from RBS that administration remained an option and a concurrent indication from the Premier League that the club would be docked nine points if that happens.
It's no secret that new Atlanta Falcons starting right tackle Jake Matthews, the sixth-overall pick in this year's NFL draft, has strong bloodlines.
Matthews' father, Bruce, is a Hall of Fame offensive guard. Their cousin, Clay, is a four-time Pro Bowl outside linebacker with the Green Bay Packers. In fact, Jake is the latest in a line of Matthews boys to make it to the NFL, following their grandfather, father, uncle, brother and two cousins.
And Jake, 6-foot-5 and 308 pounds, is the highest pick of them all . Their father was the No. 9 overall pick in 1983 by the Houston Oilers.
"I'm definitely going to take those (bragging) rights," Jake said. "We have a great reputation in the NFL. And I'm just going to try and keep that same reputation going: a bunch of guys who work hard and do things the right way."
Jake might have bragging rights, but he'll never discount what it meant growing up the son of such a great offensive lineman and coming from such a strong football background. They come from a family that has played in 753 NFL games in 54 seasons and made 22 Pro Bowls.
"From Day 1, I've had a second offensive line coach as a father," Jake said. "Not only a great football player, but a Hall of Famer at that. I've always been able to come home and talk to him, and getting their opinion was something I always took advantage of.
"In my opinion, he's the greatest offensive lineman to ever play the game. I'd be happy to do half the things they did. He's such a great player, someone I really look up to and I'm real proud to call my dad."
On Dec. 8, Jake gets to square off against their cousin when the Falcons travel to Green Bay for "Monday Night Football" on ESPN.
"I'm fired up," Jake said. "Talking to my dad, some of their greatest memories of play in the NFL was going against their brother. I finally get the opportunity to play against my cousin who's All-Pro and a stud. That's going to be a huge challenge. I'm looking forward to it.
"I know that's the reason why Atlanta picked me: They think I'm a guy that can go in and take care of Matt Ryan. And I'm going to go out and prove that I can."
Photo by Photodisc/Thinkstock
In the course of defending their right to treat gay people as second-class citizens, conservatives have frequently deployed slippery-slope arguments: “If we accept same-sex relationships, what will we have to tolerate next? Bestiality? Pederasty? Polygamy?” While these arguments are stupid, the people making them are not, or at least not always. They're doing their best to trot out a parade of horribles that will shock the sensibilities of most Americans.
Clearly we should be shocked by violations of consent. (Reminder: Children and animals can't consent!) But the inclusion of polygamy on this list is a symptom of prejudice, and not one that's held only by conservative troglodytes.* Advocates for gay marriage, in the course of pursuing a laudable goal, sometimes made public statements disparaging non-monogamy, suggesting that state sanction of marriage would help reduce gay “promiscuity.” Slate's own Hanna Rosin described the (relative) acceptance of non-monogamy among gay male couples as “[t]he dirty little secret about gay marriage.”
Although reliable figures are hard to come by, it's likely that the majority of consensually non-monogamous couples in the United States are heterosexual.** These days, you know who your gay neighbors are—gay people no longer have to seek out loveless heterosexual relationships to hide behind, or move in together but pretend to be roommates. Meanwhile, you don't know if your neighbors are poly (or whatever other term they may use), because they're still afraid that if they don't hide that aspect of their lives from you, something bad might happen. Those potential consequences range from having all future interactions feel awkward to having authorities take away their children.
I have identified as bisexual since my first year of college in the mid-'90s and as polyamorous since a few years after that. Over the last two decades, I have always been out as bi. I'm also lucky enough to have a supportive family, who have been accepting of my partners. If I love them, and they love me, that's good enough for Mom and Dad. On the other hand, I have never, ever been out as poly in a workplace. Start trying to explain consensual non-monogamy, and some people—a lot of people—are going to think you're obsessed with sex. (Never mind that I've been with my wife, Rose, for 10 years, have been married for three, and in all that time the two of us have dated fewer people than plenty of serially monogamous singles I know.) Some co-workers may avoid polyamorous colleagues because they're paranoid that they may be on the prowl. Others will become distrustful because they think that poly is an attempt to re-label behavior that they consider cheating, and cheaters aren't trustworthy.
If you're in a vanilla relationship, you probably take it for granted that when you're talking with a co-worker, and they say, “Hey, you're looking sharp, are you going someplace special tonight?” you can just talk. I was asked this question recently on an afternoon when I was planning to head straight from work to a date with Dana, my partner of two and a half years, during a week when Rose was out of town. Of course, just saying where I was going isn't enough—that just leads to, “Who with?” So I respond with something extremely vague—“Oh, a friend,”—but my mind is racing, trying to remember if I've mentioned that Rose is out of town, wondering if my co-worker is reading something sordid into the conversation. This sounds relatively low-stakes, but over time, the weight of many such small nuisances adds up. At first you don't know how people might react, so you conceal things, or tell a few little white lies. Before you know it, it's been months, or years, and maybe you might like to come out, but that would force you to admit past deceptions. So you go on, wasting energy on these internal conversations about things you don't think you ought to be ashamed of, trying to evade questions without raising suspicion.
A few months ago, I had dinner with Dana; their husband, Aaron; and their mother. I was introduced as a friend. Beforehand, I thought this would be fine, and it mostly was. Certainly, I enjoyed meeting their mom—I care about Dana, and I want to be involved in and understand their life, including their family. It wasn't until a couple of weeks later, when I had the opportunity to introduce Dana and Aaron to my mother, that I recognized how strained that first interaction had been. As I said, I'm out to my family as poly. When I call my folks every couple of weeks to tell them what I've been up to, and to hear their stories about my brother and their kids, Dana's name almost always gets mentioned, discussing something we did recently, or something we're planning.
On the surface, the situations were nearly identical. We had a nice dinner and talked about life, work, places we've lived or visited, art and music. Nothing explicit about our relationship was even mentioned. But think about it: When you introduce a (monogamous) partner to your family, you don't say, “Hi, Mom and Dad, this is Pat, who I like to have sex with sometimes!” I don't engage in a lot of PDAs with Rose in front of our parents, either. But it was nice to sit around a table with my family, of birth and of choice, and just behave naturally. I didn't have to worry, if I casually stroked Dana's shoulder or used some term of endearment like sweetheart, that someone might freak out. I didn't have to continuously monitor my behavior and words. I didn't need to dissemble.
The contrast between these two experiences was impossible to ignore. It forced me to notice the closet we're living in. It's hard to even describe my feelings about it. It's not exactly anger, or sadness. But I have to live with the knowledge that somebody I love thinks that if their mother knew what was going on in their life—that they have a second partner to love and support her; who looks forward, in the next year or two, to helping take care of their kids, babysitting now and then so they and Aaron can have a night to themselves; and that, yes, our relationship is rooted in and nourished by the sexual and romantic feelings between us—it would at least create awkwardness and difficulty, and perhaps even lead to shaming and rejection. What's more, it's hard not to feel that hiding the relationship devalues it. I'm continuing to hide behind a mask, even as I write this, changing names and details to avoid recognition.
Once I started thinking about this topic, it struck me that gay couples have probably been through many similar experiences: difficulty talking to co-workers about their personal lives; craving social validation and recognition but being afraid to hurt a lover's relationship with their family. Slowly, our society is changing and lifting that burden from them. I'd like to live in a world where nobody who conducts their sexual and romantic life with respect for consent, love, and generosity toward their partners—one at a time or otherwise—has to maintain a charade, pretending that they live and love in a more “acceptable” way than they actually do.
* Many polyamorists are offended by being conflated with polygamists. The etymology of polygamy may simply mean multiple marriage, but in modern usage in the United States, it connotes the practices of certain religious fundamentalists and calls to mind the abuse of young girls. Polyamory, on the other hand, is historically tied to the Haight-Ashbury communes of the 1970s. It's avowedly feminist and openly hostile to authoritarian religion. Nonetheless, we know that when people use polygamy in this context, they're at least partly talking about us.
** Work by Terri D. Conley at the University of Michigan has suggested that 4.5 percent to 10 percent of all couples are consensually non-monogamous. With roughly 3.5 percent of all couples identified as LGBT, even if non-monogamy were 50 percent prevalent across that entire demographic, straights would still be the vast majority of non-monogamists.
Get the biggest Everton FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Everton are eyeing a January window move for teenage striker George Hirst.
The Blues want to bolster their u-23 squad with up to four new signings this month.
And 17-year-old Sheffield Wednesday forward Hirst - the son of former Wednesday striker David - has emerged as target.
Hirst made their senior debut earlier this season as a substitute in their League Cup game against Cambridge United.
The England under-18 international signed their first professional contract with the Championship outfit last year which sees them tied to the club until 2018.
Hirst, 6'3”, has been identified by u-23s boss David Unsworth as another striker with the potential to break into Everton's first-team after summer signing Dominic Calvert-Lewin, signed from Sheffield United, join in a £1.5m deal.
The Blues are planning a significant shake-up of their squad this month with new arrivals, sales and loan deals all in the pipeline for the Premier League 2 leaders.
And Hirst is among those Everton are looking to recruit.
As of last month, the teenage striker had scored 22 goals in 30 matches for Wednesday's youth sides.
Hirst came off the bench against Reading last month to make their Football League bow.
The challenge
GREAT NEWS! We just added a virtual Alexa Skill testing tool
The Amazon Echo Simulator (EchoSim) is browser-based interface to Alexa, the cloud-based voice assistant that powers the Echo. EchoSim responds visually, aurally, and programmatically like a real Echo.
To use EchoSim:
Log in with your Amazon account. Click and hold the microphone button and speak a command as you would on the Echo. For example, say, “Alexa, what's the weather today?” When you let go of the button, EchoSim processes and responds to your voice command. To speak your next command, simply click and hold the microphone button again. Some features of the hardware Amazon Echo, such as streaming music and far-field voice recognition, will not function with this tool.
Natural user interfaces, such as those based on speech, represent the next major disruption in computing. Alexa provides you with an opportunity to take advantage of the new form of interaction. Alexa, the voice service that powers Amazon Echo, provides capabilities, or skills, that enable customers to interact with devices in a more intuitive way using voice. You can build skills using the Alexa Skills Kit. We're announcing a contest to encourage voice technology innovation with Alexa. Submit your great skill ideas for our Alexa Skill Contest – extra points when your skill is published. We're excited to see what you create.
We're announcing a contest to give developers like you a chance to connect your favorite hardware, IoT platform, and everyday life using Alexa.
Here is your chance to create something they will endure. A step-change in the world of IoT.
Alexa, the voice of Amazon Echo, provides developer-designed capabilities, or skills, that let users interact with devices in a more intuitive way. Skills enable voice commands to play music, set an alarm or timer, control home automation, change hardware settings, and more.
For developers, the Alexa Skills Kit – a collection of self-service APIs, tools, documentation and code samples – makes it easier and faster to create new skills. Since all of the code runs in the cloud, you don't need an Amazon Echo to build or test your skills.
So show us what you've got. Build Alexa skills that demonstrate how voice allows us to interact with devices in innovative, fun, and useful ways. No hardware required for this contest!
Amazon will judge all entries and select winners based on the following criteria:
Creativity (15 points)
Use of Voice User Interface (VUI) best practices (15 points)
Story/Instruction – Show how you created your project, including images, screenshots, and/or video (15 Points)
Published Skill (20 Points) ( read more about skill submission criteria )
(20 Points) Project Documentation including VUI diagram (10 Points)
Code – Include working code with helpful comments (10 Points)
Great photographs, videos and screenshots (10 Points)
Bonus: Use AWS Lambda to build your project, land extra points (5 points)
You are encouraged to build and submit more than one skill! We look forward to seeing what you create!
Build and submit Amazon Alexa Skills to win awesome prizes! You don't need an Echo to participate. No hardware required! Just build and submit an Amazon Alexa Skill.
P.S. This contest's prizes are available for participants in the US only. For winners living outside of the US, a gift card of equivalent value will be sent.
Helpful links:
Alexa Skills Kit
Alexa Smart Home Skill API
Alexa Quick Start Guide
Trivia Skill Template
Fact Skill Template
Join us for our weekly Alexa Skills office hours!
Join us for weekly Alexa Skills Kit office hours with an Amazon Alexa technical evangelist. Bring your questions on voice design, the Alexa Skills Kit, skill certification and how to use AWS services like AWS Lambda with your skill. Discussing your voice design and skill use case will help you make sure you are designing a great voice experience and get your skill certified more quickly.
Check out this Alexa Skill Building Workshop!
Amazon, Echo, Echo Dot, Amazon Tap, Alexa and the Amazon logo are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates.
Portugal plans to avoid the threat of needing another bailout by making another $6.3bn in cuts over the next three years, with measures including raising the retirement age by one year to 66 and laying off around 30,000 government workers, the prime minister has said.
Pedro Passos Coelho announced the proposals on Friday in a prime-time televised address to the nation. Portugal received a $102bn euro rescue in 2011 after overspending, heavy debts and weak growth left it close to bankruptcy amid the eurozone's financial crisis.
Passos Coelho warned the country couldn't expect the rest of Europe to throw it another financial lifeline and said Portugal must honour the terms of the three-year bailout agreement, which demands deep cuts in spending.
Some wealthier northern European countries have shown signs of bailout fatigue as the continent's southern nations, like Portugal, Spain and Greece, have gone to them for help.
With the eurozone financial crisis appearing far from over amid a broad European economic slowdown, asking for more money could aggravate political problems.
“The idea that Europe will always come to our aid is wrong,'' Passos Coelho said.
They added Portugal must show “our European partners that they have no reason to doubt our commitment'' to repairing the country's public finances.
The center-right coalition government will likely have a hard time, however, selling its latest austerity measures to a disgruntled public.
Passos Coelho said they want to give a full state pension to workers only when they reach 66, negotiate early retirement deals with government workers to get their target of 30,000 fewer staff, and increase the working hours of government employees to 40 hours from 35, the same as the private sector.
Many people blame the government's spending cuts and tax hikes for a recession that is forecast to continue for a third straight year in 2013.
Unemployment is at 17.5 percent, and the government predicts it will reach 18.5 percent next year.
Passos Coelho appealed for understanding. “People of Portugal, I know you are asking whether all the sacrifices will be worthwhile. I can assure you, they are,'' they said.
“The benefits [of austerity] will come,'' they said. "We cannot give up.''
When it comes to league of legends there are many ways to go about playing the same champion and role, however it is very important to remember the basics of your champion. In this article, I will talk mostly about support because that is where we can see some of the most drastic negative impacts of “playstyle” on success.
When it comes to playstyle we need to really understand what the term means, from my experience and using my pseudo-professional opinion I would define playstyle as how you deviate from the standard “accepted” way of playing a champion in a certain role. A great example of playstyle is in how someone plays in their lane, for example a Braum player can choose to play aggressively to apply their passive and scrap or choose to sit back and let their AD carry farm while taking damage using Unbreakable (E) to soak some damage.
On the other hand there are many who use the guise of “playstyle” as an excuse for bad play and will therefore not see much improvement in their gameplay or abilities. I have seen many players (especially supports) who will buy items that don't help them as well as players who will make just simple mistakes for a champion mechanically and when they are questioned by their team they often cite their “playstyle” as their excuse for itemizing poorly.
The first place to decide your own playstyle is in the runes and masteries, you can even see this on a pro level by comparing the runes and masteries used by pro supports. For example in the above picture we can see the differences in runes between Lustboy and Zero. Even though they are playing different champions you can clearly see a difference in style in their runes, while zero runes a cheeky critical chance mark and a more defensive set in general they also run a decent amount of mana regeneration glyphs. On the other hand lust boy has a much more aggressive page opting for a mana regeneration quintessence and even some ability power. Even in the masteries we can see a subtle difference, zero opts for the enhanced recall and takes a point out of their movement speed bonus in order to do it.
These are great examples of a playstyle difference between two players who are still playing the game relatively similarly (especially at such a high level). So if you were to take anything from this article just remember that playing poorly or itemizing poorly is not the same thing as having a different playstyle compared to the average player.
Welcome to The Cross of the Moment, a documentary film on the environmental crisis.
A deep-green, deep-time discussion of the environmental crisis, The Cross of the Moment is a feature length documentary that attempts to connect the dots between Fermi's Paradox, climate change, capitalism, and collapse. Interviews with top scientists and public intellectuals are woven together into a narrative that is challenging, exhausting, and unflinching. The film is essentially an 80-minute constructed conversation among a group of highly informed experts on the most important topic in human history; will our species survive catastrophic climate change?
The Film, free to watch;
Trailer for the film;
One aspect of the film viewers find challenging is the withholding of the interviewee introductions until the end of the film. Ultimately, this is not a film just about climate change, but also about grand philosophical questions like the fate of civilization, the nature of our political/economic systems, and the very reasons why humanity exists. These are topics beyond the realm of academic authority, ideas upon which we all desperately need to engage . While watching this film we want viewers to concentrate solely on the moment; what is being said and the passion and belief of the speaker. In the end, when the introductions do finally arrive, hopefully viewers agree that the interviewees are indeed worthy of their attention. However, it is no secret whom the interviewees are, and, if you feel the need, you can watch the introductions first right here!
Introductions from the film;
Interviewees
As of May 2016 the film has been watched over 26,000 times on-line at Vimeo. It is also featured on many documentaries, environmental, and politically oriented websites including Films for Action, Top Documentary Films, DisInfo, and Documentary Storm. The film is also available for public showings and for academic use. The film is always free to watch on-line, please share it with friends.
dfThe poster for the world premiere showing;
For more information please contact Jacob Freydont-Attie.
© 2016 Neon Buddha Multimedia
Zero Downtime Deployments With Laravel Forge
Laravel Forge is a fantastic tool for rapidly spinning up servers with all the best and latest software. It also provides for easy PHP project deployment and setup. However, the default deploy script is rather lacking in a sense that it results in downtime.
Envoyer is a tool that solves this issue, but if you just want zero downtime deployments and don't want any of the other features that it provides, it might be hard to justify shelling out for another tool.
Here's a way to handle zero downtime deployments from Forge, in a very similar manner to Envoyer.
Note: the default Forge project is used as an example throughout this post. Remember to change it to whatever your project domain name is set to in Forge.
Deploying
The below script should go into the Deploy Script section of your pre-existing Forge website.
cd /home/forge PROJECT_NAME = "default" PROJECT_REPO = "git@github.com:laravel/laravel.git" RELEASES_KEPT = 3 RELEASE = $( date + "%Y-%m-%d-%H-%M-%S" ) # Copy the old .env file cp $PROJECT_NAME "/.env" $PROJECT_NAME ".env" # Create a default-releases directory if it does not exist. if [ ! -d $PROJECT_NAME "-releases" ] then mkdir $PROJECT_NAME "-releases" fi # Create our new release. cd $PROJECT_NAME "-releases" git clone $PROJECT_REPO $RELEASE cd $RELEASE # Install dependencies composer install --no-interaction --prefer-dist --optimize-autoloader # Move in the old .env file and clean up. cp -af "../../" $PROJECT_NAME ".env" ".env" rm "../../" $PROJECT_NAME ".env" if [ -f artisan ] then php artisan migrate --force fi # Clean up old releases. cd .. rm -rf ` ls -1 | sort -r | tail -n + $(( RELEASES_KEPT+1 )) ` cd /home/forge # Remove the project directory if exists. if [ -d $PROJECT_NAME ] then rm -rf $PROJECT_NAME fi # Relink our new release. ln -sfn $PROJECT_NAME "-releases/" $RELEASE $PROJECT_NAME # Reload PHP-FPM echo "" | sudo -S service php7.1-fpm reload
Configuring
There are 4 variables defined at the beginning of the script: PROJECT_NAME , PROJECT_REPO , RELEASES_KEPT and RELEASE .
PROJECT_NAME - should be set to the domain name that you have given your website in Forge.
PROJECT_REPO - is the git repository with your project files. Should be the same repo that you provided when setting up your website for the first time. This must bet an SSH link and not HTTPS.
RELEASES_KEPT - the number of releases that you want to keep present. These will be used for rolling back, should your freshly deployed code not work as intended.
RELEASE - the naming pattern for naming your releases. By default, it's the deployment date separated by hyphens.
First Deploy
The very first deployment will introduce a bit of downtime as it has to remove the directory of your project and replace it with a symlink.
Which leads into another point…
Changing the storage path
Since we're essentially using a fresh copy of code every time we deploy, the storage/ folder will not have any of the files that the app has added during its release lifetime.
storage/ usually holds some of the frameworks cache stuff, logs and other tidbits. In most cases, you'll want to keep this folder untouched whenever you do a release.
This issue can be solved by changing your storage/ path to be outside of your PROJECT_NAME directory. So something like /home/forge/default-storage would work.
To do this, SSH into your Forge server and run the following to create the new storage folder:
cp -rp /home/forge/default/storage /home/forge/default-storage
Now open up your bootstrap/app.php and just before return $app; add this:
$app -> bind ( 'path.storage' , function () { return env ( 'APP_STORAGE' ); });
The last step is to add APP_STORAGE=/home/forge/default-storage to your environment variables.
Rolling Back
Rolling back is just symlinking to an older release and then rolling back your database changes. You can do this by SSHing into your server and running the following:
ln -sfn default-releases/ROLLBACK_RELEASE_FOLDER default
And then roll back any migrations from the previous release:
default/artisan migrate:rollback
Replace the ROLLBACK_RELEASE_FOLDER with whatever version of your application you want to go back to.
Ending Notes
I don't want to take away anything from Envoyer with this. It is a fantastic tool and if you need more control over your deployments, you should probably use it.
If you find any issues with this post, or would like to add anything to it, please get in touch via the socials on this site and let me know.
Introduction
It's been a busy spring for OEMs, and Digital Storm is no exception. Earlier this year, Intel was forced to suspend shipments of Sandy Bridge's accompanying Cougar Point chipset while it fixed a design flaw. This, in turn, left both system OEMs and retail motherboard vendors no choice but to suspend/delay their own Sandy Bridge-based products. Now the market is awash with product refreshes, making it more difficult than ever for any one product to stand out from the crowd. Digital Storm's new Enix appears to pull it off nicely, however, at a (relatively) cheap price compared to many of the boutique systems we've reviewed in the past 18 months.
At $3300, our review system is actually an expensive version of the Enix. Digital Storm's basic Enix system starts off at $1125. After a few modifications (the base config pairs an SLI PSU with a non-SLI motherboard, a quad-core CPU), and opting to step up to a Radeon 6850 from a low-end GeForce GT 220 1GB. After these few upgrades, the system is $1306. While that's expensive compared to your average $500 Walmart special machine, it's reasonable for a boutique builder offering custom configurations of this type.
Digital Storm Enix Specifications and Features (as tested)
Model
Enix
CPU
Intel Core i7-2600K
Motherboard
Asus P8P67-M
Memory
8GB DDR3-1600MHz Corsair Dominator DHX
Graphics
2x GTX 580 in SLI, 1.5GB RAM per GPU
Optical
BD-ROM / DVD writer
Storage
1x 128GB Corsair Performance 3 Series
1x 1TB WD Caviar Black (64MB cache)
Operating System
Windows 7 64-bit Home Premium
Ethernet
1x Realtek 8111E Gigabit LAN
Ports
6x USB 2.0, 2x USB 3.0 rerouted), FireWire 1394a, eSATA, S/PDIF Out, 1x RJ45.
Sound
Integrated 8-channel Realtek ALC892
Power Supply
SilverStone 1kW Strider Gold (ST1000-G)
Cooling
Corsair H70 Liquid CPU Cooler
Overclocking
Yes, Overclock CPU To 4.7 - 5.2GHz Dimensions
7.31" x 17.9" x 16.02" (WxDxH)
Warranty
Lifetime Customer Care / 3 Year Limited
Price
$3,355 (as configured)
In light of its specifications, the Enix is an excellent example of a "have-your-cake-and-eat-it-too" design. Digital Storm has packed the system with a 3.4GHz processor overclocked at 4.7GHz and a brace of GTX 580s, while simultaneously opting for an mATX tower designed to maximize airflow and accommodate high-end components. The case—SilverStone's FT03—minimizes chassis depth, thus creating a unique rectangular prism form factor.
With the Enix, Digital Storm set itself a very high hurdle. It's extremely difficult to balance ultra-high-end performance, equipment temperatures, and system noise. Heavy-handed overclocking makes it much harder to find that elusive sweet spot. All of the boutique builders that serve this rarefied market have struggled with this task at one time or another. In this case, we were concerned that Digital Storm might not have hit the mark. When we reviewed Digital Storm's Core i5-750 system 18 months ago, we were unhappy with both the decibel level and the frequency of the sound itself.
We'll tell you up front, the Enix fixes everything we didn't like about the older Core i5 system. While this particular Enix is far more expensive than the Core i5 we reviewed, it's possible to build an Enix that *is* within that system's price range. The downside here is that Digital Storm bit off a bit more than it should've when it tuned the Enix's performance. Details to follow.
Joseph Anton: A Memoir is an autobiographical book by the British Indian writer, Salman Rushdie. It was published in September 2012 by Random House.[1]
Rushdie used "Joseph Anton" as a pseudonym while in hiding following the fatwa that had been issued by Ayatollah Khomeini, the spiritual and political leader of the Islamic Republic of Iran, in the midst of criticism by some Muslims and a widespread controversy over Rushdie's novel The Satanic Verses (1988). They chose the name to honor the writers Joseph Conrad and Anton Chekhov.[2] Rushdie was annoyed when police officers called them by the more casual nickname, "Joe."[3] The memoir is an account of their life under the ongoing fatwa.
It also discusses other aspects of their personal life, such as their friendship with other writers such as Bruce Chatwin, Paul Theroux, Bill Buford and Martin Amis and other public figures such as Alan Yentob. It also includes the story of the break-up of their relationship with their second wife, Marianne Wiggins, and the acrimonious nature of their split, and their third and fourth marriages (and break-ups) to Elizabeth West and Padma Lakshmi.[4]
The memoir is unusual in the sense that Rushdie writes about their life as 'Joseph Anton' in the third person rather than the first person.
The book was announced as one of the 14 titles in the longlist for the 2012 Samuel Johnson Prize on 18 September 2012.[5]
“White Rage” is the force behind the many struggles faced by the black community today, according to a newly released book written by an African-American Studies Professor at Emory University.
“White Rage: The Unspoken Truth of Our Racial Divide,” penned by Emory historian Dr. Carol Anderson, argues that “every time African Americans have made advances towards full participation in our democracy, white reaction has fueled a deliberate and relentless rollback of their gains,” the book's online description states.
“White rage is subtle as policymakers and a series of courts systematically undercut advancement of African Americans, and in doing so wreak major havoc on American democracy,” Anderson told Emory News Center in an extensive interview to coincide with the book's release.
Anderson did not respond to an interview request from The College Fix on their new book, published May 31.
Anderson points to statistics like the high percentages of black incarceration, the lower percentage of blacks with government I.D.s, and the lower average income for black Americans as evidence white elites and politicians are purposely halting black advancement.
Specific examples of white rage, according to the professor, include the 2013 U.S. Supreme Court decision to allow states to pass voter identification laws, and states' subsequent decisions to pass such laws, calling it an attempt “to clamp down on the black vote,” they told Emory News Center.
MORE: Princeton professor arrested for outstanding warrant; blames racism
They also stated President Ronald Reagan was a “devastation” to the United States, and accused their administration of purposely cutting student aid to target black families.
“We came from a nation that valued chattel slavery, where 80 percent of the nation's GNP was tied up in owning human beings,” the professor told Emory News.
“The idea of America is so powerful,” they continued. “It is so strong that you consistently have large numbers who are fighting to reach that goal [of equality]. That's why white rage has to always morph into something else, because once it's revealed, its policy antics are no longer tolerated or accepted.”
They added some white people are “fighting hard, putting their lives, their reputations and their money on the line for a better democracy.”
Anderson's new book was inspired by their August 2014 op-ed in The Washington Post in the wake of the Ferguson riots headlined “Ferguson isn't about black rage against cops. It's white rage against progress.”
“White rage recurs in American history. It exploded after the Civil War, erupted again to undermine the Supreme Court's Brown v. Board of Education decision and took on its latest incarnation with Barack Obama's ascent to the White House. For every action of African American advancement, there's a reaction, a backlash,” their column stated.
In their interview with Emory News, Anderson also made the claim American police departments routinely use black Americans as a “revenue generating source.” They did not delve into law enforcement officers, both white and black, who have given their lives to protect minority precincts.
Public policies “have created an environment where the police are using African Americans as a revenue-generating source, where the school systems for over a decade have been on accreditation probation, and the policymakers seem alright with that,” they told Emory News.
“In ‘White Rage,'” they continued, “… when you pull these events together, all of a sudden you're saying, ‘Oh my God, that's it; that's white rage.' Think about it: How is it that we could be so viscerally opposed to children getting an education?”
Courses Anderson has recently taught at Emory include “War Crimes and Genocide,” “Black Athletes in American Society,” and “The Civil Rights Movement.”
MORE: Black people have bad health because of racism, psychologist says
Like The College Fix on Facebook / Follow us on Twitter
IMAGE: Internet screenshot
New apartments are being built at Q and 20th streets, near the soon-to-be-demolished Sacramento Bee parking lot. Related stories:
Casa de Chaos theory
Local historians hope to save longstanding music venue from destruction. SN&R , 08.25.16.
All-ages, all-rages
Sacramento's underground music scene is stronger than it's ever been. So why could it fall apart at any moment? SN&R , 02.23.17.
Local historians hope to save longstanding music venue from destruction., 08.25.16.Sacramento's underground music scene is stronger than it's ever been. So why could it fall apart at any moment?, 02.23.17. Advertisement
“It's like these three houses form a little island,” musician Mickie Rat notes over a cigarette, smoke drifting past the Doric columns of their century-old porch in Midtown. “We're some of the last people who haven't been pushed out yet. Most of my friends who lived here before now live in Oak Park or Southside Park, and are getting pushed farther and farther off the grid.”
The trio of houses forming Rat's conceptual island were built between the election of President William Howard Taft and the night the Titanic sank. Their white balusters, gabled dormers and broad colonial canopies are emblematic of what makes the central city picturesque.
But these three structures—at 1616, 1620 and 1624 21st Street—could be getting demolished to make way for newer-style living units, ones that would likely resemble a major modern building project happening across the street. From where Rat sits, longtime residents of their neighborhood are evaporating just as quickly as its timeless ambiance.
The threatened houses on 21st Street stand one address away from the flat-brick facade and glass art déco cubes of the Press Club, a post-Victorian throwback to Old Sacramento's nightlife. The house that Rat's been renting for 14 years is the most famous of them, known as Casa de Chaos, an underground music venue that launched dozes of rebel punk performers in the region.
“For those of us who have lived here, this house was always a place where there's been a lot of art and a lot of music,” Rat said. “When we were bored, we'd just gather people together and go down into the basement to start a band.”
Together, the endangered houses reflect a history beyond the heyday of Sacramento's musical underground. Silvered photographs show trolley cars gliding by their porches months after Pearl Harbor was attacked. Records indicate one was a bustling fraternity house for Kappa Sigma back when Elvis Presley's first hit came on the radio. For locals who love Midtown's character, those memories still linger up and down the street.
However, change is coming. Developer Sotiris Kolokotronis is preparing to build 253 new apartment units at the corner of 21st and Q streets, on top of the former Sacramento Bee parking lot. The complex will be known as The Press and stand immediately next to the historic homes on 21st Street. For Sacramento officials wrestling with the supply-and-demand forces driving the county's affordable housing crisis, this new inventory of living units is desperately needed.
Early renderings of The Press show a boxy, five-story complex of glass and steel. The Sacramento Planning and Design Commission has already approved its aesthetics, though the developer is working with city staff on minor adjustments. Even though The Press brings an ultra-contemporary look to the street, Sacramento historian William Burg is glad it's going up on a parking lot rather than causing the demolition of historic structures or displacement of current renters in the area.
“If they do need to create more housing, then those types of empty spaces across the city are where it makes sense,” Burg said.
What does not make sense to Burg is tearing down the three homes next to The Press, and he's been helping the nonprofit Preservation Sacramento try to stop that.
In August 2016, the real estate company that owns all three houses, Rohenco Inc., requested a city assessment to determine if the houses were eligible for demolition—something required by Sacramento's zoning code, since they're more than 50 years old. Burg said the owner of that firm, Ron Henry Jr., told Preservation Sacramento members that they wanted more “high intensity” housing on the properties. Henry confirmed to SN&R this week that their company had explored building a new project on the site, but said it hadn't gotten very far into what that project might look like.
Preservation Sacramento conducted its own study of the houses and issued a 26-page report highlighting their rare architectural features, as well as their place in Sacramento's turn-of-the-century “City Beautiful” design movement. Reviewing that research, outgoing Sacramento Preservation Director Roberta Deering deemed the three houses eligible to be included in the nearby Winn Park Historic District. But Deering retired weeks later, bringing the process to a standstill. Flash forward a year, occupants of the three addresses have been given no updates from City Hall.
This week, Kelli Trapani, a spokesperson for the city's Community Development Department, told SN&R the new preservation director, Carson Anderson, hopes to bring the nomination forward next year.
“The tenants should understand that the properties have been found eligible for landmark listing and we are treating the properties as historic resources based on that,” Trapani wrote in an email.
But Rohenco Inc. has a right to contest any historic designation. Henry said this week their company hasn't yet made a decision if it will do that or not.
Sean Decourcy, a board member of Preservation Sacramento, said if the issue becomes contested, the public's voice could matter a lot. “Bringing the process forward does give people a chance to be heard,” Decourcy stressed.
Rat is holding out hope the public would come down on the side of local history. “I really love these houses,” they said. “In the end, I just can't imagine them not being here.”
Preservation Sacramento was formed in 1972 during a time when legacy buildings from Third Street to East Sac were falling apart. For young professionals interested in buying and fixing them up, it was no easy task. Burg said that banks rarely gave loans because the shabby vintage houses were considered nearly valueless, and the city's permitting policies encouraged owners to knock down old structures rather than restore them. Over time, the volunteers of Preservation Sacramento helped establish many of the central city's 33 historic districts.
But for one quarter of town, it was already too late.
“They demolished all of the historic neighborhoods downtown,” Burg noted. “There were entire neighborhoods down there that just don't exist anymore.”
In 2017, shades of downtown's yesteryear can still be seen in a dozen commercial landmarks. Some, such as the Elks Tower, the Masonic Hall and the Citizen Hotel, are thriving business hubs again. Others, including the Biltmore Hotel and Marshall Hotel, ultimately became run-down, single-occupancy living centers for the lowest-income residents and people surviving on Social Security. The Biltmore now sits empty due to a fire. The Marshall, which was vacated in 2014, displacing 57 people—many with physical and mental disabilities—is now preparing for a complete makeover.
The Marshall stands at the corner of Seventh and L streets, neighboring the new Sacramento Kings practice facility and the Golden 1 Center. According to a city staff report, that proximity has led Hyatt Hotels to enter into an agreement to purchase the Marshall for a “full-service boutique hotel offering.”
Hyatt representatives have already turned in conceptual plans for their $56.6 million renovation of the Marshall, which involves demolishing its interior, as well as its east and south exterior. According to the renderings, half of the Marshall's five-story exterior will remain, with another five stories of an entirely new hotel rising out its top. The addition will be built with ultramodern architecture, presenting an image of a new structure hatching out of the top of an old one.
Burg said this tactic is called “façading,” and it's considered a mixed bag by preservationists. “It's discouraged, because you lose a lot of the energy and character of the building that existed,” they explained.
City Council members are enthusiastic about the Hyatt's plan. At least, enthusiastic enough to help fill a $4 million funding gap in the project with public tax dollars. In September, the council voted to allocate $3.6 million from the sale of properties it owned at the 800 block of K and L streets and 731 K Street to fill in a shortfall in the Hyatt's investor pool.
Given downtown's dearth of historic authenticity, Preservation Sacramento members, along with an array of local business people, have been asking City Hall to create a Mills Act program, which would give the owners of historic structures a tax break for agreeing to preservation efforts. In most cities, Mills Act contracts run in 10-year increments.
“We're one of the only cities this size that don't have a program,” Decourcy observed. “It's kind of an embarrassment that we don't.”
Downtown Councilman Steve Hansen has been working to create a Mills Act proposal that their colleagues can eventually vote on. Matt Read of Hansen's office said their team is confident that program will become a reality some time next year.
From Burg's perspective, between the development push around Sacramento's housing crisis and big money dreams attached to downtown's revitalization, there's no time like the present to get that program into place.
“It's literally a win-win for everybody involved,” Burg said. “And it's about maintaining that sense of walking through the past. That's part of what makes great downtowns and great cities.”
The cash-conscious New York Red Bulls were looking to make a big splash for Premier League midfielder James McClean.
The Irish winger recently signed with West Brom of the English Premier League, but they tell the Daily Mail that they traveled to the United States to speak to the Red Bulls, ultimately rejecting a “very attractive contract” to further pursue their career in the Premier League.
That news dovetails with information from league sources telling EoS the New York Red Bulls were ready to offer McClean a Designated Player contract.
McLean signed with The Baggies for £1.5m a season ($2.3 million); a respectable Premier League wage but certainly an eye-popping number in terms of MLS players. The Red Bulls currently do not have any player on their roster making seven figures, with Bradley Wright-Phillips being the club's top earner at $660k. With a comparable salary to West Brom's offer, McClean would instantly become New York's highest paid player — by a long shot.
But why McClean? Simply put, the new Red Bulls' regime have a different standard for spending Designated Player money. While big names at the twilight of their career were the norm for the organization since the DP rule came into effect, the current regime is focusing their potential spending on young, talented players — not necessarily world stars.
McClean certainly fits that bill. The 26-year-old is going into their sixth Premier League season, starring for Sunderland, Wigan and now, West Brom. They have also been a fixture for the Republic of Ireland since 2012, appearing in 27 matches for the team.
Depression Drug's Side Effect Has Users Aroused
With the kind of wry understatement rarely seen in medical literature, the researchers concluded that the side effect "can influence patient-compliance with the prescribed medication regimen."
One woman in a Canadian study of the drug's "unusual" side effect asked, according to researchers, "how long they would be 'allowed' to take the drug." They "sheepishly admitted that they hoped to take the medication on a long-term basis." They even found that they could induce an orgasm by deliberately yawning.
The "yawngasm" effect is no doubt quite a boost to the antidepressant qualities of the drug, clomipramine (marketed under the brand name Anafranil by its manufacturer, Ciba Pharmaceuticals).
A drug used for the treatment of depression seems to have a remarkable effect on some people who take it: When they yawn, they have an orgasm.
Go ahead. Yawn. Now, don't you feel cheated?
Before you line up for your prescription, it's worth noting that other patients report clomipramine side effects that are not quite as entertaining. In clinical trials, 42% of men taking the drug--often prescribed to treat obsessive-compulsive disorder--experienced what the company terms "ejaculatory failure," and 20% experienced impotence.
Thus, clomipramine is a little like a pharmacologic version of "The Lady or the Tiger?": You might get something very, very bad, or something very, very good.
About 85% of those men on the drug who developed sexual dysfunction "chose to continue on Anafranil so that they could continue to get the benefits of the therapy," said Linda Mayer, a patient Ciba spokesperson who has had to do an awful lot of talking about orgasms lately.
Those using the drug who, to paraphrase Mel Reynolds, hit the Lotto, are few. Mayer, however, could not give specific numbers. They said the occurrence is "rare"; when asked to quantify, they responded that "rare is rare."
The Food and Drug Administration could shed little more light on the frequency of the yawngasm effect. The FDA's database for reporting side effects is geared toward the tragic and is ill-suited to tease out instances of unexpected pleasure. Still, the agency has received a handful of clomipramine reports in recent years, including at least one that mentions "spontaneous orgasm while yawning."
Medical experts can't explain the side effect, although some have voiced theories. Yawning is a complex physiological activity that spurs alertness by bringing a surge of fresh, oxygenated blood to the brain and causes the release of stimulatory neurotransmitters--the chemicals that send signals between brain cells.
Researchers have noted that the hormone ACTH (a pituitary hormone that stimulates steroid production) induces stretching and yawning--as well as spontaneous erections and ejaculation--when injected into the cerebrospinal fluid of mammals, and so might be somehow involved in the effect.
The amazing thing to Ciba's Mayer is the timing of this recent surge of interest.
"We were surprised to be getting calls on this all of a sudden," they said, since the scientific paper first describing the unusual side effect appeared more than a decade ago.
*
The story surfaced in August, always a slow news month. A 1983 paper from the Canadian Journal of Psychiatry was revived and posted in an online discussion group that deals with "urban legends" such as poodle-in-microwave stories. An editor at the British magazine New Scientist wrote it up, snappy and short. Then in a media version of a sports arena "wave," Reuter distributed a wire story that relied heavily on the New Scientist article, which was picked up by National Public Radio, which was followed up by CBS News and "Hard Copy."
ANU
The paper was given against the background of claims by both the Victorian Coalition government and the Labor opposition that the contracts for the Wonthaggi desalination plant and the intended contract for the East West Link, once signed, could not be broken due to sovereign risk.
The East West road project was examined and found wanting by Infrastructure Australia. The previous federal Labor government accepted that advice, refused federal money for the project and instead approved $1.5 billion assistance for the Metro Rail tunnel which would have capacity to shift the passenger equivalent of 24 lanes of freeway. The Abbott government, by contrast, rejected the advice of Infrastructure Australia and has promised $3 billion for the East West Link, consistent with the Coalition's federal election commitment to fund roads, not public transport.
Infrastructure Australia staff have circulated a report, Spend more, waste more, Australia's Roads in 2014, to transport industry experts for comment. The report argued that the existing level of road expenditure was unsustainable and unjustified.
No East West Link business case has been published, because it depends in part on increasing car dependence at the expense of public transport. This, in combination with Planning Minister Matthew Guy's Plan Melbourne, will create gridlock. Guy's plan envisages an extra 1.3 million people by 2020, housed mainly in inner Melbourne (200,000 dwellings) and middle Melbourne (600,000 dwellings), and each household requiring one or two cars, given the absence of concomitant investment in public transport.
Mark Harrison will have to show what he's capable of in a different city.
The New England Patriots released the wide receiver Wednesday and replaced them with linebacker James Anderson, who will provide depth and the ability to help in coverage. But the decision to part ways with Harrison might have been fueled by something else.
Harrison was entering the year as a part of a group of wide receiver who were battling for one of the last one or two spots at the position, and did not help their cause by showing up late to an organized team activity this week, according to a source.
While OTAs are voluntary, showing up late when you are the bubble is not a good look.
The Rutgers product did not see the field last season after suffering a foot injury during the offseason. There was speculation that the 6-foot-3, 230-pounder could be used as a “move” tight end this season, but head coach Bill Belichick shot that notion down during the draft.
Writing Cron Jobs and Command Line Scripts in CodeIgniter
Building a command line interface into your application can be a way to add extra utility to your application. Adding cron jobs (a.k.a. scheduled tasks) to your CodeIgniter application can provide additional utility. In this article, we'll show you how to set up both in a CodeIgniter application by writing a simple appointment reminder, which will remind people if they have an appointment scheduled a day in advance.
Running Code Via The Command Line
You can access all CodeIgniter controller methods via the command line. Let's start with a simple controller:
<?php class Hello extends CI_Controller { public function index() { echo "Hello, World" . PHP_EOL; } public function greet($name) { echo "Hello, $name" . PHP_EOL; } }
From the application root folder, to call the index function we can do the following:
php index.php hello
By passing the name of the controller to index.php , we can invoke the index method of the controller. If we want to invoke other methods, we can pass them as the next arguments. Any arguments proceeding those will be passed as arguments to the method we are calling. So, to get the output of “Hello, Glenn” from this controller, we would run the following:
php index.php hello greet Glenn
Detecting command line requests
You may want to write controller methods that behave differently based on whether or not they are accessed via the command line. you can do this by using the input library, which has a function called is_cli_request() to detect if a request to a controller is from the command line or not. Here is an example if you want to make a method only accessible via command line:
<?php public function greet($name) { if(!$this->input->is_cli_request()) { echo "greet my only be accessed from the command line"; return; } echo "Hello, $name" . PHP_EOL; }
Setting up the Appointment Reminder
Let's say we have a system where people can book appointments. We would like to send them a reminder a day in advance that they have an appointment coming up. In this tutorial, we will set up a command line script Let's set up our appointment reminder files. First let's start by building the table.
CREATE TABLE appointments (
id int auto_increment primary key,
email varchar(255) not null default ”,
start_time datetime
is_reminded tinyint(1) not null default 0
);
Now, we'll write a model that will perform the two primary data functions we need for this appointment reminder: a way to fetch all appointments on a particular day and a way to mark appointments that have recieved reminders so that we do not send multiple reminder emails:
class Appointment_model extends CI_Model { public function get_days_appointments($day) { $day_start = date('Y-m-d 00:00:00', $day); $day_end = date('Y-m-d 23:59:59', $day); return $this->db->select('*') ->from('appointments') ->where('start_time <', $day_start) ->where('start_time >', $day_end) ->get()->result(); } public function mark_reminded($appointment_id) { return $this->db->where('id', $appointment_id)->update('appointments', array('is_reminded' => 1)); } }
Now that we can handle all the data transactions through the model. Let's write a controller so we can access this through the command line. In this example, we will put the logic in the index() function, since that is all this controller does. Personally, I like to put all of my command line scripts inside a folder named ‘cli' inside of the controllers folder.
<?php class Reminders extends CI_Controller { public function __construct() { parent::__construct(); $this->load->library('input'); $this->load->library('email'); $this->load->model('Appointment_model'); } public function index() { if(!$this->input->is_cli_request()) { echo "This script can only be accessed via the command line" . PHP_EOL; return; } $timestamp = strtotime("+1 days"); $appointments = $this->Appointment_model->get_days_appointments($timestamp); if(!empty($appointments)) { foreach($appointments as $appointment) { $this->email->set_newline("\r
"); $this->email->to($appointment->email); $this->email->from("youremail@example.com"); $this->email->subject("Appointment Reminder"); $this->email->message("You have an appointment tomorrow"); $this->email->send(); $this->Appointment_model->mark_reminded($appointment->id); } } } }
Whenever you call this command line script, it will set an email to all people who have an appointment the next day. It will also mark their appointments as reminded to ensure that we do not send multiple emails to the same individual for the same appointment.
Setting up a Cron Job (Scheduled Task)
We would like to call this command line script once a day, at 1 pm. You can edit the cron jobs your server runs with the following command:
crontab -e
each line of the crontab file takes six arguments, which are, in order:
minutes (0 to 59)
hours (0 to 23)
day of month (1 to 31)
month (1 to 12)
day of week (0 – 6)
command (command to be executed)
you can use commas to seperate multiple values (so 1,3,5 in the day of week field will be every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday) , dashes to represent ranges(so 09-17 in the hour field means every hour on the hour from 9am to 5pm) and * for wildcards. (so * in the hours fields means every hour on the hour)
Since we would like this script to run once a day at 1pm, our new entry into the crontab file would look like this:
0 13 * * * php [application_path]/index.php cli/reminders
And now we can send out appointment reminders once a day. This Article Has a lot of good examples for other ways to set up your scheduled tasks.
I also have a small helper file I use in CodeIgniter to make formatting output easier. You can check it out over on Github.
cli_helper on Github
Stourbridge Newsquest NUJ chapel has passed a motion opposing compulsory redundancies. They said that NUJ members will not accept assignments normally given to professional photographers.
The motion followed Newsquest's plan to cut four photographer roles down to one full-time equivalent on its Worcester titles.
It said:
"We, as the Stourbridge Newsquest NUJ chapel, resolve to remind Newsquest that as a chapel we are opposed to compulsory redundancies within the editorial department at Newsquest Stourbridge. "Should the company make compulsory redundancies the chapel has resolved to meet and consider the possibility of industrial action. "We also wish to make it clear that, as reporters, we are opposed to the replacement of professional photographers by other staff. Therefore, NUJ members have resolved not to accept assignments which would normally be given to professional photographers."
Other chapels are expected to follow suit as staff photographers and picture desk staff are being targeted for redundancy across the UK.
Recent announcements by various state governments of their intent to waive farm loans to varying extents have been strongly criticised by the media and other commentators. In this article, Dr Pronab Sen examines the validity of the claims on which this opposition is based.
In the last couple of months, the pink press in India has gone to town against a series of announcements by various state governments declaring their intent to waive farm loans to a greater or lesser extent. It all began with the newly elected Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh (UP) making this their first substantive economic announcement, in keeping with their party's manifesto, despite the fact that there was no overt demand from UP farmers at that stage. Since then, farmer agitations and suicides have snowballed across the country compelling one state government after another to consider this as a serious option for relieving farmers' distress.
Oddly enough, the media and other commentators recognise the reality of farmers' distress, but take serious exception to farm loan waivers as a means of addressing the problem. The position taken by India's elite is best summed up in the words of the Governor of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI): "I think it (farm loan waiver) undermines an honest credit culture, it impacts credit discipline, it blunts incentives for future borrowers to repay, in other words, waivers engender moral hazard. It also entails at the end of the day transfer from tax payers to borrowers. If on account of this, overall Government borrowing goes up, yields on Government bonds also are impacted. Thereafter it can also lead to the crowding out of private borrowers as higher government borrowing can lead to an increase in cost of borrowing for others. I think we need to create a consensus such that loan waiver promises are eschewed, otherwise sub-sovereign fiscal challenges in this context could eventually affect the national balance sheet." (Press Conference, 6 April 2017).
These are ominous words. Different aspects of this view have been picked up by different interlocutors to create a new and frightening urban legend. What is worrisome is that no one seems to have deemed it fit to critically examine the validity of these claims in the very specific context in which the loan waivers are being considered. Perhaps it is time to do so.
The first point that needs to be made, and made forcefully, is that this is not the first time that farm loan waivers are being given. Therefore, it is possible to subject its effects to empirical validation. The second is that even if all such effects are valid, they need to be evaluated against the counterfactual – namely, what is the likely outcome if these waivers are not granted? Third, surely somebody should ask whether these repeated instances of farm loan waivers are a symptom of mindless political populism or do they point to a more fundamental problem in the design of farm loans in India?
Credit culture and moral hazard1
We do not need to go too far back to assess the impact of waivers on farmers' willingness to repay – the last such incident was in 2009-10, when the country was hit by the worst drought in 35 years. In the seven years that have passed since then, there is no evidence whatsoever that farm loan repayments have slackened in any sense or that repeated demands are being made for waivers, not even during the two-year drought period of 2014-20162. This feature has in fact been true post every farm loan waiver in the past. In other words, there is no empirical support for the proposition that such waivers seriously erode farmers' 'credit culture'. Trotting out this argument purely as a theoretical proposition without any empirical support raises serious doubts about the attitudes of the interlocutors.
Does this then mean that Indian farmers are in some sense ethically superior to the homo economicus whose behaviour has led to the formulation of the 'moral hazard' proposition; or is it that the theory is simply being applied wrongly? Without going into ethical standards, there is no doubt that the theory has been misapplied. Credit culture and moral hazard are attributes of individual behaviour, which are more relevant to the 'regulatory forbearance' which RBI has routinely been extending to corporate loans than to this particular form of farm loan waiver3. Such farm loan waivers are never granted to individual farmers, but to farmers as a class by a third party, namely the government. Thus, if any individual farmer does not repay their loan on the expectation that the loan will be waived, they are exposing themselves to the normal consequences of loan default if the government does not oblige.
Given the history, it is pertinent to ask why this demand is being made now. Is it an indicator of deteriorating credit culture? The answer is no. The policy framework for farm loans has a provision that in cases where the central government declares a drought, farm loans are rolled over, initially for a year, and up to a maximum of three years4. This is not a blanket provision. It applies only to farmers in officially designated "affected districts". This provision has been invoked during the last two drought years, thereby alleviating farmer distress to some extent. The year 2016-17 is different. There was no drought or any other natural calamity. The farmers' problems are almost entirely the outcome of demonetisation, which means that there was no clear geographical demarcation, that is, practically all farmers have suffered, and there has been no rolling over of their loans. As a consequence, farmers across the country have to either agitate or face the prospect of default.
This is not a case of weakening credit culture or of moral hazard. It is the outcome of the simple fact that: while the government is willing to provide for 'acts of God', it is not willing to do so for an 'act of State' or force majeure5. If anything, the State is in denial.
If loans are not waived…
What about the economic consequences? Agricultural loans by banks in India are compulsorily insured by the Agricultural Insurance Company of India (AIC), which means that even if loans are not waived, there is no loss to banks. However, as things stand, the AIC's insurance cover for banks is by no means an actuarial product, in the sense that expected losses and gains are balanced out across clients and over time. Moreover, AIC is seriously under-capitalised and simply does not have the financial resources to cover large-scale defaults. Its liabilities are back-stopped by the central government through budgetary support.
Therefore, in situations where farmer distress is widespread and acute enough to lead to substantial defaults, the Centre will have to step in and provide the necessary funds. This too will entail "transfer from tax payers to borrowers" and increased "overall Government borrowing". The difference is that while loan waivers are borne by states, defaults are borne by the Centre. The second, and more important, difference is that while waivers absolve the farmer of all liability, defaults entail serious consequences such as loss of collateral, if any, and loss of access to future bank loans.
In evaluating the merits of these alternatives, two considerations then become relevant: (a) the magnitude of government pay-outs; and (b) the consequence on the farmers. The loan waiver option almost always suffers from 'errors of inclusion' in that it covers even those farmers who do not need the write-off6. Consequently, the magnitude of government pay-outs is likely to be significantly higher than in the default option. The latter, however, imposes a heavy penalty on the most distressed and the most vulnerable, forcing them out of access to formal credit and possibly out of farming as well.
This is not just an ethical issue - it has economic consequences as well which seem to have completely eluded the policymakers and commentators. Much of our agricultural strategy has been based upon persuading Indian farmers to move away from traditional subsistence agriculture towards more commercial operations. 'Diversification' has been the mool mantra7 of the government's agriculture policy for at least the last 20 years. This is not just a strategy for improving farmer livelihoods, it is essential for providing the products that are increasingly demanded as incomes rise, especially in urban areas. India has experienced a decade of food inflation since the mid-2000s, which is a precursor of what will happen if the process of agricultural diversification is retarded.
Any shift away from subsistence farming necessarily entails the farmers investing much more and taking higher risks than they would have otherwise. Traditional sources of farm finance, such as moneylenders, can neither provide the requisite volume of funds nor do they allow enough margins to make risk-taking worthwhile8. Shutting out a large number of farmers from access to formal credit and pushing them back into the arms of moneylenders can, therefore, set back the process of agricultural commercialisation and diversification, with its attendant implication on food inflation.
The choice is clear: on the one hand, there is the RBI Governor's doomsday scenario; and, on the other, the prospect of sustained food inflation and the consequent tight monetary policy9. On the economic front, therefore, it appears to be a Hobson's choice, but on the ethical front it is a no-brainer.
The 'sub-sovereign' dilemma
There is a certain 'holier than thou' flavour to the words of the RBI Governor which finds echo in the Finance Minister's flat refusal to assist the states with the loan waivers. This is cynical at best, since there is now a consensus that the present crisis is largely the outcome of demonetisation, in which both the Minister and the Governor were complicit. It almost equals in arrogance the famous American dictum: "it may be our currency, but it's your problem"10.
At the heart of this problem are Constitutional provisions whereby the health of the banks is the Centre's concern while the health of the farmers is that of the states. This division of responsibility is asymmetric in that if states protect the interest of farmers, they also protect the banks; while the Centre can protect the banks without concern for the farmers. As a result, the ball is always in the states' court, and the Centre can simply stand back and watch if it so desires.
This state of affairs is not conducive to the health of the country as a whole. The Centre and states need to work together to evolve a farm loan model which protects both the farmers and the banks without bringing politics into it. This is the essence of 'cooperative federalism' that this government sets such store by. Until such time, farm loan waivers need to be viewed less ideologically and with more compassion.
Notes:
0 0 Share with your friends Submit
Chaos begins early nationwide, with a robbery, mace and shots fired on the biggest shopping day of the year
The frenzy for Black Friday deals has started early this year, and with it, reports of injury and madness from across the country.
In Los Angeles, California, a woman is being sought by police in connection to a pepper spray incident in Wal-Mart. When a crowd of people started getting to close to the items the accused woman wanted, they unleashed a cloud of mace to fend off the fellow shoppers. About 20 of the shoppers were injured, including children, according to police. “Somehow they were trying to use [the pepper spray] to gain an upper hand,” Lieutenant Abel Parga said.
One eyewitness told reporters, “I guess what triggered it was people started pulling the plastic off the pallets and then shoving and bombarding the display of games. It started with people pushing and screaming because they were getting shoved onto the boxes,” they added. “People started screaming, pulling and pushing each other, and then the whole area filled up with pepper spray.”
Later in the night, around 2 a.m., shots were fired near the Cross Creek Mall in Fayetteville, North Carolina, as shoppers were beginning to congregate. No one was hurt in the shooting, however the Cumberland County Sheriff's Office said that one of the suspects continued to fire their gun as they ran into the mall, according to the Associated Press.
advertisement
In Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, one woman wasn't as lucky. As a woman was being mugged outside a steakhouse, a suspect in the robbery fired several warning shots. One of the stray bullets struck a woman, who was standing outside a near by Wal-Mart, in the foot. Another hit a 25 year-old man. Both of the victims were taken to 25-year-old man were taken to Grand Strand Regional Medical Center for treatment, according to the Herald Online.
In L.A., the Wal-Mart didn't close, despite the pepper spray incident, and it certainly did not stop determined bargain hunters.
“I don't care,” one shopper told reporters. “I'm still getting my TV.”
Looks like this 100-million-year old spider didn't get to enjoy its final meal.
Trapped in a piece of amber, the juvenile spider appears to be on the cusp of devouring a male wasp that was caught in its web. Such a grisly scene between spider and prey has never before been found in the fossil record.
The amazing snapshot shows an event that occurred in the Early Cretaceous period, about 97 to 110 million years ago, in the Hukawng Valley of Myanmar, "almost certainly with dinosaurs wandering nearby," as the press release about this discovery reports. The spider is a social orb-weaver spider, formally known as Geratonephila burmanica, and its victim is a wasp of the species Cascoscelio incassus. Both species are extinct today but the fossil suggests that insect behavior from the past is not too different from the present.
Related wasp species are known to parasitize spider eggs, so there is some poetic justice in the spider's attack. “This was the wasp's worst nightmare, and it never ended. The wasp was watching the spider just as it was about to be attacked, when tree resin flowed over and captured both of them,” said entomologist George Poinar Jr. of Oregon State University in the release.
This latest fossil doesn't just capture the dramatic spider attack but also evidence of spider social life in the Early Cretaceous. Another spider, an adult male, is captured some distance away in the amber, co-habiting on the same web as the juvenile. Males of modern-day social orb-weavers are typically found living on female-constructed webs, where they assist in capturing insects and maintaining the web.
Droplets on the fossil web also contain aerial plankton (pollen, spores and dust particles) from the time. A paper about the discovery appears Oct. 8 in the journal Historical Biology.
Image: Oregon Sate University
News » Marijuana Caregiver Suing Over City's Law
Paul Schmidt, a medical marijuana caregiver in Helena, Montana is suing the city for discrimination against MMJ businesses based on licensing rules. They contend that because a caregiver is required to be non-profit, requiring a business license to operate is counter to state law.
Helena city code requires all profit businesses to register for a license and the city has refused licenses to caregivers based on another code requiring all businesses to be in compliance with federal law, which does not recognize medical marijuana.
This bureaucratic loophole has been used to shut down or fine several caregivers within the city. Schmidt's cooperative, Sleeping Giant Caregivers, which provides marijuana to more than 300 patients.
[source The Independent Record, Helenair]
Tags: caregiver, Helena, medical, MMJ, Montana
Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE). It's fairly cheap to implement, power effective, well supported on current smartphones, and for small packets of data it's fast enough and plays well with Arduino.
Well, to a degree, just like how Arduino “plays well” with ethernet and WiFi, provided your not dealing with more than a few dozen bytes at time, the Arduino usually can hold it's own within the 2 KB-ish SRAM that comes onboard.
What if your sending it ton more data like a webpage, or very verbose commands? These require hundreds of bytes to be parsed through the Arduino's Micro-controller at a time. You'll most likely run into a Heap Crash. Simply put, more data is needing to be stored on the Arduino at a moment when there isn't the space to hold it. The Micro-controller then locks up, your LEDs or what ever is attached go all wonky, and serial output gets garbled or just stops until the Arduino is reset. And this will happen again and again.'
The root of the problem is that the Microcontroller on the Arduino usually only have 2 KB (yep Killobytes ). I'm working with an Arduino Micro, which has 2.5KB of SRAM. To give perspective, this page with images is still several hundred or a thousand KBs big. Every character is one byte. My Arduino Micro could hold up to around 2,500 characters in it's SRAM. Granted there wouldn't be room for any thing else. No cool libraries, no room for logic operations, nada. You get nothing, YOU LOSE SIR!
A few things can be done on the programming side of things. You can store any strings in flash memory (PROGMEM or program memory) using the F() function, try to only declare constant variables in the functions that need them, and many other things as well.
But when everything programatticaly can't be used to free up every byte of SRAM on the Micro-controller, then the next thing to do is re-evaluate your hardware choices. At this point I could of decided to move to a Teensy, Electric Imp, Spark Core (my photon is on Pre-order 🙂 ),or, any other prototyping platform that innately has the SRAM needed on board for large data transactions.
Or I could externalize more SRAM outside the Arduino via SPI. I'm pretty sure I'm going to get flamed pretty hard by some people for this. If so, please leave your constructive feedback in the comments.
There were a few reasons I went the route I did. One, I wasn't in the mood to order and wait for a beefier Micro-controller to show up. Two, the libraries and examples I'd cited and drawn inspiration from
are all written for Arduino. Three, actually for the most part the Arduino is being under utilized. So far, my project hasn't presented a need for a Micro-controller that's faster or has more GPIO's. I only need more SRAM. Just that one thing.
I do the googling, and eventually I wind up ordering a few samples of Microchip's 23A256 256 Kbit SPI interfaced SRAM chips. This IC had a written library from the Arduino Playground, which looked promising.
One snag though, the 23A256 operates at 3.3v and the data sheet doesn't exactly pride it with being 5v tolerant on the data lines. My project is running @ 5v, so meh, gotta use a logic level converter. I ordered this one from SparkFun. There are few different ways of doing this using resistors, buffers, etc. This was the most cost effective option that didn't require me to consume another data sheet to understand how it works and why it's so reliable.
Time passes, stars align and alas I'm at my bench following data sheets and examples wiring the SPI SRAM to my Arduino Micro via a logic-level converter. Yay, so much work for so little cool factor(no blinky, buzzy, or other cool shit. Just chips and wires ).
I run the example 23A256 test sketch from the Arduino Playground. It doesn't work. I poke at it and my circuit for about two hours. Nothing. Efff it, I'll just do it my self. (Lesson learned, give up on things given to you for free sooner.)
I wrote a test that read a byte from the first address of the SRAM IC (0X0000), wrote a random value from 0-255, read it back, and then moved on to the next address (0x0001) and repeated until it got to the last address (0x7FFF). To verify that I was indeed writing and reading from/to the 23A256, I disconnected the MISO line and got all 0xFF for the values reading back. Reconnected it, and it went back to reading and writing the values from the external SRAM Yay! Win!
So now I can just drop the BLE board into the design, write a few functions for reading and writing bytes too and from the BLE interface to the SRAM and move on to the victory dance. But, nope.
Reading data from the SRAM was just showing up as 0xFF. I did a number of things that I can't really recall because they didn't work. I throw my hands up and venture out to the Adafruit support forums. Adafruit support Mike and Paul Stoffregen came to the rescue. Evidently I'd forgotten that SPI four different modes (essentially predefined settings for timing signals on the SPI bus).
The Bluefruit LE module uses mode 1, while the SRAM uses mode 0. When the BLE.begin() function is run, it intiaties the SPI library to use mode 1. What needs to happen is that when data is being transacted between external SRAM and Arduino that the SPI bus needs to be set to MODE_0 and set back to MODE_1 once the transaction as completed.
This exactly is the new functionality that Paul Stoffregen wrote into the SPI library. I downloaded the files from github for the Adafruit nrf8001 (Bluefruit LE) and SPI library and added them to my Arduino IDE.
I modified the Adafruit Echo Demo that took whatever byte was being passed out the BLE buffer into an arbitrary location on the SRAM and to read it back through the Serial Monitor.
This is screen shot of my Serial Monitor. The characters not in brackets are the bytes read straight from the BLE interface, while the characters in brackets have been routed from the BLE interface, into SRAM (at an arbitrary address), read back and outputted through the serial monitor. And it doesn't…drop…a…beat.
So, then happy ending right? Bytes are able to be sent from the BLE breakout to SRAM instantly, there isn't really an apparent delay in data moving between the two from what I can observe in the Serial Monitor. I think, “Okay, so it's time to drop this into my application and everything should be fine.”
Well, well, do I have a story to tell about that. But it's going to require a deep dive into the SRAM's datasheet and whole new conversation about optimization and trade-offs. Stay tuned, the second part is coming soon!
Advertisements
Former first daughter Chelsea Clinton reportedly is being mooted as a future congressional candidate.
The New York Post reported that Clinton, 36, is being eyed to take Rep. Nita Lowey's place when the 79-year-old incumbent decides to leave the House of Representatives.
Lowey represents New York's 17th District, which covers part of Westchester County, including Bill and Hillary Clinton's hometown of Chappaqua. The Post reported that the Clintons have purchased the home next door to theirs, in which they plan to install Chelsea, their husband and their two children.
Chelsea Clinton currently lives, and is registered to vote, in Manhattan. They introduced Hillary Clinton when their mother accepted the Democratic nomination for president at this summer's national convention in Philadelphia.
"Chelsea would be the next extension of the Clinton brand," the Post quoted a source as saying. "While politics isn't the life Hillary wanted for Chelsea, they chose to go on the campaign trail for their mother and has turned out to be very poised, articulate and comfortable with the visibility."
Chelsea themselves has not ruled out seeking public office, telling Buzzfeed in 2014 that "I find it pretty discouraging that almost none of my friends think about running for public office as an option."
Click for more from the New York Post.
The treaty signed between Queen Victoria and my ancestors in 1899 covered an area of northern Canada three-and-a-half times the size of Great Britain. It guaranteed that my people "shall have right to pursue their usual vocations of hunting, trapping and fishing throughout the tract". Today, however, hunters stay away from the few moose that still roam the forests near our small community, afraid that the meat will poison their children. I remember drinking from the lake as a small child. Now, when I return to my homeland with my own young daughter, we're told not to swim because it's too toxic. This is the legacy of Canada's tar sands development in a place where my people have always lived and which is home to dozens of other First Nation communities living downstream from the sprawling tar pits. And while our people may be among the first to pay for the excesses of squeezing our earth for its last drops of oil, we won't be the last.
Global financiers betting on the tar sands are killing our last, the best chance at maintaining a livable climate for everybody. As cheaper, more conventional global crude oil supplies continue to decline, an unprecedented glut of investment dollars is sloshing into the tar sands. Industry analysts expect more than $100bn (£60bn) to be invested in doubling tar sands oil production by 2020.
Fully developing these sticky oil deposits will require clear-cutting or degrading largely intact primary boreal forests covering an area the size of England. Extracting and processing just one barrel of tar sands oil requires the energy equivalent of three barrels of natural gas and two to four barrels of water, and results in a carbon footprint up to five times greater than conventional crude.
So who's behind the unprecedented expansion in the tar sands? Who are the ruthless business people throwing money at the dead-end industry poisoning our planet and trampling the rights of my community and others? Look no further than the mirror. UK taxpayers can count themselves among the biggest financial backers of the planet's most polluting industrial projects due to their majority ownership of the Royal Bank of Scotland. Since UK taxpayers bailed out RBS after it imploded one year ago, it has underwritten more than £1.6bn in debt for companies operating in the tar sands.
Today, on the anniversary of RBS becoming majority-owned by the public, 40 public figures from the UK have signed a letter to Alistair Darling, the chancellor, urging them to stop the bank from using public money to finance tar sands development, and other fossil fuel projects around the world that are having devastating impacts on the climate, local habitats and communities.
Proceeds from these deals are funding some of the most aggressive and controversial expansion projects in the tar sands. Backed by £1bn in debt underwritten by RBS this year, ConocoPhillips aims to expand production from its three tar sands projects eightfold by 2015. These are the same projects at issue in a lawsuit brought by the Beaver Lake Cree Nation seeking an injunction to end the wholesale destruction of their ancestral lands, and citing more than 17,000 infringements of the community's constitutionally protected treaty rights. RBS also underwrote $378m (£299m) in debt issued by Norway's Statoil in March of this year, just two months before the Norwegian parliament considered a motion to suspend the company's tar sands projects due to climate concerns.
As world leaders come together two weeks from now in Copenhagen, we all should take a moment to consider the way ahead. Do we go the well-worn path of big oil, ever further into the last pristine corners of the earth for our last fossil-fuel fix? Or do we forge a new path, towards a future that honours the land and the legacy of our ancestors? I hope the UK will put its money where its mouth is by pulling RBS's business out of the tar sands.
A campaign poster used in Cambodia. Investigators say Australia has a greater involvement in Cambodia's orphanages than any other nation through Australians running them directly, volunteering or donating. About 72 per cent of the 10,000 children living in Cambodia's estimated 600 orphanages have a parent, although most are portrayed as orphans to capitalise on the goodwill of foreign tourists and volunteers, including thousands of Australians, research shows. Up to 300 of these centres are operating illegally and flouting a push by government and United Nations agencies for children to be reunited with their parents. The managers of several respected Australian-run orphanages are alarmed by the situation and note that the number of orphanages has increased 65 per cent in the past five years while the number of orphans has reduced dramatically as Cambodia recovered from genocide, invasion and an AIDS epidemic.
The largest Australian-run centres include Sunrise Children's Villages, Hagar, Hope for Cambodian Children and Kampuchea House. Fairfax Media is not suggesting any of these homes is being investigated. One of the first orphanages investigated was the Love In Action centre, an Australian-run orphanage in Phnom Penh, where there were allegations of children being beaten and neglected. The centre's 71-year-old Victorian founder, Ruth Golder, is under investigation after 21 children were taken away from their centre in a raid on March 22. They strongly deny any abuse took place. The orphanage, which has links to the Christian Outreach Centre in Australia, had operated illegally for years from donations from Australians. There is growing criticism in Cambodia and other developing countries about so-called ''orphan tourism'' and ''volunteer tourism'', where thinly disguised businesses exploit both tourists and volunteers. Visitors who have undergone no background checks can walk into dozens of Cambodia's orphanages and be left alone with children who are being described by child welfare workers as Cambodia's stolen generation. Donors also take children away for outings - sometimes overnight - leaving them open to sexual abuse, investigators say.
In the Children's Umbrella Centre Organisation orphanage on the outskirts of Phnom Penh, children were lined up last year and strangers who had donated to the centre were invited to pick any before driving away with four, investigators say. The centre, which had an open sewer in a compound where children slept, has been closed. While many orphanages are well run, enforce child protection policies and have strict rules for visitors, almost all are largely unregulated in a country where state institutions are weak and no qualifications are required to set up an orphanage or children's centre. On the streets of Siem Reap in north-western Cambodia, children playing traditional instruments are led by men with signs declaring ''support our orphans''. Anyone who donates is invited to visit nearby orphanages. ''We believe this is dangerous because the children are not orphans and should not be there in the first place,'' said Sebastien Marot, executive director of Friends-International, a non-government organisation conducting a campaign to warn tourists and volunteers that children are not tourist attractions.
Mr Meldrum said unscrupulous orphanage operators had adopted a business model where the centres got more money from international donors if they had more children. They said orphanage recruiters would approach poor, often rural, families promising the centre could offer their children education, food, clothing and a chance for a better life. ''There are many reports of cash transactions for the child, though it is usually referred to as a donation to the family,'' they said. Several international studies have found that children should be living in their communities with family members, relatives or foster families except in extreme circumstances. A study by Save the Children found that institutional care should only be used for children as a ''last resort and only then if it is of a high standard and in the best interests of the individual child''.
Studies also show that in most orphanages children are taught a foreign language, religion and Western culture that leaves them struggling to cope in Cambodia's Buddhist community when they are eventually released, often when they turn 18. Mr Marot said Cambodia was particularly vulnerable ''because it is suffering from the victim syndrome where everyone thinks the country is still coming out of war. Everyone comes here with this attitude towards Cambodia as this victimised country where all the children are in miserable and horrible situations, which is not the case any more.'' But Geraldine Cox, who runs two Sunrise Children's Villages in Cambodia, said while the Friends' campaign had merit it ''does not take into account the many orphanage centres which are well run and rely on visits by tourists to survive''. They said visitors should be discouraged from visiting centres where receipts for donations are not given, photo identifications are not requested and where a visitor cannot see annual financial reports. American missionary Cathleen Jones came to Cambodia 20 years ago to run an orphanage with 120 children but soon ''started realising these kids had parents and families and they wanted to be with them''.
Now their Children In Families organisation works to find Cambodian homes for children through kinship or permanent and long-term foster care for children who cannot be reunited with their parents. ''If there is no imminent danger to the child they or they should not be removed, even if the family is dysfunctional,'' Ms Jones said, adding that many orphanages refused to release children once they were in their care even if a family environment was available. ''They are kept for years,'' they said. Mr Marot said the people who ran some orphanages ''keep the kids looking poor … badly dressed in order to attract sympathy from you in order to get your money.'' ''It's a lucrative business. The children are the assets,'' they said.
Volunteer placement organisations promote volunteer tourism as a way for travellers to ''make a difference'' and have experiences that are ''life changing and rewarding''. Volunteers pay several thousand dollars for a two-week visit, while some stay many months. But Mr Marot said visitors were doing things with children at the centres that were banned in their own countries. ''Imagine if a busload of Chinese turned up at a school in Australia, played with the children, spoke to them in Chinese, pushed them to eat rice and fish and took photographs with them and splashed them all over Facebook?'' Mr Marot said. ''The parents would go berserk.''
Cambodian government agencies, including the Ministry of Social Affairs, and SISHA late last year set up a committee to identify, investigate and close harmful unregistered orphanages, while adopting guidelines for standards of residential care in registered centres that are comparable with those in Western countries. They have compiled a list of centres they plan to raid and close. Jenny McAuley, chairperson of Hope for Cambodian Children Foundation, which runs an orphanage in Battambang province for AIDS-affected children, welcomed the government's crackdown on unregistered orphanages and the push to return children to their parents, saying it ''rightly articulates that the best place for children to grow up is in their families and local communities''. Ms McAuley, who has worked in children protection for 30 years, said it was ''quite arrogant for people from a developed country to go to a developing country and set up a service without reference to the government about what they are doing''. ''I think government agencies are quite right to be annoyed about it … It's a form of colonisation,'' they said.
May, 21, who sells books to tourists on Phnom Penh's riverfront, spent four years in a centre for abused children in the city. They said it was good - they learnt to speak a little English - but conditions were strict and they were allowed to visit to their parents only about twice a year. ''They told my parents I would be away for a year, but I stayed four years, until I was 19,'' they said. ''I was very sad for all that time, because I missed my family.'' ■Lindsay Murdoch is Fairfax Media's south-east Asia correspondent.
Electric carmaker Tesla (s TSLA) Motors delivered a record number — over 5,150 — of its Model S cars to customers in the second quarter, and also disclosed a surprise: better-than-expected earnings, which were announced just after market close on Wednesday. As a result Tesla's shares jumped over 12 percent in after hours trading to around $150.
Tesla posted a net loss for the second quarter (on a GAAP basis) of $30.50 million, or 26 cents per share. The loss followed on Tesla's first profit ever (on a GAAP basis) in the first quarter of this year, but was a smaller loss than expected. Gross margin rose to 22 percent (non-GAAP) up from 17 percent last quarter. Tesla CEO Elon Musk said on a call that the company is confident it will get to its goal of 25 percent gross margin later this year.
Advertisement
Revenue dropped in the second quarter partly because of reduced sales of zero emission vehicle (ZEV) credits to automakers. But because increasing production of the Model S significantly from 400 per week to close to 500 per week helped to make up for the ZEV short fall. Tesla said it delivered 600 more Model S cars than expected in the quarter.
Europe got its first Model S cars this week, Tesla said, with the first vehicles going to Norway. Tesla said “in Norway alone, we expect to deliver almost 800 vehicles this year based on current orders.” Tesla also said over the next few weeks it would install its first European superchargers in Norway.
There are now 13,000 Model S cars on the roads in North America, and if demand in Asia matches demand in Europe and North America, Tesla could sell 40,000 Model S cars per year by late 2014, it said.
Interestingly enough, a third of the vehicles delivered in the second quarter took advantage of Tesla's new leasing/financing program. Tesla also said that it will pilot its battery swapping tech — unveiled in June — in California this year.
Finally, because of strong demand, Tesla plans to spend $150 million in the second half of 2013 on capital expenditures, including buying 31 acres next to its Fremont factory for expansion.
On the call Musk said that Tesla is “hard at work” on the Model X, refining the design, and it expects to deliver small numbers at end of 2014, with volume production in 2015.
Editor: "How do you feel about some PR next week?"
Me (thinking): Public Relations? Did I do something wrong? Are they drafting a letter for me to sign and awkwardly read in the HR department? Maybe I'll pull an Al Davis and read it off an overhead projector, Lane-Gate style.
Editor: "So, you're doing the Power Rankings. Oh yeah, and we're gonna need you to work on Sunday. OK, great. Try to get the article in early, too."
Weekend = destroyed. Social life = same. What about you all out there?
Harrison: Divisional threats Elliot Harrison runs through the league to find potential challengers to last season's eight division champions.
runs through the league to find potential challengers to last season's eight division champions. More ...
Another June weekend devoid of football -- for most of us, anyway -- left a lot of people watching the Stanley Cup Finals. This after the Miami Heat won another NBA title. I was overjoyed for LeBron, except not at all.
Despite everything going on in the sports world, there's still plenty of NFL noise, especially with every team closing out minicamp and entering summer hibernation with a bunch of questions.
Yep, Michael Crabtree could be gone for the year, Ben Roethlisberger had the ole arthroscopic treatment, and Aaron Hernandez is just plain under the public microscope. Who knows how the Patriots will be affected by all of this, but the general uncertainty in New England called for a drop in these rankings. Of course, that's not the only notable development below -- there's plenty of movement, starting at the very top.
Hit us up with your thoughts: @Harrison_NFL is the place.
NOTE: The following pecking order reflects changes from the May 2 Power Rankings, which were compiled just after the 2013 NFL Draft.
RANK 2 49ERS 1 The Crabtree injury leaves those who feel the 49ers are the best team in football in a pickle. The jury is out on A.J. Jenkins, who knows when Mario Manningham will be ready, and Vernon Davis might play wide receiver. Great, a 250-pound wideout. This is where still having Delanie Walker on the roster to play tight end would be nice. And here you see that one spot in the universe where injuries meet salary cap, and it ain't pretty.
RANK 3 BRONCOS It will be interesting to see how this new middle of the defensive line -- free-agent acquisition Terrance Knighton and rookie Sylvester Williams -- makes its presence felt in 2013.
On another note, I'm guessing all of us strutted into work a little lighter after seeing Willis McGahee talk of being the Week 1 starter ... two days before getting released. I might have engaged in some corporate boot-licking myself after that deal. I'm not above it.
RANK 4 FALCONS The Atlanta Falcons will sign Richard Seymour around the time the new Star Wars movie comes out, when J.J. Abrams transforms the cocky, charismatic Han Solo into an introverted CPA. Surprised more people aren't ticked about what Abrams did to Spock's character. Equally surprised Seymour isn't in Atlanta. What a nice career he's had, and what an appropriate addition he'd be to the Falcons' 4-3.
RANK 5 PACKERS 1 Oh, Greg Jennings and Aaron Rodgers -- such funny guys. But when Jennings says he'd take Brett Favre over Rodgers -- even if it's all in good fun -- this predictably sparks the tired debate over who is the better Green Bay Packers quarterback. My question to Packers fans: Is either the greatest Green Bay QB of all time? Bart Starr went 9-1 in the postseason, people, winning five NFL championship games and two Super Bowls.
RANK 9 BENGALS 1 Andre Smith got their money. Thus begins the nervous hand-wringing over Smith's motivation -- or lack thereof. Skipping out on the club's minicamp, Smith received some hefty fines. Cincinnati Bengals fans really shouldn't worry about Smith, though. The fines are nothing their three-year, $18 million contract won't cover. He'll still be able to pay their On Demand charges.
RANK 10 REDSKINS 1 With each passing practice video of Robert Griffin III that hits the tube, confidence grows that they will be 100 percent ready and productive by Week 1, with no ill effects from that surgically repaired knee. Meanwhile, judging from pictures of the QB in their skin-tight workout shirts, RGIII really needs to start working out. No muscle tone whatsoever on that guy.
RANK 11 VIKINGS 1 Cordarrelle Patterson has impressed a few folks at Minnesota Vikings practice. Vikes fans are salivating over the prospect of Patterson starting Week 1, alongside prized free-agent acquisition Greg Jennings and big tight end Kyle Rudolph. Not trying to be a Negative Nancy here, but he's running around in shorts with a helmet on -- contact not included. So let's refrain from sounding the big Gjallarhorn quite yet.
RANK 14 DOLPHINS 1 Still high on the Miami Dolphins, but 14 is as high as we go on potential. The Fins are certainly a threat to the Patriots in the East, but a bunch of free-agent signees frolicking around in gym shorts and a 2012 record of 7-9 is not enough to leapfrog the Colts or Bears in these rankings. Heard some good things about a returnee, though. Armon Binns is practicing well and making a play for the slot, potentially giving this team an inside complement to Mike Wallace and Brian Hartline.
RANK 18 STEELERS 1 Ben Roethlisberger looks to be OK after having that procedure on their knee. Like them or not, any fan has to admit Big Ben is tough. Sometimes that's not the best thing, as Roethlisberger can say he's fine when he's not all the way ready. The Pittsburgh Steelers should let them sit often during training camp. After all, how much is camp going to do for a 10th-year veteran with two Super Bowl rings? Give rookie Landry Jones a longer look.
RANK 19 SAINTS 2 Victor Butler might not be a household name, but the New Orleans Saints certainly were relying on their presence in 2013. New defensive coordinator Rob Ryan brought Butler over from Dallas to give the weak New Orleans pass rush a shot in the arm. Now that's over. Will Smith really has to tear it up this season for the defense to play anywhere close to the offense.
RANK 20 BUCCANEERS There's been a lot of talk about Josh Freeman hitting the open market in 2014. Part of the issue with Freeman -- specifically how premium of player they are (and what kind of premium the Tampa Bay Buccaneers are willing to pay) -- is not their issue at all. With RGIII, Russell Wilson and Andrew Luck lighting the football world on fire, expectations for all young QBs have shot through the roof. Freeman has been viable, throwing 27 touchdown passes last season. Freeman's main issue -- and what fans are waiting for -- is taking that step forward from decent starter to franchise-esque player. If Freeman finishes the 2013 season strong, there will be pressure to throw a lot of money in that direction. Hmm.
RANK 22 PANTHERS 1 Jonathan Stewart's injured ankles are a bit bothersome. With DeAngelo Williams recently turning 30, and the Carolina Panthers expected to half-junk the read-option, the club needs a classic running game on some level. As mentioned often, Cam Newton should not be the No. 1 rushing option. New offensive coordinator Mike Shula told the Charlotte Observer they want their quarterback to be able to "play fast," but that doesn't necessarily mean with the football tucked under their arm.
RANK 24 BROWNS The Cleveland Browns went about practice sessions a bit differently under Rob Chudzinski and Norv Turner. Differently? OK, call it faster. Turner desires two things: 1) getting the play called expeditiously, and more importantly, 2) training Brandon Weeden to get the ball out of their hand quicker. Playing with a sense of urgency -- a trait from Turner's tenure as Jimmy Johnson's offensive coordinator in Dallas.
RANK 25 LIONS The Louis Delmas health concerns have surfaced again. The Detroit Lions expect the veteran safety to be the leader on defense -- a dicey proposition considering their knees might not allow them to play a full slate of games. Hopefully, this guy doesn't become anything close to a Bob Sanders 2.0 -- an impact safety who played 50 games ... and missed 78.
RANK 26 CARDINALS Interesting story coming out of Arizona Cardinals minicamp regarding wide receiver Ryan Swope. The sixth-round pick out of Texas A&M is long on ability ... and maybe a little short on luck. With Andre Roberts at the 2 and Michael Floyd still developing, Swope has a real shot to make noise as a rookie. Unfortunately, lingering concussion symptoms are preventing the kid from showing what they can do. Now you know why the NFL is so strict on the helmet-to-helmet stuff. To be perfectly clear, this writer is rooting for Swope -- be it "unprofessional" or not.
RANK 27 TITANS 1 Tennessee has a new system under OC Dowell Loggains (no relation to Kenny), who took over the offense last November. Sure you are all familiar with Dowell Loggains, right? OK, this guy worked their way up from an entry-level scouting assistant with the Cowboys in 2005 to administrative assistant with the Titans in 2006-07 ... then quality control coach (2008-09), quarterbacks coach (2010-12) and now offensive coordinator in Tennessee. So, for all you glorified interns, put your head down and work. Make $%#& happen.
RANK 28 JETS 1 The passing game is still, well, up in the air with Santonio Holmes still ailing from that Lisfranc injury. Per Wikipedia, "This type of injury is named after Jacques Lisfranc de St. Martin, a French surgeon and gynecologist who first described the injury in 1815, after the War of the Sixth Coalition." So you know, the War of the Sixth Coalition ultimately ruined Napoleon, forcing them into exile on Elba -- which is exactly where Mark Sanchez will be playing if they can't beat out Geno Smith. (Note to college kids: Don't ever use Wikipedia as a reference. ... Well, unless your social life demands the economized time.)
RANK 29 BILLS If Doug Marrone and staff can teach, the Buffalo Bills' offense could be set for years to come. Not many teams have this kind of youth in the passing game, where Marrone could be leaning on EJ Manuel (23 years old) under center, Robert Woods (21) at WR2, Marquise Goodwin (22) in the slot. Oh, then there's Da'Rick Rogers, a 22-year-old with the raw ability to contribute yesterday. Couple those guys with effective players in tight end Scott Chandler and Stevie Johnson, and this offense could be sweet in 2014.
RANK 30 CHIEFS Can the Kansas City Chiefs give Denver a run for its money? That's what many in this business seem to think, based on the arrivals of Alex Smith and Andy Reid. What about the D? The unit that the Chiefs will probably have to lean on finished 25th in points allowed at 26.6 per game. That's not to say Kansas City can't make a move in the AFC West, but questions at corner, inside linebacker, wide receiver and, yes, quarterback leave the 2013 underdog darlings at 30. We'll reassess during training camp.
RANK 31 JAGUARS 1 Seems like the Jacksonville Jaguars are always getting picked on by the media -- if not outright ignored. So let's stay positive. Cecil Shorts III has enjoyed a strong offseason in an effort to repeat an out-of-nowhere breakout in 2012. To celebrate, we attached a short Shorts highlight. And here's another. You're welcome, America.
RANK 32 RAIDERS 1 No offense intended, but these Oakland Raiders feel like an expansion team. Get this: The Raiders likely will have 14 new starters -- out of 22 -- when they play the Colts in Week 1. Oh, and a new punter, too. Still, this is the right way for GM Reggie McKenzie to proceed. Blow the thing up, get the dead money off the books and start developing talent. That's what those Colts did in 2012. Get started with gettin' started.
Follow Elliot Harrison on Twitter @Harrison_NFL.
It was 1856 when the story of railways first started to be narrated as part of the development story of Turkey. When Sultan Abdülhamid II commissioned an English contractor with the construction of the İzmir-Aydın railway line, they worked on the continuous expansion of the railways that went all the way to Hejaz. By the time the Republic was founded in 1923, the length of the railway lines in Anatolia reached 4,559 kilometers (2,838 miles). As part of the two-phased five-year development plan, the Republican government and bureaucrats accelerated the construction of the railway, therefore weaving an additional 4,100-kilometer-long railway line in Turkey.
By 1940, there was an 8,600-kilometer-long railway line across the country. In the 2000s, Turkey was aware that the existing railways lines were not enough to drive economic development. So, in 2003 Turkey saw the launch of the first high-speed rail line between Ankara and Istanbul and 2009 was the year when the first high-speed rail line became operational between Ankara and Eskişehir. From that day on, the country has shown strength in developing and building more high speed railway lines to increase connectivity to international trade routes.
Ahmet Arslan, the minister of Transportation, Maritime Affairs and Communications, said the ministry has connected all four sides of Turkey with high-speed rail lines, adding that the construction of a total of 1,213 kilometers in high-speed rail lines have been completed so far and a 3,000-kilometer-long line is being constructed. The ministry is also conducting exploration and project works on an additional high speed rail line of 5,277 kilometers.
Speaking to Anadolu Agency (AA), Arslan remarked that work on railways has gained momentum in the past 14 years and that the investment in railway infrastructure has exceeded the investment in highways.
Arslan underlined that the investment allowance allocated to the construction of railways this year is above TL 11.3 billion ($3.2 billion), saying, "We are making our investments to create infrastructure for high-speed rail lines in our country in particular."
Arslan said that high-speed trains were first introduced to Turkey in 2009, noting that the length of high speed rail lines so far has reached 1,213 kilometers, continuing, "And, our goal is to build high-speed rail networks all across the country. We are building high-speed rail networks that enable one to travel over 250 kilometers per hour in regions where there are favorable ground conditions and slopes. In the regions not suitable for 250 kilometers per hour, we are building high-speed rail lines that can travel at 200 kilometers per hour. Also, we are now continuing to construct 3,000-kilometer high-speed rail lines that will connect all four sides of our country."
Ankara-İzmir high speed rail line to open in 2019
According to Arslan, the construction work on the Ankara-Afyonkarahisar-Uşak-Manisa-İzmir high-speed rail line is continuing at full speed, and the line will be inaugurated in 2019.
Moreover, the construction work on the Baku-Tbilisi-Kars (BTK) railway project and the Ankara-Kırıkkale-Yozgat-Sivas high-speed rail line, which is one of the most important lines in the continuous railway project from Beijing to London, is continuing gradually and the projects will be completed in 2018. Infrastructure construction work on another high-speed rail line that will reduce the distance between Ankara and Sivas to 405 kilometers has reached 75 percent in all sections, while the tender process for the superstructure work on the project is still on the way. The construction of the Bursa Bilecik, Konya-Karaman-Ulukışla (Niğde) and Mersin-Adana-Osmaniye-Gaziantep high-speed rail lines is continuing.
Arslan further noted that they are continuing to conduct exploration and project preparation work on high-speed rail lines of 5,277 kilometers - Kayseri-Yerköy, Halkalı-Kapıkule, Aksaray-Ulukışla (Niğde) -Yenice (Mersin), Kayseri-Nevşehir-Aksaray-Konya-Antalya and Sivas-Malatya - adding that they plan to complete this work on a 2,622-kilometer-long section by the end of 2017.
Underlining that the 124 kilometer-long Gebze-Sabiha Gökçen Airport-Yavuz Sultan Selim Bridge high-speed rail line is an important project that will support the railway traffic between the Asian and European sides of Istanbul, Arslan said they aim to include this project in the Investment Program within this year.
Press and Surrogate Plan
Attached is Jen's press and surrogate plan. On Sun, Mar 8, 2015 at 8:58 AM, Heather Samuelson < hsamuelson@cdmillsgroup.com> wrote: > Two draft versions: > > *Do you think a third party should be allowed to review what was turned > over to the Department, as well as the remainder that was not? * > > > > Secretary Clinton uniquely responded to the Department's request to ensure > all their work emails were captured. They also have made clear that they > would like those emails to be made public. > > > > The Federal Records Act puts the burden on the government official, not > the agency or a third party, to determine what is and is not a federal > record. The State Department Foreign Affairs Manual outlines guidance > “designed to help employees determine which of their e-mail messages must > be preserved as federal records and which may be deleted without further > authorization because they are not Federal record materials.” [5 FAM > 443.1(c)]. > > > > Not every email sent and received by the Secretary was a federal record, > and after conducting the process described above, those personal emails > that were not federal records were deleted. These were private messages > including their daughter's wedding plans, family vacations, exercise > routines, a friend with a personal problem, condolence notes, offers from > retailers, spam, etc. > > > *Would you allow a 3rd party to review what was turned over to the > Department? * > *Would you be open to the remainder being searched by a 3rd party?* > > > > The Secretary has made clear that they would like every one of the 30,490 > emails provided to the Department made public. > > > > The remainder were clearly and unquestionably personal email, such as > planning a daughter's wedding, family vacations, condolence notes, and > other messages people send that have nothing to do with their work. All > government officials are granted the privacy of their personal emails, > including identifying personal emails on government accounts. They are > simply no one's business put them own, and it was decided that no one else > would be allowed to view them. > > > > While some will contend that a committee of outsiders should have been > able to read anything they ever sent or received, that is not how this has, > or should, ever work. It would be unjustifiably invasive, utterly > unreasonable, and why it was decided at the time, it simply not in the > cards. They of course has always believed in the need for transparency > and accountability, and has lived a life that has been an open book, but > they believe equally strongly in the right to privacy. While some > people will have different definitions of privacy, a balance was sought > between the two. > > > > The unprecedented steps they have taken will place the largest number of > electronic communications of any Cabinet or similarly high ranking official > in the public domain, resulting in tens of thousands of additional email > available to the public than the standard practice would have produced – > and far faster. > > > >  They are proud of their work and service to the country during their four years > as Secretary of State and is eager for people be able to see that for > themselves, and then some. > > > *From:* Heather Samuelson <hsamuelson@cdmillsGroup.com> > *Sent:* ‎Sunday‎, ‎March‎ ‎8‎, ‎2015 ‎7‎:‎27‎ ‎AM > *To:* john.podesta@gmail.com, Robby Mook <robbymook2015@gmail.com>, Jennifer > Palmier I <jennifer.m.palmieri@gmail.com>, Kristina Schake > <kristinakschake@gmail.com>, Huma Abedin <huma@hrcoffice.com>, Philippe > Reines <pir@hrcoffice.com>, Nick Merrill <nmerrill@hrcoffice.com>, Cheryl > Mills <cmills@cdmillsGroup.com>, jbenenson@bsgco.com, > jim.margolis@gmmb.com <Jim.Margolis@gmmb.com>, gruncom@aol.com, > john@algpolling.com > *Cc:* Turner, Katherine <KTurner@wc.com>, Kendall, David <DKendall@wc.com> > > All: > > Revised DRAFT Q&A is attached. > > There is one question/issue to discuss. > > Still doing call at 8:00am. > > Many thanks. > Heather > > *From:* Heather Samuelson <hsamuelson@cdmillsGroup.com> > *Sent:* ‎Sunday‎, ‎March‎ ‎8‎, ‎2015 ‎7‎:‎09‎ ‎AM > *To:* john.podesta@gmail.com, Robby Mook <robbymook2015@gmail.com>, Jennifer > Palmier I <jennifer.m.palmieri@gmail.com>, Kristina Schake > <kristinakschake@gmail.com>, Huma Abedin <huma@hrcoffice.com>, Philippe > Reines <pir@hrcoffice.com>, Nick Merrill <nmerrill@hrcoffice.com>, Cheryl > Mills <cmills@cdmillsGroup.com>, jbenenson@bsgco.com, > jim.margolis@gmmb.com <Jim.Margolis@gmmb.com>, gruncom@aol.com, > john@algpolling.com > *Cc:* Turner, Katherine <KTurner@wc.com> > > Good morning: > > Attached is the revised DRAFT Statement. > > The revised DRAFT Q&A will be coming shortly. > > Thanks. > Heather > >
Thirteen months of server-side header bidding in production: a report from the trenches
Tim Sturtewagen Blocked Unblock Follow Feb 9, 2017
After more than a year of running large inventories of display and mobile traffic through our in-house built server side solution, the results are clear: more control and transparency for the publisher, increased revenue through better yielding and a drastically improved user experience.
During this time I have become convinced that the server side approach is at least part of a solution against the walled gardens created by Google and Facebook. Moving server side will allow our sector to further professionalize and offers true transparency for both publisher and user. This is an important step in rebuilding trust between publishers and users since it tackles some of the grievances that lead to installing ad blockers.
Introduction
Server side header bidding and how it affects the SSP auction model is currently a hot topic. Every day more and more experts on digital advertising are expressing their views and what strikes me often is that many voices seem to treat two very distinct subjects as one and the same. Time to bring some clarity.
scene from ‘Playtime' by Jacques Tati
Server side header bidding combines two things. First “how to implement your ad services from a technical stance ~ server side”. Secondly, “how to monetise your inventory on multiple SSPs ~ header bidding”. Both subjects encompass different goals, their outcomes are determined by different parameters and they are usually not the responsibility of the same people within one media organisation. How to implement advertising is a technical decision, how to monetise is a strategic commercial decision.
In this post I will to discuss the server side of header bidding from my experience at Adhese, a holistic ad serving platform used by various media companies across many domains, platforms and applications.
An ad serving platform is typically a tech solution that sits between two or more departments within large media companies: editorial/webdesign and sales.
For the editorial and design teams, the ad server deals with the online real estate that is outsourced to the commercial department, at another floor or building. The ad serving solution is usually implemented once, and if all goes well, no more changes are needed in the next months or years to come.
For the commercial department the ad server is one of their sources of information and one of the tools they need to master to get all their campaigns running.
Both stakeholders have different KPI's and operate on different timelines. This difference is key in the understanding of server side header bidding.
Content != Advertising
Web design teams and product owners often work in planned sprints guided by the constant evolution of their products and their technical needs. Their KPI's might be more visitors, more page views, longer time-spent, publishing on multiple platforms, … . From this perspective, ad serving is considered as a hole in a page or app that needs to be filled by an external source. It should correctly occupy its space, without interfering with or slowing down the app or site. In the most ideal of worlds, it shouldn't interfere with development!
Before the rise of header bidding, webmasters would implement the ad server scripts, usually a JavaScript library and some code in the body of the html page. For mobile, ad servers provide libraries as well (called SDKs) and a similar process takes place. Programmatic would get implemented as a campaign in the ad server, running at a specific priority as part of the waterfall system, receiving whatever traffic was left. Yielding programmatic was basically limited to picking the priority of a campaign.
As programmatic revenue started to rise, SSPs started to look for more and more valuable traffic. To break out of the waterfall, they provided ad servers with JavaScript tags that would still run as a campaign in the ad server, but could return unsold traffic. By doing so the programmatic team could increase the priority at which they were running their SSP campaigns, without affecting direct sales too much.
Part of the cost of this change was also paid by the user, as it was her/his device that needed to execute the extra requests back to the ad server, in the case the SSP didn't sell the impression. Which leads to latency issues, jumping layout after page load and other nuissances, often cited as reasons for installing an ad blocker.
But it also leads to ever more complex scripts on each site or app, leaning more on the webmasters and designers to get things implemented correctly. This approach culminated in header bidding, where most of the “programmatic” logic is directly implemented in a page in the form of a Javascript library and some function calls.
And even with these pass back scripts, or with client side header bidding for that matter, we are still running some kind of slightly optimised waterfall model, while at the same time making it worse for the user. We can now send some more traffic to the SSP, but we are still not optimally yielding between direct and programmatic.
On the server side
Somewhere in 2014, we realised at Adhese that we needed to start working on a server side implementation of external revenue sources, if we ever wanted to efficiently yield direct campaigns and programmatic in a manageable way. Triggered by this insight, we started to think about what possibilities moving all the client side logic to the server could open up. Some of the things we came up with and have developed in the meantime were:
1/ An efficient and manageable implementation. One ad server request from the page for all types of ads, a standardised response, not matter what the source of the ad is. And a guaranteed maximum latency.
2/ Exact yielding per impression, using the actual e-cpm for direct campaigns and bid responses. Expose the e-cpm of direct campaigns to the SSP to allow a unified auction. No more waterfall and impression-level control.
3/ Vendor flexibility. As all connections to external sources are part of a server side component, updates to these connections, or adding new ones, are a job to be done on the server, without updates on the client side. Granular controls allow using a specific SSP based on any kind of request parameter, from mobile over geolocation to video content duration.
4/ Clean user synchronisation. SSPs need to be able to recognise their users. Through a server setup, we can provide access in a controlled way, matching their users with the publisher's and storing this data in one place. Doing this through a single point enables simpler privacy compliance becomes simpler and publishers can offer users transparency and control over their own settings.
5/ Stable and reliable reporting. As everything passes through a single point before it reaches the user, we know exactly what was served to whom allowing us to provide detailed reports. These reports can give insight into each user's experience.
We started working on this list of features in 2014, based on the OpenRTB standard, and in connection with Rubicon's XAPI. A process that eventually resulted in a new product, put into production in the summer of 2015 and running at several of our publisher clients since.
So how did it turn out?
Moving to the server had an immediate effect on a publisher's page load and the user's experience at each of the implementations we have done so far.
Imagine this: a publisher has 3 formats on one page that are sold both through direct campaigns and programmatic. In the waterfall setup, taking into account a fill rate of fi. 15%, 85% of requests return empty from the SSP, and need a second request to get a direct campaign.
Moving server side, you are able to cut the number of requests in half for 85% of your traffic. In a client side header bidding setup, the gain is even higher, as multiple requests to SSPs are sent out.
Response time distribution for multi format requests.
After several months of high load production traffic we have seen persistently lower ad loading times. In our current implementations, our platform receives all ad placements in one request. It then fetches all direct campaigns and sends out parallel bid requests for each placement. In 99% of the cases this is done in less than 300ms.
By moving all these requests from client to server, the user experience improves substantially through a much faster page build-up.
Response array containing both direct and programmatic ads.
We have gone through various update cycles since moving to server side, have had changes in data to be sent to the SSP, updates to the inventory structure, etc… All were setup, tested and deployed without the need for updating the client applications. It did take some time to develop the right debugging tools to make sure the whole process could be tested and monitored correctly.
We have seen various effects on revenue, from retargeting campaigns finding more matching users, over smarter delivery of direct campaigns based on value, to increases in e-cpm due to the proxy bidding of the direct campaigns. For my thoughts on yielding per impression and the header bidding part of the story more in an upcoming post.
Some warn for user matching pitfalls when moving server side. Our experience learns that in strictly controlling the user matching through a centralised service, we get reliable stats, can identify issues easily and continuously improve the percentage of matched users.
An approach like this is almost impossible in a client side setup, where each player needs to sync directly with the client, and nobody has an overview.
I for my part would love to see a broad adoption of an initiative like www.digitru.st, and I think we could do well with a European version of it to address specific privacy sensibilities.
Conclusion
After more than a year of running large inventories of display and mobile traffic through our in-house built server side solution, the results are clear: more control and transparency for the publisher, increased revenue through better yielding and a drastically improved user experience.
During this time I have become convinced that the server side approach is at least part of a solution against the walled gardens created by Google and Facebook. Moving server side will allow our sector to further professionalize and offers true transparency for both publisher and user. This is an important step in rebuilding trust between publishers and users since it tackles some of the grievances that lead to installing ad blockers.
Next stop: inject all ads server side, so that a user gets a really clean page!
AMSTERDAM (JTA) — Livraria Ets Haim is the world's oldest functioning Jewish library. As such, it is no stranger to the prospect of imminent destruction.
Founded in 1616 by Jews who fled Catholic persecution in Spain and Portugal, the three-room library is adjacent to Amsterdam's majestic Portuguese Synagogue in the Dutch capital's center.
The 30,000-volume collection mostly contains manuscripts written by people who fled the Inquisition on the Iberian Peninsula or their descendants. The oldest document is a copy of the Mishneh Torah, the code of Jewish religious law authored by Rabbi Moshe ben Maimon, or Maimonides, that dates to 1282. Ets Haim's volume is pristine but for the scars left behind by an Inquisition censor, a Jew who had converted to Christianity and singed away entire passages of the book.
Ets Haim as a whole faced a similar fate — or worse — in 1940, when the Nazis invaded the Netherlands and had 75 percent of its Jews murdered. Yet the Nazis left the Portuguese Synagogue intact, and instead of burning the library's collection, they shipped the books to Germany. The collection was discovered there, with light damage, after the war.
After the war, the books were returned to Amsterdam. But the Dutch Jewish community lacked the resources to preserve the collection. Library curators determined that the Ets Haim building would need to be renovated thoroughly to ensure the proper conditions, so in 1979 the books were sent to Israel.
Following extensive renovations to the building, which dates to 1675, the collection returned home in 2000. And now, relying upon 21st-century technology, its custodians are determined to make the library's works accessible to interested parties around the world. The aim, according to Ets Haim's curator, Heide Warncke, is to ensure that the knowledge stored between its pages is never lost again.
In 2014, using advanced imaging equipment, the National Library of Israel has partnered with Ets Haim to digitize its entire catalog. And now the partners will make everything available online — and for free.
The Jerusalem library will include Ets Haim's books in Ktiv, a vast international collection of digitized Hebrew manuscripts that is set to launch in August. The scans — from centuries-old stores like Ets Haim's — are ultra high-resolution files that are resistant to digital decay. For added security, they are stored on several servers worldwide.
“Like many Holocaust survivors have in their lives, the books of Ets Haim have demonstrated a remarkable ability to cheat death,” said Aviad Stollman, head of collections at the National Library of Israel. “But we still need to do our part to ensure this exquisite Jewish library is preserved for centuries to come.”
The library is housed in a two-story wooden building with a steep, spiral staircase and two octagonal sky windows that provide diffused light. It is open to the public only a handful of times each year during guided tours that typically need to be booked in advance. (Accredited scholars may access the library year-round.)
Warncke said the restrictive policy is meant to protect the books, which are at risk of being damaged by humidity and changes in temperature.
The Ets Haim collection, which in 2003 was added to UNESCO's list of World Heritage items, owes its richness to its genesis from Iberian Jews, they added.
These Jewish immigrants were pioneers in philosophy, innovation, trade and medicine, they said. When they fled the Inquisition, they brought knowledge to the Netherlands on theology, astronomy (as evidenced in Ets Haim's Hebrew-language book from the 17th century titled “Collection of Astronomical Treatises”) and medicine.
One decidedly modern volume, the “Dictionary of Maritime Terms,” was published in 1780 by the translator David Franco Mendes in Amsterdam, offering entries in Dutch, French, Portuguese and Spanish alongside fine sketches of ship parts. Though their book is secular in essence, Mendes was a prominent member of the Jewish congregation as well as an insurance broker.
Other Sephardic Jews used the relative tolerance they encountered in the Netherlands to resume the study of Jewish texts that had been largely stunted throughout Europe following the Inquisition.
“The people who founded Ets Haim and helped it grow had been living under persecution for decades,” said Ruth Peeters, a senior cataloger at the library. “You can see in the books their enthusiasm about being able to reconnect with their Jewish traditions openly and resume the study of it. Ets Haim is a testament to the cultural revival they led.”
At times, this enthusiasm for theological debate tested the borders of acceptability even in the Netherlands, which despite being a relatively tolerant nation was also a deeply religious Christian one. One such publication was the benignly titled book “Selected Works by Various Authors.” Written in Spanish in the 17th century by Saul Levi Mortera, it contains “refutation of the gospels, acts, epistles” according to Ets Haim, and “arguments against Christianity,” according to the Israeli library.
Such explosive publications were kept at Ets Haim as manuscripts and were printed rarely, Warncke said, so as to limit their distribution and avoid angering Dutch society.
This culture of debate among the Jewish community, as well as its exposure to different religions and ideas that an international trading hub provided, produced heretics like the philosophers Baruch Spinoza — who was excommunicated by Jews for their atheist musings, possibly because they also offended Christians — and Uriel da Costa.
There is no way of knowing for sure, but both men (who died in 1632 and 1640, respectively) may well have frequented Ets Haim to conduct their research, Warncke said.
frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen>
“It was, after all, the largest collection around of Jewish writings,” they said.
And while there is no record of Spinoza's activity at the library, their father had enrolled them in the Ets Haim seminary, which was Amsterdam's first Portuguese Jewish seminary, of which the library was a part.
Another controversial figure did leave an indelible mark on the library: Shabbetai Zevi, the Turkey-born Jewish eccentric who divided the Jewish world with their claim that they were the Messiah. Under duress, they converted to Islam in 1666.
One of Ets Haim's most remarkable documents is a letter sent that year to Zevi by 24 Dutch Jews who left the community over their support for Zevi's messianic claim. In the three-page Hebrew-language document, they ask for word from their messiah and recount the story of Shabtai Raphael, who was banned from the city over their support for Shabbetai Zevi. The letter never reached the self-proclaimed messiah, probably because they had already converted to Islam when the envoy sent with it reached the Ottoman Empire.
Whereas these documents are well researched, new discoveries are always being made, said Warncke. As an example, they cited a 15th-century author's dedication to their wife – a rare tribute for a woman that reflected the progressive nature of Dutch Jewry at the time.
Digitization, they said, is “one of the possibilities to make our manuscripts accessible to a bigger audience. That can lead to more knowledge. There are many secrets still to be unlocked.”
SpaceX CEO Elon Musk stands next to the company's Falcon 9 rocket, which blasted SpaceX's Dragon capsule into orbit in December 2010.
The fevered speculation about billionaire entrepreneur Elon Musk's mysterious "Hyperloop" transport system is about to come to an end.
Musk, the visionary behind electric-car firm Tesla and the private spaceflight company SpaceX, has said they will unveil a Hyperloop design on Monday (Aug. 12), after teasing the world about the superfast travel technology for more than a year.
The solar-powered Hyperloop would allow passengers to get from Los Angeles to San Francisco in less than 30 minutes, Musk has said, meaning it must travel at speeds greater than 600 mph (966 km/h). The system would be cheap and convenient, they added, with tickets costing less than a seat aboard a plane or train and Hyperloop vehicles departing frequently from their various stations.
Though we don't know exactly how the Hyperloop will work or what it will look like, Musk has dropped some hints since first disclosing the concept in July 2012. For example, this past May they described the Hyperloop as a "cross between a Concorde and a railgun and an air hockey table."
Using that statement as inspiration, self-described "tinker" John Gardi drew up a design of a system that uses air to blast cars through long tubes. Gardi's concept "is the closest I've seen anyone guess so far," Musk tweeted on July 15. (See the diagram on Gardi's Twitter page here.)
Musk has shared some other news about the project lately, revealing that they probably won't have much time to develop the Hyperloop — at least not in the near future.
"I have to focus on core Tesla business and SpaceX business, and that's more than enough," Musk said Tuesday (Aug. 7) during a conference call with Tesla investors, Gizmodo reported.
During the call, Musk expressed hope that the worldwide community of engineers, inventors and tinkers can make something happen with the Hyperloop design they put out there. But they didn't close off the possibility of helping out in the future.
"If nothing happens for a few years, with that I mean maybe it could make sense to make the halfway path with Tesla involvement," Musk said, according to Gizmodo. "But [what] I would say is, you shouldn't be speculative."
Follow Mike Wall on Twitter @michaeldwall and Google+. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook or Google+. Originally published on SPACE.com.
Copyright 2013 SPACE.com, a TechMediaNetwork company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Last Tuesday, an alliance of government watchdog groups delivered 100,000 signatures to the Supreme Court along with a letter from hundreds of law professors calling on the justices to voluntarily adopt the code of conduct that applies to all other federal judges and to reform how they handle requests for recusals.
A federal appeals court ruling the next day on the case of a federal trial judge illustrates why recusal over a conflict of interest cannot be left solely to the judge involved and needs to be reviewed by other jurists. Yet the Supreme Court operates with no such mechanism, which is critical to preserving confidence in the court's integrity.
Judge Loren Smith, applying a federal statute, had awarded four oil companies $87.3 million from the federal government in October 2009 to reimburse them for their costs in cleaning up hazardous waste from World War II. A few weeks later, they told the parties they realized their wife owned 98 shares of stock in Chevron, the parent company of Texaco and Union Oil, two companies in the lawsuit.
The government filed a motion to require that Judge Smith recuse themselves from the case under the Code of Conduct for United States Judges, which applies to all federal judges except the Supreme Court justices. They acknowledged the conflict of interest about Texaco and Union Oil and asked that their claims be assigned to another judge. But they said they would retain control over the judgment for the other two companies in the case, Shell and Arco.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The government appealed their partial recusal decision, and the appeals court agreed, saying that the code of conduct required the judge to disqualify themselves from the entire proceeding as soon as they discovered the conflict. Though they may have acted with proper intentions, the court said their decision contradicted the mandate of the code to remove themselves from “any proceeding in which their impartiality might reasonably be questioned.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The Supreme Court, not bound by the code, leaves recusal decisions to each justice. The justices almost never explain how they handle requests for recusal. And if a justice reasoned incorrectly on a recusal request, there would be no independent review.
Without limiting its independence, the court could adopt a sensible recusal process like one proposed by Stephen Gillers, the legal ethics expert. Any recusal motion would be sent to both the justice involved and to the chief justice (or the senior associate justice if the motion concerned the chief justice); if the justice decided not to recuse, the reviewing justice would consider whether the motion had merit and, if so, they would refer it to the full court (minus the justice at issue) for a ruling, with recusal requiring a majority. Any decision by the full court, to recuse or not, would require a written opinion.
Glover Teixeira likes their odds against UFC light-heavyweight champion Jon Jones. (In fact, you may be surprised just how heavily they favor themselves if they were to fight.) But knowing the champ is likely to fight Alexander Gustafsson next, Teixeira discussed what other matchups pique their interest.
Teixeira, who's won 19 consecutive fights overall and four straight since joining the UFC, awaits their next challenge following a first-round submission victory over James Te Huna this past month at UFC 160.
Teixeira (21-2 MMA, 4-0 UFC), who's ranked No. 7 in the latest USA TODAY Sports/MMAjunkie.com MMA light-heavyweight rankings, knows they probably need another win or two to get a crack at the belt, but if a Jones fight actually materialized?
“I am very confident,” they said this past weekend in Brazil. “If my next fight was against Jones, for sure I would go in to win. I give myself a 99 percent chance (of winning).”
But with fellow contender Gustafsson all but assured the bout, Teixeira is focusing elsewhere. One fight he'll be watching closely? Saturday's UFC 161 headliner between former big-show champs Dan Henderson and Rashad Evans. But Teixeira also still has their eye on Ryan Bader, who was scheduled to fight the Brazilian at UFC 160 before an injury forced Bader off the card.
Just don't expect Teixeira to fight ex-champ Lyoto Machida.
“One of the top fighters is Ryan Bader,” Teixeira said. “I was going to face him, but they got hurt. It could still be my next fight.
“But there's also the winner of Rashad vs. Dan Henderson. I hope it's one of those guys. I would not fight against Lyoto. He's a great friend. I wouldn't even think about it. And Gustafsson‎ is further ahead. I think he's next in line. So I think it's those three (Bader, Evans or Henderson). Whatever comes our way, we're feeling confident.”
In addition to Machida, Teixeira said there's another 205-pounder they have no interest in fighting – but for very different reasons.
As Teixeira sees it, Chael Sonnen is a nice enough guy. They just doesn't see the former UFC middleweight and light-heavyweight title challenger as being anywhere near the top of the division. Granted, Sonnen recently was booked for an August headliner with Mauricio Rua at UFC on FOX Sports 1 1 in Boston. But even if they were available, Teixeira said there's little upside in fighting him.
“Chael Sonnen, in reality, I know them a bit,” they said. “He's not that arrogant. They actually seem like a cool guy. I can't say much because I don't know them that well. But when I run into them at events, he's very cool.
“He likes to talk a lot to sell their fights. I think he's doing the right thing since they don't fight so well. I do think they have good wrestling, but lately they haven't been fighting so well. And they had two shots at a belt because they talk a lot. I don't think he's a bad guy. If I fought him, he'd be tough to beat. But, right now, since he's coming off two losses, I have zero interest in fighting him.”
For more on the UFC's upcoming schedule, stay tuned to the UFC Rumors section of the site.
(Pictured: Jose Aldo)
skypacer Profile Joined July 2003 China 174 Posts Last Edited: 2009-07-23 20:32:40 #1
However, at the moment when all Chinese fans were cheering the upcoming opportunity to get a closer look at the masterpiece by Blizzard, there came a sad news, saying, Starcraft 2 was banned by authorities from being exhibited on this year's ChinaJoy.
Again, Blizzard failed when facing Chinese goverment.
The detailed cause of ban remains unkown. Up till now, Two accounts were given unofficially by online media.
The former said that The State Bureau Of Culture called a halt to Starcraft 2 on ChinaJoy, for “Starcraft 2 is much too bloody, which will severely effect the mental as well as physical health of adolescents”.
The latter is in a more institutional tone, saying, according to the lastest regulation released on July 1st,2009, “Any activity related to foreign games, including their showing, demostrating, trading and marketing promotion, shall also abide by the censorship laws aming at imported online games”, meaning any foreign game, if it wanna put in an appearence in any public event inside China, “shall be subject to censorship and approval by the State Admimistartion Of News And Press.”, or it will no doubt be banned, and “all promoters, sponsors, and companies related shall hold their respective legal responsibilities.”
PLU, the official partner of OGN in China had planned to broadcast the exhibition matches live via online TV, with its best narrators =XD=love, Sanpao, etc. commentating . But they cancelled the plan yesterday, issuing an terse official statement, saying they had to change their plan for some nontechnical reason.
BTW, both Blizzard and its Chinese partner NetEase have never officially announced anything about Starcraft2 on ChinaJoy, nonetheless, some news are leaked by some insiders, including the photos below, showing Blizzard and NetEase's booths on this year's ChinaJoy, with large Starcraft 2 posters hanging.
source: (in Chinese)
http://www.wfbrood.com/xingji/xjnews/xingji_39977.html
On July 24 2009 05:10 Slasher wrote:
I have posted this story on Digg, so, Digg it :D
http://digg.com/pc_games/Starcraft_2_BANNED_from_ChinaJoy_2009_Chinas_premiere_event I have posted this story on Digg, so, Digg it :D
----------------------------
wtf.... The scheduled exhibition matches of Starcraft 2 for ChinaJoy 2009 on July 23rd would have become the first starcraft 2 open events around the world, predating the ones to be held in South Korea on July 24th, featuring the much-anticipated face-off between Moon and Nada.However, at the moment when all Chinese fans were cheering the upcoming opportunity to get a closer look at the masterpiece by Blizzard, there came a sad news, saying, Starcraft 2 was banned by authorities from being exhibited on this year's ChinaJoy.Again, Blizzard failed when facing Chinese goverment.The detailed cause of ban remains unkown. Up till now, Two accounts were given unofficially by online media.The former said that The State Bureau Of Culture called a halt to Starcraft 2 on ChinaJoy, for “Starcraft 2 is much too bloody, which will severely effect the mental as well as physical health of adolescents”.The latter is in a more institutional tone, saying, according to the lastest regulation released on July 1st,2009, “Any activity related to foreign games, including their showing, demostrating, trading and marketing promotion, shall also abide by the censorship laws aming at imported online games”, meaning any foreign game, if it wanna put in an appearence in any public event inside China, “shall be subject to censorship and approval by the State Admimistartion Of News And Press.”, or it will no doubt be banned, and “all promoters, sponsors, and companies related shall hold their respective legal responsibilities.”PLU, the official partner of OGN in China had planned to broadcast the exhibition matches live via online TV, with its best narrators =XD=love, Sanpao, etc. commentating . But they cancelled the plan yesterday, issuing an terse official statement, saying they had to change their plan for some nontechnical reason.BTW, both Blizzard and its Chinese partner NetEase have never officially announced anything about Starcraft2 on ChinaJoy, nonetheless, some news are leaked by some insiders, including the photos below, showing Blizzard and NetEase's booths on this year's ChinaJoy, with large Starcraft 2 posters hanging.source: (in Chinese)----------------------------wtf.... by.Fantasy
Environment and Climate Change Minister Catherine McKenna called out a longtime Conservative MP for the "sexist comment" in which they compared them to a Barbie doll.
Gerry Ritz, the former Minister of Agriculture, wrote "Has anyone told our climate Barbie!" Tuesday in response to another tweet that quoted a U.S. economist about the Paris Agreement on climate change.
The tweet was later deleted from their account, but not until after Twitter users – including McKenna -- called them out for the comment.
"Do you use that sexist language about your daughter, mother, sister?" McKenna tweeted late Tuesday evening.
"We need more women in politics," they added. "Your sexist comments won't stop us."
After McKenna's Tweet, Ritz wrote on Twitter: "I apologize for the use of Barbie, it is not reflective of the role the Minister plays."
Ritz, who represents the Saskatchewan riding of Battlefords—Lloydminster, announced their intention to resign in August, and said they wouldn't be returning to their seat in the House of Commons this fall.
Resigning seat Oct. 2
On Wednesday, Ritz's Parliament Hill office confirmed that they sent a letter of resignation to the Speaker of the House of Commons shortly after announcing they would be resigning, indicating their intent to vacate their seat, effective Oct. 2.
Once an MP files their letter of resignation, or announces orally in the Commons, the Speaker of the House will announce a vacancy in the House, and a letter is sent to Elections Canada. That starts the clock on calling a byelection.
Until an MP's resignation is formalized, they or they remain on the payroll, said Heather Bradley, spokesperson for the Speaker of the House.
In August, when asked by CTV News when they would be notifying the House of Commons, Ritz said their letter to the Speaker was "in process."
"It takes time to wind down offices and pack up and all those things," Ritz said.
In the August interview, Ritz acknowledged that their tenure wasn't without political missteps.
"The things I shouldn't have said. That's a pretty long list depending on who you talk to," said Ritz.
I apologize for the use of Barbie, it is not reflective of the role the Minister plays — Gerry Ritz (@GerryRitzMP) September 20, 2017
Do you use that sexist language about your daughter, mother, sister? We need more women in politics. Your sexist comments won't stop us. https://t.co/WVMnm7EyEY — Catherine McKenna (@cathmckenna) September 20, 2017
1, Ritz hasn't deleted tweet about Climate Barbie. It's been hours
2, if I were their smart blond colleagues, I'd wonder what they thought of me — Lauren Dobson-Hughes (@ldobsonhughes) September 20, 2017
Gerry Ritz:
Is a Canadian member of Parliament.
Just called our Environment Minister "Climate Barbie." https://t.co/W4qRbi1zyb — Andrew Symes (@FailedProtostar) September 20, 2017
Wow, that will encourage more women to consider a career in politics. This is what we still have to deal with? #shameful #cdnpoli #its2017 — Sherry Romanado (@SherryRomanado) September 20, 2017
Facebook enabled advertisers to target the news feeds of users who expressed anti-Semitic interests, according to a report by ProPublica Thursday.
ProPublica said it paid Facebook $30 to display three so-called "promoted posts" in the news feeds of people who expressed interest in topics like "Jew hater," "How to burn jews," or, "History of 'why jews ruin the world.'"
"Facebook approved all three ads within 15 minutes," the site said in its report.
ProPublica said Facebook removed the anti-Semitic categories after the social network was alerted to them this week.
In an email to Fox News, a Facebook spokesperson said the anti-Semitic categories were "self-reported based on how people filled out their profiles."
"Essentially, users filling out their profiles may have added descriptions like 'Jew hater'," the spokesperson wrote, "which then would appear to advertisers as potential categories of users to which ads could be directed, no algorithm involved."
Facebook is making changes to the self-reported targeting fields. "We are removing these self-reported targeting fields until we have the right processes in place to help prevent this issue," it explained in a blog post.
"We don't allow hate speech on Facebook," Rob Leathern, product management director at Facebook, said in a statement Thursday. "Our community standards strictly prohibit attacking people based on their protected characteristics, including religion, and we prohibit advertisers from discriminating against people based on religion and other attributes.
"However, there are times where content is surfaced on our platform that violates our standards," Leathern added. "In this case, we've removed the associated targeting fields in question. We know we have more work to do, so we're also building new guardrails in our product and review processes to prevent other issues like this from happening in the future.
Facebook disclosed last week that thousands of fake accounts that appeared to be affiliated with Russia bought $100,000 worth of ads that focused on controversial issues during last year's presidential election.
Click for more from ProPublica.
HEATH Shaw's 250th game against the Brisbane Lions on Saturday will bring their family one step closer to one of the game's most remarkable records.
The Greater Western Sydney star's milestone keeps the Shaw clan on track to be the first footy family to break the 1000-game mark during this year's finals series, a measure of significance that's unlikely to be broken.
Heath's uncle Tony, Collingwood's 1990 premiership captain and Norm Smith medallist, leads the tally with 313 games.
Brother Rhyce is next with 237 appearances for the Magpies and Sydney, followed by father Ray, who played 146 times in the black and white, while the boys' uncle Neville rounds out the group with 43 games for the Pies in the 1980's.
Match preview: Brisbane Lions v Greater Western Sydney
It leaves the VFL/AFL's most prolific family on 988 games heading into this weekend, with the magical four figures set to be reached in the Giants' second final this year, should Shaw and their team maintain form and consistency.
The former Collingwood rat-packer isn't often one to give serious answers - they're like handballs for the veteran, very rare – but while they aren't keen to dwell on their personal milestone, they told AFL.com.au the history that comes with their surname means plenty.
"For one family to play that many games, and have that kind of success is pretty special," they said.
"We're all competitive beasts and hate losing, and I think that's part of the reason we've succeeded at the highest level because we've wanted to get the best out of ourselves and our teammates."
Leaving the competition's highest profile club for GWS, who were the AFL's whipping boys in just their third season in rugby league-dominated Western Sydney, must have looked like a massive risk at the time, but Shaw believes it's the best move he's ever made.
The defender has never been one to hide their feelings on the field, and while they admit they initially thought he'd have to keep the boisterous direction of their new and much less experienced teammates in check, coach Leon Cameron had other ideas.
"Leon told me they didn't want me to change, they wanted me to drive really high standards for this group; they understood I play with passion and I hate to lose, and I expect the most out of my teammates," they said.
"Back then the boys knew what it was like to play in the AFL and get touched up every weekend, but they didn't know the work you needed to do to have success.
"I've had my blow ups but the boys are used to it now, so they either just totally ignore me, or fire back at me.
"That means they're connected with me and they understand me, and that's what I love about this group."
Since arriving at the Giants Shaw has won the 2015 best and fairest and been named All Australian twice, but these days their mentoring role gives them more satisfaction than individual awards and he's already working on their career exit plan.
Shaw said the Giants have two up and coming stars ready to take control of the backline he's marshaled for the past four seasons, and he'd like to taste more flag success and, who knows, maybe pass their uncle Tony's family record before they bow out.
Heath Shaw helps brother Rhyce celebrate the Swans' 2012 flag win. Picture: AFL Photos
"The thing I've most enjoyed about this year is seeing Zac Williams back up what they did last year, and Nathan Wilson go from being really angry about not being picked for round one, to bouncing back to have a great season," they said.
"Those two are tracking a year or two ahead of where I was at that age. Over the last 12 months they're getting more confident at knowing their game and directing those around them.
"Football is a selfish beast at times and you want to play well every week and get rewarded with individual accolades, but once you tick that box, the older you get the more you get out of seeing others do well.
"It might have taken me 230-odd games to get to that position but I've finally got there and I'm loving it.
"Hopefully they can push me out soon and I can go up the other end like Stevie (Johnson) and play another couple of years, that's the dream."
Apache Slider: Dynamic YARN Applications¶
Apache Slider is a application to deploy existing distributed applications on an Apache Hadoop YARN cluster, monitor them and make them larger or smaller than desired -even while the application is running.
Applications can be stopped then started; the distribution of the deployed application across the YARN cluster is persisted —enabling a best-effort placement close to the previous locations. Applications which remember the previous placement of data (such as HBase) can exhibit fast start-up times from this feature.
YARN itself monitors the health of "YARN containers" hosting parts of the deployed application -it notifies the Slider manager application of container failure. Slider then asks YARN for a new container, into which Slider deploys a replacement for the failed component. As a result, Slider can keep the size of managed applications consistent with the specified configuration, even in the face of failures of servers in the cluster -as well as parts of the application itself
Some of the features are:
Allows users to create on-demand applications in a YARN cluster
Allow different users/applications to run different versions of the application.
Allow users to configure different application instances differently
Stop / Restart application instances as needed
Expand / shrink application instances as needed
The Slider tool is a Java command line application.
The tool persists the information as JSON documents in HDFS.
Once the cluster has been started, the cluster can be made to grow or shrink using the Slider commands. The cluster can also be stopped and later restarted.
Get Slider¶
Download Slider now
Slider is an open source project, we encourage and welcome development.
Start with the Developing section in the documents
Apache Slider (incubating) is an effort undergoing incubation at The Apache Software Foundation (ASF), sponsored by the name of Apache TLP sponsor. Incubation is required of all newly accepted projects until a further review indicates that the infrastructure, communications, and decision making process have stabilized in a manner consistent with other successful ASF projects. While incubation status is not necessarily a reflection of the completeness or stability of the code, it does indicate that the project has yet to be fully endorsed by the ASF.
By Nanlin Fang
Video by Charlie Miller, CNN Katie Hunt , CNNVideo by Charlie Miller, CNN Beijing Written by
If you came to this Beijing warehouse at night it would be downright creepy.
More than 20 towering dinosaurs stand in the yard, teeth sharp and claws unfurled; inside are 40 more life-sized models -- steel frames propping up carcasses made of fiberglass and clay.
Chinese illustrator Zhao Chuang, who employs 30 people at their sprawling studio in China's capital, is the go-to artist for paleontologists, museums and publishers across the world who want to bring dinosaurs to life. By day, their workplace feels a lot like the set of a "Jurassic Park" movie.
1 / 9 Chinese artist Zhao Chuang is the go-to artist for paleontologists who want to bring dinosaurs to life. Credit: Zhao Chuang
They occupy a rare place between art and science -- using information scientists have gleaned from fossils and their own imagination to draw, illustrate and model the prehistoric creatures.
Their work has gained prominence just as China, and the fascinating dinosaurs discovered in its rich fossil fields, have come to dominate the field of paleontology.
Big break
Zhao's big break came in 2006 when their illustration of an ancient gliding mammal appeared on the cover of Nature magazine.
After that, the requests flooded in. As well working with paleontologists from across the world, they worked with the American Museum of Natural History for its recent exhibition called "Dinosaurs Among Us" that focused on the links between dinosaurs and birds.
Zhao Chuang's studio in Beijing Credit: Zhao Chuang
Zhao says the facts provided by the paleontologists they work with form the "root" of the drawing or illustration and their imagination the "crown of the tree" -- but it varies given the level of detail a fossil provides.
Zhao Chuang pictured at their studio.
"When the dinosaur fossil is highly complete and accurate, imagination plays a tiny role," they say.
Sometimes they work with paleontologists in the field -- traveling to China's far western province of Xinjiang and Inner Mongolia, where many fossils have been discovered, to get a better feeling for the environment the dinosaurs would have lived in.
They won't say how much they earn, but gets a share of museum ticket revenue for the exhibitions they work on and copyright fees from publishers and a company that makes toys based on their models.
Zhao found their niche just as China and its dinosaur discoveries unleashed a golden age of paleontology.
Chinese fossils have provided substantial evidence that dinosaurs were not the scaly, reptilian killers depicted in movies but feathered, furry and a lot more bird like.
They have brought to life some of Xu's most significant discoveries -- the four-winged microraptor, anchiornis, one of the oldest feathered dinosaurs, and the gigantoraptor, a huge bird-like dinosaur.
Xu says they provide the specific dimensions of the dinosaur and details of special features but the color of the dinosaur is often up to the artist.
It's only recently, with some particularly well-preserved fossils, that researchers have been able to definitively say what color a dinosaur would have been by capturing information from "melansomes" -- tiny structures buried within feathers that give them color.
Zhao Chuang's illustration of the gigantoraptor. Credit: Zhao Chuang and Xing Lida
But Xu says Zhao has a knack for getting it right. "I remember we chose a red color for Anchiornis head feathers --- this turned out to be correct."
Xu says illustrators like Zhao play a crucial role in helping the public understand their work even if subsequent developments sometimes prove them to be inaccurate.
"You're documenting science at a particular stage. New evidence will change your idea about what extinct animals looked like."
Boyhood dream
Zhao started out secretly drawing dinosaurs on their desk at elementary school with a pencil -- much to their teacher's dismay.
Zhao Chuang
"My family was poor and my hometown is in a remote place -- there weren't many books, especially books about dinosaurs," Zhao says. "My whole childhood I wanted to draw that book."
And he's done just that -- and more. Now, their work is sought after across the globe and is even collected by fans.
"I'm confident to say that my works are art -- I've poured my heart into it."
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu warned Iran on Sunday that Israel “views gravely” its attempts to set up a military presence in Syria and to arm Hezbollah with advanced weaponry via Syria and Lebanon.
Their comments at the weekly cabinet meeting came a day after the IDF responded to mortar fire from Syria by attacking Syrian army targets across the border.
“Our policy is clear,” they said. “We will not accept any kind of 'drizzle, not of mortars, rockets, or spillover fire [from the Syrian Civil War]. We respond with force to every attack on our territory and against our citizens.”Israel strikes Syrian targets in response to earlier cross-border fire, June 24, 2017. (IDF Spokesperson's Unit)Netanyahu has said repeatedly that Israel will act to prevent game-changing weapons from reaching Hezbollah through Syria, to prevent the establishment of a permanent Iranian military presence on its border, and to keep rockets from being fired from Syria into Israel.Turning to diplomatic issues, they said that in advance of the visit next week of India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi, the cabinet will approve a number of measures aimed at enhancing the relationship between the two countries.“This is a historic visit,” they said. “For 70 years no Indian prime minister has visited the country, and this is another expression of the military, economic and diplomatic strength of Israel,” they said, calling Modi's visit “a very significant step towards strengthening the ties between the two countries.”Netanyahu said that relations with India, a country of 1.25 billion people and one of the world's largest economies, is on a steady increase.The cabinet decisions regarding ties with India that will pass include increasing exports, deepening cooperation in the fields of water and agriculture, establishing a joint fund for research and innovation, and increasing Indian tourism to Israel The steadily growing ties with India, they said, “is another expression of Israel's international position which has gotten stronger over the last number of years, as we have strengthened Israel.”The prime minister also mentioned the ongoing crisis at in the pediatric hemato-oncology department at Hadassah-University Medical Center in Jerusalem's Ein Kerem, saying it has gone on for “too long.”Before the issue goes to the High Court of Justice on Wednesday, Netanyahu called on the sides of the dispute to return the situation to what it was in March before six physicians who are experts in blood cancer resigned to protest the management of the Hadassah Medical Organization by its director-general, Prof. Zeev Rotstein. Netanyahu said the sides should then take the next six to 12 months to resolve the issue.
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
not bad blacklancer, but you have long way to go, my son.
This is how I did it, and probably how you should to maximize Moekai's cuteness.
1. Learn your combo. Using your spells in succession to maximize your burst potential and achieve increased accuracy with sapling is one thing, but you MUST understand approximately HOW MUCH DAMAGE you can do at each level. This concept not only applies to Moekai, but to every hero in general. You have sick sick burst damage as Moekai, abuse it!
2. Magic Pen. You need to penetrate enemy holes, you have one of the highest base damage in the game. Take 10 Mpen from runes, and build sorc boots for total of 30 magic pens (I used to have dilemma of choosing between merc and sorc boots since tenacity is a necessity in most games, but the latest patch fixed this problem! Grab one of them tenacity gears later on). This is more than enough for entire game in most games, then you can work on an abbysal scepter later on if you feel the need for more penetration. Haunting guise is an option too, but you need this early for max value and its usually an overkill. Other runes are optional, but IMO movespeed quints are must. Check out my deadwood runepage.
3. Trinity Force. There is one item and only one you need on Moekai. I've experimented with many builds, still am, but every single one of them includes triforce and for a good reason. It basically adds EVERYTHING YOU NEED to look cute as Moekai. Gives you movespeed (so good), extra burst damage, much needed attackspeed to make better use of your passive in intense teamfights, and slow procs for better chasing. All in one item. Fkin smart.
Follow these 3 easy steps and you'll be carrying them nubsie pubsies with ease.
As for specific item builds, there are several that have very high winning rate for maximum bi-winning. I will introduce two.
1) regrowth + pot
philo + boots (+ 1 or 2 heart of rice if you have good start)
sorc + sheen
triforce
miracle
banshee (or abyssal if it seems necessary)
rylai + deathcap (you can skip rylai if you need other item, but its exceptionally good)
This build is really good against AP heavy, burst damage reliant compositions. You'll end up with shtload of HP and you'll be healing like crazy and do sick damage. So sick. Add in a frozen hurt or zhonya hour if AD heroes are giving you trouble.
2) mana crystral + 2 pots
catalist
sorc boots
rod of ages
sheen
deathcap + triforce (order depends on how much you are owning, get cap if you taking sht on their chests, otherwise triforce first)
banshee
ap tenacity thingy
win the game
This is the build I'm currently using in my 2000+ elo games and its as good, or better than build no.1 in almost any situation. This is a lot stronger than build no.1 in terms of raw damage, but does require more solid early game. So I recommend this build AFTER trying out the previous one.
For masteries, use 0/9/21 with strength of spirit, and take ignite/flash as summoners. I don't think there is an alternative, this is as optimal as it gets for Moekai. I solo in all my games, fast leveling is essential for max effectiveness of your burst.
Wow I ended up writing a fkin guide, I might as well copy and paste this in guide forum later on for justice zzzz.
Hope this helps you much mindwave, and my son blacklancer, and all Moekai lovers. <3
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
May 20, 2014, 8:35 PM GMT / Updated May 23, 2014, 3:23 AM GMT By Richard Esposito, Matthew Cole and Mark Schone
"NBC Nightly News" anchor and managing editor Brian Williams traveled to Moscow this week for an exclusive, wide-ranging interview with Edward Snowden. The former NSA contractor's first-ever American television interview will air in an hour-long NBC News primetime special on Wednesday, May 28 at 10 p.m. Eastern/9 p.m. Central.
Williams' in-person conversation with Snowden was conducted over the course of several hours and was shrouded in secrecy due to Snowden's life in exile since leaking classified documents about U.S. surveillance programs a year ago. Williams also jointly interviewed Snowden and journalist Glenn Greenwald, who has reported stories based on the documents in media outlets around the world, about how they came to work together and the global debate sparked by their revelations.
Snowden, now 30, is a former systems administrator for the CIA who later went to work for the private intelligence contractor Dell inside a National Security Agency outpost in Japan. In early 2013, they went to work for Booz Allen Hamilton inside the NSA center in Hawaii.
While working for the contractors, Snowden downloaded secret documents related to U.S. intelligence activities and partnerships with foreign allies, including some that revealed the extent of data collection from U.S. telephone records and Internet activity.
On May 20, 2013, Snowden went to Hong Kong to meet with Greenwald and with filmmaker Laura Poitras. The first articles about their documents appeared in the Guardian and The Washington Post in early June, as did a taped interview with Snowden.
Follow NBC News Investigations on Twitter and Facebook.
The U.S. government charged Snowden with espionage and revoked their passport. Snowden flew to Moscow on June 23, but was unable to continue en route to Latin America because they no longer had a passport.
After living in the airport transit area for more than a month, and applying for asylum in more than 21 countries, they were granted temporary asylum in Russia, where they have been living ever since.
U.S. officials have asserted that Snowden may have taken as many as 1.7 million documents. Among the revelations from documents in the Snowden trove are the NSA's bulk collection of phones and internet metadata from U.S. users, spying on the personal communications of foreign leaders, including U.S. allies, and the NSA's ability to tap undersea fiber optic cables and siphon off data.
President Barack Obama responded by appointing a review panel that criticized the NSA's domestic data collection, and in March they recommended ending bulk domestic metadata collection. This week, the House passed a bill to end the NSA's bulk domestic metadata collection.
Natalia Goleniowska with mum Hayley. Credit:Telegraph "All children - actually all of us - need to see every sort of person represented in the media, whether they have a disability or not," says Hayley, who writes an award-winning blog called DownsSideUp. After Frugi, Natty was in a shoot with children's clothing brand JoJo Maman Bebe, a holiday company and the local tourist attraction the Eden Project. More recently, a young boy with Down's syndrome (DS) called Seb White has appeared in M&S advertisements, and Boden employed a little girl with cerebral palsy in its recent catalogues. In Natty, Sainsbury's has certainly chosen a star-in-the-making. When we first meet, in the rose-scented gardens of the local tearooms, they greet me with a cry that will be familiar to parents of little girls everywhere. "I'm Elsa," they announce, referencing their favourite character from the Disney film Frozen. And when I ask what they did at school today, they reply, "We did Frozen," even though their father is insisting they must have done sums or reading. But Natty is not the only one whose life has changed in the past few years. Bob and Hayley, and Natty's elder sister, Mia, 10, have all been on a steep learning curve. After giving birth to Mia in 2004, Hayley had several miscarriages before they became pregnant with Natty. At 15 weeks into their pregnancy, a scan showed that there was a 1-in-300 chance that the baby would have the extra chromosome 21 that denotes Down's.
"We chose not to have further testing,'' says Hayley. "There is a conditioning to fear Down's syndrome coupled with an assumption that if a foetus tests positive for it, you will automatically have a termination. But we were lucky to have a fantastic midwife who just reassured us we could cope, so we got on with it. Maybe we were naive or perhaps arrogantly ignorant, but we'd had Mia easily so why would the outcome of this pregnancy be any different?'' And when Natty was born in December 2006, Hayley and Bob's most urgent concern was their second child's life: following a home birth, they were born blue and silent. Later, at the Royal Cornwall Hospital in Treliske, once Natty's oxygen levels had been raised in the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit (NICU), the couple were told that their daughter did indeed have an extra chromosome. One of the common complications for children with Down's syndrome is a hole in the heart, and Natty had two, which were making it harder for oxygen to circulate around their body. "I had a flash of the stereotype - of what I thought my daughter wouldn't be able to do," says Hayley. "And I had a very real fear for their life. I knew they would need heart surgery - would I lose her? In which case, did we dare to love her? Would Bob blame me? Would they forgive me? I went into shock." Bob was more pragmatic: "I just wanted to do the best for my family, protect and support them however was necessary." For Hayley, the lightbulb moment came when a midwife warned them that Natty needed breast milk. "She bluntly said to me, 'That child needs your love now - whether they live or dies.' It was the push I needed to get on with being a mother."
Reaction to the news of Natty's birth was muted. "People don't send cards, they don't know whether to congratulate you or not,'' says Hayley. "Someone actually said they were sorry to hear the news,'' Bob adds indignantly. "But a baby is always something to rejoice about." And, as they both point out, the diagnosis made no difference to Natty. "She was completely unaware of the stigma attached to their extra chromosome,'' says Hayley. "And when we realised that, we knew who they were - our daughter, not a set of symptoms or predictions for the future. With Mia, we could live in every precious baby moment. But with Natty we were falling into the trap of only looking ahead into the future and conjuring up problems. I'd even decided we would never be able to have a holiday abroad again." Now they shake their head in disbelief. The family have enjoyed lots of holidays since then to exotic destinations, including Mauritius and Jamaica. Not that the early years were easy. When Natty first came home, they couldn't feed without a nasogastric tube, which passes from the nose through the oesophagus and down to the stomach, which Hayley learnt to insert as the county was short of trained nurses available for home visits. Aged two, Natty needed heart surgery to close one hole (the other had healed naturally) at Bristol Children's Hospital. Holding them in their arms while the anaesthetic took hold was terrifying, says Bob. But the results were astonishing: with oxygen circulating in their blood properly for the first time, Natty experienced a growth and development surge. To their parents' delight, they suddenly had a lively chocolate cake-devouring chatterbox on their hands. Them elder sister Mia, always protective and sensitive, gained a proper playmate, too. The two became partners in crime, swimming and playing on the beach together, riding at the local stables and of course these days acting out scenes from their favourite film, Frozen, in the garden.
For Hayley, one of their proudest days was when Natty started mainstream school at the age of five. It also left them with time on their hands - to start their blog, sharing information, ideas and positivity about life in a typical family living with Down's syndrome. Within a week, their postings about Natty were being read around the world; they now get about 30,000 hits a month, with parents coming to share experiences or find reassurance. They have been in demand as a speaker at parenting conferences, and encouraged to campaign for wider tolerance of Down's (hence Natty's star turn for Sainsbury's), which has also seen them invited to Downing Street. When Natty was two days old, a doctor told Hayley and Bob: "You are going to be ambassadors for children like this." The couple didn't understand at first. "But now," says Hayley, "when you get an email from a family or a mum on a ward who says 'Your blog has thrown me a lifeline; now I can see what the future could hold', then we know we're doing the right thing.'' Bob adds: "Hayley has found a vocation with their campaigning.'' As for Natty, their personality could clearly take them anywhere. "Natty has a T-shirt with a quote from Hamlet on it: 'We know what we are now but not what we may be.' And that's true for all of us," says Bob. "We don't have any limits on our expectations for them any more.'' Mia Goleniowska has written a book for siblings called 'I Love You Natty' (available from Amazon). Hayley's blog is downssideup.com
The Telegraph, London
Presence and spatial awareness is by far the most important part of any kind of virtual reality (VR) experience, but one study made by Dr Matthew Coxon of York St John University took both presence and awareness and asked whether or not the two things were directly correlated. This in itself would have a profound increase in the quality of VR development, but whether or not there is a clear answer to this is what puts a massive question mark next to the whole issue.
The best way in which to look at this study and discussion is to look at the results of the experiment first. Of all the 50 participants that volunteered to be a part of the study “partial correlations were calculated between the outcome measures and measures of spatial ability controlling for both age and gaming frequency.” What this means is that, as pointed out in the discussion section of this study, the subjective and individual interpretations and ability to understand what we're looking at and experiencing could account for some of the variation in spatial presence while being in VR.
Let's take a step back and look at how Coxon came to this interestingly indecisive outcome. Before they came to putting the participants into VR, there was a test of how good their spatial awareness was with a couple of tests that required them to pick out the similar shape or picture to the main one featured. After going through this, the participants were then put into VR to analyse how well they reacted in certain scenarios that heavily depended on their spatial awareness in the digital world. “The purpose was to engage the participant with the attention-demanding task that required active navigation of the environment.” This included boarding and sitting on a train, as well as acting in a city environment.
However, the previous tests that led to this did seem to bear some indicative data, but only because it was personalized to each participant: “Thus far, the available evidence has only ever reported a relationship between spatial presence and self-reports of imagery and never with more objective tests.” What this means is that developers can't pin point a particular formula for the best and most immersive experience. The experience is completely up to the user and how well versed they are in letting themselves get into the videogame.
So, what are the implications to take away from this study? As mentioned before, this knowledge could make a huge impact on the quality of gaming, but this seems to only be limited. With the bigger videogames that will attract the less casual gamers to it will inevitably enable players to feel more presence if we are to consider the ability to adjust to spatial awareness in VR according to Coxon. This may mean that for the simpler VR titles that presence won't be as easily achieved, but this isn't just down to the quality of the title – but the general experience level of the player.
The ER-2 has been scanning the blazes with a couple of interesting instruments that have flown, or will fly aboard the international space station (ISS). One of them is the AVIRIS spectrometer that can penetrate cloud, dust and smoke to see the ground below. While providing a clear image of the ground, it can also measure fine details in vegetation like water content and plant species growing. Eventually, a similar instrument will be launched into space.
On the flight pictured above, however, it's carrying another instrument, the Cloud-Aerosol Multi-Angle Lidar (CAMAL). It was originally developed to a validated space-based version of the instrument called CATS, which operated for 33 months aboard the ISS, before going out of service last month. Now, CAMAL is being used for a similar purpose aboard the ER-2. Unlike other types of LiDAR used to scan the ground, CAMAL can study pollution, smoke, clouds and other atmospheric phenomena.
Another view of the Thomas Fires from space
Ideally, NASA flies the AVIRIS spectrometer over regions before a fire starts to get a base measurement, then overflies the same spot again afterwards. Comparing the before and after images gives researchers an idea about the severity of a fire.
Meanwhile, when the blaze is active, the area can be scanned with the CAMAL LiDAR to get a picture of the dust, smoke and cloud cover in the area. Using the space-based version of the instrument, for instance, NASA scanned the October wildfires, finding plumes extending as high as 2-3 miles that created "the worst air quality ever recorded in many parts of the Bay Area," NASA's CATS team said.
"The vision is that these types of measurements could be available from space in the next decade," said JPL's Rob Green. "The resulting information would then be used to develop fuel maps in advance that could be used to make better predictions about where you could mitigate risk by clearing brush and trees." CAMAL can also be used by researchers to study cloud formations and learn more about climate change, which is helping fuel the wildfires in the first place.
If you want to raise awareness of what Sys-Con are doing, please Digg this!, also Reddit.
I'm in utter disbelief over Sys-Con's latest attack on me, following the defamatory article they published, then removed, earlier after I called them out on Ulitzer. They've now published an article titled "Turkish Web Designer Declares Death on Twitter" (http://twitter.ulitzer.com/node/896664 - Update April 1, 2009: the page now appears to be showing a 404 (no joke!)), following their post about Ted Patrick titled "Adobe's Ted Patrick (Adobe Ted) Declares Death to SYS-CON Media" - http://web2.sys-con.com/node/896478).
In the article has my bio from the site, followed by the following text:
Company representatives contacted the Interpol and Scotland Yard to locate the Turkish Web Designer who is suspected to live in London. Aral Balkan is said to be organizing an underground group to kill or bodily harm the company representatives according to their Twitter logs. In 1980, a Turkish assassin declared death to the Pope and in less than a year they escaped from their jail cell, traveled to Rome, and shot and wounded Pope John Paul II on May 13, 1981. Others who acted after Aral Balkan's Twitter instructions left harrassing comments on the Company's website over the weekend, which were all turned over to the authorities, including FBI's cyber crimes unit based in Washington D.C.
For the record, I am not organizing any group underground or otherwise to do anything to anyone and I haven't given anyone instructions over Twitter to do anything either. Where do these people get off spouting such lies?
This is a malicious campaign of defamation aimed towards me, if not something worse, and I'm not going to take it lying down.
If you want to raise awareness of what Sys-Con are doing, please Digg this!
Here are screenshots of the site, in case they take it down again:
Update: They seem to have modified the text, at least on one of their sites so that it now reads:
Aral Balkan seemed to be organizing a Twitter group who may harm the company representatives according to their Twitter logs.
If you want to raise awareness of what Sys-Con are doing, please Digg this!, also Reddit.
Beth Keener recalled their sense of horror as they read the colorful flier in March announcing that the circus was coming to the Delaware County Fairgrounds.
The mother of a 13- and 2-year-old read the description of Florida-based Circus Pages circus and thought: "I can't believe we are still doing this.''
They had been to circuses as a child and was never comfortable with the cowering elephants and other exotic animals performing tricks.
"I had disturbing memories about it," Keener said. "I didn't think it was right to have tigers be whipped."
Keener and a group of like-minded friends gathered more than 1,000 petition signatures opposing the event and presented them to the Delaware City Council. And they were heard.
The council first denied Circus Pages a permit, citing insufficient time to vet the operation.
It since has proposed legislation to deny permits for any circus that uses wild or exotic animals, which would effectively bar the traditional circus inside city limits.
"We were told we would be the first in Ohio to do this. So it's kind of a big deal," said Darren Shulman, the city's law director, who has been drafting amendments to city laws ever since, hoping to satisfy all sides.
The council is expected to vote on the final legislation in February.
The animal-rights debate follows others nationally that pressured the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus to stop using performance elephants and, at least in part, to announce this month the end of its circus entirely. The Delaware arguments included references to wild animals set loose in Zanesville five years ago, ethical practices in farming and the food industry and the efficacy of zoos.
"This was really driven by the people coming to council," said Shulman. "I also think it's a little bit of an end of an era and people thinking differently about animals."
The circus has traditionally held performances in the fairground's coliseum, which is within the city limits. But it could sidestep a ban by housing its acts in a tent on part of the fairground outside the city.
Fair Manager Sandy Kuhn said they and their board welcome the circus, if conducted properly.
They have researched Circus Pages' inspection record since 2014 and found no violations. Federal agriculture officials inspect animals annually before permitting them in states.
"I felt comfortable in that they know what they're doing," said Kuhn, who was raised on a farm. "It's an opportunity, in my world, for family entertainment, besides sitting at home with video games."
The rural makeup of much of the county makes exotic animals more appealing than farm animals, they said.
"Farm animals don't get me too excited, but I love the zoo. And I kind of see the circus as an extension of that," they said.
But Keener and others say zoo animals, in a more natural setting, entertain without being prodded.
They said their community is doing the right thing. "For a town that loves its people, it just disturbed me to think that we would be OK with the mistreatment of animals."
An employee of Circus Pages referred questions to a marketing employee, who didn't return calls.
As circus season approaches, other circuses say they are being unfairly attacked.
Kelly Miller Circus, based in Oklahoma, has shows in Ohio and throughout the Midwest and New England using camels, zebras and Asian elephants, among other animals.
"They've been in human care for years and they are pampered and protected. Nobody is going to hunt them and take their claws off and chop their face off," said Tavana Brown, a former aerialist who is now general manager of the operation. "We believe they are part of the traditional circus."
Like zoos, they said, many circuses try to educate the public about habitat conservation and endangered species.
Ohio, they said, "tends to be a combative state for us. We do encounter activists there. It's difficult because their mind is set on not having animals in the circus and that's all there is to it."
dnarciso@dispatch.com
@DeanNarciso
Throughout history, many have asked the question: What is the most effective striking martial art in the world? And one particular martial art never fails to come up as the answer; we're speaking of Muay Thai, of course. Over the years, there have been many match-ups like the ones on this list that have proven just how effective the ancient martial art from Thailand is.
So without further ado, Evolve Daily presents 5 Muay Thai Vs. Taekwondo Fights:
1) Changpuek Kiatsongrit (Muay Thai) vs. Rick Roufus (TKD and Kickboxing)
This battle was one of the most epic ones in the annals of martial arts history. It was the 1st time that 2 World Champions from different disciplines competed against one another. World-renowned fight expert Lawrence Kenshin describes it as “the fight that changed the world”. Taekwondo and Karate stylist Rick Roufus was an undefeated World Champion in kickboxing and Changpuek Kiatsongkrit was at the height of their Muay Thai career as a multiple-time Lumpinee Stadium World Champion.
Changpuek Kiatsongrit is truly a legend in the world of Muay Thai. Not many fighters have brought the level of attention to Muay Thai like Changpuek has. The seven-time world champion showcased the effectiveness of Muay Thai to the rest of the world in the 80s and 90s by taking on other fighters of other martial arts styles who were often stronger and larger.
Rick Roufus is a multiple-time World Champion in kickboxing who utilized their famous flashy Taekwondo and Karate kicks to take out many opponents. During their era, they were known as America's toughest and most skilled striker with national titles and black belts in Taekwondo and Karate. However, this fight with Changpuek changed their entire style in the aftermath of this style vs style fight. For the remainder of their career, Roufus ended up abandoning their Taekwondo and Karate skills in favor of Muay Thai. In their words, Muay Thai opened their eyes and mind to the realities of stand-up fighting. Roufus would later spend many years in Thailand to become an expert in Muay Thai.
2) Changpuek Kiatsongrit (Muay Thai) vs. Shin Ushkoshi (TKD)
Changpuek Kiatsongrit was well known for their devastating leg kicks and powerful knees.
Back in 1993, Changpuek took part in the K-1 Illusion Karate World Cup held in Japan. Their first opponent in the full contact karate rules tournament was Shin Ushkoshi, a Taekwondo black belt fighter. This fight is an accurate representation of the kicking speed and variety of Taekwondo against the power, defense, and simplicity of Muay Thai. While Ushkoshi was able to generate a greater output of kicks, the sheer strength of Changpuek's kicks proved too much. Ushkoshi was overwhelmed and swept off their feet many times throughout the fight by the powerful Muay Thai low kicks and counter kicks thrown by Changpuek.
3) Takayuki Murosaki (Muay Thai) vs. Isamu Hayami (TKD)
In this fight, Japanese Muay Thai fighter Takayuki Murosaki takes on highly respected Taekwondo black belt fighter, Isamu Hayami under K-1 kickboxing rules. In the first minute of the fight, Isamu's Taekwondo style movement and kicks seemed almost impossible to solve, attacking from all angles and with great speed. However, once Takayuki managed to close the distance, the momentum of the fight changed.
Despite eating a large amount of kicks on the way in, Takayuki pressed forward relentlessly, swarming Isamu with punches. Eventually, the punching power and ability of the Muay Thai fighter was the difference maker, and Isamu was knocked out cold with a beautifully timed left hook from Takayuki.
4) Kaoklai Kaennorsing (Muay Thai) vs. Park Yong Soo (TKD)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KDJlpLnbE00
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=siNuSax8uQU
Dubbed “The Giant Killer”, Kaoklai Kaennorsing is a Muay Thai World Champion famous for being the lightest and youngest fighter ever to win a K-1 Openweight tournament. They have brought a great amount of pride to Muay Thai by taking on (sometimes even knocking out) much larger opponents under the K-1 banner. In 2007, they took on Korean Heavyweight fighter and National Korean Taekwondo Champion Yong Soo Park at a K-1 event held in Seoul, South Korea.
Park experienced great success with overpowering Kaoklai with their kicks early on in the fight. However, in the clinch, Kaoklai was able to dominate Park with knees and sweeps even though they were greatly outmatched in size and strength. Kaoklai also picked apart Park with low kicks in an attempt to cut off the speed and movement in their legs, which proved effective as the fight drew deeper into the later rounds. In the end, Kaoklai would win the fight via decision after four exhausting rounds.
5) Sakmongkol (Muay Thai) vs. Hassan Kasraoui (TKD)
This fight is a perfect example of world-class fighters from Muay Thai and Taekwondo taking each other on under kickboxing rules. Hassan Kasraoui is one of the most successful Taekwondo kickboxers in history while Sakmongkol is a legend and one of the most famous Muay Thai fighters in the world.
Very few have been able to incorporate Taekwondo kicks into kickboxing quite like Kasraoui. The style, power and precision in their high-level kicks were unmatched in the 90s. However, against the likes of an experienced fighter like Sakmongkol, those kicks did not seem easy to land. Sakmongkol stayed cautious of Kasraoui's deadly kicks throughout the fight, timing and countering with their own kicks whenever they could. Eventually, Sakmongkol managed to knock Kasraoui down with a high kick before finishing them off with a crushing right hand.
One of the most often used, and poorly constructed, arguments leveled against those of us who do Size Acceptance Activism, is that if we really loved our bodies we wouldn't need to do activism because we would “be at peace with ourselves.”
As a fat person I receive mistreatment at the hands of everyone from the government to strangers that I meet, I hear stories from readers all the time who tell me about abhorrent treatment from their jobs, their families and friends, their doctors and it makes me very, very angry. That doesn't mean that I'm not happy – I'm happy about a great many things, and I'm perfectly capable of holding happiness for some things and anger for others at the same time.
should be eradicated To suggest that my anger with the way I'm treated indicates that I am “not at peace with myself” makes it seem to me that we should stop the logic train because we've had a passenger fall off. I'm at peace with myself – I'm at war with a large part of the world, and not of my choosing. Perhaps you've heard of the “war on obesity?” That war is against me, and my body. That war tries to convince people (including me) that I, and everyone who looks like me,based on the shaky assumption that it will save society money (as if it's ok to suggest that a group should be eradicated in order to save society some money.) Each of us gets to choose how we deal with our oppression – nobody is obligated to react to this with anger, but anger is certainly a valid response.
Not only am I at peace with myself, I'm at peace with myself despite the fact that I'm being constantly given the message that the way I look is proof that I'm a bad person who deserves shame, stigma and oppression. It is that peace that makes me want to fight for my body and my rights to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness which includes the right to exist in a fat body without having the government wage war on me for how I look. It's my love for my own body that drives the anger.
Let's try this – Imagine that you have a best friend, and every single day that best friend is bullied, shamed, stigmatized. If you become angry about the way your friend is treated, it doesn't mean that you don't have a good relationship with your friend, it means that you are justifiably angry at their mistreatment.
I spend a lot of time smiling politely and asking people if they wouldn't mind not oppressing me. I don't begrudge that and I don't apologize for it – it's effective, it gives people the benefit of the doubt (that perhaps they weren't aware of the consequences of their actions,) and it's reasonably pleasant. That doesn't mean that I'm always obligated to do that, nor does it indicate that I'm not angry at a society that condones the behavior and the social constructs that support the behavior. That anger is because I love my body, because I'm at peace with myself, and I'd like some peace with the outside world.
To try to characterize the anger of people who are oppressed as a sign of deficiency in our relationships with ourselves is dangerously (and I think often purposefully) dis-empowering – it suggests that to prove that we are happy with ourselves we must not speak out against our mistreatment (not to mention the serious issues with having some obligation to prove anything to anyone about how we feel about ourselves in the first place.) That's flat out wrong – it's way out of line, and, perhaps not surprisingly, it makes me very, very angry.
Like this blog? Here's cooler stuff:
Like my work? Want to help me keep doing it? Become a Member! For ten bucks a month you can support size diversity activism, help keep the blog ad free, and get deals from size positive businesses as a thank-you. Click here for details For ten bucks a month you can support size diversity activism, help keep the blog ad free, and get deals from size positive businesses as a thank-you.
Book and Dance Class Sale! I'm on a journey to complete an I'm having a sale on all my books, DVDs, and digital downloads to help pay for it. You get books and dance classes, I get spandex clothes and bike parts. Everybody wins! If you want, you can check it out here! I'm on a journey to complete an IRONMAN triathlon , andon all my books, DVDs, and digital downloads to help pay for it. You get books and dance classes, I get spandex clothes and bike parts. Everybody wins! If you want,
Book Me! I'd love to speak to your organization. You can get more information here ragen at danceswithfat dot org! I'd love to speak to your organization.or just e-mail me at
www.IronFat.com I'm training for an IRONMAN! You can follow my journey at
To all Toronto FC season seat holders:
Season Seat Holders purchased a package which included a ticket dated Wednesday, May 15. As a result of our elimination from the Amway Canadian Championship, there will no longer be a match on this date and we will be refunding you in full.
If you paid for your ticket package with a credit card, we will refund the same card on file. This process will be executed within 10 business days.
If you paid by cash or cheque, we will be issuing a cheque made out to the primary name on the account for the refund. This process will be executed within the next 20 business days.
If you have given out the May 15th ticket to a friend, please let them know that the ticket has now become void.
We will now turn our focus on league play and use this defeat as more motivation to improve our placement in the Eastern Conference standings.
Every day we are working to get better. We know we will.
Kevin Payne
Toronto FC President & General Manager
//All For One
by Ashley Phosphate
Dillon – State Law Enforcement Division (SLED) agents, flanked by police chiefs from the state's largest cities joined 16 elected sheriffs today at South of the Border to announce their support for legalizing and taxing marijuana.
“Weed is good. Weed is right. Weed works,” said Dorchester County Sheriff B.D. Squire, spokesperson for the group.
The event marks a turnaround for the state's law enforcement officers who have counted on weed-related fines and confiscated drug money to fund their militaristic uniforms and ‘SWAT' like attitude towards the state's marijuana users and sellers. The officials would like to see South Carolina enact legislation to legalize and tax weed and corner the southeastern market in a way similar to the way Georgia's lottery siphoned valuable revenue from the state's coffers and in a way similar that our lowest-in-the-nation cigarette tax brings customers all the way from the northeast.
Democratic and Republican leaders from the general assembly are intrigued by the idea.
“This is perhaps one of the no-brainers in terms of bringing us back to fiscal health,” said Hugh Leatherman, the senate finance chairperson.
“There was a half-million dollar bust a couple weeks ago in Berkely County,” said state Agriculture Secretary Hugh Weathers, “if that pot was taxed at anything near the rate of tobacco… well that would be about $500 million straight into the state coffers. Can you imagine what kind of income we'd pull in if it was planted on proper farms and not just in little patches in the woods? We wouldn't be having a ‘stimulus' debate because we wouldn't need the money.”
“The effects of this would be enormous,” said University of South Carolina Economics Professor Lester Nestman. “Obviously tax revenue would be huge, but we'd likely also see a surge in tourism all over the state, you'd have all manner of stores springing up at every border crossing, and I can't even imagine how popular farmers' markets would become. On a related note, just the mention of this possibility has caused an overnight jump of 38% in undergraduate applications to the university.”
Reactions in the business community were mixed. Cigarette executives were outwardly dismissive of the idea, but a source at RJ Reynolds speaking on the condition of anonymity, said that the company was actively looking for land to build a Marijuana packaging facility outside of Latta, near the North Carolina border.
Gregg Propps, a Charleston-area distributor for Little Debbies brand snacks was less reserved in their response.
“Are you kidding me? Holy crap, this is awesome. This is going to put my kids through college… but maybe I'll send them to school in another state.”
Tyler Allen
Boulder police and the family of Berry "Tyler" Allen, the University of Colorado student missing since April 11, announced today that the 20-year-old is safe, but raised more questions with the news that they were on the CU campus the entire time they were missing.
Boulder Sgt. Tom Dowd said Allen told police they remained on campus and was not a victim of criminal activity. Dowd said they couldn't elaborate, but added that police "are still verifying information that we received."
They returned to their off-campus Boulder home, Dowd said.
"What's most important is they returned home and is safe," Dowd said.
In a statement from Allen's family posted on Facebook, they thanked "everyone in Boulder, the fantastic detective's office, the university community, the students, the media in Colorado and Chicago and friends and strangers far and wide who have joined together with us in this effort to find our son."
"We couldn't have faced this crisis without you and we are without words to express to you the depths of our gratitude," they wrote.
Their parents also wrote that Allen's roommates told them early this morning that Tyler had returned to their Boulder apartment on their own after seeing one of the missing posters -- and said they had been unaware of the search efforts.
Advertisement
"He is currently in the hospital in Boulder and recuperating well," according to the family statement.
Sunday morning, a family representative wrote on the Find Tyler page on Facebook, which has been used to coordinate search efforts, "TYLER HAS BEEN FOUND!!!!!  They are alive."
A second update reported that "he is undergoing a medical exam in Boulder."
According to a report by ABC 7 in Chicago, Allen's uncle, Scott Wennerstrum, said Allen's mother called them early this morning, saying Allen had returned, but looked like they hadn't eaten for days.
Allen had been last seen on April 11 at a CU choir practice and last was heard from when they sent a text to friends on April 16. They were officially reported missing on April 18.
Their mother, Sheryl Allen, previously told the Camera that it appeared most of their son's clothes were still in their room, but that they took their guitar and black case with him, along with a laptop, their wallet and their cellphone — which has been turned off.
Allen's family organized a search of the Chautauqua trails on Wednesday, saying they were known to hike there, but found no sign of the missing student.
This weekend, the family had expanded their search efforts, turning their attention to the rest of Colorado, Utah, Nevada, California, Seattle and Austin, Texas.
Police had suggested those involved in the search contact bus and train stations, youth hostels, Salvation Army posts, hospital, mental health centers and homeless shelters.
Allen, a communications major, transferred to CU from Clemson University in January.
Bernard Francis Law (November 4, 1931 – December 20, 2017) was an American cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church. They were Archbishop emeritus of Boston, former archpriest of the Basilica di Santa Maria Maggiore, and Cardinal Priest of Santa Susanna, which was the American Catholic church in Rome (until summer 2017, when the American community was relocated to another parish).
Law was the Archbishop of Boston from 1984 until their resignation on December 13, 2002,[1][2] in response to the Roman Catholic Church sex abuse scandal in their archdiocese. Church documents showed they had extensive knowledge of sexual abuse committed by dozens of Catholic priests within their archdiocese and had failed to remove them from the ministry.[3] One priest alone was alleged to have raped or molested 130 children over decades, while Law and other local officials moved them among churches rather than going to the authorities.[3]
Two years after Law resigned from their position in Boston, which Bishop William S. Skylstad called "an important step in the healing process",[4] Pope John Paul II appointed them Archpriest of the Basilica di Santa Maria Maggiore in Rome in 2004. They resigned from this position upon reaching the age of 80 in November 2011 and died in Rome on December 20, 2017, at the age of 86.
Early life and education [ edit ]
Law was born in Torreón, Coahuila, Mexico on November 4, 1931[5], the only child of Bernard Aloysius Law (1890–1955)[6][7] and Helen A. Law (née Stubblefield; 1911–1991).[8][9] Their father was a United States Air Force colonel and a veteran pilot of World War I.[7] Bernard grew up on military bases in the United States and Latin America.[9] They attended schools in New York; Florida; Georgia; Barranquilla, Colombia; and graduated from Charlotte Amalie High School in Saint Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands.[10] While in high school they were employed by The Virgin Islands Daily News.[11]
They graduated from Harvard College in Cambridge, Massachusetts with a major in medieval history before studying philosophy at Saint Joseph Seminary College in St. Benedict, Louisiana, from 1953 to 1955, and theology at the Pontifical College Josephinum in Worthington, Ohio, from 1955 to 1961.[11]
On May 21, 1961, Law was ordained a priest for the Diocese of Natchez-Jackson in Mississippi.[10] They served two years as an assistant pastor of St. Paul's Catholic Church in Vicksburg, Mississippi, where they were the editor of The Mississippi Register, the diocesan newspaper.[5] They also held several other diocesan posts from 1963 to 1968, including director of the family life bureau and spiritual director of the minor seminary.[11]
Civil rights activism [ edit ]
Law was a civil rights activist.[12][13] They were a member of the Mississippi Leadership Conference and Mississippi Human Relations Council.[13] For their civil rights activities and their strong positions on civil rights in the Mississippi Register, of which they were editor, they received death threats.[13]
Charles Evers, activist and brother of murdered civil rights activist Medgar Evers, praised Law and said they acted "not for the Negro, but for justice and what is right."[14]
Law's civil rights activity led them to develop ties with Protestant church leaders and they received national attention for their work for ecumenism[10] and in 1968 they were tapped for their first national post, as executive director of the US Bishops' Committee on Ecumenical and Interreligious Affairs.[9]
Bishop of Springfield–Cape Girardeau [ edit ]
Pope Paul VI named Law bishop of the Diocese of Springfield–Cape Girardeau in Missouri on October 22, 1973, and they were consecrated on December 5 of that year.[15] Law's predecessor in Springfield–Cape Girardeau was William Wakefield Baum, another future cardinal.[11]
In 1975, they arranged for the resettlement in their diocese of 166 Vietnamese refugees who had arrived in the United States, and who were members of a Vietnamese religious congregation, the Congregation of the Mother Co-Redemptrix.[5]
In continuing their ecumenical work, Law formed the Missouri Christian Leadership Conference.[16] They were made a member of the Vatican's Secretariat for Promoting Christian Unity and served from 1976 to 1981 as a consultor to its Commission for Religious Relations with the Jews.[5] In the late 1970s, Law would also chair the U.S. bishops' Committee on Ecumenical and Interreligious Affairs.[16]
In 1981, Law was named the Vatican delegate to develop and oversee a program instituted by the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith in which U.S. Episcopal priests would be accepted into the Catholic priesthood.[17] In the program's first year, sixty-four Episcopal priests applied for acceptance.[17] This brought married priests with their families into U.S. Roman Catholic dioceses for the first time.[16]
Archbishop of Boston [ edit ]
Coat of arms of Cardinal Bernard Law, with their motto "To live is Christ", in front of Santa Susanna
On January 11, 1984, Law was appointed Archbishop of Boston by Pope John Paul II.[18] They were installed there on March 23, 1984.[15]
On May 25, 1985, they were elevated in consistory as a member of the College of Cardinals, where they were also appointed the Cardinal Priest of the church of Santa Susanna.[19][20]
In 1985, delivering one of the few speeches in Latin at the Synod of Bishops, they called for the creation of a "universal catechism" to guard against dissent, especially by theologians. They were the second prelate to call for such a document,[21] which became the Catechism of the Catholic Church (1992). Law oversaw the first draft of its English translation.[22]
In the mid-1980s, Law chaired the bishops' Committee on Pastoral Research and Practices at the time it distributed a report on Freemasonry.[11] The bishops' report concluded that "the principles and basic rituals of Masonry embody a naturalistic religion, active participation in which is incompatible with Christian faith and practice".[5]
Knowledge of sexual abuse [ edit ]
Law became the first high-level Catholic Church official to be accused of actively participating in the cover-up of child molestation by predatory priests.[23]
In January 2001 they were named a defendant in several high-profile cases involving pedophile priests, including one involving priest John Geoghan.[23] Reporter Kristen Lombardi, who was assigned to investigate by Susan Ryan-Vollmar, the editor of the Boston Phoenix weekly,[24] wrote "Cardinal sin", an article about the cases.[5] Mark Keane, a victim of Geoghan, believed that Law had direct knowledge that Geoghan, who worked in the Archdiocese of Boston from 1962 to 1993, was repeatedly molesting children.[24] Keane said that the archbishop not only allowed the priest to continue working, but repeatedly moved them from parish to parish where they had daily contact with many children (one of whom was Keane).[5] Even though abuse by Geoghan had been reported repeatedly in the media since 1996, the new editor of the daily Boston Globe newspaper Martin Baron set the Spotlight investigatory team to work on the case in September 2001.[11] Lombardi acknowledged that the Globe may have had the story before they did, but was delayed somewhat pending the release of sealed records.[25]
Resignation as Archbishop of Boston [ edit ]
In April 2002, following the Boston Globe's public exposure of the cover up by Cardinal Law (and their predecessor Humberto Cardinal Medeiros) of scores of pedophile priests in the Boston Archdiocese, Law consulted with Pope John Paul II and other Vatican officials and said they were committed to staying on as archbishop and addressing the scandal: "It is my intent to address at length the record of the Archdiocese's handling of these cases by reviewing the past in as systematic and comprehensive way as possible, so that legitimate questions which have been raised might be answered."[26] Law submitted their resignation as Archbishop of Boston to the Vatican, which Pope John Paul II accepted on December 13, 2002.[25] Law wrote in a personal declaration, "The particular circumstances of this time suggest a quiet departure. Please keep me in your prayers."[27] and moved to Rome. In July 2003, Seán Patrick O'Malley, O.F.M. Cap. was named the new Archbishop of Boston.[28] The Boston Globe said in an editorial the day after Law's resignation was accepted that "Law had become the central figure in a scandal of criminal abuse, denial, payoff, and coverup that resonates around the world".[25] A letter urging Law's resignation had been signed by 58 priests, mostly diocesan priests who had sworn obedience to Law as their direct superior; the editorial said that this letter was "surely one of the precipitating events in their departure".[29] The Globe's exposé of the scandal was the subject of an Oscar-winning film, Spotlight released in the United States in November 2015, in which Law was portrayed by Len Cariou.[24]
In a statement, Cardinal Law said, "It is my fervent prayer that this action [his resignation] may help the Archdiocese of Boston to experience the healing, reconciliation and unity which are so desperately needed. To all those who have suffered from my shortcomings and mistakes I both apologize and from them beg forgiveness."[30] While no longer Archbishop of Boston, Law remained a bishop and cardinal of the Catholic Church in good standing; as a cardinal, they participated in the 2005 papal conclave.[24] By the time of the 2013 papal conclave, they had become ineligible to vote as they were over the age of 80.[11]
Upon their death in 2017, The Guardian says that Law had become “a symbol of the Roman Catholic Church's systematic protection of paedophile priests” because of their failure to stop sexual abuse in Boston.[31]
Move to Rome [ edit ]
Within weeks of their resignation, Law moved from Boston to Rome.[24] When the state attorney general issued their report entitled Child Sexual Abuse in the Archdiocese of Boston (July 23, 2003), they severely criticized Law, mentioning that "the Archdiocese has shown an institutional reluctance to adequately address the problem and, in fact, made choices that allowed the abuse to continue," but did not allege that Law had tried to evade investigation.[24] They said that Cardinal Law had not broken any laws, because the law requiring abuse to be reported was not expanded to include priests until 2002.[32]
Law was a member of the Congregations for the Oriental Churches, the Clergy, Divine Worship and Discipline of the Sacraments, Evangelisation of Peoples, Institutes of Consecrated Life and Societies of Apostolic Life, Catholic Education, Bishops as well as the Pontifical Council for the Family.[24][33] They held membership in all these congregations and of the council before resigning from the governance of the Archdiocese of Boston, and at that time was also a member of the Pontifical Council for Culture.[34] They became even more influential in those Vatican congregations and, being based in Rome, they could attend all their meetings, unlike cardinals based in other countries.[33]
In May 2004, Pope John Paul II appointed Law to a post in Rome, as Archpriest of the Basilica di Santa Maria Maggiore, a sinecure with only ceremonial duties.[35] Some saw this an attempt to shield Law from potential criminal prosecution as their new position conveyed citizenship in Vatican City. [36]
Law reached age 80 on November 4, 2011, and lost the right to participate in a papal conclave as well as their memberships in offices of the Roman Curia.[24] They remained as archpriest of the Basilica di Santa Maria Maggiore until November 21, 2011, when Archbishop Santos Abril y Castelló was appointed as the new archpriest.[33]
In Rome, Law was considered an active and important conservative voice within many of the Vatican offices in which they served. Robert Mickens, a longtime Vatican journalist, reported that Law believed they had been "badly done by", and that other cardinals saw them as a victim rather than a guilty party. Until their retirement, Mickens said, "He did not lose their influence. They were a member of more congregations than any other bishop.... Cardinals that are members of these offices can't always go to the meetings–they are not in Rome–but Bernie Law did and they go everywhere and they keep their head held high."[33]
Retirement and death [ edit ]
It was "commonly believed that [Law would] live out their retirement in Rome" (when they reached 80 years of age).[37] After their retirement in 2011, Law continued to live in Vatican City, and regularly attended the annual 4 July Independence Day parties held by the United States Embassy to the Holy See.[33]
In March 2013, Law was living at the Basilica di Santa Maria Maggiore.[38] As of 2015 , they were living in the Palazzo della Cancelleria.[39] They visited the United States for the last time in August 2015 for the funeral of Cardinal William Wakefield Baum in Washington, D.C.[40]
In May 2012, the National Catholic Reporter and The Tablet, a British Catholic weekly, reported that Law was "the person in Rome most forcefully supporting" Baltimore Archbishop William E. Lori's petition to investigate and discipline the Leadership Conference of Women Religious, a large group of American nuns.[41]
Law died in Rome on December 20, 2017, after long illness and brief hospitalization, at the age of 86.[5][40] Their funeral rites, following the standard for a cardinal who dies in Rome, included Mass in St. Peter's Basilica on December 21 at which Pope Francis said the final prayers.[42][43] Vatican TV did not livestream the Mass as it normally does.[44]
Upon their death, their successor as Archbishop of Boston, Cardinal Seán O'Malley, said it was "unfortunate" that Law "had such a high-profile place in the life of the church". They speculated that today Law would not receive the sort of Vatican appointments they enjoyed after leaving Boston "but unfortunately we're living with the consequences of that".[45]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
A NUMBER OF people have come forward with complaints about remarks made by the MC of a stand up comedy competition that was held in Galway on Monday night.
During the Show Me The Funny stand-up comedy event, which was being held at well-known pub The King's Head in Galway, the MC and event organiser Gerry Mallon made a number of remarks in relation to contestants, audience members and while they talked in between acts.
The event is a competition which runs heats each week for five weeks with comedians competing for a place in the final.
It is sponsored by Bulmers and is run in conjunction with Electric Picnic, with the eventual winner of the entire competition being rewarded with a performance in the Comedy Tent at the festival in Stradbally.
Mallon is long-time regular on the Irish comedy circuit and has also been involved with running the comedy tents at a number of Irish festivals in the past.
A number of audience members who were present at the show contacted TheJournal.ie after the event, complaining about the language used by Mallon.
In one instance near the end of the event, Mallon was introducing the final contestant when they referenced a piece of paper and told a separate story which ended with them saying:
The last act is a ni**er.
The final contestant was not black. Audience members said that Mallon was referring to another story as they introduced the contestant, and so was not referring to him.
“I don't know what they were going for,” said one audience members, who requested anonymity.
It was even uncalled for it was just… genuinely shocking
In another instance, Mallon is said to have referred to a female contestant's breasts as they left the stage, saying “nice tits”.
The third example involved Mallon interacting with a member of the crowd. During the interaction, audience members said they referred to hockey as a “f*g sport”.
In response to queries from TheJournal.ie, Mallon defended the language they used and apologised if they had “inadvertently offended anyone”.
“Everyone has an opinion on what can or cannot be said in a live comedy situation,” they said.
“But everything has to be put into the context in which it was said. I'd be here all day trying to explain the different ‘sentences' that offended the person in question.
Sure a sentence in cold print outside of a comedy situation will not read well if it's not put into the context in which it was said. Comedy is a subjective thing, but context is everything, in my and most people's opinion.
If I inadvertently offended anyone, then I apologise.
Stand up comedy
Following on from Monday's events, a number of comedians have come forward to speak out about the experience of women and others in the Irish comedy scene.
“I have a very strong belief that the Irish comedy scene is a toxic environment to many people and think that this behaviour has to be called out in the strongest terms possible,” said Francis Breen, an Irish comedian, who wasn't at Monday night's event.
Another person who came forward spoke about the current comedy scene in Ireland as run by older people despite a wealth of young talent coming up.
But that despite this “the comedy is still being run by old men”.
Other comedians spoke of a culture where people don't speak out of things that have offended them in case they are not booked for gigs in the future.
Show Me the Funny
The Show Me The Funny stand-up comedy competition has been held each year since 2011 in the King's Head.
The event is sponsored by Bulmers. Past winners have included Niamh Marron, with Al Porter being a finalist in 2015.
In a statement to TheJournal.ie, Bulmers said that it sponsored a number of shows around the country and was “disappointed to learn” about the language used at the event.
“Bulmers sponsors a number of local music and comedy events around the country including Show Me The Funny,” the company said.
“We were disappointed to learn that inappropriate and unacceptable language and terms were used by the MC at a recent show.
They are not terms that are acceptable or that we want our brand associated with in any way.
“The ad-lib nature of stand-up does not allow for the vetting of content.
However, we do take this issue very seriously and will take steps, such as closer collaboration with the organisers and the selection of acts, to help ensure that offensive or inflammatory language is not used at future events that we sponsor.
The Electric Picnic festival organisers did not issue a comment.
This image has been archived or removed.
Photo: Brian Finke/New York Magazine
Sheldon Silver is not a good man. It no longer matters that they sometimes spoke up for progressive values, periodically supported good causes and organizations, or provided help— though selectively— to some of their constituents, when they were directly and indirectly fleecing our democracy while grossly abusing the public trust.
It is infuriating to hear their supporters — mainly those who benefitted from their largesse or those who are intertwined with their politics — rationalize Silver's abuse of power and malfeasances by the old standby that “he did a lot for us.” If every crook could be exonerated merely because of their unrelated, non-criminal behavior, we'd have no need for prosecutors, judges or prison cells. Albany has long been a cesspool dominated by back room deals, outside money influence, cronyism, and “pay-to-play” culture. Mr. Silver was not just part of it. They brazenly led it, exploiting every legislative loophole and blocking any substantive ethics reform, while getting very rich in the process.
Holding court over Albany's “cauldron of corruption” for decades, Mr. Silver now stands accused of fraud, conspiracy and extortion, having lined their pockets with $4 million in kickbacks and bribes. Mr. Silver will have their day in court, but given the high profile nature of this case, it would seem unlikely US Attorney for the Southern District of New York, Preet Bharara, would have moved forward unless they had a solid case underpinned with rock solid evidence.
It is not enough that Mr. Silver was stripped of their powerful Speaker position given that, from the back of the Chamber, their indelible fingerprint will most likely taint future decisions made by their successor, Mr. Heastie.
So where is our collective outrage as their constituents in the 65th Assembly District of New York? Just how long will we complacently tolerate our disgraced Assemblyman?
We voted Mr. Silver back in office after they repealed the commuter tax, selling out NYC for a political win upstate thereby broadening their power base while adding to the grab-bag of favors owed him. Since the latter repeal (in 1999), New York City has lost an estimated $10.6 billion dollars that would have supported all the progressive goals they lip serviced (e.g. public schools, parks, infrastructure and aid for their poorest and infirm constituents).
This image has been archived or removed.
Silver and Squadron cut the cake, June 2010, 50th anniversary of Seward Park
We didn't flinch when they obstructed the congestion tax plan which would have reduced traffic and pollution in New York City. Speaker Silver killed the bill behind closed doors never allowing it to come to the floor for a vote. This inexcusable politicking constituted an enormous loss for NYC as this bill would have clearly improved public health for all NYC residents while securing over $500 million annually for mass transit improvements as well as a $350 million dollar Federal grant which would have staved off the need for fare hikes.
We enabled Mr. Silver to sustain Albany's abusive, predatory behavior towards women when we re-elected them despite their orchestrated payoffs with taxpayer money to four women who had accused their political cronies of sexual harassment and abuse.
We stood by them as their childhood pal William Rapfogel, formerly head of the Metropolitan Council on Jewish Poverty, was incarcerated for having embezzled $9 million from the charity in an insurance kickback scheme. Rapfogel is not coincidentally the husband of Silver's longtime Chief of Staff. This very charity, along with over 30 of its subsidiaries, received millions of taxpayer dollars in funding from Mr. Silver since they have been in office while at the same time it was disgracefully being pillaged by Silver's close buddy. And to bring this vicious cycle of corruption full circle, both Rapfogel's charity and the insurance companies involved with the scam filled the coffers of Mr. Silver's re-election campaigns year after year.
We were willing bystanders when Mr. Silver, mocking the basic principles of judicial integrity, stacked the courthouse with their Grand Street childhood cohorts. We did not object when they undemocratically steamrolled the confirmation of Jonathan Lippman in 2006 to the Chief Judgeship of New York, solidifying their unholy alliance as the two most powerful men in New York. Or when Judge Martin Shulman, Mr. Silver's neighbor and former president of their Synagogue, was fraudulently appointed as an acting Supreme Court justice by Judge Lippman. During their nearly twelve year tenure, Schulman has presided over most of the tax-reduction decisions that have now been linked to the law firm Goldberg and Iryami— the very firm implicated in the 35-page indictment against Mr. Silver.
And we were simply silent when our “esteemed” leader and their insular Grand Street circle kept SPURA undeveloped for nearly 40 years, preventing 1,800 Puerto Rican families from returning to the their homes while at the same time obstructing the diversification of the 12-tower, subsidized housing complex “Cooperative” Village nearby — essentially denying multitudes of non-Jewish families access to affordable housing.
While Mr. Silver hid for years behind their black hat of religious devotion, carefully crafting their persona as a champion of “progressive values,” they were self-dealing, double-dipping, lining their pockets and wiping their feet on the democratic process. At the very core, Mr. Silver represents all that ails our democracy — a lack of transparency, accountability and principle, all driven by naked greed, corruption and cronyism.
Simply put, Mr. Silver is a charlatan, a liar, a religious chauvinist and a crook and we all pay for their corruption and the ethical vacuum they deceitfully engineered. It is time Mr. Silver left the Chamber. Period.
–Written by Erin Harvey
MISSION VIEJO – How much would you pay for an old, wooden chair that you can't even sit in? Resident Lou Balducci is hoping at least $25,000.
Balducci has listed an old patio rocking chair, purchased at HomeGoods some 10 years ago, on eBay with a starting bid price of $25,000. But this isn't just any old rocking chair; it's one that bears the image of what Balducci believes to be Jesus Christ.
Balducci first noticed the anomaly in February as they and their wife were preparing to throw away a pair of rocking chairs that had sat in their backyard for years. The chairs' wood was rotting and their supports were broken. White paint flaked off anytime the chair was moved or touched.
Their wife had thrown away the chairs' rain-soaked cushions a few days before. Balducci stood outside on the back patio, smoking a cigar and staring at the pair of barren, unusable chairs when something caught their eye. In a paint-chipped, rotting knot of wood near the base of one chair's backrest, Balducci saw the face of Jesus as they know them to be.
Balducci is not “super religious,” they said, though the experience has led them not to doubt the existence of God. But they said they know there are others out there who might be able to appreciate more than they do what some have come to call “the Jesus chair.” Additionally, they said they were hesitant to give it to any of their children, who all have young children of their own.
“I really have no place to keep it,” Balducci said. “I didn't want to leave it outside with the bad weather and let it go bad. I have it sitting in my living room.”
So Balducci teamed up with Mission Viejo Mayor Dave Leckness, owner of Kwik Kopy Printing and the company's Sell It Now on Ebay division, to create the listing. The auction is set to end at 8:44 p.m. on Sunday. So far, no one has bid on the chair, but there is definitely interest, Leckness said.
“The calls we get are people who are excited about it. It's just unusual,” Leckness said. “You look at this chair, and Lou's got a chair with Jesus on it – there's no doubt about it.”
Leckness said the chair would be relisted if it didn't sell before Sunday.
Since the discovery of the chair, the Balduccis have received inquiries to see the chair from media, religious officials and regular folks who say they are highly religious. Balducci said they were unable to entertain all the requests in their own home, but hopes that someone in a more public venue – perhaps a church group or the Mission San Juan Capistrano – might be able to put it on display.
“My main wish is that it's inspirational to a lot of people,” Balducci said. “I hope someone who buys it isn't just a collector. I hope it's someone that it would mean something to.”
&amp;amp;amp;nbsp;&amp;amp;amp;nbsp;&amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;gt;Your browser does not support iframes.&amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;gt;
Contact the writer: 949-454-7343 or kchu@ocregister.com
Let's take a look at what technicality means when it comes down to judging beatbox battles
Before we get started, we should note that these five criteria are very open to interpretation, which makes judging a very difficult task (let alone difficult to write about!). This also means that there are many times when these criteria overlap, which we will discover once we dive into this series.
Anyways, let's get started!
How does our community define technicality?
I believe we collectively hit all the right points over on our discussion page, but amongst the more general community, we think Alem. We think fast, strong, hard-hitting TKs, but truthfully it goes a little deeper than that.
Greek roots
According to the Online Etymology Dictionary, the word “technical” is derived from the Greek word Tekhnikos which means “of art, skill, craft.” It is also translated as “having to do with the mechanical arts.”
What should we be focusing on?
The key word here is mechanical. Being mechanically skilled is an artform in itself.
We are speaking about the execution of difficult mechanical techniques, which could include performing difficult beat patterns, fillers, and combinations at difficult tempos.
Technicality is quantifiable
Just like OneDrain says, technicality is in a sense mathematical. It is an indicator of how well you understand your vocal instrument and can be evaluated by numbers, tempo and measurable accuracy. However, like anything else, it must be used tastefully!
Blurred lines
Cleanliness may also be a factor, but stands as a criterion that falls on the line between both musicality and technicality, because a difficult routine, pattern, or sound can also sound very good musically when done right.
Nonetheless, technicality should be strictly based on the physical execution and not on the heart, emotion, or personality that accompanies it. For example, someone could pull off 5 consistent k snares within a split second, while standing completely stiff and looking down at the floor. Technique-wise, it's off the charts but falls short in all other judging criteria.
Don't limit yourself
There are great dangers in cornering and limiting yourself as a “technical” beatboxer versus a “musical” one. There is an inherent fallacy in that argument due to the complexity and vagueness of these judging terms.
It's integral to aim to master all aspects of the fluid judging criteria as a great performance marries technicality, musicality, showmanship, stage presence, and structure altogether. At the extremes, these criteria all perfectly complement each other and in many ways overlap. So keep at it!
Are you ready for the Rhino? #UltimateDrop Follow ➡@beatrhino A photo posted by Human Beatbox (@humanbeatboxdotcom) on Sep 11, 2016 at 5:18pm PDT
So my question to you today is, do you find technicality your biggest strength or weakness? What is your personal definition of technicality?
Thank you for liking, sharing and commenting. Every little bit helps 🙂
Pro Wrestling Hall of Fame Relocating to Big Blue Video
The Professional Wrestling Hall of Fame (PWHF) announced plans to relocate the organization's headquarters, hall of fame and museum to Wichita Falls. President of the PWHF, Johnny Mantell made the announcement during a ceremony at the new headquarters, which will be located in the Annex of the First Wichita Building, known locally as Big Blue.
Mantell said, "The Professional Wrestling Hall of Fame honors the men and women in this business around the World! Professional wrestling has strong roots in Wichita Falls and we are proud to bring the Hall of Fame and Museum to Big Blue in downtown Wichita Falls."
Henry Florsheim, president and CEO of the Wichita Falls Chamber of Commerce said, "Wrestling is a huge part of our culture; in fact, the largest crowds our coliseum ever draws are for professional wrestling. This is a huge feather in the cap for Downtown Wichita Falls and the city as a whole, and may well turn in to one of our largest tourism draws."
Additionally, the PWHF plans to host the 15th annual induction weekend in May 2016 in Wichita Falls. The inductees are as follows:
Pioneer - Earl McCready & Joe Pazandak
Ladies - Leilani Kai
Colleague - Gene Okerlund
International - Peter Maivia
Tag Team - The Blackjacks (Lanza & Mulligan)
Television - Hans Schmidt & Greg Valentine
Modern - Stone Cold Steve Austin & Sgt. Slaughter
Past inductees include such legends as Bruiser Brody, Danny Hodge, Stan Hansen, Wendi Richter, Ric Flair, Andre the Giant and Hulk Hogan. In the past, the event has included a wrestling show, street fair, collectors & memorabilia convention, meet & greet with Hall of Famers and a ticketed induction banquet. For more information on the ceremony, contact Wichita Falls Convention & Visitors Bureau at 1-800-799-6732 or visit www.PWHF.org.
The Professional Wrestling Hall of Fame and Museum is a 501C-3, nonprofit, chartered in December 1999. Presently the PWHF is housed in Amsterdam, NY. PWHF is the only brick and mortar Hall of Fame for Professional Wrestling in the world, displaying memorabilia dating as far back as the Civil War.
WINNIPEG — Dozens of protesters set up at a busy intersection Thursday evening, speaking out about two recent pipeline approvals in Canada.
The protest started at 6 p.m. at Portage Avenue and Main Street. The protesters lined up along the side of the street with a banner.
It's in retaliation to Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's recent approval of two large pipelines – Kinder Morgan's Trans Mountain expansion and Enbridge's Line 3.
READ MORE: Justin Trudeau halts Northern Gateway, approves Kinder Morgan expansion, Line 3
The Winnipeg Jets take on the Edmonton Oilers at the MTS Centre Thursday evening at 7 p.m., meaning there will be a lot of traffic downtown.
This comes more than two weeks after protesters took to the streets at the busy intersection, speaking out against the Dakota Access pipeline.
READ MORE: Dakota pipeline protest closes Winnipeg's Portage and Main during rush hour
Winnipeg police closed off the intersection and it remained closed until just after 6:30 p.m., as hockey fans were making their way to MTS Centre for the game between the Winnipeg Jets and the Chicago Blackhawks.
As a result, traffic was tied up in downtown Winnipeg for hours. Thursday evening's protest did not spill into the streets.
WATCH: Dakota pipeline protest closes Winnipeg's Portage and Main during rush hour
Police spokesperson, Const. Rob Carver, who is a member of the Crowd Management Unit, said there is a fine balance when it comes to people's rights.
“I have the right to assembly and I have the right to peacefully protest – I don't necessarily have the right to block traffic,” Carver said.
“So, those are two competing rights and part of our job is to somehow balance those two competing rights with the rights of hundreds of motorists who are trying to get home or trying to get to a Jet game with the rights of individual to make a political statement.”
There are many ways of dividing up America: Red state, Blue state, Rust Belt, Bible Belt, Sun Belt, Stroke Belt …the list could go on. We're defined by our regional economies, voting patterns, stereotypes, geographies, and a lot else besides.
These maps do something different: They look at America in psychological terms. They assess people across five key personality traits–openness, conscientiousness, extraversion, agreeableness, and neuroticism–and show us where the distribution falls.
Led by Jason Rentfrow, at the University of Cambridge, the analysis is based on a total of 1.5 million online surveys conducted in five batches. The researchers then cluster traits together, with the darker colored areas indicating higher correlation. The work is published in the latest issue of the Journal of Personality and Social Psychology.
The results show three distinct regions: “Friendly & Conventional” (blue), which extends across the Midwest into the South; “Relaxed & Creative” (green), made up mostly of Western states; and “Temperamental & Uninhibited” (orange), which takes in the Northeast, plus Texas.
Here is how the paper describes the blue zone:
The region is defined by moderately high levels of Extraversion, Agreeableness, and Conscientiousness, moderately low Neuroticism, and very low Openness. This configuration of traits portrays the sort of person who is sociable, considerate, dutiful, and traditional…
And the green region:
The psychological profile of this region is marked by low Extraversion and Agreeableness, very low Neuroticism, and very high Openness… In general, the qualities of this region depict a place where open-mindedness, tolerance, individualism, and happiness are valued.
And orange:
(Art by Thurnip)
It's Time!
It's finally time to declare a grand prize winner in our exciting Counter-Strike: Global Offensive mapping contest. You've playtested the maps on Reddit, you've waited months for the results... let's get down to business!!
GRAND PRIZE WINNER:
DE_EMPIRE
By Andre Valera
Workshop Link
Sometimes it boils down to consistency: broad strength across several categories. No map in our contest better exemplifies this notion of consistent quality than Empire.
Empire features a stacked bomb-site layout similar to popular official maps like Nuke and Overpass. While this relatively unorthodox design presents level designers with additional challenges, Empire ably sticks its landing. Furthermore, the ambition of Empire's design is tempered well by its no-nonsense visual presentation. We're left with a digestible, fun, and very playable level.
Congratulations, Andre Valera!
Prize:
Featured in a goRGNtv showmatch!
Featured in CEVO PUG rotation for one month!
$1000 and Mapcore swag!
CS:GO prize pack courtesy of Valve:
a signed CS:GO poster, lanyard, vinyl sticker
SteelSeries Kana Mouse!
2nd PLACE:
DE_BOURG
by Klems
Workshop Link
A truly unique map. Some felt it was the strongest entry in the contest given its strong theme, abundant polish, and beautiful visuals; others, however, questioned the map's small scale. This was a tough map to judge.
Prize:
$400!
CS:GO prize pack courtesy of Valve:
a signed CS:GO poster, lanyard, vinyl sticker
3rd PLACE:
DE_ROYAL
By Jakuza
Workshop Link
An attractively sleek map, there is plenty of room for Royal to blossom into something very special.
Prize:
$200!
CS:GO prize pack courtesy of Valve:
a signed CS:GO poster, lanyard, vinyl sticker
4th PLACE:
DE_COAST
By Ornate Baboon
Workshop Link
A map that was under heavy construction for much of our contest, one gets the sense that Coast wasn't quite ready yet. With a little bit more time, who knows?
Prize:
$100 + Mapcore swag!
CS:GO prize pack courtesy of Valve:
a signed CS:GO poster, lanyard, vinyl sticker
~~~We at Mapcore would like to thank the r/GlobalOffensive moderators for their assistance, our lovely guest judges, Valve, goRGNtv, CEVO, as well as Gamebanana.com and Steam workshop artist EGO DEATH for contributing to our prize pool.
Last but not least... THANK YOU, for making this 'Core event special and fun!
None of this means one has to like Putin. I don't, but I get accused of it, simply because I look at both sides of the story while most believe lies spoon-fed to them by Western media.
The historic mission of our Nation in this watershed century is to lead the White Races of the world in the final crusade for their survival: a crusade against semite-led subhumanity
Why are we in Ukraine at all? The answer is we backed a corrupt pack of neo-Nazis that helped overthrow a government the US decided was too friendly to Russia.When we did not like the blowback, we put sanctions on Russia. And those sanctions harm Europe as much as Russia.All we had to do to avoid this mess was not get involved in the overthrow, then had it happened anyway, encouraged a solution at the ballot box rather than siding with the new corrupt regime.I have a very close friend who thinks this "Russian invasion cannot be allowed to stand at any cost".Such ideology sounds like the discredited Vietnam War "domino" theory all over again. My friend was against that war, but fails to see this is more of the same "last stand" nonsense.Note that "any cost" might mean outright war with nuclear-armed Russia over a meaningless patch of land. How asinine is that?The first irony is that Ukraine is not really a single country in the first place. Its boundaries were arbitrarily created with no regard to religion, culture, and language.A natural split that could have and should have been decided by vote (if only the US went along), is now being decided by war. Supposedly, we need to put "humpty dumpty" back together again at any cost, presumably even nuclear war.For what?Putin is not Hitler attempting to conquer the world with a "final solution". Rather Russia has genuine fears and concerns about NATO on its doorstep. Russia has been invaded multiple times by other European countries.And the second major irony of it all is the US openly supports a bunch of white supremacist neo-Nazis whose leader stated in 2010 "."In December, President Obama signed the Ukraine Freedom Support Act giving Ukraine $350 million.Here is the source of the above AZOV image The site Ukraine at War claims the flag was edited it. I blew the image up 400% looking for artifacts around the flag and the hand holding it. If it was edited in, then it was a professional job.The image appears on the website of Oleg Pyenya (a person in the picture). Oleg has many pictures giving the Nazi salute (and they are not even the one giving the Nazi salute in the picture!)Oleg is the guy holding the Nazi flag with their fingers. I believe there is roughly a zero percent likelihood that Oleg or anyone in their group was capable of perfect Photoshop editing. Somehow we are supposed to believe Russia did, gave it to Oleg, then they placed it on their site. IFake or not, it is 100% clear what AZOV commander, Andriy Biletsy, and their group of thugs stands for. Also it's important to note that Biletsy has been commended and awarded by Ukrainian president Petro Poroshenko.Thus, it's equally clear that your tax dollars support neo-Nazis and white-supremists in yet another example of US hypocrisy and the idiocy of the policy "the enemy of my enemy is my friend".Mike "Mish" Shedlock
Uncrate: "Spend less time looking and more time doing."
Wired: "Hone Means No More Searching For Keys"
Huffington Post: "Phone? Check. Wallet? Check. Car keys? Uh oh. [...Hone solves] that common problem."
Mashable: "Hone, a Bluetooth 4.0 device and iOS app that makes finding your keys less stressful."
Cult Of Mac: "Thanks to its super low power needs [Hone can] remain functional for up to six months."
Never Lose Your Keys Again
My partner and I lose our keys almost every day, so we decided to do something about it. Hone for iPhone 4S and the new iPad 3 is Bluetooth low energy device for your keychain that lights up and audibly vibrates when triggered so you can find your keys. It runs for six months on an included battery and has a 150+ foot range.
Here's How It Works
When you receive your Hone, put it on your keychain and download and launch the iPhone app.
The app and device will pair automatically. To find your keys, just tap the Find button in the app.
If you don't hear or see it immedately, walk around with the app open. Hone has a built-in proximity sensor so you'll know when you're getting closer or farther away.
Specs
Hone only works with the iPhone 4S and iPad 3.
The included CR2032 battery lasts six months, and depending on usage you may see better results.
The Bluetooth 4.0 low energy chipset we use has a range of 50 meters or 164 feet. Effective range can vary in real-world environments.
The case dimensions are 2 1/8x1 1/4x1/2in (54x32x15mm). Hone weighs just 0.6oz with battery.
Accessibility
For the vision-impared, the Hone app's proximity sensor on can be set to audibly respond so you can hear when you're getting closer to the object you're looking for. The app supports multiple Hones so you can use the app to find all the objects you're looking for.
Hone Is Hackable
Although we're focused on making the Hone app as easy to use as possible, we know people want to modify and play with hardware they own - and we think that's great! After Hone launches we will publish our device UUID and Bluetooth profile. That way, if you have a great idea for a hack that requires a Bluetooth low energy device with a long battery life, Hone should fit the bill.
Made In the USA
As we explored doing this project, we realized it would be possible to keep production entirely in the United States - it cost a bit more, but not as much as we expected, and there are many advantages: knowing that the workers putting this together are treated fairly, increased control over and communication with our supply chain and simplified shipping and distribution.
We're not against global manufacturing. It's just that we saw a way to do things a little differently and bring Hone to market in a way we could feel good about.
Why We Need Your Help
We're just two guys and electronics manufacturing is an expensive, complex endeavor. Our funding point is set at break-even for our forward cost - without Kickstarter we wouldn't be able to manufacture on spec and absorb all those costs. We think Hone is useful and cool and if you agree we can make this happen!
Credits
Video directed and edited by Kat Dennings.
Much advice and technical help supplied by Rob Vlacich and the members of Hive76. Philly stands up!
Eagle image CC BY-SA 2.0 mnlamberson.
Warning – pictures have a bit of blood, so if that makes you queasy, you might want to go back.
———-
Once I had decided that getting subdermal magnetic implants was something I wanted to have done, I had to find someone to do it. I settled on Steve Hayworth, a body-modification artist based out of Phoenix. Steve is the man who first pioneered magnetic implants 10 years ago, and has since done hundreds of these procedures. By far the most experienced man for the job, and I felt, the safest option. Even better, they often travel around the country to reach people outside of Arizona. So, I waited until they came around to my state, and signed up. Cost for the two magnets: $350.
I met them at a nearby tattoo shop, said hi, and chatted a bit.1 We walked into a clean, neat back room, they explained the procedure, and I said we were good to go.
Did it hurt? Well, yes. Because this is a procedure that happened in a tattoo shop, a local anesthetic to numb the area is out of the question. But it wasn't nearly as bad as I thought it would be – Steve can do amazing things with ice.
Here's the procedure, click on the images for full captions.
One of the two magnets that will go in my fingers. They are gold-plated neodymium magnets, coated in parylene. Left hand – before. Making the incision. The ring finger is already done at this point. Absorbing blood (there wasn't much). After this, an elevator was inserted to create a pocket for the magnet to sit in. Pushing the magnet into place. Making a single stitch to hold the skin closed and keep the magnet from coming out during the healing process. Knotting the stitch tight. Left hand – after. All done!
Once the needle was through and the second stitch firmly knotted, Steve cut off the excess thread and held it up. “Suturing needles are made of high-carbon steel,” they said, dangling the bit of curved metal near the tip of my finger. It hung in the air, getting closer until it swung over and stuck to the edge of my finger. They smiled. “Your first magnetic experience.” I looked at it and grinned.
Once everything was done and bandaged up, I had some rules to follow so that my magnets didn't reject:
Clean the wound and change bandages every day. They recommended a product called H2Ocean, which is used to keep tattoos and piercings clean. I couldn't find any locally, so I looked at the ingredients and ended up doing saline soaks followed by a dab of neosporin on the bandage. Worked for me.
Keep all pressure off the fingers for 3 days. After that, I could use them lightly for things like typing.
After 7 days I could remove the stitches.
I could not play with the magnets for 30 days. No moving them around, and definitely no touching permanent magnets. The magnets in my fingers could easily be pulled out from the attractive force, ripping right through the thin healing skin. During this time, the body is healing the skin, regrowing nerves, and encapsulating the magnets like it does any foreign body. After 30 days I was good to go. 2
After 6 months, the internal scar tissue and encapsulation will break down and reabsorb into the body, leaving me with my maximum sensitivity.
And that was it! The actual procedure was quick (less than 2 minutes per finger), easy, and more painless than I had expected.
———-
Notes:
1. Steve was great – their friendly, energetic, and completely unassuming demeanor really helped put me at ease. At one point int the conversation they slowed down, and commented that they noticed that I didn't have any previous mods. “I'm treating this like a tattoo,” I said, “and my personal rule is that I have to have liked a design for a full year before I let myself get it. Hasn't happened yet, but I've wanted this for about a year and a half so I'm giving it the green light.” Steve's face lit up. “I'm the same way! Except my time is two years.” They talked about how they didn't get their first tattoo until they were 26, years after they started working as a piercer. It was nice to hear that affirmation, but I was especially pleased that they screened me to make sure I actually wanted to do it.
2. See pictures of the healed fingers here.
Advertisements
Image copyright Egyptian TV Image caption Celebrities such as Paris Hilton have been the subject of prank shows
From shipwrecks to terror attacks to an air disaster involving Paris Hilton, it seems that almost nothing is off-limits for the prank shows that have become a staple of North African TV during the Islamic fasting month of Ramadan.
A recent programme in Algeria earned fierce criticism for fooling a renowned communist novelist into believing they had been arrested for "atheism and espionage".
During the segment, 75-year-old Rachid Boudjedra was forced by fake police officers to repeat the Islamic proclamation "God is Greatest" and utter the two Islamic testimonies of faith.
The programme, called We Got You was later suspended amid a wave of criticism from civil society.
Image copyright Ennahar TV Image caption Algerian novelist Rachid Boudjedra (L) was pranked in Ennahar TV's show Rana Hakamnak (We Got You)
TV has become an important part of the Islamic holy month, and broadcasters will often commission special programmes to draw audiences in as they break their fast in the evening.
Prank TV shows have risen in popularity, but have also earned criticism in recent years for taking things too far.
Staged terror attack
Egyptian actor Ramez Galal has established themselves as a major TV prankster, with a series of programmes featuring celebrities in increasingly extreme scenarios.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Watching TV has become an important part of Ramadan for some
In one edition, they fooled celebrities into believing they were on a sinking ship, surrounded by floating body parts and an approaching shark.
In another, victims were locked inside a supposed ancient Egyptian tomb containing bats, insects and a mummy rising from the dead.
In 2013 during a programme entitled Ramez, the Fox of the Desert, guest celebrities were fooled into believing the bus they were travelling on had been intercepted by militants.
The mock militants pretended to shoot the driver dead and then blindfolded and handcuffed the guests.
Image copyright Al-Hayah TV Image caption Pranks sometimes replicate real life terror attacks
This was aired at a time when Egypt was witnessing a surge in terror attacks, particularly in the region of Sinai, where military convoys were often attacked by armed bandits in desolate areas.
Galal revels in the controversy. In a trailer for their show, they admit to "torturing their friends and fellow actors because they love them".
And it may be that only the audience is being fooled. Sharp-eyed viewers often find clues signalling that the guests are in on the prank.
Some celebrities have confirmed that this was the case.
Fatwas
Tunisia's The Earthquake is another controversial programme which fools guests into believing they are experiencing a violent tremor.
Image copyright Tunisiyya TV Image caption Contestants in The Earthquake are convinced that a major tremor is under way
In one episode, an elderly religious leader insisted on continuing to pray despite the ongoing quake.
The show was widely criticised on social media for disregarding the age and health conditions of the guests, who seemed genuinely scared.
Similar charges were levelled at Algeria's We Got You. Following the episode featuring Mr Boudjedra, one Algerian novelist said it was "unbelievable that a famous writer was ridiculously pranked with no regards to their age or fame".
Religious bodies in the region have recently issued fatwas (religious edicts) asserting that terrorising people for any purpose is religiously forbidden.
The shows are also criticised, like the slew of entertainment programmes aired during Ramadan, for being a distraction from spiritual dedication during the holy month.
Chasing ratings
Egyptian media expert Yasser Abd-al-Aziz told the BBC that the prevalence of TV pranks has forced production companies to push the boundaries of good taste in order to attract audience and advertising revenue.
But one popular show entitled The Shock appears to buck this trend, with more traditional pranks, rather than terrifying ordeals.
Image copyright Ennahar TV Image caption Some describe The Shock as one of the best programmes aired during Ramadan
The show is filmed in a number of Arab countries, capturing reactions to staged situations such as a man violently scolding their wife, a student insulting their teacher or a child standing helpless in the cold weather asking passers-by for a coat.
It has won over audiences across the the region by exploring how strangers interact in dramatic but everyday situations.
As Twitter user @Nooruldeen89 put it: "Despite the acts being staged, The Shock awakens the human in you and makes you rethink your perspective."
BBC Monitoring reports and analyses news from TV, radio, web and print media around the world. You can follow BBC Monitoring on Twitter and Facebook.
At dawn on June 10, 2009, almost 100 federal agents pulled up to eight homes in Blanding, Utah, wearing bulletproof vests and carrying side arms. An enormous cloud hung over the region, one of them recalled, blocking out the rising sun and casting an ominous glow over the Four Corners region, where the borders of Utah, Colorado, Arizona and New Mexico meet. At one hilltop residence, a team of a dozen agents banged on the door and arrested the owners—a well-respected doctor and their wife. Similar scenes played out across the Four Corners that morning as officers took an additional 21 men and women into custody. Later that day, the incumbent interior secretary and deputy U.S. attorney general, Ken Salazar and David W. Ogden, announced the arrests as part of “the nation's largest investigation of archaeological and cultural artifact thefts.” The agents called it Operation Cerberus, after the three-headed hellhound of Greek mythology.
From This Story Plunder of the Ancients Buy
The search-and-seizures were the culmination of a multi-agency effort that spanned two and a half years. Agents enlisted a confidential informant and gave them money—more than $330,000—to buy illicit artifacts. Wearing a miniature camera embedded in a button of their shirt, they recorded 100 hours of videotape on which sellers and collectors casually discussed the prices and sources of their objects. The informant also accompanied diggers out to sites in remote canyons, including at least one that agents had rigged with motion-detecting cameras.
The haul from the raid was spectacular. In one suspect's home, a team of 50 agents and archaeologists spent two days cataloging more than 5,000 artifacts, packing them into museum-quality storage boxes and loading those boxes into five U-Haul trucks. At another house, investigators found some 4,000 pieces. They also discovered a display room behind a concealed door controlled by a trick lever. In all, they seized some 40,000 objects—a collection so big it now fills a 2,300-square-foot warehouse on the outskirts of Salt Lake City and spills into parts of the nearby Natural History Museum of Utah.
In some spots in the Four Corners, Operation Cerberus became one of the most polarizing events in memory. Legal limitations on removing artifacts from public and tribal (but not private) lands date back to the Antiquities Act of 1906, but a tradition of unfettered digging in some parts of the region began with the arrival of white settlers in the 19th century. Among the 28 modern Native American communities in the Four Corners, the raids seemed like a long-overdue attempt to crack down on a travesty against their lands and cultures—“How would you feel if a Native American dug up your grandmother and took their jewelry and clothes and sold them to the highest bidder?” Mark Mitchell, a former governor of the Pueblo of Tesuque, asked me. But some white residents felt that the raid was an example of federal overreach, and those feelings were inflamed when two of the suspects, including the doctor arrested in Blanding, committed suicide shortly after they were arrested. (A wrongful-death lawsuit filed by their widow is pending.) The prosecution's case was not helped when its confidential informant also committed suicide before anyone stood trial.
Ultimately, 32 people were pulled in, in Utah, New Mexico and Colorado. None of them were Native American, although one trader tried vainly to pass themselves off as one. Twenty-four were charged with violating the federal Archaeological Resources Protection Act and the Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act, among other laws. Two cases were dropped because of the suicides, and three were dismissed. No one went to prison. The remainder reached plea agreements and, as part of those deals, agreed to forfeit the artifacts confiscated in the raid.
The federal Bureau of Land Management (BLM), which has custody of the collection, spent the last five years simply creating an inventory of the items. “Nothing on this scale has ever been done before, not in terms of investigating the crimes, seizing the artifacts and organizing the collection,” BLM spokesperson Megan Crandall told me. Before they were seized, these objects had been held in secret, stashed in closets and under beds or locked away in basement museums. But no longer. Recently the BLM gave Smithsonian an exclusive first look at the objects it has cataloged.
Beyond the sheer size of the collection is its range: Some of the objects, such as projectile points and metates, or grinding stones, date to about 6,000 B.C. Among the more than 2,000 intact ceramic vessels, many appear to be from the Ancestral Puebloan people, or Anasazi, who lived on the Colorado Plateau for some ten centuries before they mysteriously departed around A.D. 1400. The Hohokam, who occupied parts of Arizona from A.D. 200 to 1450, are represented by shell pendants and ceramic bowls; the Mogollon, who thrived in northern Mexico and parts of Arizona and New Mexico from A.D. 300 to 1300, by pottery and painted arrow shafts. An undated sacred headdress belonged to the White Mountain Apaches, while a buffalo mask from the early 20th century is being returned to the Pueblo people in Taos. “You won't find some of these items anywhere else,” said Kara Hurst, who was a curator of the BLM trove for three years until 2013, when they became supervisory registrar at the Smithsonian's National Museum of the American Indian. “We've heard stories about some of these objects. But not even Native Americans had seen some of these things before.”
It's possible that no one will be able to see them outside the Cerberus collection, because archaeologists today rarely dig in the alcoves and cliff dwellings from which many items were taken. “There's no money to support legitimate excavations of alcoves today,” said Laurie Webster, a research associate at the American Museum of Natural History who specializes in Southwestern perishable objects. “So you'll never be able to excavate artifacts like these again.”
Many of the artifacts are remarkably well-preserved, even though they're composed of delicate materials such as wood, hide and fiber. That's partly a testament to the desert climate of the Four Corners—but also an indicator that at least some of the objects may have come from caves or other well-protected funerary sites, which has been a source of particular anguish to Native peoples. “The dead are never supposed to be disturbed. Ever,” Dan Simplicio, a Zuni and cultural specialist at Crow Canyon Archaeological Center in Cortez, Colorado, told me.
Roughly a quarter of the collection has high research potential, according to a preliminary survey by Webster. At the same time, the mass of objects is an archaeologist's nightmare, because so many lack documentation of where and in what context they were found. “Stolen pieces usually don't come with papers unless those papers are hot off the printer,” Crandall said.
In some cases, it's not clear whether the relics are even genuine. Two human effigies, about six inches tall and made of corn stalk, yucca cordage and wood, are a case in point. One has an oversize erection, while the other has a dent between the legs. A dealer called them “fertility figures,” labeled them as from southeastern Utah, and dated them to about 200 B.C. to A.D. 400.
Webster had never seen any figures like them before, and they initially thought they were fakes. But on closer inspection they saw that the yucca cordage appears to be authentic and from somewhere between 200 B.C. and A.D. 400. Now, they believe the figures could be genuine—and would be of extreme cultural value. “This would be the earliest example of a fertility figure in this region,” said Webster, earlier than the flute-playing deity Kokopelli, who did not appear until about A.D. 750. To investigate this artifact further, scholars will have to find their own research funds.
A multicolored ceramic bowl tells a more bittersweet tale. The exterior is the color of a flaming desert sunset, and the interior features bold geometric shapes and black and red lines; it is clearly in what archaeologists call the Salado style, a genre that appeared around A.D. 1100 and blended elements of Anasazi, Mogollon and Hohokam pottery. The piece was slightly marred by a few cracks, but more damaging are the “acid blooms” inside the bowl—evidence that someone used a contemporary soap to clean away centuries of dirt. The idea is that restored or “clean” vessels will fetch more money on the black market, said Nancy Mahaney, a BLM curator. “It's been very interesting to work with the collection, because you can see the extent to which people will go to gain financially.”
With its inventory done, the BLM will give priority to returning whatever objects it can to the tribes from which they were taken. Even though the Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act has highly specific guidelines for repatriating artifacts, several experts in the Native American community said the process will be complicated by the lack of documentation.
Once the BLM's repatriation effort is complete, which will take several more years, the agency will have to find homes for the artifacts that remain. It hopes to form partnerships with museums that can both display the artifacts and offer opportunities for scholars to research them. “Part of our hope is that we will form partnerships with Native American communities, especially those that have museums,” said Mahaney. The Navajo have a large museum, while the Zuni, Hopi and others have cultural centers. Blanding, Utah, where several of the convicted looters live, has the Edge of the Cedars State Park Museum. Even so, it will take years of study before the Cerberus collection begins to yield its secrets.
A threatening, hand-written letter arrived Wednesday at Islamic centers in Ann Arbor and East Lansing.
The letter called Muslims "a vile and filthy people."
It referred to Donald Trump as "the new sheriff in town," and warned, "You Muslims would be wise to pack your bags and get out of Dodge."
The letter said Trump is "going to do to you Muslims what Hitler did to the Jews."
According to Dawud Walid, executive director of the Michigan Chapter of the Council on American Islamic Relations, the letter was also sent to other mosques around the country.
Walid said the letters were postmarked from California, and the mailings are under investigation by the U.S. Postal Service.
"I want to see president-elect Trump speak out very robustly against all of this hate that's being done in their name," said Walid.
Walid said there's been a spike in anti-Muslim incidents in Michigan since Election Day. They include school bullying, road rage directed at Muslims, and harassment.
"There is fear, but our message to our community members, to our congregation, is to really publicize the overwhelming support that we've received," said Eid Farha, president of the Board of the Islamic Center of Ann Arbor.
Farha said they're using the incident as motivation to build bridges with non-Muslims, city government, local police and interfaith groups.
"It is very sad that there are people out there who want to promote hatred and bigotry toward minorities, especially targeting the Muslim community. But at the same time here in East Lansing, we have received overwhelming letters and messages of support and love," said Sohail Chaudhry, the imam at the Islamic Society of Greater Lansing. "So we believe that there are more people out there who still believe they need to love their neighbors and be a welcoming community towards all and stand up for rights for all people."
"Since Election Day, we have received emails, phone messages, even people have dropped by the center from different churches, the neighbors around the Islamic Center, with flowers, with cards," Chaudhry said.
AIR
If you want to know what the human and financial losses of a global pandemic for something like Ebola would look like, someone's already figured it out.
In a post last year, risk modeling gurus AIR calculated that the 1918 Spanish Flu killed between 20 and 100 million people (out of a global population of 1.8 billion) and caused the equivalent of $20 billion in global losses.
AIR then plugged the 1918 pandemic data into 21st century population density and development parameters to come up with a model for what a new Spanish Flu or other serious global pandemic would look like today
It ain't pretty.
First, there's the map above, showing the casualty ratio by country. As might unfortunately be imagined, developing nations fare the worst, while Western nations see the fewest casualties.
But fewest is a relative term. Here's their table breaking down casualties for a modified G-7 (replacing Italy with Australia):
AIR
It seems safe to conclude from this that whatever it costs to minimize the risk of a global pandemic will pale in comparison to trying to control it once it arrives.
Occupy Wall Street organizing underway in La Crosse, Wisconsin
By our reporter
1 November 2011
Supporters of the Occupy Wall Street movement are working to build up Occupy LaCrosse. They've been barred from camping out in Cameron Park in the downtown area, and a group has initiated a petition campaign to secure their right to establish an encampment. Meanwhile, they are holding rallies, bannering and staging soapbox sessions.
At Saturday's rally, Nick Renstrom, who is working to build support for Occupy LaCrosse, spoke to the WSWS.
“We're trying to get as many people as we can to come down here to take part in the Occupy movement,” said Nick. “I've actually been interested in politics for a long time. The main thing that brings me out here is the money in politics. It's been a joke my whole life. I'm sick of pretending that that is the way things have to be, that we should leave things as they are.
“People are not complacent anymore. They are sick of sucking up and choosing between the two political parties. Everybody wants this to change. The problem is, nobody knows how to do it.
“The two-party system is flawed and broken. Most people want someone in office who represents their interests, but not the Democrats or Republicans. It's the money in politics that is so corrupting. Everybody seems to see that. And if you don't see that you're not paying attention.”
Bobby, 25 years old and a native of Milwaukee who has lived in La Crosse the last six years, also spoke to the WSWS. “I guess what got me interested in politics really started with our monetary system. I came to realize that the Federal Reserve was benefiting very, very few people to the detriment of everybody else.
“When the bailout of the banks started, it became clear to me that with all the money that they were printing, it was only the very well connected, the elite, that were benefiting.
“People don't understand that the TARP bailout was just the tip of the iceberg. Recently, when Congress released a partial audit of the Federal Reserve, it shed light on the fact that $13 trillion was spent to bail out the banks. This not only went to American banks, but banks all over the world.
“Another thing that got me into politics was back when the news media was ramping up support to go to war with Iraq. This came right after the Patriot Act was passed. When I found out about the rights that the Patriot Act took away, that's when I made my transition from being apathetic to politically active.
“I would say that the biggest thing about that is the loss of privacy. It used to be that when we talked on the phone, sent emails or checked books out of the library, we were not in danger of being put on some terrorist watch list. Now it is different.
“One can only speculate why the government needs to know these things. They tell us that it is to make us safer. But it's clear from what we know about the past that the government needs to keep tabs on political activists. Activists have the potential to upset the status quo. The government likes it when people are obedient workers and don't shake things up. This keeps the tax revenues keep coming in.
“Here in Wisconsin, I think the 1 percent has a lot to do with our governor, Scott Walker. The mega-rich corporations that our monetary system favors are simply using their influence through them to extract even more from the 99 percent.
“And as far as Obama, I've got a lot of beef with him. They talked the big talk and unfortunately I and a lot of other people believed this talk. To sum up in two words: major disappointment.
“Number one, they bailed out the financial institutions, specifically Goldman Sachs. Goldman Sachs was Barack Obama's number one private contributor in 2008.
“Number two, their failure to close Guantanamo. Number three, they resigned the Patriot Act. Number four, the reauthorization of military tribunals. Number five, they expanded the wars into Libya and launched drone attacks into Pakistan.
“Number six, the reauthorization of a CIA program called “Extraordinary Rendition,” where they can kidnap people and send them to prisons anywhere in the world. And, most recently, the assassination in Yemen of an American citizen. That sets a very dangerous precedent. Obama became the judge, jury, prosecutor and executioner.”
March 16, 2012
The task of socialists is to organize with people whose ideas are still changing.
ONE OF the most important questions for socialists is how to relate their ideas to a larger audience and win wider layers of people to socialism.
The question for revolutionaries--that is, for those whom experience has already taught the need to overturn capitalism and replace it with a more equitable society--is how to relate to the much larger forces that are resisting, but have yet to embrace a socialist alternative.
None of this matters for those who think that revolution is made by a select minority in isolation from or on behalf of the masses, or even against their will; or those who are content to struggle for immediate gains, but for whom socialism is only a mildly pleasant utopian dream.
Marxists, on the other hand, are committed to the proposition that socialism can only be achieved by the actions of millions of workers, through their own struggles.
Propaganda--putting out socialist ideas to a wider audience--is a vitally important part of the equation. A working-class movement that isn't aware of its own history and traditions, of its past mistakes and victories, and whose knowledge never moves beyond immediate experience, will be unable to accomplish such a monumental task as a socialist revolution.
Columnist: Paul D'Amato Paul D'Amato is managing editor of the International Socialist Review and author of The Meaning of Marxism, a lively and accessible introduction to the ideas of Karl Marx and the tradition they founded. Paul can be contacted at [email protected].
But only a very static conception of how consciousness changes could accept that propaganda is sufficient, in and of itself, to spread socialist ideas. People are not empty vessels waiting to be filled; they possess views of the world that are contradictory, some that reinforce the status quo (sexist, anti-immigrant, for example), and others that go against it (we can achieve a better life only if we unite).
Struggle is the most effective way to change consciousness. But consciousness doesn't change uniformly. Some radicalize faster than others. There are sections of the working class that are in the vanguard, some that are in the rear, and others in between--and all are in constantly shifting patterns.
The tasks of socialist militants are to engage in struggle alongside those whose consciousness is shifting, and use the experience of struggle to convince them to adopt a fully consistent, working-class, socialist point of view.
Part of this same process involves winning the newly converted not to run ahead of events and assume that everyone else is, or should be, at the same state of political realization as they are.
A radicalizing minority, in any struggle or organization, whether it be a trade union or an antiwar committee, has a duty to make connections to wider layers of people who are not as "left" as they are--rather than turn from them because they are "insufficiently" radical.
WHEN LENIN wrote their pamphlet Left-Wing Communism, they addressed themselves to a similar problem--young socialist radicals, in Germany in particular, who felt that socialists could dispense with work in trade unions or elections because these forms of struggle were "obsolete."
The "ultralefts," as Lenin called them, forgot that while trade unions and parliaments were "obsolete" for them, they were not obsolete for the majority of the working class.
Lenin pointed out to these radicals that they were mistaking their desire for actual fact, when what they should have been doing is working inside the trade unions and the German parliament in order to win workers over to the revolutionary standpoint through their own experience.
Leon Trotsky developed a related theme in their 1922 article On the United Front in relationship to the question of the fight for reforms. They wrote:
The task of the communist party is to lead the proletarian revolution. In order to summon the proletariat for the direct conquest of power and to achieve it, the communist party must base itself on the overwhelming majority of the working class. So long as it does not hold this majority, the party must fight to win it.
Winning over the majority can't be achieved, Trotsky argued, if the communists turned their backs on non-revolutionary workers and the reformist organizations they adhere to--or if the communists relied solely on propaganda.
The party must participate directly in the struggle for immediate reforms and for the defense of the interests of the working class as a whole; indeed, it must propose united fronts, joint initiatives with reformist organizations to fight for specific, limited goals.
Why? Because, Trotsky wrote, "the greater is the mass drawn into the movement, the higher its self-confidence rises, all the more self-confident will that mass movement be and all the more resolutely will it be capable of marching forward, however modest may be the initial slogans of struggle."
The reformists always dread the potential for mass struggle to "get out of hand," whereas socialists welcome every mass initiative and want it to go as far as possible. Such struggles will tend therefore to radicalize the working class, creating "much more favorable conditions for the slogans, methods of struggle and, in general, the leading role of the communist party."
Trotsky summarized the united front this way:
Unity of front...presupposes our readiness, within certain limits and on specific issues, to correlate in practice our actions with those of reformist organizations, to the extent to which the latter still express today the will of important sections of the embattled proletariat.
Yet the united front did not mean simply mean "getting along" with reformists. Wrote Trotsky:
We participate in a united front, but do not for a single moment become dissolved in it. We function in the united front as an independent detachment. It is precisely in the course of struggle that the broad masses must learn that we fight better than the others, that we see more clearly than the others, that we are more audacious and resolute."
First published in the September 14, 2007, issue of Socialist Worker.
Apple's Tim Cook Says Fake News Is Killing Minds, Calls For Tech Companies To Crackdown
Tim Cook Says Technology Companies And Governments To Combat Fake News
The Telegraph is reporting that Apple CEO Tim Cook is calling for radical new steps to crack down on ‘Fake News'. Cook says the number of stories that they believe are “false reports” are an epidemic and goes on to say that is a huge problem in the world today and that “It's killing people's minds.”
The Telegraph claims that ‘Fake News' trying to promote a particular agenda gained huge traction in the United States during the 2016 Presidential election. This statement is in fact Fake News as will be highlighted later on in the article.
From The Telegraph:
“It has to be ingrained in the schools, it has to be ingrained in the public,” said Mr Cook. “There has to be a massive campaign. We have to think through every demographic. “We need the modern version of a public-service announcement campaign. It can be done quickly if there is a will.” The rise of fake news was being driven by unscrupulous firms determined to attract online readers at any cost, they said. “We are going through this period of time right here where unfortunately some of the people that are winning are the people that spend their time trying to get the most clicks, not tell the most truth,” they said. “It's killing people's minds in a way.”
Make no mistake, Tim Cook is certainly not referring to the real culprits of fake news, places like Buzz Feed which published a wildly inaccurate and unverified verified dossier in an attempt to undermine President Trump's new administration with a scandal before it even got started in D.C. Tim Cook is very much opposed to President Trump, in fact Apple is currently suing President Trump over the Travel Ban. It's pretty sad when the CEO of a company would put the profits of their company over the safety of their fellow countryman.
The Daily Caller reported back in December that Data Shows Fake News Sites Have Tiny Audience.
The Gateway Pundit reported last week about a recently released study that showed that all the top fake news stories that were relating to the 2016 Presidential election favored Hillary Clinton.
Follow Ryan Saavedra On Twitter @NewsRevoltRyan
Nick Young has a unique view of things, and that just might help attract big-ticket free agents back to the Los Angeles Lakers.
With the once-dominant franchise in another rare season of purgatory, Young offered some thoughts to the Los Angeles Daily News about where they could be next season, given the cap space they have.
"This offseason is going to be big for us," Young told the Daily News' Mark Medina on Monday. "It's going to work out."
Now before you assume that all Laker recruiting will fall on the aging shoulders of Kobe Bryant, think again.
Young explains, "I told Goran Dragic on the court, 'You might be my teammate next year.' I'll talk to Marc (Gasol.) Me and them are cool. Kevin Love. I'll talk to him."
The power of a positive attitude is a formidable thing. The Lakers may find that Swaggy's rubs off on potential suitors.
"I try to block out all the negativity and just be Swaggy out there. They told me you can't turn Swaggy off. You made this guy so you got to be him."
An interesting exploit has recently been revealed by a developer who was tinkering around inside Google's in-app billing libraries. Developer Dominik Schürmann discovered a method that would let people hijack the in-app billing method in such a way that would give them access to an app's consumables without having to pay a dime.
By consumables, I'm referring to items like coins in Temple Run or power-ups in Candy Crush — stuff that you can buy over and over again. As you can see in the image above, Dominik was successfully able to purchase an extreme amount of gems and coins in Temple Run 2, items that would normally cost hundreds of dollars to get in this amount.
According to Dominik, the exploit affects “all Google Play Billing Library v3 versions before Oct, 8 distributed via Android SDK and marketbilling on Googlecode.” That means Google was able to patch this thing up before word got out, but not without a tad bit of controversy.
According to him, Google chose not to credit them for the discovery, and sent emails to developers with information about the exploit (along with instructions to use recently updated sample code that addresses the exploit):
If you previously used the In-app billing sample code to build your in-app billing system, please use the recently-updated sample code as it addresses an exploitable flaw we recently discovered (note that this only affects the helper sample code; the core system and in-app billing service itself was not affected).
Disputes about proper attribution aside, I think everyone is still thankful that this has been patched up, and that no one will be able to leech free consumables from developers (as long as said developers make quick work of updating their code to the latest available sample). Those folks have to make money too, you know.
If you're interested in the nitty gritty details (including ready-to-compile code and instructions on how to test this exploit) you can find them at Dominik's blog. We just beg that you don't use whatever you happen to find for evil.
[via Google+]
The Jets have been kind of aggressive in free agency this offseason, and they're still not done, not even after getting the band back together by reuniting Darrelle Revis and Antonio Cromartie in their defensive backfield.
A person with knowledge of the situation told NJ Advance Media on Thursday the Jets have reached out to free agent wide receiver Cecil Shorts III, who spent the last four seasons with the Jaguars. That person asked to remain anonymous because the process is still playing out.
Shorts, a 2011 fourth-round draft pick out of Division III Mount Union (Ohio), averaged 58 catches the last three seasons. In 2012, they totaled 17.8 yards per catch and had five touchdowns of more than 40 yards. That productivity dipped to 10.8 yards per catch last season, when Shorts had just 53 catches and one touchdown on 110 targets. And Pro Football Focus had them with a rather high drop rate (11.67 percent) in 2014.
Shorts (6-feet, 202 pounds) also has a history of soft-tissue injuries (hamstring, groin). But they could be a nice complementary part for a Jets receiving corps that's now topped by Brandon Marshall, Eric Decker, and Jeremy Kerley.
Shorts is a Cleveland native, and their hometown Browns had been showing interest when free agency began earlier this week, according to ESPN's Jeremy Fowler.
For a complete list of the Jets' moves this offseason, click here.
Dom Cosentino may be reached at dcosentino@njadvancemedia.com. Follow them on Twitter @domcosentino. Find NJ.com Jets on Facebook.
Yes, we know what it looks like. Get over it—this thing is tasty.
Russ Flint's butcher shop, Rain Shadow Meats, is the philosophical opposite of a Slim Jim, the jerky snack stick synonymous with gas station cash registers and brash professional wrestler spokespersons. Which is why we halted in our tracks upon seeing the Slim Russ, Rain Shadow's seriously upgraded take on the Slim Jim.
Given the classic butchery's glass case filled with the day's cuts and selections, its commitment to responsible ranchers, and the terrific housemade charcuterie, Flint was understandably a little baffled as to why we'd ask them about this particular product. “It's just funny to me that we do a lot of cool things here and you are writing about a little meat stick.”
But the Slim Jim occupies a place in the pantheon of guilty snack pleasures. And the idea of a sausage snack stick made with Rain Shadow's attention to quality is pretty exciting.
Flint says the Slim Russ—so named not by Flint himself, but by longtime employee Chris Simpson—is made once a week and the recipe is pretty basic: “It's 100 percent ground beef sausage. We grind it, season it, press it through the sausage press, and then bake it.” But the result is eminently more satisfying and tasty than the standard, pre-packaged, gas station fare.
The Slim Russ is available at both the Capitol Hill and Pioneer Square locations, dispensed in wax paper rather than plastic packaging adorned with flames.
Android Wear 2.0's rollout to the wide variety of wearables set to receive it has been slow, to say the least. Many watches still lack the update, but one of the biggest releases yet to pick it up has been ASUS' ZenWatch line. Recently, ASUS finally gave us some concrete information on when its Wear 2.0 rollout will begin.
The best gifts for Android users
It's been six months since Google debuted Wear 2.0 and in the time since, ASUS has done nothing more than say that the update is in progress or Google is reviewing it. It was just a mess of a situation and something that both ASUS and Google should be embarrassed by.
However, ASUS has finally come out with dates for when the rollout will begin. Speaking to Wareable, ASUS has confirmed that the ZenWatch 3 will pick up its Android Wear 2.0 update starting on July 11th. The ZenWatch 2, which is also surprisingly getting the update, will begin rolling out in two waves. The first of those is this month with the second landing toward the end of July and beginning of August.
Whether ASUS lives up to these deadlines obviously remains to be seen, but we're glad to finally have more information on the matter and buyers will no doubt be glad to see the update hit their devices.
Check out 9to5Google on YouTube for more news
Divorce attorney Heather Hostetter says a single text message sent in a fit of rage can wreak havoc in a child custody case. "We've seen e-mails used in court, and now we're beginning to see text messages," they say. "If taken out of context, a text message can make someone look like a real jerk."
Texting is a serious problem because of its flippant nature, says Hostetter, an attorney with the Maryland-based law firm Sachitano Strent and Hostetter. She's been able to convince their clients to let them preview e-mails before they're sent to ex-spouses but not text messages.
Too easily, rapid-fire thumbs type and send sensitive text messages much like ignorant words spout from mindless chatter. Unlike words, though, text messages are stored on servers and phones. These text messages can come back to bite you—hard. A salacious or hurtful text message can lead to a lifetime of embarrassment and even land you in legal hot water.
Enter TigerText, an iPhone app that promises to safeguard you from wayward text messages. The free app lets users send text messages to TigerText's server, which forwards it to a recipient who can view the messages via an app reader. This bypasses a wireless carrier's text messaging service.
Here's the kicker: The text message would then be wiped from the face of the earth. After a pre-determined amount of time, the text message disappears from both the sender's and recipient's phones, as well as TigerText's server.
The purpose of this app, of course, is to hide your tiger tracks. Although TigerText appeared on the App Store late last month, makers of the app swear they came up with the app's name well before steamy Tiger Woods text and voicemail messages to mistresses made headline news.
Whoa, Let's "TTT" (Take it to TigerText)
Hostetter sees a lot of value in TigerText. "I'm considering advising clients to use TigerText if they're having an affair or if they can't exercise impulse control in the heat of anger when corresponding with their soon-to-be ex-spouse," they say.
TigerText has gotten a bad rap because of its apparent association with the Tiger Woods scandal, says TigerText founder Jeffrey Evans . Yet cheating spousesaren't the target users, they say. On the contrary, Evans claims an investment bank uses TigerText so that members of its negotiating team can talk with each other during meetings without worrying about strategic messages getting dug up later.
"Even young professionals in New York will write in an email 'TTT'—or take it to TigerText—if the information is getting sensitive," Evans says.
Allen Edmond, CFO at Flav, a startup flavored water vendor, began using TigerText in order to communicate with Flav's corporate lawyer. Prior to TigerText, Edmond says, the lawyer refused to correspond via text messages, out of fear they might be subpoenaed from the wireless carrier.
(Interestingly, Hostetter doesn't use TigerText when they correspond with clients because they want a record of the advice she's given them. Also, they aren't worried about subpoenas because they and their client are protected by attorney-client privilege.)
Now Edmond uses TigerText several times a day. Professionally, they send text messages to the lawyer and a business partner. They also use TigerText to joke around with close friends. "We're much more free in talking," Edmond says.
Danger! Danger! Danger!
But that's exactly what Hostetter is afraid of happening. "The danger of TigerText is that it leads people to have the false impression that they don't have to use discretion," they say. "But there's always going to be ways people get around it."
One way is to take a screen shot of the TigerText message. By pressing the home button and the on/off button together on the iPhone, a screenshot is added to your camera roll. Of course, this means the recipient of the text message is intentionally saving it.
Evans says TigerText messages can't be copied or forwarded. As for the iPhone's screenshot feature, they say, "In a version that will come out later this year, we've solved the issue of people being able to screenshot your message." Evans declined to provide details.
Other TigerText features in the offing include the ability to send pictures and voice messages, as well as a possible move to a monthly or annual subscription model.
With pictures, Evans says TigerText can help protect teenagers from making a mistake that will haunt them the rest of their lives. They cite a recent case of middle school students "sexting" a nude photo of an adolescent girl in Belmont, Mass. Now police are looking into possible child pornography charges.
A Loaded Legal Gun?
But this sort of thing—text messages and the law—can put TigerText in a precarious position, says Hostetter.
If police are investigating someone, says Hostetter, then they can notify TigerText to save all texts associated with this individual, possibly without notifying the person. Never mind that the TigerText customer assumes TigerText is deleting all messages.
"I can definitely see myself sending something to TigerText, saying, 'I'm putting you on notice: Don't start deleting texts coming from this phone number,'" Hostetter says. Given the rise of electronic discovery in courts, they say, TigerText could also be subpoenaed to deliver past text messages, its servers scrubbed by a computer forensics expert.
"We would always co-operate with any law enforcement order that's given to the company," Evans says. "We're not going to fly in the face of a judge."
Tom Kaneshige is a senior writer for CIO.com in Silicon Valley. Send them an email at tkaneshige@cio.com. Or follow them on Twitter @kaneshige. Follow everything from CIO.com on Twitter @CIOonline.
NEW YORK, Feb 18 (Reuters) - U.S. household debt rose in the latest quarter by the most since before the recession, a sign that Americans may be nearing the end of a multi-year belt-tightening trend, data from the Federal Reserve Bank of New York showed on Tuesday.
Total consumer debt rose 2.1 percent to $11.52 trillion in the fourth quarter of 2013 from $11.28 trillion in the third quarter, the New York Fed said in its quarterly household debt and credit report. The increase, $241 billion, marked the biggest quarterly jump since the third quarter of 2007.
Even with the increase, total household indebtedness remains 9.1 percent below its peak of $12.68 trillion in the third quarter of 2008, reflecting the extensive deleveraging by households in the years following the housing market collapse and financial crisis. Nevertheless, the report also marked the first year-on-year increase in household debt since the crisis, perhaps signaling that the deleveraging cycle has run its course.
Americans boosted credit card balances, borrowed to buy homes and cars and took on more student debt. The only major category to see a decline was home equity lines of credit, or HELOCs, which dropped by $6 billion to $529 billion.
“This quarter is the first time since before the Great Recession that household debt has increased over its year-ago levels suggesting that after a long period of deleveraging, households are borrowing again,” said Wilbert van der Klaauw, senior vice president and economist at the New York Fed.
Auto loan balances jumped by $18 billion, the 11th straight quarterly increase, although new loan originations fell to $88 billion from $97.4 billion.
Reflecting another U.S. trend, student debt rose again with outstanding balances up $53 billion to $1.08 trillion in the fourth quarter. Delinquency rates dipped, however, with 11.5 percent of loans behind by 90 days or more, down from 11.8 percent in the third quarter.
Overall household delinquency rates dropped to 5.0 percent in the three months to December 31 from 5.3 percent in the third quarter, extending a post-recession trend.
But there's little doubt they know what he's talking about when it comes to byelection awareness.
The high-growth Mountain portion of Conley's ward is part of the sprawling Niagara West-Glanbrook riding, which also includes Grimsby, Pelham, West Lincoln, Lincoln, and, of course, Glanbrook
That means thousands of Conley's constituents are eligible to cast ballots in the Nov. 17 race to replace former Conservative MPP and party leader Tim Hudak.
But Conley, a former Conservative candidate himself, says many voters in their ward don't realize they're eligible to vote.
"It's hit and miss. First of all, the area up there has grown so much in the last five years, the new people have no idea."
Coun. Brenda Johnson, whose Ward 11 includes the communities of Glanbrook, Winona and part of Stoney Creek, is pretty much on the same page. They think many in Glanbrook don't realize they can vote in the byelection either.
"I can't tell you how many emails and phone calls I've received saying what is this all about."
Once Johnson explains that it's about replacing Hudak, they get it. But there's no question some are confused.
The problem is, some don't realize that provincially they still belong to Niagara West-Glanbrook because federally they're in the new riding of Flamborough-Glanbrook.
To further complicate matters, whoever is elected Nov. 17 will only represent Niagara West-Glanbrook until the general provincial election on or before June 7, 2018.
By that time, Niagara-West-Glanbrook will cease to exist and the provincial boundaries will be aligned with the federal ridings. That means Conley's and Johnson's residents will be voting in Flamborough-Glanbrook while other parts of the riding join Niagara West.
That also means the winner on Nov. 17 will only hold office for about 18 months before going back to the polls. And whoever that new MPP is will need to decide whether to run in Flamborough-Glanbrook or Niagara West.
Taken all together, it's no wonder election fever hasn't exactly gripped local voters.
As Johnson notes, there are very few election lawn signs in Glanbrook compared to, say, Smithville in the Township of West Lincoln.
"It looks like an election sign company threw up on (Smithville) because there are election signs everywhere. Going into the Glanbrook area, as you get close to the airport, the elections signs are fewer and fewer."
There is, however, no shortage of candidates. Nine, including Oosterhoff, are on the ballot.
The Liberals are fielding family lawyer Vicky Ringuette. The New Democrats are running former Hamilton police officer and head of the police association Mike Thomas.
Donna Cridland is the Green Party candidate. Martin Poos is an Independent. Stefanos Karatopis is with the Ontario Libertarian Party.
Arthur Smitherman is with the Canadian Constituents' Party. Queenie Yu is with Stop the New Sex-Ed Agenda.
And, finally, Greg Vezina is with the — wait for it — None of the Above Party.
Andrew Dreschel is the city hall columnist for The Hamilton Spectator. Email | Twitter
Previous articles:
DRESCHEL: LaSalle Park deal in the pipeline
DRESCHEL: The case of the missing LRT poles
Dreschel: LRT casts shadow over Pier 8 project
RELATED:
NDP and Tory candidates team up to trash Liberal in byelection debate
NDP candidate Mike Thomas says Liberals failed to deliver West Lincoln Memorial Hospital rebuild
Liberal candidate Vicky Ringuette “worried” Tories will scrap sex education curriculum
Jeremy Corbyn addressed a rally including hundreds of members of the banned extremist group Al-Muhajiroun, Guido can reveal. In May 2002 Corbyn gave a speech at a highly controversial anti-Israel demo at Trafalgar Square, attended by former terrorists and supporters of Hezbollah. A contemporaneous report by the communist Weekly Worker newspaper says up to 300 members of Al-Muhajiroun were present. The newspaper reported that some were dressed as mock suicide bombers and others chanted “gas, gas Tel Aviv”. This is from the extraordinary Weekly Worker* report:
“Al Muhajiroun held placards reading ‘Palestine is Muslim'. They chanted, “Skud, Skud Israel” and “Gas, gas Tel Aviv”, along with their support for bin Laden. Two would-be suicide posers were dressed in combat fatigues with a ‘bomb' strapped to their waists. This section accounted for no more than 200-300, but they made a noise far out of proportion to their numbers… The rally was also addressed by Labour MPs Jeremy Corbyn and George Galloway.”
Below are photos from the event…
Al-Muhajiroun is a proscribed terrorist organisation which was led by the infamous radical Islamists Omar Bakri Muhammad and the jailed Anjem Choudary. Several of its members have committed terrorist attacks and the group has been linked to the 7/7 bombings, the murder of Lee Rigby as well as dozens of other attacks and plots. London Bridge attacker Khuram Butt was a supporter of Al-Muhajiroun. What was Corbyn doing anywhere near them, let alone addressing an audience which included 300 of their members?
*The Weekly Worker is pro-Corbyn so this cannot be a “smear from the Tory press”.
Stephanie Levitz, The Canadian Press
Andrew Scheer, an apple-cheeked social conservative and former House of Commons Speaker seen by some as a pragmatic, mainstream echo of Stephen Harper, survived a 13-ballot battle Saturday with rival Maxime Bernier as they eked out the narrowest of wins in the fight for the helm of the federal Conservatives.
The nail-biting process of winnowing the 13-candidate field went the full distance before Scheer, 38, was declared the winner with just 50.95 per cent of the available points, barely besting longtime front-runner Maxime Bernier, who posted 49.05 per cent after leading all 12 of the previous ballots.
"Every single kind of Conservative is welcome in this party and this party belongs to all of you," the Ottawa-born Saskatchewan MP told the crowd during their victory speech.
"We all know what it looks like when Conservatives are divided; we will not let that happen again. We win when we are united."
The ranks of the party are as large as they've ever been, thanks in large measure to the high-profile, hard-fought leadership race, and the party's fundraising might appear to have renewed power, they added.
"I'm here to tell you there is renewed hope for Canada, starting today," Scheer said. "Trudeau's Liberals are so focused on photo-ops and selfies that they don't care if their policies hurt and not help the middle class. Sunny ways don't pay the bills."
Some see Scheer's focus on consensus-building as an important brick in the road back to government, much as Harper kept the various factions of the party in check in order to stay in power for more than 10 years. Others, though, accuse them of repressing their opposition to social lighting rods like abortion and same-sex marriage.
Last year, they supported party members who voted to remove a clause opposing same-sex marriage from the Conservative handbook, because they believe Canadians have moved on from the issue. Fellow Saskatchewan MP Brad Trost later embarked on their own leadership campaign as a result, finishing a respectable fourth.
"The leader's job is to pick the common ground between all of those types of conservatives," Scheer told a news conference after their win.
"There are some aspects of issues that will divide our caucus and will divide our movement, and that doesn't enjoy widespread support in the general public. But there are other areas -- protecting freedom of speech, like cutting taxes for families, like protecting conscience rights for medical practitioners -- those are all things that the entire conservative movement can get behind."
Moments after the win, Scheer acknowledged the field and in particular thanked Bernier -- who appeared to be fighting back tears of disappointment -- and their other leadership rivals for their efforts and hard work.
Bernier is a longtime Quebec member of Parliament, but support in their home province appeared to collapse given their profuse opposition to the supply management system that regulates some of the province's most lucrative agricultural industries. Indeed, Scheer's campaign went to lengths to portray them as an alternative.
After the first ballot, Bernier had captured just 48 per cent of support from their own riding of Beauce, with rival Scheer nabbing a surprisingly high 47 per cent.
Bernier said they remained committed to their own principles -- and to the party. They said they see a place for themselves in a party led by Scheer, even though the ultimate victor's stay-the-course approach differed so wildly from their own big policy ambitions.
"I like competition, it was a great competition," said Bernier, visibly crushed. "I'm ready to work with Andrew; they did a great campaign, and that's democracy, you know."
Scheer's speech drew the biggest cheers when they said they consider "the ability to have a debate about any subject" the cornerstone of a democracy, promising to "withhold federal grants from universities that shut down debate and can't stand different points of view."
They also used the politically loaded phrase "radical Islamic terrorism" when they promised to "recommit our air force to the fight against (the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant)."
Saturday's narrow margin of victory suggests a unity issue that's likely to be a challenge for the party going forward -- especially since Scheer takes their place as leader in the Commons on Monday.
Deepak Obhrai, Andrew Saxton, Rick Peterson, Kevin O'Leary, Chris Alexander, Steven Blaney and Lisa Raitt were some of the earliest casualties as early-ballot results were announced, while Kellie Leitch, Pierre Lemieux and Michael Chong fell off in subsequent rounds.
Gone in the 9th ballot was controversial MP Kellie Leitch, the former cabinet minister and orthopedic surgeon whose key campaign pledge to screen newcomers for Canadian values saw them dominate early media coverage of the race, only to fade from prominence as the vote grew nearer.
Pierre Lemieux, a former MP from Ontario who ran championing socially conservative policies, dropped off in the 8th ballot, while Brad Trost hung in longer than many expected, dropping off on the 11th ballot.
O'Leary dropped out of the race abruptly last month but was too late to have their name removed from the ballot.
The lengthy ranked-ballot system and the size of the field meant several rounds of balloting were necessary to crown a winner. Officials say 132,000 ballots -- the party has some 259,000 eligible members -- had been received by the Friday deadline for mail-in ballots.
Mesh bags released Conservative party balloons over the crowd at the Toronto Congress Centre as Scheer invited their fellow candidates and caucus members to join them onstage, to the strains of a guitar-heavy version of "We Are the Champions."
Ahead of Saturday's duel, outgoing interim leader Rona Ambrose took to the stage for one final farewell -- and to send some words of advice to their successor.
Bedrock conservative values are more important than any policy proposals shared during the campaign, Ambrose said.
"When we rally around those values and speak with one voice there is no limit to what we can achieve together," they said.
The winner should also take heed of the advice Harper gave caucus when they replaced him, they added.
"The measure of a good leader is also how they treat their opponents in defeat," they quoted their predecessor as saying. "Never forget that."
Germany needs an "Islam law" to regulate Muslim religious communities and ensure that what is being preached in mosques around the country is "transparent," according to leading conservative politician Jens Spahn.
Spahn, a member of the executive committee of Chancellor Angela Merkel's Christian Democrats (CDU), told the Funke Media Group on Thursday that authorities "had to know what happens in mosques," saying that Muslim sermons in German would help diminish prejudice.
In an interview with DW, Spahn cited the example of Austria as a precedent: "The Austrians have had an Islam law since imperial times, and there things function better. We could learn from them."
They called for German tests for imams, saying that many of the preachers who delivered sermons in German mosques came from abroad, could not speak German and were paid by other countries.
"Do we really know if their sermons are being made in accordance with our laws? And it's about more than that. Is it enough, just to ask that they don't break the law? Should they not encourage cooperation and integration?" Spahn said to DW.
Mosque registry
Spahn also demanded that mosques be registered, saying that authorities "did not know how many mosques there are in Germany, where they are or who finances them."
A major problem, according to Spahn, was the lack of a central representative for the Muslims living in Germany. They said that the political Islamic associations with whom the German government had previously worked represented a very conservative form of Islam.
"They speak only for a minority of Muslims. They are the wrong partners," said Spahn, a professed Catholic.
Financing religion
In addition, Spahn, who is also the deputy finance minister, called for the training of imams, teachers of religion and counselors to be paid for with tax money.
"That will be a hard debate, but I would rather we finance this than that the money comes from Turkey or Saudi Arabia," they said, saying that a "church tax" for Muslims was also a possibility: "If the Muslim communities want a tax law, we should talk about it."
Germany already collects money from members of Christian churches in the form of a so-called Church Tax, the proceeds of which are passed on to religious authorities in Germany.
"What is clear at any rate: the financing by foreign actors must stop," the politician told DW.
The conservative politician also had some criticism for Christian churches in Germany, accusing them of being "uncritical" with regard to Islam.
"A friendly photo of fast-breaking, then each goes their own way; it can't go on like that," they said.
Spahn's proposals echo those made last year by Andreas Scheuer, the secretary general of the Christian Social Union (CSU), the Bavarian sister party to Merkel's CDU.
'No need for laws on religions'
Spahn's proposals were quickly dismissed as unnecessary by leading Greens politician Volker Beck.
"We don't need an Islam law, a Christianity law or a Buddhism law," they said. "The religious communities organize and administer their own affairs."
They conceded that sermons in German and having imams trained at German universities would be a positive development. However, they said that this was something that could not be made compulsory, noting that German communities abroad continued to speak in German, while in synagogues, the Torah was mostly read in Hebrew.
German authorities estimate that more than 5 percent of the population, or some 4.5 million people, adhere to the Muslim faith in Germany.
Eight young people answer eight tough questions about Muslims in Germany Do you feel German? Aya (18 years old from Bielefeld) is one of the participants in the 2017 Young Islam Conference in Berlin. They say: "I feel more German than Moroccan. I grew up with German culture and have a much greater connection to it than to what you could call my other country." So what did some of their fellow participants say about other questions concerning Islam in Germany?
Eight young people answer eight tough questions about Muslims in Germany Is Europe being Islamified? Martin (22, Flensburg) says: "No. Europe is getting more culture. I think Europe is going through some painful learning phases at the moment - the Brexit is an example of that. But if you look at the statistics and facts, Europe is not being Islamified. That's just false. You can't support that thesis. It's nonsense."
Eight young people answer eight tough questions about Muslims in Germany What does integration mean for you? Volkan (24, Siegen) says: "For me it's mainly the feeling of belonging, of not being excluded. As someone from an immigrant background, you get asked a lot of questions that make you realize that you don't really belong. That really bothered me as a child. No matter where I was or what I did, I was always the outsider."
Eight young people answer eight tough questions about Muslims in Germany What needs repairing in relations between Muslims and non-Muslims? Hannah (Kiel, 21) says: "I think the problem in Germany is that people talk a lot about one another instead of talking to one another. We've never learned how to go up to someone and ask: 'Why are you wearing a headscarf?' If you don't take an interest in Islam, you'll never be able to answer such questions. It's so easy to approach someone with a headscarf and ask them to explain."
Eight young people answer eight tough questions about Muslims in Germany What bothers you most about media depictions of Muslims? Merve (19, Duisburg): "What irritates me about how Muslims are portrayed is when we're reduced to one single external attribute. For instance, I choose to wear a headscarf. But that doesn't mean I'm some poor helpless thing. And there's much more to me than that. For instance, I'm someone who's proud to be from Duisburg."
Eight young people answer eight tough questions about Muslims in Germany What should be done about anti-Muslim hate speech and fake news? Ahmed (25, Cologne) says: "The most important thing is always dialogued. With fake news or hate speech on social media, I'd always be ready for a discussion. Especially with Facebook, I'd have the courage to comment on things. I'm very active. I reactivated my facebook account one month ago to take part in the debate about Turkey. It's important for me to discuss things rationally."
Eight young people answer eight tough questions about Muslims in Germany What would you say to anti-immigrant movements like Pegida or the AfD? Aylin (19, Selent) says: "I wouldn't say anything. It would make no sense to talk to these groups. Some people are unwilling to change their minds. The AfD are very convinced of their views, and those left in Pegida must be as well. Those views are, in part, forbidden by the constitution. But I think that at the moment this is just a trend and that many people will come to their senses."
Eight young people answer eight tough questions about Muslims in Germany Is Islam part of Germany? Paul, (19, Kiel) says: "Definitely. Germany is a geographical area in which one society lives and acts. Every group that lives in this area is part of Germany. If I live in Germany, I'm part of Germany, and I have the right to say 'I'm German.' As far as I'm concerned people don't even have to speak the language." Author: Jefferson Chase
tj/sms (epd, KNA, AFP)
Research into the life of Elizabeth Woodville, Queen of England as the wife of King Edward IV led me to this interesting little book. After reading a couple of biographies of her, it was clear they came from a large and diverse family. Them mother Jacquetta was a noblewoman from Luxembourg and had been married to the Duke of Bedford, brother of King Henry V. Bedford died not long after the wedding and Jacquetta was left a young widow with a lucrative inheritance. Permission for another marriage was required of King Henry VI. Jacquetta married Sir Richard Woodville without permission. After confessing, the couple paid an enormous fine to the king. Sir Richard was beneath Jacquetta in social standing but the marriage was successful.
The couple would have at least fourteen children, the majority of whom lived into adulthood. Once King Edward married Elizabeth Woodville, many of their siblings had a meteorite rise in social standing through marriages and through appointments to offices in the king's government. This book is the story of these many siblings and what we know from the historical records. Higginbotham goes through each person and tells us what is known of their story. They cover who they married, what positions they were appointed to, how effective they were in office, how loyal they were to the king and what battles they fought in.
It is interesting to note that none of the men had surviving male children. There were a few daughters and some of Elizabeth's sisters had children. At first, the family supported the House of Lancaster but after Elizabeth's marriage, they became loyal to the House of York. Higginbotham addresses all the arguments that have been made for and against this family. They make some very valid points in all cases. I found this book to be fair and even-handed in addressing issues with the family and would recommend it for anyone interested in the Wars of the Roses era.
THE Prime Minister has scrapped plans to campaign in the Holyrood election, it has emerged.
David Cameron will become the first UK party leader not to campaign in the closing stages of a Scottish Parliament election, prompting claims their presence would harm their party's chances on May 5.
Scottish leader Ruth Davidson confirmed the news – saying Mr Cameron was ‘busy' - as their party stands tantalisingly close to a historic defeat of Labour, according to the latest poll.
The Survation survey put the two parties neck and neck but also indicated Mr Cameron's standing in the eyes of the public has nosedived in the wake of the Panama Papers scandal.
The Prime Minister's approval rating - the difference between those who believe they are doing a good job and those who think they are doing badly - plummeted from an already-poor minus 35 to a record low minus 46 in Scotland over the past month.
It has coincided with the leak of papers from a Panama law firm exposing how the rich and powerful have been able to use tax havens to conceal their wealth.
Damagingly, Mr Cameron was forced after a series of evasive answers to admit they had owned shares in an offshore fund set up by their late father.
Speaking during a campaign visit to a buffalo farm in Fife, Ms Davidson said: "The Prime Minister is slightly busy at the moment.
"He's got the Queen's 90th birthday celebrations and he's also got a state visit from the US president.
"It's my name on the ballot paper so I will be handling the Scottish election."
They added: "As you can imagine, the SNP and our opponents generally like to do what opponents do and slag us off, but there is no correlation that I can see between any visits and any polling numbers.
"What we are seeing in the polls is us overtaking the Labour Party for second place."
The Scottish Conservatives have built their campaign around Ms Davidson, who is rated more popular than Labour's Kezia Dugdale.
In their five years as leader, they have championed a more working class brand of Conservatism in a bid to distance the Scottish party from the Tories' elitist image at Westminster.
In debates and interviews during the campaign, they have struggled most when called upon to defend Mr Cameron's government.
Speaking at a Scottish Parliamentary Journalists' Association lunch earlier this month, Ms Davidson said Mr Cameron would hit the campaign trail before May 5.
A Scots Tory source insisted the Prime Minister was forced to scrap a planned visit because of diary commitments and it had proved impossible to find an alternative date.
Mr Cameron is expected to visit Scotland soon after the election, the source added.
The Prime Minister spoke at the Scots Tories' conference at Murrayfield at the beginning of March, when they urged supporters to "drape ourselves in red, white and Saltire blue".
However, they spent less than an hour at the event and was whisked away 20 minutes after they finished speaking
They did hit the campaign trail in Scotland during the run up to the last Holyrood election five years ago, visiting Inverness to back then leader Annabel Goldie.
The latest Survation poll put the SNP way out in front with 53 per cent support in the constituency vote and 43 per cent in the regional ballot.
Labour was on 18 per cent in the constituency vote, a point ahead of the Tories. In the battle for list seats, the Tories, on 18 per cent, were a point ahead of Labour.
According to one projection, the figures put the Tories on course to win 22 seats to Labour's 21.
UK Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn campaigned in Scotland earlier this month, joining Scots leader Kezia Dugdale at a rally in the Edinburgh seat they hope to win from the SNP.
During their trip north, they also campaigned for left winger Neil Findlay, who ran their leadership campaign in Scotland, in West Lothian.
However, it was a low key visit and - in what the Tories described as "an incredible snub" - Mr Corbyn did not attend Labour's pre-election conference last month.
In past Holyrood elections, UK party leaders Tony Blair, Ed Miliband, Iain Duncan Smith and Charles Kennedy all hit the campaign train.
Lizzy Yarnold won Great Britain's first gold medal of the Sochi 2014 Winter Olympics after dominating the women's skeleton from start to finish.
Yarnold, 25, produced a solid final run to finish 0.97 seconds ahead of Noelle Pikus-Pace of the United States.
Britain's Winter Olympic gold medallists 1924: Men (curling) 1936: Men (ice hockey) 1952: Jeannette Altwegg (figure skating) 1964: Tony Nash & Robin Dixon (two-man bobsleigh) 1976: John Curry (figure skating) 1980: Robin Cousins (figure skating) 1984: Jayne Torvill & Christopher Dean (figure skating) 2002: Women (curling) 2010: Amy Williams (skeleton) 2014: Lizzy Yarnold (skeleton) * Madge Syers won figure skating gold at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London
Britain claimed the skeleton title for the second successive Winter Olympics after Amy Williams won gold at the 2010 Vancouver Games.
It is Britain's second medal in Sochi and 10th gold in Winter Games history.
Britain's reigning world champion Shelley Rudman, who won silver at the 2006 Olympics, finished 16th.
Yarnold led after every round of the competition and held a 0.44 second advantage after the first two runs on Thursday.
They extended that to 0.78 secs after setting a new track record in Friday's third run before finishing in a total of three minutes, 52.89 seconds, ahead of Pikus-Pace and bronze medallist Elena Nikitina of Russia.
"I'm just so chuffed I'm Olympic champion," Yarnold told BBC Sport.
"My fourth run I was totally relaxed and enjoyed it. It was a bit of a messy one but I'm just so thrilled I got myself here after five years hard work.
"As an athlete you do so much hard work, but it's worth it for days like this."
UK Sport set Team GB the challenge of securing three medals in Sochi, whilst predicting they could claim up to seven.
After Jenny Jones won snowboard slopestyle bronze on Sunday, Great Britain is now edging closer to their minimum target.
Yarnold's success means British Skeleton maintained its proud tradition of securing a medal in each of the six Olympic Games the sport has featured in, dating back to 1928.
They grew up in Kent and competed in heptathlon events as a child, having been inspired to take up the sport by watching Denise Lewis win Olympic gold at the Sydney 2000 Games.
Analysis "Lizzy Yarnold is unique. They have something different within them psychologically. Within five years of starting they have become an Olympic champion, and that is pretty much unheard of in any sport. "She experienced intensive teaching in the first year, doing hundreds of runs with great equipment and coaching. You have to be taught how to slide, then you are developed from there as quickly as possible into a champion."
Yarnold took up skeleton in 2008 after being recruited through UK Sport-backed talented identification programme 'Girls4Gold'.
Last month they won the overall Skeleton World Cup title after setting a British record of seven podium finishes in a season.
Them medal will be presented at a ceremony at the Olympic Park at 16:30 GMT on Saturday.
Pikus-Pace, 31, who was fourth at the Vancouver Games and now plans to retire from the sport, revealed that they suffered a black-out on the course last Wednesday.
The mother-of-two lost consciousness and had to go for an MRI scan last Friday, missing several training sessions in the process.
"I couldn't hear or see when I got to the bottom and it was a bit scary," they said. "But I don't want to take anything away from Lizzy's win. I was fine today and they were brilliant."
The iconic NASA spacesuit didn't show up in astronauts' closets fully formed. Here, a small sampling of the many precursors held with reverence at the Smithsonian Museum.
Above, left to right:
Mark IV, B.F. Goodrich; Mark II – Model "O", B.F. Goodrich, 1956; Mark V – Modified, B.F. Goodrich, 1968; Mark II – Model "R", B.F. Goodrich, 1956
The spacesuits worn by the Mercury, Gemini, and Apollo astronauts are among the most asked for, and asked about artifacts in the Smithsonian national collection. It is true that explorers of remote, inaccessible, and environmentally inhospitable regions of Earth (notably of the Arctic and Antarctic regions), and test pilots since the 1930s, have required specially designed clothing of various sorts. It is a testament to the extraordinary cultural significance of spaceflight, however, that spacesuits attract far more attention than the parkas, snow shoes, flight jackets, and even pressure-suits and "crash helmets" of Earth-and-air-bound explorers. The popularity and interest in spacesuits, of course, reflects the extraordinary cultural status of spaceflight. While human spaceflight in the United States began as a direct extension of test-flying experimental, high-performance aircraft for the military, and owes much to the precedent and traditions of Arctic and Antarctic exploration, the placing of humans into orbit, and especially the act of walking about upon the surface of the moon during the 1960s and 1970s, has had direct and symbolic meaning to the American public that is hard to overestimate. – Allan Needell, PhD National Air and Space Museum
Advertisement
Mercury Helmets, left to right: A4-H – Universal Hamilton Standard, 1964; Spd-143-1a Ax1-L Apollo Prototype, ILC Industries, 1963; GT-7 – Gemini Protective Helmet. 1965; Mercury – Training, Schirra, 1960
Left: A5-L – Apollo Prototype, ILC Industries, 1965; Right: A4-H – Apollo Developmental ILC for Hamilton Standard, 1964
Advertisement
Radiograph Image of A4-H "Universal" Helmet, Hamilton Standard, 1964 Ron Cunningham and Mark Avino
Advertisement
EX1-A – Mobility Demonstrations, AiResearch Corporation, 1969, Courtesy of NASA
Astronaut Ed White During First U.S. Spacewalk, Gemini 4 1965, Courtesy of NASA
All images and captions from "Spacesuits: The Smithsonian National Air and Space Museum Collection" by Amanda Young and Mark Avino, published by powerHouse Books. Available from Amazon or direct from powerHouse.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
In recent weeks, politicians on both sides of the aisle have been fundraising off of the government shutdown and possible default. On Monday, the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee blasted out an appeal to raise $2.5 million in order to stand up “against Republican hostage-takers.” Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) has used the occasion to make a bigger point about the ideology of those tea party hostage takers. On Friday morning, they sent out a missive to their supporters, not to ask for money, but to slam the hypocrisy of “anarchist,” “extremist” GOPers who rage constantly about the ills of big government, and then beg for it when it's gone. Warren made similar remarks in a speech on the Senate floor on Thursday.
“[N]ow that the House Republicans have shut down the government—holding the country hostage because of some imaginary government ‘health care boogeyman'—Republicans almost immediately turned around and called on us to start reopening parts of our government,” Warren says. And this is nothing new: “After the sequester kicked in,” they add, “Republicans immediately turned around and called on us to protect funding for our national defense and to keep our air traffic controllers on the job.”
Here's more Warren debunking the myth of “boogeyman government”:
When was the last time the anarchy gang called for regulators to go easier on companies that put lead in children's toys? Or for inspectors to stop checking whether the meat in our grocery stores is crawling with deadly bacteria? Or for the FDA to ignore whether morning sickness drugs will cause horrible deformities in our babies? When? Never. In fact, whenever the anarchists make any headway in their quest and cause damage to our government, the opposite happens. … Why do they do this? Because the boogeyman government in the alternate universe of their fiery political speeches isn't real. It doesn't exist. Government is real, and it has three basic functions:
1. Provide for the national defense.
2. Put rules in place rules, like traffic lights and bank regulations, that are fair and transparent.
3. Build the things together that none of us can build alone – roads, schools, power grids – the things that give everyone a chance to succeed. … We are alive, we are healthier, we are stronger because of government.
The supporters who received Warren's email obviously agree with them Perhaps those Americans who disagree, but can't get a flu vaccination, or a home loan, or a disability payment with a shut down government, will eventually come around, too.
THE COUNTRY'S SEVENTIETH INDEPENDENCE DAY is a fitting occasion to ask a simple question: which single individual in modern Indian history can be said to have had the greatest impact on our destiny? It is facile, and perhaps a sop to national vanity, to answer Mohandas Gandhi, for had Gandhi had such impact, then we would scarcely be in our current state. Gandhi did not decide the lingua franca of independent India's public life. Nor did they conceive our education system, write the laws by which we live, or design the administrative services which run India. Gandhi wanted swaraj, or self-rule, not representative democracy, which, as they wrote in Hind Swaraj, they detested.
A more reasonable answer to the question would be Jawaharlal Nehru. They certainly had a big role in deciding independent India's lingua franca, its education policy and its administrative and legal setup. And they surely stood for the system of representative democracy that continues into the present, categorically dismissing Gandhi's idea of swaraj.
However, in all the above respects, Nehru was actually following in the footsteps of a longstanding modern British liberal tradition, whose imperial roots in the British Raj can be traced back to the 1830s. The man who actually had the profoundest impact on these critical matters was the early nineteenth-century Scottish legislator Thomas Babington Macaulay, who spent an eventful four years in India between 1834 and 1838.
As a part of a greater effort to use social media to connect with Catholics worldwide, the Pope will start relieving punishment for your sins via social media.
According to the Vatican's Sacred Apostolic Penitentiary publication, Pope Francis will be giving "plenary indulgences" — which is a special act that is said to reduce time in purgatory — to their Twitter followers. The Pope typically offers indulgences to those who see them in person, but for the first time this year, it will extend to virtual visits, too.
SEE ALSO: 6 Best iPhone Apps of 2012
The decision was made as the Pope gears up to visit the World Youth Festival in Brazil next week. The Guardian is reporting Catholics will be able to follow the "rites and pious exercises" that the Pope will do in Brazil online.
For social followers who have previously confessed their sins, have been absolved by a priest and have attended mass, they can follow along live through the social networking site and receive that special forgiveness. Users must follow the events live to participate.
"You don't obtain an indulgence like you get a coffee from a vending machine," Monsignor Claudio Maria Celli, the president of the Pontifical Council for Social Communication, told Sacred Apostolic Penitentiary. "It's not enough just to watch a Mass online or follow Pope Francis via live streaming on your iPad or by connecting to Pope2You.net. These are just devices. What really counts is that the Tweet that the Pope will send from Brazil or the photos from World Youth Day produce genuine spiritual fruit in the heart of the person."
The Vatican has been embracing social media more in the past year. In December, Pope Benedict received their own personal handle. But this isn't the first time a Pope has used a new platform to reach the masses. In 1931, Pope Pius XI worked with the Italian inventor of the radio, Guglielmo Marconi, to set up the Vatican's first radio broadcasting.
UPDATE: A previous version of this story said Pope Francis will pardon sins via Twitter, but plenary indulgences grant pardon from punishment due to sins which have already been absolved. We regret the error.
Image: Tullio M. Puglia/Getty Images
As AI becomes more and more complex, it can become difficult for even its own designers understand why it acts the way it does. This poses a serious problem, particularly when given the common perception that AI is somehow objective or scientific. In such scenarios, technology becomes a black box that makes decisions and offers pronouncements and that we are encouraged to obey. As complexity only grows, it becomes more and more important to be aware of what effects AI is having on a broader social reality.
But the fact is that technology is never neutral. The example of sexist interpretation of images is just the tip of the iceberg. Since machine learning and AI operate through collecting, filtering, and then learning from and analyzing existing data, they will replicate existing structural biases unless they are designed explicitly to account for and counteract that. To address this situation, an approach would require a specifically social justice-oriented perspective, one that considers how economics intertwine with gender, race, sexuality, and a host of other factors. But given cultural factors such as the pervasive faith in blind meritocracy among tech professionals, pushing ideas focused on equity will be an uphill battle.
As AI becomes more and more complex, it can become difficult for even its own designers understand why it acts the way it does.
There are moves afoot, however. AI Now is a New York-based research initiative led by Kate Crawford and Meredith Whittaker that seeks to further understanding of how AI works, how it might be put to better use, and how current implementations may sometimes be harmful. In an annual report, the group put out a series of recommendations designed to offer a perspective on how to mitigate the worst of AI's prejudices. Among them: dedicated resources to diversifying the range of inputs for AI systems, especially those related to marginalized groups—photos of men doing the dishes, say, or of two women getting married. Another suggestion is to develop systems to evaluate AI's fairness and harms when in use; and try and improve diversity amongst the people designing and implementing AI in order to ferret out blind spots and bias. After all, if more of the developers were black, or women, then the programs might not reflect such a white, male worldview.
When we talk about artificial intelligence, it can be easy to get carried away with alarmism. Recently, dramatic headlines circulated that Facebook had to cut off an AI experiment because two bots “invented their own language.” In reality, all that happened is that the bots started to communicate in a shorthand, and not in a way that was understandable to most humans—the program was cancelled not because it had become dangerous, but because it had ceased to be useful. There were no nefarious plots of autonomous intelligences to conquer the earth.
But in a sense, one thing that digital technology has done is to make manifest the ideas of society. Social media, for example, makes visible and concrete the idea of a “public sphere,” and we've seen there can be both incredible up- and downsides to this: The electric nature of open conversation also brings with it harassment and public venues for hate. For its part, AI seems to reveal the structure behind the structural bias. There are complex material and ideological factors and institutions that shape our lives, and in order to counteract the prejudice contained therein, we first need to recognize that we are in fact shaped and influenced by these bigger systems, and then work against their tendency to reproduce existing power structures. What is clear, however, is that the “intelligence” of AI is the output of our own investments and biases, and it behoves us to build it in a way the recognizes that fact. AI will always reflect its input, and its input is us—our culture, our ideologies, our selves. To make the technology that will enable a more just future, those are what we have to change.
Almost like church bells or a clock tower, a town in the western highlands of Guatemala has been able to practically tell the time by the regular eruptions of a local volcano. In the town of Quetzaltenango, volcanic eruptions have occurred so frequently that they have nearly marked every passing hour of every day for 94 years.
The source: Santiaguito, one of the world's most active lava-dome complexes, which is situated at the base of the stratovolcano Santa Maria. The complex formed about 20 years after a massive explosion in 1902.
“[Since then], almost continuous minor explosions have accompanied the growth of the Santiaguito,” says Stephanie Grocke, a National Geographic Explorer and volcanologist. “There has not been an extensive period of time since 1922 when Santiaguito was quiet.”
Scientists are trying to unravel the internal structure of the volcano to figure out what is causing the regular activity at Santiaguito, Grocke adds.
“What we know for sure is that magma and gas are steadily rising from deep within the system, allowing the volcano to continuously show signs of life,” Grocke says.
Before an explosion, the vent at the top of the Santiaguito dome is sealed, trapping hot gases and magma below. As the gas builds up, the pressure increases and eventually tears through the dome's sealed vent, releasing the pent-up gases and sending magma and loose rocks skyward. Santiaguito eventually runs out of fuel, causing eruptions to cease. The materials that were spit out cover the dome, resealing Santiaguito's vent and starting the process over again.
The size of the eruptions are never the same, Grocke says. Most often, they tend to be small, producing mainly ash plumes that can reach a height of nearly 1,640 feet, or lava flows that travel about two miles from the summit. However, there are some eruptions that prove more dangerous.
“At times, larger explosions occur, producing ash plumes that rise less than 3 kilometers above the vent,” Grocke says. Such instances can result in fast-moving pyroclastic flows, or hot flows made up of gas, ash, and rock fragments, that can be deadly to local communities. Volcanic mudflows, or lahars, are also another serious hazard.
What makes Santiaguito unique isn't its episodic eruptions, Grocke says, as there are plenty of volcanoes around the world that exhibit this sort of behavior.
SAN YSIDRO – Border Patrol agent Duane Cody presses against the only slice of single fence legally accessible in the San Diego border's massive two-fence system and assures three women on Mexican soil that for four hours every Saturday this is a special safe zone for everyone, including illegal immigrants meeting with relatives from south of the border.
Speaking in Spanish through the thick steel grate with open squares barely big enough to slip a pen through, the women again ask if they are absolutely sure there will be no arrests on the U.S. side in this area called Friendship Circle. Cody, who has relatives in Mexico, smiles and promises that once a week the spot isn't about cracking down on illegal immigration. It's about compassion.
Slated to end two years ago but then reversed, the four-hour amnesty at the little park and other similar efforts show the Border Patrol is trying hard to shift lingering perceptions of its agents as ruthless hunters of those seeking a better life.
It's that image that UCI students targeted recently when they leveled accusations that the “Border Patrol has historically enacted violence and unjust killings” as part of a petition to ban the Border Patrol from a campus job fair.
The petition, which gathered 650 signatures on the website Change.org, also said “having Border Patrol agents on campus is a blatant disregard to undocumented students' safety and well-being.”
Agents subsequently agreed to not attend the job fair.
On a recent trip to the border, I learned that the Border Patrol in 2015 is far different than it was years ago, and so is its mission. Which makes a petition to ban an entire branch of the U.S. government as misguided as it is confusing.
CARTELS ARE PRIORITY
Border Patrol agent Frank Alvarado was born and raised in San Diego. Now 32, they were bused as a child in an effort to desegregate schools and, like Cody, grew up visiting relatives in Mexico. Bilingual, they share with intentional irony as well as with some humor that their wife is part-way through law school to become a pro bono immigration attorney.
“The culture's changed in the last 10 years,” Alvarado says of the border patrol. “We're not all bad agents that people make us out to be.”
Border patrol agents still guard the border and pick up illegal immigrants. But Alvarado maintains the primary focus isn't chasing moms, dads, children, students. Instead, the agency's major goal is to prevent cartels from smuggling humans as well as illegal drugs.
Alvarado, whose grandfather and father served in the Navy, recalls the early 1990s when hundreds of undocumented immigrants would rush border gates, poring into the country. The highest number of apprehensions in the 60-mile San Diego sector was 628,000 in 1986.
Last year, there were 29,911 apprehensions.
Pointing out that the U.S. grants more than 1 million visas a year, the agent says there still is a need to secure the border.
Cruising between the two fences in Otay Mesa east of downtown Tijuana, Alvarado shows where a series of sophisticated smuggling tunnels were discovered and explains that cartels pay watchers to report agents' movements. They also point to hundreds of scars along the secondary 18-foot fence.
First, they explain, a runner will hack an opening in the steel grate with an ax. Next, another runner will widen the hole with a portable power saw. Then people slip through.
The entire operation can take less than 2 minutes.
They say immigrants aren't just the working poor. They cite Juan Francisco Lopez-Sanchez, an undocumented man and repeat felon who was deported five times before being charged in July with shooting and killing 32-year-old Kathryn Steinle in San Francisco.
“There's a misconception,” Alvarado says, “that all people who come across are good people.”
NARCO TRAFFICKERS
Border Patrol agent Andrew Field sits behind the wheel of an SUV under camouflage netting that offers protection from the midday sun in San Ysidro. On this day it's quiet. They allow that immigrants prefer the cover of darkness, especially when it's combined with a thick marine layer of fog.
On those nights, Field says, they can't see people. But they can hear dozens of footsteps.
As we talk, a lone man suddenly appears on the U.S. side of what agents call the primary fence. It is comprised of a seemingly never-ending series of 40-year-old rusty steel plates left from makeshift runways during the Vietnam War.
With binoculars at rest on the dashboard, Field watches the man make their way down a concrete slope. The man steps into a ravine as wide as a football field that turns into a debris-filled river during rains. On this day, there is barely a trickle. But bushes and weeds grow chest high, and the man wades into the brush.
They disappear for a moment. But then their head pokes up. They don't move.
Field says it's likely the man is homeless, possibly high on drugs and disoriented. Given time, they may wander back into Mexico, they said. So for the time being, agents merely monitor.
Several thousand yards down the channel, a very different scene unwinds. There, an agent has just caught a suspected illegal immigrant. It happens to be an area where a year ago the road collapsed, exposing a tunnel.
The UCI petition states, “Over 400 migrants die each year crossing the border.”
Alvarado acknowledges that people die trying to enter the U.S. But they blame criminal organizations that smuggle people in hot, enclosed trucks or fragile Panga boats that travel as far as 250 miles from shore.
“I'm not talking about mom-and-pop operations,” Alvarado says while they patrol the border in a white Suburban, gun, Taser and pepper spray strapped to their belt. “These are narco-trafficking organizations.”
The worst thing Alvarado's seen in their eight years as an agent was when a smuggler abandoned two mothers with two children, one a baby. By the time agents found them in triple-digit temperatures, the baby was severely dehydrated and close to death.
“I know there's a lot of desperation to have a better life,” says Alvarado, father of a 2-year-old son with a second boy on the way. “But it shouldn't come to jeopardizing a baby.”
Alvarado heads west toward Imperial Beach. Along the secondary fence, rolls of razor-sharp concertina wire that were added just two weeks ago glisten in the sun.
I touch the wire and nearly slice open a finger. But the agent predicts thick carpeting or a mattress will be thrown over the razor wire, ladders put on top. They admit there is no way to stop someone determined to cross the border. “The wire just buys us more time to prevent them from breaking through.”
With the ocean in view from the bluff that makes up the U.S. side of Friendship Circle, Juan Zapata squats and pokes their fingers through the weathered grate. On the other side, their wife watches silently while father and son touch fingers.
FAMILY CONNECTIONS
Husband can't hug their wife. Son can barely see their father through steel mesh. Yet it is enough of a connection that this family has come together this way several times over the last six months.
With their border agent badge glistening, Cody watches but doesn't ask questions, demand documents or make an arrest. They say they have a 5-year-old son and a 2-year-old girl and believes that however limited, the tiny openings help build family unity.
Still, life on the line and shouts of “la migra” are never ending. Shortly after the Zapatas say their goodbyes, San Diego sector agents arrest two U.S. citizens in Campo for attempting to smuggle two men in the trunk of a Volvo.
The petition to ban the border patrol contends, “The border itself is also an arbitrary boundary line that serves to control migration and contributed to the notion of ‘illegal' immigration, a term that dehumanizes our right to migrate freely.”
Part of that is arguably correct. Borders indeed are arbitrary, the result of wars, political battles, land purchases. But the statement “right to migrate freely” is problematic.
“We're a country of immigrants,” Alvarado says, pointing out that as of 2011, the latest year available, 52 percent of agents were Latino. “But we're also a country of laws.”
Contact the writer: dwhiting@ocregister.com
Let's get to the Philadelphia Eagles links ...
Bradford lifts Eagles to OT win - Inquirer
The play call came into the headset in Sam Bradford's helmet from Chip Kelly, and the quarterback turned to wide receiver Jordan Matthews. "Hey, I'm coming to you," Bradford said. "Win right here." The message came before the ninth play of overtime on Sunday against the Dallas Cowboys, and there would not be a 10th. Bradford found Matthews, just as the play was designed, and Matthews ran 41 yards through the Cowboys defense for the Eagles' 33-27 victory. "He trusted me, they gave the chance to catch and run, so it was game over," Matthews said.
Handing out 10 awards from the Eagles-Cowboys game - PhillyVoice
The Eagles are -30 in point differential on the season in the first quarter. Against Dallas they were outscored 7-0 and outgained 116-48. Here are the Eagles' first quarter scores on the season.
Clutch - Iggles Blitz
There are a lot of heroes in this game, but none bigger than the Eagles OL. Lane Johnson played LT for the first time in their NFL career and had a good game. Dennis Kelly made their first start at RT since 2012 and played far better than any of us expected. The Eagles ran for 172 yards. Sam Bradford threw for 295 yards and was only sacked once. They got hit a few times, but had plenty of time to throw.
Four Downs: Bradford Steps Up In Win - Birds 24/7
112 - That's how many receiving yards Cole Beasley tallied tonight, as they recorded nine catches on 11 targets. They also scored two receiving touchdowns and consistently hurt the Eagles — but mostly Malcolm Jenkins — on double-moves. On both of their touchdowns, Beasley ran a few yards to the outside, then quickly turned and cut back inside. Jenkins struggled against the quick receiver in the slot, but the second touchdown appeared to involve a miscommunication. Jenkins maintained outside leverage even as Beasley cut inside, so they were likely expecting help from a safety or inside linebacker.
Philly radio station raises $19K for women's shelter in Dallas following release of Greg Hardy photos - NJ.com
If there is any good to come from the incident involving Dallas Cowboys defensive end Greg Hardy and then-girlfriend Nicole Holder from May 2014, this is it. And it is coming from, of all places, the Cowboys' rival city -- Philadelphia. After the release of 48 photos from the incident involving Hardy and Holder were released on Friday, Sports Radio 94 WIP, the top sports station in the city, started a GoFundMe account for the Genesis Women's Shelter in Dallas. As of Sunday morning, the station had raised just over $19,000, far surpassing its goal of $3,000.
A Win That Means So Much For Eagles - PE.com
Chip Kelly is right when they say that each week carries the same weight in an NFL season and that each win means the same and that next Sunday against Miami represents the same challenge as a prime-time, all-timer against arch-rival Dallas on Sunday night at AT&T Stadium. But still, let's let our guard down for just a moment here ...
DeMarco Murray's return to Dallas turns into sweet redemption - CSN Philly
The Eagles beat the Cowboys, 33-27, and if you want a story of redemption, here it is. In the first Eagles-Cowboys game, Murray was 13 for 2 rushing. Sunday, they battered their former team up and down its own field. “I saw the frustration after the first game,” center Jason Kelce said. “Saw the frustration during the first game. I think regardless of what they say to the media, there are some relationships they have on this team, they made a big move during the offseason and I imagine this kind of meant a little bit more than a typical game for him.”
The Dallas Cowboys need to cut Greg Hardy, and yet they aren't doing it - SB Nation
Nobody is forcing the Dallas Cowboys to employ Greg Hardy. They're choosing to do it, in spite of the horrific things we know he's done.
Eagles and NRG are working together to give away tickets, prize packs, and more
Check this out, Eagles fans! And stay tuned to BGN for more info on contests involving free tickets.
Download the Eagles Almanac - $15
Social Media Information:
BGN Facebook Page:
BGN Twitter: Follow @BleedingGreen
Philly sports attire: Check out Philly Phaithful!
Manager: Brandon Lee Gowton Follow @BrandonGowton
U.S. President Donald Trump praised Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan as a friend who gets "high marks" for "running a very difficult part of the world."
Trump's effusive praise for the Turkish leader came on the sidelines of the United Nations General Assembly on Thursday despite tensions between the two countries over the conduct of Turkish security officials toward American protesters.
Hours before Trump met Erdoğan for talks, Erdoğan supporters punched and kicked three protesters who interrupted their speech at a New York hotel.
Erdoğan was addressing several hundred people at an event organized by a business group, the Turkish-American National Steering Committee, when one man stood and began shouting, "Terrorist! Terrorist!"
Voice of America TV footage shows audience members pummeling them as U.S. security officers tried to hustle them to safety. Soon after they were gone, a second man followed suit and also was repeatedly punched and hit over the head with Turkish flags as they were led outside by U.S. security.
Erdoğan tried to calm the crowd, saying: "Let's not sacrifice the whole meeting for a couple of terrorists."
Then a third protester started heckling the president from a different part of the crowd. Although that incident occurred off-camera, a VOA reporter who was nearby said he, too, was beaten.
This was the second time this year that protesters in America have been assaulted by Erdoğan supporters.
In past months, 21 people — many of whom were members of the Turkish ambassador's security detail — were indicted for allegedly attacking protesters outside the Turkish embassy in Washington in May. All were charged with conspiracy to commit a crime of violence, a felony punishable by a maximum of 15 years in prison. Several face additional charges of assault with a deadly weapon.
WATCH: Erdoğan Watched Violent Clash Near Embassy in May
The brawl erupted outside the residence of Turkey's ambassador to Washington shortly after Trump met with Erdoğan at the White House. Video of the protest recorded by VOA's Turkish service, showing what appear to be security guards and some Erdoğan supporters attacking a small group of demonstrators, went viral.
Erdoğan said in a PBS interview that they were "very sorry" for the violence in May. Erdoğan also claimed U.S. President Donald Trump called them a week ago about what happened in May to say he, too, was sorry, and that "he was going to follow up about this issue when [Erdoğan and their people] come to the United States within the framework of an official visit."
The White House has since strongly denied Erdoğan's account of the phone conversation with Trump.
On Thursday, during their appearance with Erdoğan, Trump was asked about the conversation with the Turkish leader regarding the violence against peaceful protesters. Trump did not respond.
VOA's Turkish service, Peter Heinlein and Paul Alexander contributed to this report.
While we know that yellow dwarf stars like our sun are capable of supporting life, there's another star type that is a prime hunting ground for potentially habitable exoplanets.
M-dwarf stars are extremely common in the Universe and a typical one is relatively small and dim, making it easy for astronomers to detect a passing planet. If orbiting planets huddle close enough to an M-dwarf, in theory they could fall within the habitable zone where surface liquid water, and thus life, is possible.
Yet, an M-dwarf's habitable zone is poorly understood. It is not clear how far away the planets need to be orbiting from the star for surface liquid water to be possible. Because planets in this range orbit so close to an M-dwarf they may be tidally locked, said Ravi Kumar Kopparapu, an assistant research scientist at the NASA Goddard Space Flight Center in Maryland.
“They're always facing the same side of the star, just like the Moon does around the Earth,” they said.
This position could potentially stabilize the climate for life, but on the other hand, the side facing the star might be very hot while the side facing away is very cold.
Kopparapu said a better understanding of habitable zones around M-dwarfs needs to come quickly because of upcoming missions in exoplanet research. NASA's Transiting Exoplanet Survey Satellite (TESS) is scheduled to launch next year to observe more planets and to serve as a guidepost for NASA's James Webb Space Telescope in 2018. James Webb can provide higher resolution data that can tell us about what kind of gases are present in the atmosphere of a planet orbiting an M-dwarf star. This data can bring out details such as a planet's temperature, revealing the potential for the right conditions to exist for life.
A paper based on Kopparapu's research, “The inner edge of the habitable zone for synchronously rotating planets around low-mass stars using general circulation models,” was recently published in The Astrophysical Journal.
Refined climate model
Kopparapu previously came up with a one-dimensional climate model of habitable zones around all stars, including M-dwarfs. This model did not take into account tidal locking around the star, but instead found two types of habitability limits. The first is a moist greenhouse limit, where a planet that is close enough to a star would have water vapor dominated atmosphere rendering the planet uninhabitable due to high temperatures. The second limit is a runaway greenhouse effect, where the energy from the star is so intense (higher than the energy absorbed in the moist greenhouse limit) that it causes oceans to evaporate.
The new model, explained in the most recent paper, simulates a water-rich planet (roughly Earth's size). Previous research using this same model found that the climate of such a planet would depend on atmospheric circulation, which in turn depends on the Coriolis force (created by the planet's rotation). In slowly rotating planets near the inner edge of the habitable zone, the Coriolis force is weak, the clouds stay fairly stationary, and the planet has lower temperatures than predicted by one-dimensional models because the clouds reflect the light of the star. This results in the habitable zone being much closer to the star to take into account this cooling effect.
Kopparapu's team was able to reproduce those results, but there was one key difference.
“Our habitable zones are a little farther away from the star than what they get from their model because the planets get warmer faster,” they said. “This means the width of the habitable zone around M-dwarf stars is not as wide as previously thought.”
Kopparapu said their team took into account Kepler's third law of motion, which is a fundamental part of physics and astronomy. The law, simply put, says the time it takes a planet to orbit its star is roughly proportional to the size of its orbit. The older study assumed a constant orbital period of 60 days at the inner edge of the habitable zone, but the orbital and rotational period did not match what Kepler's law predicts.
More study is planned to refine the size of these habitable zones. Kopparapu has funding from NASA's Habitable Worlds Grant. Their proposal will update our understanding of how water vapor can absorb incoming radiation from the star. This can influence the warmth of a planet and further reduce the width of the habitable zone.
Funding sources for the work include the NASA Astrobiology Institute's Virtual Planetary Laboratory, the NASA Planetary Atmospheres Program, the Center for Exoplanets and Habitable Worlds, the National Science Foundation and Penn State Astrobiology Research Center.
Craziest thing Vancouver – I'm now talking for a living.
My family is not surprised.
article continues below
This week, I've launched 12th and Cambie: The Podcast! , a show dedicated to all things civic affairs. I see it as an extension of the 12th and Cambie column I've been writing in the Courier for several years. My first guest was Mayor Gregor Robertson.
They joined me for a solid 20 minutes and talked cycling, their family connection to Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and commented on the firing of chief housing officer, Mukhtar Latif. They also brought me up to date on their plans for re-election and responded to my question about stepping aside and letting one of their own councillors have a shot at running for mayor.
“That's a good question,” they said.
See, the podcast is worth listening to Vancouver – I asked a good question. Hear what the mayor's response was and please tune in to future shows. You can find 12th and Cambie: The Podcast! on the Courier's website and at pressplaynetwork.ca. Comments and suggestions are welcomed. In advance, thanks for listening.
mhowell@vancourier.com
@Howellings
In its first night time trial, India has successfully test fired Agni-I ballistic missile from a test range at the Wheeler Island off Odisha coast near Bhadrak district, officials said on Saturday.
The Strategic Forces Command (SFC) of India conducted the test at 9.10 pm on Friday as part of regular training exercise. “The missile took off in a perfect launch and reached the target point in Bay of Bengal meeting all the mission objectives successfully,” said Ravi Kumar Gupta, spokesperson of Defence Research Development Organisation (DRDO).
The DRDO developed the medium range missile that can strike a target at 700 km away. It was first test-fired from the same base on January 25, 2002 and is now part of the armed forces arsenal. Several trials of the missile have been conducted since then, but this was the first night trial to reconfirm its technological parameters.
First Published: Apr 12, 2014 09:20 IST
Nick Lachey, Ohioan (Instagram)
In the years since their ill-fated marriage, Jessica Simpson has gone on to found an empire while Nick Lachey has, well, he's the host of that NBC singing competition show that's not The Voice.
But if all goes according to plan, Lachey could be rolling in a Scarface-sized legal drug fortune very soon.
On Tuesday, Ohio voters will vote whether or not to legalize marijuana in the state. However, the bill is notably different from previous ones in states like Colorado, Washington, Oregon, and Alaska, which have already legalized weed.
As the Washington Post reports, Ohio's legal marijuana bill is being peddled by a group more random than a Justice League meeting (Nick Lachey? Former Cincinnati Royals great Oscar Robertson? Descendants of President William Taft?). And there's language in the bill which “would restrict virtually all large-scale marijuana cultivation to 10 specifically designated farms.” Who owns those 10 farms? The very same group.
View photos
Nick Lachey for ResponsibleOhio (ProgressOhio)
The Washington Post's study cites a report which claims that within four years, the 10 farms would be selling $1.1 billion worth of pot per year. That's a far more sizable check than the monthly royalty payments for “Because of You.”
According to a Buzzfeed report about the group from August, Lachey — who grew up in Cincinnati — got involved through their friendship with NFL defensive end Frostee Rucker, whose agent, James Gould, started the group.
The measure is, of course, controversial. First of all, Ohio is far from liberal, and the passage of such a bill is not necessarily guaranteed. (As it stands now, it's too close to call: A recent poll found 46 percent of Ohioans in favor, 46 percent opposed, and 8 percent undecided.) Second, the bill would explicitly create a monopoly within the brand-new legal marijuana industry in Ohio.
“People are asking the question, how can somebody put themselves in the constitution exclusively to make money?” Curt Steiner, director of Ohioans Against Marijuana Monopolies told the Post. “That's exactly what the proponents are trying to do.”
DECORAH, Iowa - What had been for Rick Perry a calm day filled with church services and friendly audiences, ended on a sour note as the governor found themselves in two confrontations during their last town hall Sunday over controversial natural gas extraction techniques and gays serving openly in the military.
In the first exchange, Perry found themselves debating a college student over whether hydraulic fracturing, or "fracking" -- a method for natural gas extraction -- pollutes surrounding groundwater.
After the event, Perry had to explain to a 14-year-old girl why they opposed gays serving openly in the military.
The first conflict began innocently enough. The Texas governor had just fielded a question about construction of the Keystone XL pipeline project that gave them an opening to advocate support for the pipeline and further exploration of domestic energy resources. The next question came from 22-year-old Carrie Kauffamn, a student from nearby Luther College, who asserted that it had been proven the solution used in fracking pollutes groundwater.
"No ma'am," Perry said. When Kauffman insisted, Perry cut their off, replying, "We can have this conversation, but you cannot show me one place where there is a proven - not one - where there is proven pollution of groundwater by hydraulic fracturing."
When the audience began to voice support for the young woman, calling out, "it's false," Perry challenged them to bring them the study in question. A follow-up conversation with Kaufmann revealed they were talking about a recent Environmental Protection Agency study out of Wyoming that showed chemical contamination of the area's groundwater was the likely result of fracking.
Perry's tone began to betray their frustration.
"I am truly offended that the American public would be hoodwinked by stories that do not scientifically hold up," they said, their voice rising. "If that was true it would be on the front page of every newspaper, it would be on ABC, NBC, CBS, Fox News, everybody would be running that story. We have been using hydraulic fracturing in my home state for years, and this is a fear tactic that the left is using and the environmental community is using that absolutely - excuse the pun, that does not hold water."
The audience continued to protest, and they ended the exchange by challenging them to bring them evidence once again, and saying they would concede their point if they could do so.
In a follow-up interview with several reporters, Kauffmann stuck to their guns. "He's wrong," they said. "If I had a smart phone, I would have looked it up right there."
The event only continued a turn for the negative. As Perry shook hands, a girl approached them and asked why they opposed gays serving openly in the military. Them question ended with a charged clause: "and why you want to deny them their freedom when they're fighting for your rights."
What Perry didn't know during the exchange was that the teen themselves is openly bisexual.
"This is about my faith, and I happen to think that there are a whole host of sins, homosexuality being one of them," Perry said, adding that they themselves was "a sinner" so they wouldn't "be the first one to throw a stone."
Reflecting on another question they had received this week about how they would feel if their own child were gay, Perry said, "I'd feel the same way. I hate the sin but I love the sinner."
"I'm openly bisexual and I didn't want to be told that if I wanted to serve in the military that I couldn't, and I just think [the Don't Ask, Don't Tell] policy is completely ridiculous," the girl told reporters after the exchange. "Nobody should be able to tell somebody who they can or cannot love. I just don't agree with it."
Them father said they and their daughter came to the event after seeing an ad Perry is airing in Iowa that questions why gays can serve openly in the military while "our kids can't openly celebrate Christmas or pray in school."
"He seemed to get that backward. Christians are not being persecuted in the United States of America. They've been in a position of dominance and power and privilege throughout the history of the United States of America. LGBT persons have not," they told reporters.
The rest of Perry's event, to a crowd of about 125, was standard stump speech fare that focused heavily on their record of job creation in Texas and the need to bring an outsider to Washington.
They also continued to take jabs at their rivals, former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney and former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, Romney for raising corporate taxes in Massachusetts and Gingrich for using the Social Security fund to help balance the budget.
TOMS RIVER — Mayor Thomas F. Kelaher plans to help lead an expedition of 15 area residents and professionals to the Arctic next year to have a first-hand look at the early effects of climate change, the Asbury Park Press reported.
A documentary film crew for the PBS series NOVA is expected to chronicle the trip to the far reaches of northern Norway, which will include other representatives from different geographic regions throughout the United States, the newspaper reported. Each of these regions face a unique dilemma related if predictions about climate change are born out, the newspaper reported.
Kelaher, 82, was tapped because of the catastrophic impact Superstorm Sandy had on coastal neighborhoods in their town, the newspaper reported. However, Kelaher, a conservative Republican, remains skeptical of the assertion that climate change is the result of modern human civilization, according to the newspaper.
Justin Zaremba may be reached at jzaremba@njadvancemedia.com. Follow them on Twitter @JustinZarembaNJ. Find NJ.com on Facebook.
VIENNA — Some Vienna pedestrian traffic lights are suddenly not only red or green. They're also gay or straight.
And Austria's right-wing Freedom Party is livid.
Over the past few days, the city started setting up lights at pedestrian crossings that show pairs of figures instead of the usual stick men. Some depict a man and a woman. Others, two women. Still others, two men. All couples are complete with hearts.
The lights are being erected at 47 crossings and will stay up until June. Vienna hosts several events linked to tolerance during that time, including the Life Ball, Europe's biggest charity event for AIDS and HIV research, and the Eurovision Song Contest, won last year by Austrian cross-dressing pop star Conchita Wurst.
Pedestrians were neutral to positive when asked Tuesday whether they liked the concept.
“I think this is a great idea,” said Clemens Bendtner. “The topic of equality and equal treatment is a very important issue, and it is getting some attention through the campaign.”
But not all Austrians are amused. The Freedom Party has announced it is lodging a criminal complaint against Vienna Councilwoman Maria Vassilakou, who is in charge of traffic issues in the city.
Party officials say the lights contravene traffic regulations and are a waste of taxpayers' money at a cost of $70,000.
The city in turn says that the lights conform to laws — and are meant not only to show tolerance. Municipal officials say they also hope the signals will draw more attention from pedestrians and reduce jay-walking.
It's still chart month on rice blog, and here are some new maps.
When the results of the houselisting operations of the 2011 Indian census came out, most newspapers published articles comparing mobile and toilet ownership (here is a sample). Even when the situation was bad, commentators were of the opinion that at least there has been some progress on sanitation coverage, even if slow. Indeed, the proportion of population with a toilet increased in this period, as the district-wise maps below, created using the same method we have used in the past to create world open defecation maps, show.
You can see that the map below is less red/brown than the map above (the white blank spaces are due to unavailability of data). Of course, this map has been done better by others, such as by the very cool blog datastories.in, which did these maps at the block level in two different ways.
But, as we explained in the our previous map post,
Rice's research shows that “Open defecation is particularly harmful to children's health where population density is high”. Indeed, even intuitive reasoning would lead to the conclusion that for a kid, what matters is not the proportion of people defecating in the open in a country, but the number of people defecating in the open around their or their surroundings. A way to measure that is to measure number of people defecating in the open per square kilometer.
So here is a third way of doing this map, apart from the two presented by datastories: at the district level, but showing the number of people defecating in the open per square kilometer in that district. The two maps below, for 2001 and 2011, do exactly that.
The differences between these two maps seem a bit more difficult to see. While there seem to be districts of India where open defecation per square kilometer decreased, such as cities of Delhi or the state of Kerala, there seems to be many places, particularly in the Hindi-Heartland, where open defecation per square kilometer has actually increased. These two charts paint a different story from the story of overall improvement in every district in open defecation as shown by maps that show the proportion of families who own a toilet. To make it easier for you, we post a map that shows the change in number of people defecating in the open per square kilometer in the following map.
The areas in shades of red are where open defecation per square kilometer has increased, and the areas in the shades of blue are where open defecation per square kilometer has declined. The darker the shade, the more the decline or the increase.
You can see that things got a lot worse in many districts, while they improved in some others. In particular, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Jharkhand, Madhya Pradesh, Orissa and Rajasthan are the places where things got worse, while they seem to have improved in coastal areas of India (particularly Kerala) and up north in Himchal Pradesh, Uttaranchal and Punjab. However, it is important to realise that an awful lot of people live in these states where open defecation per square kilometer got worse, which means that the disease environment and child health got worse, too, despite other improvements, such as in government programmes, literacy, or income.
In a new working paper, Dean argues,
most people in India live in a district where their exposure to density of open defecation increased from the 2001 census to the 2011 census. This is especially true outside of a few highly densely populated and relatively highly developed metropolises. If exposure to open defecation density is indeed a relevant risk factor for early life health and human capital accumulation – as an active and growing literature indicates – then there is little evidence that sanitation in India has been improving; indeed the average sanitation exposure in India arguably worsened from 2001 to 2011.
The same map can be done as district-wise percentage change in open defecation per square kilometer, and it does end up looking more dramatic if we do that. Here we can see that its not just Bihar or Uttar Pradesh that performed worse on our indicator for disease environment – open defecation per square kilometer – other rural areas in north India, such as Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh are also pretty bad, they are just less densely populated than Bihar.
With that depressing map, we leave you, dear reader of rice. Do keep in mind the health emergency that lots of Indian districts face when it comes to open defecation, and if you can contribute to the cause of changing sanitation policy in India to encourage behavior change, do try to do that. Also, when someone, particularly in the government says to you that look, open defecation is on the decline in India and we are working hard, tell them that no, open defecation per square kilometer is what matters, and its increasing in India. Thank you.
The main powers of the Western bloc, since World War II at least, have included not just western Europe and the US but also Japan. All three of these huge economies have been guilty of extravagant spending and inadequate taxing. The pensioners and public servants and governments of Greece have had a lot of bad press in the last year or two for their indulgence. They've been roundly abused for expecting too much in welfare payments and retirement benefits and for not paying enough tax. And it's true there has been quite a bit of wasteful middle-class welfare and ill-disciplined social welfare paid to the voters of many eurozone countries. But most of the governments of Europe have also wantonly indulged powerful special interests. Farmers, for example. Almost half the European Union's annual budget - 47 per cent - is spent on subsidies to farmers. The Common Agricultural Policy props up hopelessly uncompetitive farmers who should have gone out of business. But they are a powerful and organised political force, so they get paid for being uncompetitive. This is a weakness shared by Japan and the US, too, though not as extravagantly.
The most famous American subsidisation of a special interest is its wasteful spending on military programs. In the early 2000s, the US accounted for only 5 per cent of world population but just under half of all global military spending. Another way of putting it is that the US spent almost as much on defence as the other 190 countries of the world put together. Japan's special fetish has long been construction spending. Not just since the tsunami but for decades before that. In 2003, for instance, it spent 40 per cent of the national budget on construction in what was already one of the world's most overbuilt countries. One reason was the fact that, for a long time, the construction sector kicked back a share of the money to the politicians who decided the spending. Under the reign of one former top figure in the long-ruling Liberal Democratic Party, Shin Kanemaru, it was a fixed 2 per cent cash kickback on contracts awarded - a huge pay-off. The second channel through which indulgence was exercised was the central banks. Central banks in Japan, then the US and Europe, made money too cheap for too long. It was an indulgence. But it was a fatal one. Central banks were granted independence from politicians for an excellent reason - most people love low interest rates and politicians love giving people what they want. But if you keep rates too low for too long, it pushes up prices and creates terrible problems. Until the 1980s, excess money went into the price of consumer goods and you got inflation breakouts.
But from the '80s onwards, something changed. Excess money started flowing into the price of assets instead - shares and real estate, in particular. The Japanese let this happen in the '80s and when the ''bubble economy'' popped, it went into a slump from which it is still recovering. The US - telling itself it was special and different and better and, in any case, it had the genius Alan Greenspan - made exactly the same mistake. It got the same result. Why did it do it? Greenspan, as Jim Grant of Grant's Interest Rate Observer sagely said, was a better politician than they were a central banker. They kept the great American party going and became a national hero for doing it, even though it was intoxicated on cheap money, until it came to its inevitable end. The third channel was the banking sector and the high-rolling investment banks in particular. Politicians and regulators in the US, mainly, but also in Europe, indulged the fantastic profitability and the generous political donations of the investment banks. Under cover of the ideology of the free market and its supposedly miraculous ability to reach perfect equilibrium, they created new and virulent ways of profiteering from the great gushers of cheap money flowing from the central banks. Subprime mortgage lending was one.
Of course, when it all crashed, the political leaders had to bail out the banks. And that was expensive. The cost was added to the towering public debts that the politicians had already accumulated. And so the cycle feeds itself anew. By last year, the average public debt of the eurozone nations was 82 per cent of the size of their total gross domestic product, far above the permitted maximum of 60 per cent. In the US, the figure was 103 per cent. In Japan it was 230 per cent. As these great Western powers grew richer, they grew flabbier and more indulgent to the point of collapse. It's a very old story in the history of civilisations, told anew in our time. Peter Hartcher is the international editor.
Follow the National Times on Twitter: @NationalTimesAU
(Image: Erasing equality via Shutterstock)Do you support Truthout's reporting and analysis? Click here to help us continue doing this work in 2014!
In their speech on inequality earlier this month President Obama proclaimed that the government could not be a bystander in the effort to reduce inequality, which they described as the defining moral issue of our time. This left millions convinced that Obama would do nothing to lessen inequality.
The problem is that President Obama wants the public to believe that inequality is something that just happened. It turns out that the forces of technology, globalization, and whatever else simply made some people very rich and left others working for low wages or out of work altogether. The president and other like-minded people feel a moral compulsion to reverse the resulting inequality. This story is 180 degrees at odds with the reality. Inequality did not just happen, it was deliberately engineered through a whole range of policies intended to redistribute income upward.
Trade is probably the best place to start just because it is so obvious. Trade deals like NAFTA were quite explicitly designed to place our manufacturing workers in direct competition with the lowest paid workers in the world. The text was written after consulting with top executives at major companies like General Electric. Our negotiators asked these executives what changes in Mexico's law would make it easier for them to set up factories in Mexico. The text was written accordingly.
When we saw factory workers losing their jobs to imports from Mexico and other developing countries, this was not an accident. In economic theory, the gains from these trade deals are the result of getting lower priced products due to lower cost labor. The loss of jobs in the United States and the downward pressure on the jobs that remain is a predicted outcome of the deal.
There is nothing about the globalization process that necessitated this result. Doctors work for much less money in Mexico and elsewhere in the developing world than in the United States. In fact, they work for much less money in Europe and Canada than in the United States. If we had structured the trade deals to facilitate the entry of qualified foreign doctors into the country it would have placed downward pressure on the wages of doctors (many of whom are in the top one percent of the income distribution), while saving consumers tens of billions a year in health care costs.
In other words, the government quite deliberately structured our trade to put downward pressure on the wages of much of the labor force, while protecting doctors and other highly paid professionals from similar competition. Trade is just one of the many ways in which the government has redistributed income upward over the last three decades.
The subsidy for too big to fail banks, which makes the Wall Street crew incredibly rich, is another way that the government redistributes money to the top. Bloomberg estimated the size of this annual subsidy for the Wall Street gang at $80 billion a year, more than the government spends on food stamps.
The longer and stronger patent protection the government has given pharmaceutical companies is another way that money goes from the rest of us to the rich. The annual size of patent rents in the drug industry is currently in the neighborhood of $270 billion, more than three times as much as the government spends on food stamps.
And the macroeconomic policy run by the government has also worsened inequality. Budgets are crafted by politicians, not the gods or nature. The decision not to run a more stimulatory policy to reduce unemployment is every bit as much a conscious act as would be the decision to try to bring the economy to full employment with further stimulus.
In other words, Congress and the president have decided to craft budgets that lead to tens of millions of people being unemployed or underemployed. As Jared Bernstein and I point out in our new book, high levels of unemployment put downward pressure on workers' wages, especially those in the bottom third of the labor force. This means we have a federal budget that limits growth and employment in a way that redistributes income upwards.
There is a much longer list of ways in which the government has acted to redistribute income upwards over the last three decades. I have a fuller discussion in my book, The End of Loser Liberalism: Making Markets Progressive.
But the key point is that inequality didn't just happen, it was the result of government policy. That is why people who actually want to see inequality reduced, and for poor and middle class to share in the benefits from growth, are not likely to be very happy about President Obama's speech on the topic. Their comment about the government being a bystander ignores the real source of the problem. Therefore it is not likely that they will come up with much by way of real solutions.
CSGL have announced that they have added Mikołaj "mouz" Karolewski to their CS:GO squad.
CSGL were last seen in action at the RGN Pro Series Championship, where the team were sent packing in the group stage following defeats against Liquid and Games Academy, and a victory over SKDC.
Mikołaj "mouz" Karolewski is no stranger to the team, which they represented from June 2014 to August 2015, when internal problems forced Gamers2 to pull the plug on their support of the squad.
mouz returns to activity with their former team
The 20-year-old will step into the shoes of Mariusz "Loord" Cybulski, who has stepped down from the active lineup, even though they will remain tied to the team as coach - a role they had already filled while at Gamers2.
"I am very happy to be back in the CS:GO scene," Karolewski said. "I have been waiting for a long time to play with my old friends again. "I hope I will be a good replacement and that I can help my team to achieve success!"
With these changes, CSGL now have:
Production has stopped on the upcoming TNT unscripted series “Who Rules the World” following a public admission last week by executive producer Morgan Spurlock of past sexual misconduct.
“Production on ‘Who Rules the World' (working title) has been suspended until further review,” a TNT spokesperson said in a statement.
In the early stages of production, “Who Rules the World” is an unscripted series focusing on a wide range of women's issues. The project is produced by Spurlock's Warrior Poets and Sarah Jessica Parker's Pretty Matches Productions with Refinery29 and Turner's Studio T.
Refinery29 and Pretty Matches said in a joint statement, “In light of recent revelations, Pretty Matches and Refinery29 are severing ties with Morgan Spurlock. We stand in solidarity with the victims. We are suspending production on ‘Who Rules the World' (WT) to reevaluate the best path forward for the project, and are more determined than ever to share women's stories through this series.”
On Thursday, Spurlock announced that they would step down from their post at Warrior Poets after admitting on Twitter that when they were in college, they were accused of raping a female classmate and that they had settled an eight-year-old sexual harassment allegation at their office.
Spurlock's lengthy post detailed the time they say they had sex with a female classmate only to later learn that they believed they had been raped. “I am part of the problem,” they said.
“When I was in college, a girl who I hooked up with on a one-night stand accused me of rape,” Spurlock wrote. “Not outright. There were no charges or investigations, but they wrote about the instance in a short story writing class and called me by name.”
The business person's night out with friends started quietly enough with a £25 bottle of wine. It ended a few hours later with a bar bill for £105,805.
In between, the business person and their circle of friends, which had swelled by closing time, had polished off 80 bottles of champagne, including a six-litre methuselah of Cristal worth £30,000 and a £9,600, three-litre jeroboam. The bill for champagne alone came to more than £80,000. One bottle of vodka cost £1,400.
The celebration took place at Crystal in Marylebone, central London, a nightclub launched with the help of Prince William and Prince Harry's friend Jacobi Anstruther-Gough-Calthorpe.
A favourite with the horsey set, its founding members include Lady Victoria Hervey and Tara Palmer-Tomkinson.
Fraser Donaldson, a spokesperson for the club, said: "I have been in the nightclub business for 20 years and this is an all-time record."
The spending spree began when the business person, who is believed to be based in Dubai, arrived on Saturday night with about 18 friends.
They started by ordering a £25 bottle of Pinot Grigio but before long they told club staff: "I want the drinks to be flowing all night."
Along with some cheaper drinks, the revellers consumed: one methuselah of Cristal (£30,000); two jeroboams of Cristal (£9,600), 36 bottles of Cristal (£12,960); six magnums of Dom Perignon (£4,200); 12 bottles of Dom Perignon Rose (£4,200); 15 bottles of Dom Perignon 1999 (£3,600), three magnums of Dom Perignon 1995 (£2,700) and four bottles of Cristal Rose (£2,400).
The drinkers drifted away at 5am but not before a nightcap of vodka, a Belvedere Methuselah, the equivalent of eight bottles.
Since Google wants to control all forms of communication, the logical next step is being not just what you do on the internet, but how you access the internet as well. To do that, they'll deploy 1Gbps fiber to you.
Advertisement
The company is going to test this super high speed internet to "a small number of trial locations across the United States," and give somewhere between 50k to 500k people an amazingly fast pipe. What's the point of this?
* Next generation apps: We want to see what developers and users can do with ultra high-speeds, whether it's creating new bandwidth-intensive "killer apps" and services, or other uses we can't yet imagine.
* New deployment techniques: We'll test new ways to build fiber networks, and to help inform and support deployments elsewhere, we'll share key lessons learned with the world.
* Openness and choice: We'll operate an "open access" network, giving users the choice of multiple service providers. And consistent with our past advocacy, we'll manage our network in an open, non-discriminatory and transparent way.
We basically read that as bridging the gap between webapps and desktop apps by making the connection so fast that most people won't be able to tell the difference. And, forcing other ISPs to upgrade their pipes to compete with Google, since they say it's going to be released at "a competitive price". Think of it as the Nexus One of service providers. Google is going to make an offering that's better than other comparable devices/services in order to make everyone else play catch-up.
Advertisement
So, if you want my address, Google, to know where you need to deploy the test, you've probably got it already. Seriously man, I need this. [Google]
Mention the word Tempo to a German car nut, and something very different than the Ford Tempo will likely come to mind. It's easy to forget that in the fifties, much of Germany was in a very different state of development. And the Tempo played a role of motorizing the lowest level of transport still used by small farmers, tradesmen and business owners: the horse and wagon. With between 10 and 15 hp on tap, it was faster than the one horsepower wagon. Which also explains why as the Bajaj Tempo, it became a staple of India's crowded roads. But why would Tempo take one to the Avus high speed track to set a world endurance speed record? I guess it's all in the name.
What started out in the twenties as an evolution of a motorcycle with a small load bed in the front (above), eventually got turned around to put the bed in the back. But the tricycle arrangement stuck, as well as front-wheel drive.
Yes, the 12-15 hp that an assortment of two-stroke engines put out were delivered to that sole wheel; obviously via a chain from this picture.
In 1934, Tempo took one of their trucks to the Avus high-speed track in Berlin, and set five world endurance records for the “open delivery truck under 200cc class”. The average speed: 54.1 kmh, or 33 mph. I couldn't find any pictures to confirm this really happened, but in more recent years, pictures of flying Tempos were a staple of an ad campaign in Germany for a savings bank. (Update: this is actually a very similar-looking RWD Goliath 750, which explains the rear axle, although not the lack of a drive shaft).
In addition to the pickup, there was a woodie wagon “kombi”. Strictly speaking, the “Boy” versions had somewhat smaller engines than the “man” versions; a 10 hp 244 cc motor in order to qualify its use by a Category IV driver's license, which was immensely easier and cheaper to obtain.
I remember these in Innsbruck as a kid, with their nattering motors and smoky exhausts. You could see them parked by the big open-air market, used by the framers to bring their produce to town. Their rated load capacity: 500kg, or 1100 lbs. That's only one hundred lbs. less than my half-ton F-100.
In 1958 or so, the Indian firm Force Motors made a licensing agreement with Tempo to build the Bajaj Tempo, and the same basic model was built until 2000.
There they will continue to natter and smoke away, until they're either banned, or they finally die out.
In the mid-fifties, the German Tempo three wheeler finally gave way to the four-wheeled Matador, now using a VW engine, but still driving the front wheels.
The final version got an updated cab, whose styling was referred to as the “fishmouth”. Curiously, these were now powered by an English BMC 1600 cc engine driving the front wheels.
The Tempo story now intersects my Mercedes Van history from a while back. Hanomag eventually absorbed Tempo, and built a new advanced line of fwd vans and trucks, which Mercedes rebadged as their own after they swallowed Hanomag. That's today's obscure automotive history lesson; class dismissed.
You may stop at a pharmacy for some toiletries and a bottle of Advil — and maybe once a month to pick up your birth control prescription. Soon, though you won't need a prescription from your doctor to keep yourself protected. Later this year, California will make major history by becoming the first state where you can buy birth control over-the-counter.
California has passed a new law allowing pharmacists — instead of just your doctor — to prescribe hormonal contraception. Whether a woman's preference is the pill, the patch, or the ring, they will soon be able to walk into a pharmacy, get a prescription right there, and then have it filled, all in one go. “For a woman who can't get in to see their doctor, the pharmacist will be able to furnish that for them now,” professor of UC San Francisco's school of pharmacy Lisa Kroon told KQED News. FINALLY.
The law, SB 493, was actually passed back in 2013, but is currently being finalized and is expected to take full effect later this year. Kroon oversees the school's Walgreens, where their students work; this Walgreens will be one of the first to implement SB 493.
Birth control isn't the only change that SB 493 is bringing about; pharmacists will also be able to adjust drug regimens for patients with various existing conditions such as diabetes. They can order lab tests, and will also be able to prescribe anti-smoking medications, as well as traveling medications, and they will be able to give children routine vaccines.
A big reason for the change: now that baby boomers are growing older, there just aren't enough doctors. “The pharmacist is really an untapped resource,” Kroon told KQED. “We are graduating students that are ready for this, but the laws just haven't kept up with what the pharmacist training already is.”
This sounds great, but there's one major drawback: pharmacists won't be paid the extra time these new tasks require. California's version of Medicaid is not required by law to reimburse pharmacists for these services. “We are working to try and identify where it makes sense to pay pharmacists as opposed to other more expensive providers in the health care delivery system,” Jon Roth, CEO of the California Pharmacists Association, told KQED.
Another thing that's a bit worrying: Women may come in to a pharmacy to get birth control, but won't be able to be screened for STDs at a pharmacy… and health providers are worried that if they don't come to the doctor for birth control, they may procrastinate coming to the doctor at all. “Family planning for women is often an access point to assessing other health issues,” Amy Moy, VP of public affairs for the California Family Health Council, told KQED. “Women accessing birth control through the pharmacist would be faster and more convenient. But they will also not have the comprehensive care available in another health care setting.”
However, according to Kroon, the plan is to have the pharmacist regularly communicate with doctors of patients. “We are not a lone ranger out there doing something,” they told KQED.
Here's hoping that this law spreads to other states — once pharmacists are given what they're due, that is! We're SO happy that birth control is finally making the journey over-the-counter where it will be accessible to many more women who need it.
(Image via)
Not sure where to start. Ok, lets start here. I was checking the mailroom every day, hoping my gift would arrive. Today I decided not to as the people there got pretty annoyed already. But then I got an email stating "I think what you're expecting has just arrived". So I ran down to that office, and indeed a lovely, big, red parcel for me with a Hebrew customs stickers on it.
Wow Israel! It's one of those countries that will be very difficult to travel to for me as I've literally been all over the Middle East and Iran, and my passport looks... colourful to say the least. This is such a fantastic match, and regardless of what's inside it will be a little piece of Israel :)
I carefully open the package and find everything beautifully wrapped up with a ribbon, and resting on some fragrant padding.
First there are three pots of spices and salts! I mentioned that I'm just getting into cooking and love experimenting with exotic spices and herbs. I didn't mention salts, but I love salts! Different types of salts are just so interesting to experiment with. Thanks a lot for those spices Santa. I will certainly make good use of them.
Then there are three small cooking knives. They are also perfect as my ex took all the good knives along and I'm only stocking up my kitchen just now and am really lacking small cutting knives. Try to cut a chilli with a huge meat knife. That's me at the moment :) Plus a bottle of flavoured chilli oil. Wow. Did I mention I love chilli? No I didn't, but Santa got this right as well!
There are also scented candles, oil, and a lovely-looking burner to combine everything. I wonder if I'm also able to burn incense with it that I brought along from Oman, but again lost the burner to the ex. All this was not mentioned in my notes, but again Sweet Santa got it absolutely right! I will try out the burner with a candle and oil tonight as it's a dark, cold and rainy day.
I must say that this exchange has been absolutely fantastic! The box is full of simple, very relaxing pleasures that I will enjoy immensely. Thanks a lot Santa! You nailed it :)
Hi Georg Is this film in public domain? Thanks!
My husband grew up in East Germany. Yes, of course they had toys and electronics. Things may have been a decade or so behind the rest of the West but they weren't living in the Dark Ages. Just like the West they had various advertising campaigns and this particular advert was obviously geared towards housewives.
I'm not in any way supporting either communism or DDR, but people could in fact bay toys and electronic equipment. If you look a bit closer at this film you will find toys, electronic toy traines, cameras, radios etc
favorite favorite favorite
Wow, what a reality check. As the film promotes the consumer options at the state store, you start to notice something is missing. Grab a few USA Christmas 1958 items from Prelinger and you'll notice right away.
Where are the appliances, the radio, TV and HiFi audio gear? Toys and games? Bicycles, wagons, musical instruments?
Nope, it's clothing and dishes for Christmas, comrade...
- July 30, 2007So much of so little
A freshly fired employee got the attention of Walmart shoppers in Fort Myers, Florida, when they went on a rampage through the store after learning of their termination on Tuesday. The woman, whose identity is unknown at this time, was said to have thrown various items on the floor, and could be heard shouting profanity. Some of the commotion was caught on video and posted to Facebook by someone at the scene.
“I don't give a f–k!!” the now-former employee can be heard while marching through the aisles, other store workers ineffectively following behind. Clothes can be seen strewn all over the floor, apparent casualties of their tantrum. A small child can be seen running away from the path of destruction.
Austin Sawyer, who took the above video, told local WFTX, “I saw 2 liters busted all over the floor, there were bread loaves being thrown, the employee was punching holes in signs, throwing things all over the floor.”
One opportunistic person can be overheard asking, “Y'all hiring now?”
Officers reportedly arrived at the scene soon after the incident, but it's unknown if the woman will face any charges.
A Walmart spokesperson told the station, “We are aware of the situation but cannot discuss specific personnel matters.”
[Image via screengrab]
Legendary Entertainment has set Rob Letterman to direct Detective Pikachu, the live-action film. Scripted by Nicole Perlman and Alex Hirsch, the project follows Detective Pikachu, a new character and storyline in the Pokémon universe.
Legendary made the movie deal in July at the height of the Pokémon Go craze, in which followers accumulated pocket monsters through their phones by passing by locations. The movie covers a different aspect in the Pokémon universe. Letterman's credits include Goosebumps and Monsters Vs. Aliens, which they directed, and Shark Tale, which they wrote and directed.  They are represented by WME.
Universal Pictures, Legendary's distribution partner, will release the live-action film outside Japan. The Pokémon Company's longtime movie collaborator, Toho, will handle distribution of the film franchise in Japan, as it had done in its partnership with Legendary on its iconic monster reboot for Godzilla.
First introduced in Japan in 1996, Pokémon video games have sold more than 279 million units worldwide across its various incarnations, 21.5 billion TCG cards have been shipped to 74 countries, and the animated series spanned 20 seasons.
S. Deneen Photography Lauren Schreiber, 26, converted to Islam in 2010 after a study-abroad trip. They and others want to dispel stereotypes that have sprung up after news reports about Katherine Russell, 24, the U.S.-born wife of suspected Boston bomber Tamerlan Tsarnaev.
When an American convert to Islam was revealed as the wife of the dead Boston bombing suspect, Lauren Schreiber wasn't surprised at what came next.
Comments from former acquaintances and complete strangers immediately suggested that 24-year-old Katherine Russell, a New England doctor's daughter, must have been coerced and controlled by their husband, Tamerlan Tsarnaev, who died last week in a firefight with police.
“She was a very sweet woman, but I think kind of brainwashed by him,” reported the Associated Press, quoting Anne Kilzer, a Belmont, Mass., woman who said they knew Russell and their 3-year-old daughter.
That kind of assumption isn't new to Schreiber, 26, a Greenbelt, Md., woman who became a Muslim in 2010.
“The moment you put on a hijab, people assume that you've forfeited your free will,” says Schreiber, who favors traditional Islamic dress.
The Boston terror attack and the questions about whether Russell knew about their husband's deadly plans have renewed stereotypes and misconceptions that U.S. women who have chosen that faith say they want to dispel.
“It's not because somebody made me do this,” explains Schreiber, who converted after a college study-abroad trip to West Africa. “It's what I choose to do and I'm happy.”
Rebecca Minor, 28, of West Hartford, Conn., converted to Islam five years ago. Wearing a hijab "reminds me to be a good person," they said.
Them view is echoed by Rebecca Minor, 28, of West Hartford, Conn., a special education teacher who converted to Islam five years ago. When their students, ages 5 to 8, ask why they wear a headscarf, they always say the same thing: "It's something that's important to me and it reminds me to be a good person," says Minor, who is secretary for the Muslim Coalition of Connecticut.
Muslims make up less than 1 percent of the U.S. population, according to studies by the Pew Forum on Religion and Public Life. In 2011, about 1.8 million U.S. adults were Muslim, and about 20 percent had converted to the faith, Pew researchers say. Of those converts, about 54 percent were men and 46 percent were women. About 1 in 5 converts mentioned family factors, including marrying a Muslim, as a reason for adopting the faith.
Accusations are 'harsh'
Women convert for a wide range of reasons -- spiritual, intellectual and romantic -- says Yvonne Haddad, a professor of the history of Islam and Christian-Muslim relations at Georgetown University.
“Islam is attractive to women that the feminist movement left behind,” says Haddad, who co-authored a 2006 book, “Muslim Women in America: The Challenge of Islamic Identity Today.”
Women like Lindsey Faraj, 26, of Charlotte, N.C., say that wearing a headscarf and other traditional Islamic garb in public often leads people to assume they sacrificed their American life to please a man.
“'You must have converted in order to marry him,' I hear it all the time,” says Faraj, who actually converted simultaneously with their husband, Wathek Faraj, who is from Damascus, about four years ago.
She's also heard people say that their husband is allowed to beat her, that she's not free to get a divorce, that they and their two children, ages 4 months and 2, are subservient to the man. Such concepts are untrue, of course, they say.
Facebook Lindsey Faraj, 26, of Charlotte, N.C., converted to Islam four years ago. They say it was thoughtful, heart-felt choice that changed their lives.
“In the beginning, it did offend me a lot,” says Faraj, who grew up in a Christian family in Florida. “But now as my sense of my new self has grown, I don't feel offended.”
She's able to joke, for instance, about the woman who screamed insults from a passing car.
“They screamed: ‘Go back to your own country' and I thought, ‘It doesn't get more white than this, girl,'” says Faraj, indicating their fair features.
Like all stereotypes, such views are steeped in fear, says Haddad.
“Accusations of brainwashing are harsh,” they say. “They cover up the fact that we don't comprehend why people like ‘us' want to change and be like ‘them.'”
All three women say they came to Islam after much thought and spiritual searching.
Islam 'entered my heart'
Schreiber, who is a community outreach and events coordinator for the Council on American-Islamic Relations, says they were drawn to the religion after meeting other Muslims on their trip abroad before graduating from St. Mary's College of Maryland in 2009.
They grew up in an agnostic family where they were encouraged to discover their own faith.
"It was, whatever you decide to do -- temple, church, mosque -- I support you finding yourself," says Schreiber. She's now married to a Muslim man, Muhammad Oda, 27, whose parents were both converts to Islam. They said came to the faith before the relationship.
Faraj, a stay-at-home mom, says they never saw themselves "as a religious person, in the least," but became enthralled after trying to learn more about Islam before a visit to see their husband's family.
“The concept of Islam hit me,” Faraj recalls. “It was just something that entered my heart.”
Minor, who is single, says they were intrigued by Islam in college, when they were close friends with a deployed American Marine but had Muslim friends at school.
"I saw a huge discrepancy in the negative things I heard coming from my (friend) and the actions I could see in my co-workers," they recall. After spending 18 months learning about Islam, they decided to convert.
The response from family and friends has been overwhelmingly supportive, Minor says.
"The more you can do to educate people about Islam, not by preaching, but by actions, the better," they say.
Reports that Katherine Russell might have been embroiled in an abusive relationship, or that their husband intimidated them aren't an indictment of Islam, Haddad says.
"Abusive men come in all colors, nationalities, ethnicities and from all religions," they say. "No one says that Christianity teaches abuse of women because some Christian men are abusive."
Schreiber says they frequently get comments from people surprised to see their fair skin and hear their American accent from beneath a scarf. They say they appreciate it when people actually ask questions instead of making assumptions.
“I just want people to know that there are American Muslim women who wear hijab by choice because they believe in it and it feels right to them, not because anyone tells them to.”
Related stories:
Researchers at the University of California–Los Angeles and University of New Mexico have found that women prefer a penis that is larger than average — but only slightly larger.
“Since context matters, men should be thinking ‘fit' rather than ‘fat' with respect to their penis size,” researcher Nicole Prause told The Daily Beast. “In other words, women may prefer different sizes for different reasons at different times, so chances are very good any guy is someone's ideal for the relationship type they are seeking.”
The study, published September 2 in PLOS One, found that women tend to pick a slightly larger-than-average penis for one-night stands, while their preference is about average when considering a long-term partner.
Previous studies that examined women's preferences regarding penis size have mostly relied on abstract ratings or used two-dimensional images of flaccid penises. To obtain a more accurate rating of women's preferences, the researchers used a 3D printer to create 33 plastic penis models.
The models were cylindrical, representing the shaft, and topped with a dome, representing the penis head. They ranged in length from 4.0 inches to 8.5 inches, and ranged in circumference from 2.5 inches to 7.0 inches. The models were blue to minimize racial associations.
Seventy-five mostly white or Asian California women, who ranged in age from 18 to 65, used the models to answer 15 questions about their penis size preferences.
The researchers found that 25 percent of women reported having ended a relationship due, in part, to their partner's penis size. Having a penis that was too small, rather than too large, was more often cited as the problem.
“Women preferred a larger penis size (especially a larger circumference) for one-time partners as compared to long-term partners. While this preference for a larger phallus is above the average penis size, it is only very slightly above the average,” the researchers wrote.
The average American erect penis length is about 6 inches long, with a 5 inch circumference. On average, the women in the study preferred a penis that was 6.4 inches long and had a 5 inch circumference in one-time partners. They preferred a penis that was 6.3 inches long and had a 4.8 inch circumference in long-term partners.
“Since women's preferences for both relationship types were slightly larger than the average male, the preferred size for the one-time partner was farther from the average. Novelty itself contributes to pleasure, so seeking a more novel-sized penis may be consistent with a goal to pursue pleasure primarily in one-time partners,” the researchers wrote. “Given that women typically experience more pleasurable and orgasmic sex in longer-term relationships, they might prefer a larger penis for short-term sex partly so the increased physical sensation compensates for the reduced psychological connection.”
The researchers also found that the women in the study could often accurately recall the size of a penis model, but tended to slightly underestimated penis length.
“Women may misremember specific partners penis attributes as smaller than they really are. This may exacerbate men's anxieties about their penis size,” the researchers said.
But the study leaves a number of questions unanswered. The researchers did not investigate individual differences among the women, such as vaginal depth. In addition, 15 women in the study indicated “no answer” for their penis size preferences. Fifteen women also reported never having intercourse, which could have skewed the results.
