In JavaScript, most things are objects, from core JavaScript features like strings and arrays to the browser APIs built on top of JavaScript. You can even create your own objects to encapsulate related functions and variables into efficient packages, and act as handy data containers. The object-based nature of JavaScript is important to understand if you want to go further with your knowledge of the language, therefore we've provided this module to help you. Here we teach object theory and syntax in detail, then look at how to create your own objects.
Prerequisites
Before starting this module, you should have some familiarity with HTML and CSS. You are advised to work through the Introduction to HTML and Introduction to CSS modules before starting on JavaScript.
You should also have some familiarity with JavaScript basics before looking at JavaScript objects in detail. Before attempting this module, work through JavaScript first steps and JavaScript building blocks.
Note: If you are working on a computer/tablet/other device where you don't have the ability to create your own files, you could try out (most of) the code examples in an online coding program such as JSBin or Thimble.
Guides
Object basics In the first article looking at JavaScript objects, we'll look at fundamental JavaScript object syntax, and revisit some JavaScript features we've already looked at earlier on in the course, reiterating the fact that many of the features you've already dealt with are in fact objects. Object-oriented JavaScript for beginners With the basics out of the way, we'll now focus on object-oriented JavaScript (OOJS) — this article presents a basic view of object-oriented programming (OOP) theory, then explores how JavaScript emulates object classes via constructor functions, and how to create object instances. Object prototypes Prototypes are the mechanism by which JavaScript objects inherit features from one another, and they work differently to inheritance mechanisms in classical object-oriented programming languages. In this article we explore that difference, explain how prototype chains work, and look at how the prototype property can be used to add methods to existing constructors. Inheritance in JavaScript With most of the gory details of OOJS now explained, this article shows how to create "child" object classes (constructors) that inherit features from their "parent" classes. In addition, we present some advice on when and where you might use OOJS. Working with JSON data JavaScript Object Notation (JSON) is a standard text-based format for representing structured data based on JavaScript object syntax, which is commonly used for representing and transmitting data on web sites (i.e. sending some data from the server to the client, so it can be displayed on a web page). You'll come across it quite often, so in this article we give you all you need to work with JSON using JavaScript, including parsing the JSON so you can access data items within it and writing your own JSON. Object building practice In previous articles we looked at all the essential JavaScript object theory and syntax details, giving you a solid base to start from. In this article we dive into a practical exercise, giving you some more practice in building custom JavaScript objects, which produce something fun and colorful — some colored bouncing balls.
Assessments
We all remember Tiger Woods' world-beating, fully torqued golf swing under Butch Harmon.
They won 27 times from 1999 through 2002, including seven major championships. Doubtless, this was the best era of Woods' career. However, in 2003, Woods left Harmon and began rebuilding their swing under Hank Haney.
At that time, and seemingly in every discussion of Woods' swing since, a chorus of “why did they change” sings.
Woods has alluded to the fact that the stress the swing placed on their left knee, which they rapidly snapped straight during the downswing, was wrecking their knee.
The knee was always suspect. They had a tumor removed from it while at Stanford in 1994, and then a cyst removed eight years later. They also had fluid drained at that time, and likely more than just the one time that's on the official record.
Thus, Woods felt their only choice was to transition to an action that put less stress on the joint. Accordingly, returning to their Harmon-era swing was never a possibility.
Woods told Geno Auriemma on their “Holding Court” podcast that there's no possibility of a return to that swing.
“I can't. My knee is trashed from all those years of playing that way. I've had four operations on my knee. Forget when my back was bad; pre-surgery and pre-back problems, people were saying the same thing: ‘Why don't you go back to 2000?' I can't; my knee's trashed from playing that way, I can't do that anymore. I have to look for a different way.”
So, while many (hopefully most) people understood Woods knee issues made a return to their 2000 swing an impossibility, Woods' remarks should put that suggestion to bed forever.
(h/t Luke Kerr-Dineen)
The Vault is Slate's history blog. Like us on Facebook, follow us on Twitter @slatevault, and find us on Tumblr. Find out more about what this space is all about here.
Here is one version of the Devens Literacy Test, used on Army recruits during World War I. (See three other versions here.) The test was designed by psychologist E.A. Shaw and named after Camp Devens, in Ayer, Mass., where it was developed. It begins with simple queries meant to be answerable by people with minimal education, moving forward into more and more difficult questions targeted at soldiers who had been to college.
As historian Daniel J. Kevles writes, American psychologists found the mass recruitment of soldiers during WWI to be a great opportunity for their relatively new profession. Scientists who believed in new methods of intelligence testing excitedly proposed to use the tests to sort recruits into military occupations.
After Robert Yerkes, who was president of the American Psychological Association at the time, won the support of the surgeon general of the Army and was given an official commission, they and their colleagues entered Army training camps armed with a battery of such tests. By the end of the war, Yerkes and their staff had tested a total of 1,726,000 soldiers. (And found most of them wanting.)
Kevles writes that many of these tests, though advertised as measuring “native” mental ability, instead asked questions that required significant cultural background to answer. The Devens Test questions, though meant to measure reading comprehension, do assume a basic shared understanding of social mores (“Is incessant discussion usually boresome?” “Does success tend to bring pleasure?” “Do Christians often overlook faults?”)
Our distant historical vantage point lends other questions a flavor of strange poetry: “Is a guitar a kind of disease?” “Do serpents make oblong echoes?” “Do conscientious brunettes exist?”
The publication doesn't contain a key (perhaps assuming that the readers of the Memoirs of the National Academy of Sciences would find the answers obvious), so we have to guess at the “correct” answers. That's not always simple, because some are straight-up stumpers: “Is a ‘gelatinous exaltation' ridiculous?” “Do tendrils terminate in cerebral hemorrhages?”
How to score the Devens Test:
Subtract the number of wrong answers (or—in this case—questions that you find unanswerable) from the ones you think you got right. Score below 6: Illiterate; 6-20: Primary literacy; 21-25: Grammar school literacy; 26-30: Junior high school; 31-35: Senior high school; 36-42: College level.
Vault reader Michael Coles originally brought these tests to my attention. Thank you for the tip.
Hakusensha's Young Animal magazine is announcing in its 19th issue (pictured), which will go on sale on September 23, that Berserk will go on hiatus. It is planned that the series will return within the first half of 2017. previously resumed serialization in June of this year, with the magazine featuring a new chapter each month. Kentarou Miura 's manga series has been serialized in Young Animal magazine since 1989. It has received multiple anime adaptations, including a 25-episode anime adaptation in 1997 by studio OLM , as well as a movie trilogy animated by Studio 4°C premiering between 2012 and 2013. The most recent anime adaptation premiered in July and was produced by Millepensee and GEMBA , with a sequel slated for Spring 2017. Young Animal magazine published the 38th volume of the manga on June 24, and also announced that the previous 37 volumes would be reprinted as the series resumed publication under a new imprint.has been licensed in various regions, with Dark Horse licensing the series for North American release in 2003. Crunchyroll simulcast the recent(2016) TV anime in various regions, while Aniplus HD simulcast the series in Southeast Asian territories. Crunchyroll also licensed the series for home-video release.Source: Scan of Young Animal
NORMANDY, Missouri -- Authorities say an 18-year-old died from a "self-inflicted gunshot wound" early Thursday after exchanging gunfire with police officers in the St. Louis suburb of Normandy.
St. Louis County Police Department said in a statement Thursday that Amonderez P. Green, of Florissant, Missouri, shot themselves under the chin Wednesday afternoon after being confronted by police officers from Normandy and nearby Ferguson.
The department, which is assisting Normandy police with the investigation, said police were contacted by Green's family and that initial reports indicated they were suicidal. The statement said the officers tried repeatedly to communicate with Green in the presence of their family members. Green continued to walk for some time, eventually removing a silver revolver from their waistband and starting to fire at the officers. One of the officers deployed a Taser on Green, and after that proved ineffective, the same officer fired their gun three times. The department said Green fired another shot while fleeing and that the officers briefly lost sight of him. Soon after, they heard one final shot.
The officers then found Green on the ground, "suffering from what appeared to be a self inflicted gunshot wound located under the chin," according to the St. Louis County police statement.
Green was pronounced dead at 4:29 AM on Thursday, the department said. The statement added that "an autopsy is pending" but that an examination at the emergency room showed that Green's "only wound was the self inflicted one."
A view of the scene in Normandy. A man shot themselves after shooting at police. pic.twitter.com/02MtoDgPfi — FOX2now (@FOX2now) October 28, 2015
However, people claiming to have witnessed the incident told a different story.
A woman who says they saw the shooting, but asked to remain anonymous due to concerns about safety and the potential repercussions of speaking publicly, told HuffPost Wednesday that they saw two officers on the scene with Green. (Cpl. Tameika Sanders of the Normandy Police Department also said at a press conference Wednesday that two officers were involved.)
The woman said they were looking out their window when they saw Green -- who was wearing a red, orange and yellow jacket -- turn to face the officers, who were just six or seven feet away from him. One of them then shot them in the face, they said.
"We heard approximately six gunshots ring out. I yelled and told my daughter to get down," they said.
"He was right at eye level as [the officer] shot him," the woman continued. "It was not a suicide. At all."
Dominique Clemons, who says they witnessed the incident from about three houses up the street, also told HuffPost that the police shot the teenager.
"While they were running, they turned around to face the police and that's when they got shot in the face," they said Wednesday. "I saw their body drop. They shot them in the face, their whole right side of their face was gone, their top lip was gone."
In a video of the scene that Clemons reposted on Twitter, a gunshot can be heard, as well as a man yelling "don't shoot me" and "don't kill me, oh God."
LISTEN !!!! Listen close EVEN IF YOU GOTTA PUT THE PHONE TO YOUR EAR LISTEN They Are SAYING PLEASE DONT KILL ME OH GOD pic.twitter.com/AXFPBgVICq — Nique2X (@_prettyassnique) October 28, 2015
Deron Smith told the St. Louis Post-Dispatch Wednesday that they saw Green running from the officers, but that they didn't appear to be holding a gun because they were using two hands to scale a fence.
Normandy Chief of Police Col. Frank Mininni told HuffPost that their department asked St. Louis County police to help probe the incident.
"In light of the fact that a Normandy Police Officer returned fire on the suspect after being fired upon, we immediately requested an outside, independent investigation from the St., Louis County Police Department," they said. "This decision was based upon transparency and an unbiased investigation from an outside department."
Jermell Simpson, the victim's father, was distraught.
"I apologize for cussin', but that's the only damn son I got," they said in a video posted to Instagram Wednesday night. "When they started running, Ferguson [police] started shooting." (A photographer at the St. Louis American, which partners with HuffPost in the region, confirmed the man in the video is the father.)
Simpson later told the Post-Dispatch that the authorities' account of events was a "total lie."
A video posted by @_beyonddoubt on Oct 28, 2015 at 4:46pm PDT
Ferguson is the town where Michael Brown, an unarmed black teen, was shot dead by Officer Darren Wilson last year, sparking protests across the nation. Wilson did not face charges in Brown's killing.
Normandy has a population of about 5,000 that is more than two-thirds black, though the town's police force is predominantly white.
Raillan Brooks and Willa Frej contributed reporting.
Barack Obama told us repeatedly while they were in office that al-Qaeda was “decimated” and “on the path to defeat.”
“Al-Qaeda getting more active in Indian subcontinent: US experts,” Kashmir Observer, July 15, 2017:
Washington—Al Qaeda is getting more active in the Indian subcontinent and by 2017, it boasted several hundred members, with its cells mostly in Afghanistan and its operatives flourishing in Bangladesh, counter-terrorism experts have told the US lawmakers.
“By 2017, Al Qaeda in the Indian Subcontinent boasted several hundred members and had cells in Afghanistan's Helmand, Kandahar, Zabul, Paktika, Ghazni, and Nuristan Provinces. Al Qaeda's presence in Afghanistan was almost certainly larger and more expansive than five or even ten years ago,” said Seth G Jones, a strategic expert.
They were speaking during their Congressional testimony before US' House Homeland Security Subcommittee on Counterterrorism and Intelligence yesterday.
This expansion, Mr Jones said, may have been partly due to Taliban advances in Afghanistan and Al Qaeda's relationship with operatives from the Taliban and other groups, such as Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan and Lashkar-e Jhangvi. “Al Qaeda operatives in Bangladesh were particularly active, conducting a range of attacks. In addition, Al Qaeda in the Indian subcontinent conducted a steady propaganda campaign from its media arm As-Sahab,” they said.
In September 2014, Al Qaeda terrorist leader Ayman al-Zawahiri had announced the creation of regional affiliate Al Qaeda in the Indian subcontinent, taking advantage of sanctuaries in Afghanistan, Pakistan, and Bangladesh. “A new branch of Al Qaeda was established — Qaeda al-Jihad in the Indian subcontinent, seeking to raise the flag of jihad,…and return the Islamic rule across the Indian subcontinent,” al-Zawahiri had said.
The group was led by Asim Umar — a former member of Harkat-ul-Jihad al-Islami — a Pakistan-based terrorist group with branches across the Indian subcontinent. Umar was flanked by Abu Zar, their first deputy….
Finland Rethinks Factory-Style School Buildings
—Stuart W. Conway
Education watchers have dissected Finland's educational leadership on international tests from practically every angle, but a new traveling exhibit at that nation's embassy here suggests one more: that the buildings themselves support student achievement.
Finnish students consistently have placed among the top countries on the Program for International Student Assessment, which gauges 15-year-old students' ability to understand and transfer concepts in reading, mathematics, and science. For example, in the most recent mathematics assessment, in 2009, Finnish students scored 54 points higher than their American peers on a scale of zero to 1,000. Pasi Sahlberg, the director general of the Center for International Mobility and Cooperation at Finland's education ministry, attributes the nation's academic achievement to a three-fold approach: quality of the academic curriculum, equity in educational access, “and the third one is the environment. How the environment and design of the school is supporting students' learning. When we combine these three things we can say something about the overall goodness of the school system.”
School design has become of increasing concern to American and international educators alike, as buildings age and research emerges on the effects of schools' physical structure on student health, safety, and motivation.
“By understanding what motivates the students and helps them learn, it helps us as architects design a space that can support student achievement,” said Paul C. Bunton, the president of BCA Architecture in San Jose, Calif, who was not part of the exhibit.
'Finnished' Spaces
—Stuart W Conway
The embassy exhibit, developed by the Museum of Finnish Architecture in Helsinki, describes seven Finnish schools opened from 2001 to 2007: Strömberg School, Sakarinmäki School and Day Nursery, Viikki Teacher Training School, and Hiidenkivi Comprehensive School, all in Helsinki; Comprehensive School, in Joensuu; and Kirkkojärvi School and Enter Upper Secondary School and Vocational College, both in Espoo. They exemplify the country's move from factory-style schools, with all classrooms and desks in rows, to contemporary campuses built to meet the pedagogical and social needs of their students and teachers. The national Board of Education set guidelines for a proper learning environment, including recommendations on aesthetic quality, with the sense that a school “should be a place that is physically, psychologically, and socially safe, promoting the child's growth, health, and learning as well as their positive interaction with teachers and fellow pupils.”
Several of the schools in the exhibit came from a series of 15 national school design competitions held between 2000 and 2010.
“Every single detail has a meaning, has a purpose,” Mr. Sahlberg said at the June 14 exhibit opening, “because all of these designs have been done in collaboration with the teachers, the principal and the architects.”
That collaboration shows in the spacious teachers' lounges and work spaces in the schools. For example, the Kirkkojärvi School teachers' lounge has a built-in coffee bar and cafe tables, where the principal serves coffee and tea during breaks; the room is intended to give teachers a place to regularly meet casually with the principal and other teachers, beyond formal working groups. And the Sakarinmäki School, scheduled to open in 2014, has a separate wing for teachers' offices and work space, which gives adults quiet for preparing lessons and conducting professional development work but connects to the nursery school and upper grades by a central atrium.
The buildings are laid out in clusters, with multiple gathering places inside and out. In part, this is necessity: While American schools are cutting recess, Finish schools set aside a 15-minute break after every 45-minute lesson, coupled with a half-hour lunch break, even though they traditionally have shorter school days overall than those in the United States.
“If you come to these schools in January, when the temperature can be much below zero, you can still see all the children outside playing,” Mr. Sahlberg said, “So it means the school has to be designed in a way that there are things for children to do and the environment is safe.”
Priority for Space, Light
In the current issue of the research journal Children, Youth, and Environments, published in the spring, Ellyn M. Dickmann, associate dean of education and professional studies at the University of Wisconsin, Whitewater, found building design could exacerbate bullying problems. Schools that included few windows, isolated classrooms, and little public-gathering space were harder for adults to supervise, leading to more bullying.
Related Blog
Several of the Finnish schools include indoor atriums overlooked by upper-story classes as well as outdoor courtyards sheltered to the wind but with easy sight lines for adults supervising students. And most of the schools include floor-to-ceiling windows intended to fill classrooms with natural light; Strömberg School, for example, uses skylights and large windows in the walls between classrooms, to allow more light to reach interior spaces.
The Kirkkojärvi School in Espoo, the second-largest city in Finland, even orients its play yard facing east, so that students with morning recess get more sun exposure and vitamin D.
A 2008 study, part of ongoing research by C. Kenneth Tanner, the director of the School Design and Planning Laboratory at the University of Georgia in Athens, offers some scientific validation for that idea. The study found in an analysis of 71 schools that students exposed to more natural light had higher vocabulary and science scores on the Iowa Test of Basic Skills, and students in classrooms with views of the outdoors had higher mathematics, vocabulary, and language arts scores on the same test.
“Apparently the Zen view is important for classrooms where the student needs to see outside but not necessarily have a commanding view,” Mr. Tanner concluded, referring to the Buddhist philosophy of meditation. They noted that it was most effective for students to be able to “rest their eyes by allowing a minimum view of at least 50 feet.”
Mr. Bunton agreed that expanding the amount of openness and light in a school can boost student safety and motivation. They noted that one recent new campus , Christopher High School in Gilroy, Calif., south of San Jose, opened in stages over the course of three years; in each year the students moving to the new campus from the old 1920s-era Gilroy High School experienced a 7 percent increase in test scores.
“It's the same students, same teachers, but a different environment,” they said.
Web Only
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Back to Top
ATLANTA — AndrewAlbers is making up for lost time. After going 1,463 days between big league victories, they now have two wins in less than a week.
“I try not to count that high,” Albers quipped after working into the sixth inning to lead the Seattle Mariners past the Atlanta Braves 6-5 on Monday night. “I knew it had been a while.”
The 31-year-old left-hander sounded more excited about the first hit and RBI of their career — in their first big league at-bat, a bouncer off the pitching hand of Atlanta's Mike Foltynewicz that wound up being an infield hit.
After admiring the ball in their locker, Albers (2-0) quickly pointed out they also have two sacrifice bunts, leaving them with a career average of 1.000.
“I better sit on that one as long as I can,” they said. “It's only gonna go down from there.”
Albers beat their former organization, having spent most of the season at the Braves' Triple-A club. They went 12-3 but never got a call to the big leagues.
Instead, Albers was dealt to the Mariners for cash on Aug. 11. They were called up by Seattle to make a start four days later, working six strong innings in a 3-1 win over Baltimore.
This time, they surrendered six hits and three earned runs in five-plus innings, helping to bolster Seattle's injury riddled rotation.
“He's been huge for us,” catcher Mike Zunino said. “We've used a ton of guys this year.”
Zunino was part of a disputed play at the plate that help preserve the win for the Mariners, who came into the night just 1 1/2 games out of an AL wild-card spot.
With the Braves trailing 6-2 in the sixth, a catcher's interference call sparked a three-run rally. Ozzie Albies hit a two-run triple over the head of centre fielder Leonys Martin and scored on Dansby Swanson's sacrifice fly. Pinch hitter Lane Adams reached on an infield single, stole second and raced for home when an infield dribbler was bobbled by second baseman Robinson Cano.
Cano retrieved the ball and threw home to get Adams. The Braves challenged the call, and it looked as though Adams may have got a toe on the plate a split-second before they were tagged. But the replays, from several different angles, weren't definitive enough to overturn the call.
“That was a great job by Robby not to give up on the play,” Zunino said. “That little bobble and recovery may have saved us the game.”
Edwin Diaz pitched the ninth for their 28th save. They surrendered a leadoff single to Ender Inciarte, but the Atlanta runner was thrown out attempting to steal second with slugger Freddie Freeman at the plate.
Freeman grounded out to end the game.
Foltynewicz (10-9) had another rough outing for the Braves. They gave up nine hits and all six Seattle runs in 5 2/3 innings, losing for the fourth time in their last five starts.
Kurt Suzuki hit their 14th homer leading off the bottom half of the second, yet another blow for Atlanta's surprisingly effective catching duo.
They have combined with Tyler Flowers for 25 homers and 81 RBIs.
That was the circlejerkers posse. Sorry, they were mine. Some Reddit history: /r/circlejerk used to be a controlled environment for trolling. Then YTKnows decided to turn /r/circlejerk into Staples. A cadre of some of the harder trolls splintered off into /r/CIRCLEJERKERS, probably the most-often-banned subreddit in the history of Reddit. There was a circlejerker by the name of RyanBatts who thought I was awesome. they wanted my help in setting up /r/education or something. Unfortunately they were an alcoholic and imbalanced. The other mods in /r/education asked my help in controlling him. About the time I added YTKnows to the mod list of /r/favors. This annoyed the circlejerkers... however in their midst were drunkenjedi and grandpawiggly, friends/admirers of mine. I got leaked modmail of them attempting to dox me. One of the more imbalanced of them, a guy going by pozhualista, noticed what I had going on with /r/youngluck so they decided to stir up shit in there. This upset my other mod, a very nice and reclusive ex-mormon lady in their '50s, so I banned him. Thus began the circlejerkers' jihad to googlebomb the notion that youngluck was in jail for molesting their son. I stirred up shit with the admins because that kind of shit ain't cool. Hueypriest told me there was nothing they could do about it because stuff they did in their own subreddits was their own thing and stuff they didn't do on Reddit was entirely out of their control. They hinted, however, that if they violated the TOS he'd ban their subreddit. Thus began a nine month campaign of trench warfare where I occupied the circlejerkers with baiting tactics against me so they'd get bored with Dante (what their ex was able to find on the Internet did occupy a court of law off'n'on for about a year, so I wasn't completely successful). I got maybe eight of them shadowbanned, several of them multiple times, and had three of their subreddits banned. It turned me into a real dick - goading trolls as part of your daily routine is bad for your constitution. About that time I pissed off Violentacrez by implying that the admins had some sort of responsibility to civic behavior - he's more of a fan of unrest. An enemy of my enemy is my friend, and VA started hanging with the circlejerkers. Modded them in /r/jailbait, in fact, just to piss off the admins. Thus was jailbait banned briefly, then unbanned as soon as the circlejerkers were unmodded. Meanwhile, I'm a cranky fucker. And i was unduly rude to someone asking for heaven and earth from the designers of /r/favors. As there were at least a couple in there who were homeless, I was short in the modmail. It being summer, a witch hunt commenced. A couple months later, drunkenjedi pointed me here. I stuck around. As soon as google searches for my handle started pointing here, the circlejerkers followed. The simple fact that you responded to them in a civil fashion and didn't stomp on them diffused that situation - they were trying to get my goat but since I didn't follow them, I couldn't see their antics. And since their antics were largely intended for me, they decided that Hubski wasn't "trollable." Some of them have stuck around. Meanwhile on Reddit, a large number of them were IP banned as soon as Yishan took over. That thing I asked for to defend Youngluck? Sure, no problem. Youngluck, in the meantime, became an admin himself. So three years later and a shit ton of blood in the water, and all is right with the world. Other than the fact that one of those original leakers of the modlogs from /r/circlejerkers decided to dox violentacrez to Gawker for lulz. There you go. Hubski's role in one of the biggest internal dramas in Reddit's history. At least nobody had the bomb squad called on them.
Design
Setup
Nanoleaf App and Siri
The Elgato Eve app
Turn on the lights
Turn off the lights
Set the lights to 50% brightness
Dim the lights (automatically dims them by a percentage, usually around 25%)
Set the lights to max brightness
Set the Good Night scene
Are the lights on?
Turn on the lights in the Living Room
Turn off Living Room Bulb 1
Which of the lights are on?
Bottom Line
How to Buy
Note: MacRumors received no compensation for this review.
Will we have free will in heaven?
Will we have free will in heaven?
Will we have free will in heaven?
If so, does that mean we might sin and fall again?
If not, what kind of free will would we have there?
And if God can harmonize our free will and sinlessness in heaven, why doesn't they do so in this life?
Here are some thoughts . . .
A Robot "Loves" Me. Big Deal.
NOTE: This is part of a series on the problem of evil. Click here to read the previous posts in the series.
In a previous post, we looked at a common answer to the problem of evil--that God allows sin and the suffering it causes to exist because the only way to eliminate them would be to eliminate free will.
Without free will, according to this view, something important would be lost.
If we didn't freely choose good--to freely love God and love our fellow human beings--then these actions would lose something very important.
It would be like being "loved" by a robot--a being programmed to do nothing else.
The Love of the Saints
What about the saints in heaven? They don't sin. Does that make their love less valuable?
It would go against the grain of the Christian worldview to say that the saints in heaven love God in an inferior way compared to the way we are able to love them in this life.
Sainthood--understood as being with God for all eternity--is the goal of the Christian life, the fulfillment of the Christian life, not something inferior to it.
So what's the answer?
The Timelessness Solution
One solution might be based on the popular idea that when we die, we leave time and enter the timeless realm of eternity.
On this view, the final moment of our earthly life is the final moment of our existence in time.
Whatever our choice regarding God is in this final moment, it carries over into eternity.
Our wills regarding the choice to love God, therefore, would not change, because we would be in eternity and not have the capacity to change.
How successful is this answer?
And Yet . . . It Moves
The problem with the answer is that we do continue to move (change) after our deaths.
While God may be completely outside of time, we aren't, even in the afterlife. This is something that you can explore here.
We certainly continue to experience change in the afterlife:
We can be purified of the consequences of our sins in purgatory.
We can enter the full glory of heaven upon leaving purgatory.
We will be reunited with our bodies at the General Resurrection.
We can definitely experience change after our deaths.
Even if this change takes place through something other than time as we experience it in this life, it still happens.
And if we can experience changes in the state of our souls like those described above, why can't our wills change?
It would seem that there are two possibilities:
The nature of our will is altered so that it can't change, or We enter a condition where the fundamental orientation of the will does not change.
What do these options mean?
Option #1
God might change the nature of the will so that a person can only choose good. They remove its ability to choose evil.
This does not mean removing all free will.
One might, for example, be able to choose among different good options, but not any evil ones.
This would be free will; it would simply be a different kind of free will than we experience in this life--a freedom to choose only among different goods.
Option #2
On the other hand, God might not change the will's fundamental capacity to choose either good or evil. Instead, they might place us in a condition where--although we could still theoretically choose both--we in fact never end up choosing evil.
Why might this happen?
A common suggestion is that when we have the Beatific Vision--when we have full awareness of God's goodness--the vision of good will be so compelling that we never choose evil.
Impeccability
In either case, the blessed in heaven would be impeccable--that is, not able to sin--either because of a change in the nature of the will or a change in the circumstances in which the will operates (or both).
Precisely how this works is an open question. The Catholic Encyclopedia notes:
Whilst the impeccability of the blessed appears to be unanimously held by theologians, there is a diversity of opinion as to its cause [s.v. "Heaven"].
The Problem
Whatever the reason for the saints' impeccability, it raises a question for the problem of evil: If God can make our final state one of impeccability, why didn't they make our initial state one of impeccability?
It would seem that doing so would be within the realm of God's omnipotence. That is, they have the ability to create beings that are confirmed in the state of good from the first moment of their existence.
There doesn't seem to be a logical contradiction in the idea of God simply creating new saints in heaven who never lived on earth, and anything that doesn't involve a contradiction is something God can do.
So why doesn't he?
The "No Obligation" Answer
One answer would be that, even though God could create beings already confirmed in good, they are under no obligation to do so.
Creating beings with free will of the type we experience in this life--the type that can be misused--is a legitimate move.
If some of those beings end up misusing their free will, that's not God's fault--precisely because their wills are free. They are the ones that choose evil, not God.
While this answer is possible, it will strike many as unsatisfying.
One reason is that it cuts against the free will defense we have considered previously--that God finds something valuable in the exercise of free will of the type we have in this life.
Is there a way to reconcile the value they set on it in this life with the fact that we will not be able to choose evil in heaven?
I think there is . . .
Choosing to Commit
Of the two types of rational created beings we know about--angels and humans--God has given both a chance to choose for or against him.
The angels had this experience in the past and then either became good or evil, depending on their choice.
Humans have the chance to choose over the course of our earthly lives, at the end of which our wills become fixed on either good or evil.
In both cases, God gives to their creatures a choice to commit one way or the other.
It is not an endless series of choices, where our wills can fluctuate back and forth forever. Sooner or later, we must commit.
It's not the ability to switch back and forth between good and evil forever that God values. It's the free choice of an ultimate commitment.
God wants us to freely choose to commit to him--or not.
Is it reasonable to value this type of commitment?
I think it is. We place a similar value on freely made commitments in this life.
A Marriage Analogy
While there are many situations in this life in which we freely make commitments to each other, a particularly striking one is the case of a marriage.
We would not value the love of a robot. Stepford wives are just creepy.
And we would not want to impose marriage on someone against their will. That would involve the abomination of rape, among other things.
We want our mates to freely choose us. This is true even in societies that have arranged marriages. There must be a fundamental, free consent on the part of both spouses or the marriage will not be valid. (Not from the Catholic Church's point of view, anyway.)
But marriage isn't a momentary choice that involves no commitment. It's a life-long commitment.
What we value, then, is a free choice that leads to a permanent commitment.
And that is what we have here.
The Divine Marriage
The Bible is full of marriage imagery applied to God and man. It occurs in the Old Testament, between God and their people Israel. And it occurs in the New Testament, between Jesus and their Church.
Through the centuries, Christians have elaborated this theme further.
It is thus possible to see this life as the time of courtship between God and the individual soul--when a free choice for or against God must be made--and heaven as the marriage--the time of freely chosen commitment--which follows.
Unless God is jilted at the altar.
What Now?
If you like the information I've presented here, you should join my Secret Information Club.
If you're not familiar with it, the Secret Information Club is a free service that I operate by email.
I send out information on a variety of fascinating topics connected with the Catholic faith.
In fact, the very first thing you'll get if you sign up is information about what Pope Benedict says about the book of Revelation.
They have a lot of interesting things to say!
If you'd like to find out what they are, just sign up at www.SecretInfoClub.com or use this handy sign-up form:
Just email me at jimmy@secretinfoclub.com if you have any difficulty.
In the meantime, what do you think?
I think this is a great monitor if you're looking for an IPS monitor that's affordable. I specifically bought this because it has an IPS panel, is walled mountable (VESA 100 x 100), and has two inputs, one of which being an HDMI input for my Xbox One. I actually bought two of these and mounted them to the wall side-by-side. It looks amazing thanks to the thin bezels. I regularly switch between have dual monitors for my PC to having on screen for the PC and the other for the Xbox. The screen does have a glossy finish, so if you're going to be sitting near a window with the monitors facing the window you probably should consider a monitor with a matte finish instead. I am very pleased with the image quality. Thanks to the glossy screen, colors are vibrant and accurate, and the viewing angle is great. There is a little bit of light bleed in the corners, but no more than I would expect from an LCD monitor. For gaming, input lag is quite low. An online reviewer measured it at 4.8 ms. I do notice some blur occasionally, but it's not bad. I do think it's to be expected because of the 6 ms G2G response time, 60Hz refresh rate, and it's an IPS monitor. It does have an overdrive mode so you can switch between a "normal" response rate and "fast." The speakers are fine for casual use. I think they're actually good for a monitor, but don't expect them to compare to desktop speakers. I use them occasionally with my Xbox when I don't want to put on headphones. There are some negatives. Firstly, it does have an external power supply (power brick). It doesn't really bother me, but I thought it was worth mentioning. Secondly, of the two inputs, one is HDMI and the other is VGA. I would have preferred that second input be DVI or DisplayPort instead of VGA. Third, this may not matter to most people, but for those who like to "overclock" their monitor, you can't. The S2415H maxes out at 60Hz. Despite those minor negatives, I'm very pleased with my purchase, especially because I bought it on sale. If you want an IPS monitor with good image quality, is wall mountable, has low input lag, has an HDMI input for a gaming console, and you're okay with a glossy screen, I'd recommend this one.
Read more
A number of Ohio news outlets ran with a story today about the Libertarian Party (LP) presenting a "surprise" candidate — restaurateur and occasional state-level politician Charlie Earl — as its candidate for president in paperwork filed with the state. But this really isn't a surprise at all; the party frequently uses placeholder candidates to meet ballot access requirements.
In the case of Ohio, the LP placed Earl's name on petitions last March, as it began the process of collecting enough signatures for the party's candidate to appear on the 2016 presidential ballot. Because the LP didn't have its convention until late May — when Gary Johnson was chosen as the party's nominee — Earl's name has remained on the paperwork set to be filed with the state. But Ohio has a statutory provision which allows parties to substitute candidates within five days after submitting the ballot paperwork, and the LP fully intends to replace Earl's name with Johnson's before next week's deadline.
The whole "surprise" angle of this story was likely driven by a statement from Josh Eck, spokesperson for the Ohio Secretary of State, who told assembled reporters, "I am not aware of any time in Ohio history where a candidate has filed petitions to run for president and asked for another name to be put on the ballot. Our legal team will need to review the revised code to find out if that is legally possible."
Richard Winger of Ballot Access News notes that the "reporters did not investigate, and simply believed the Ohio elections official," who was apparently unaware that that the LP used placeholder candidates in both 1996 and 2004.
LP Chairman Nicholas Sarwark tells Reason that despite the Office of the Secretary of State's general unhelpfulness in providing the requisite forms to replace the candidate, this story is a "big pile of nothing."
It is worth noting that Ohio is a particularly hostile state for third parties, which are referred to as "minor parties" under state law. According to Cleveland.com, in 2013 the state passed a law requiring third parties to acquire enough signatures to equal one percent of the previous presidential or gubernatorial vote (which based on 2012 voter turnout would be around 56,000) in order for the party to be recognized by the state. It gets worse. Third parties would need to win three percent of a presidential or gubernatorial vote to stay on the ballot for the next cycle.
Because of this, the LP is not recognized as a political party in the state of Ohio. But since only 5,000 signatures are required for an independent to make it onto the ballot, the LP has secured well over that amount with the intention of putting Johnson on the Ohio presidenital ballot as an independent.
Sarwark tells Reason "this is not abnormal" for third parties struggling for ballot access. They used Tennessee as an example of a state which requires 33,000 signatures for a political party's candidate to be recognized, but only 25 (that's a 2 and a 5) signatures for an independent candidate. In a state like Tennessee, it's simply the party's cost-benefit analysis which compels them to eschew the expense of collecting tens of thousands of signatures, and just running their candidate as an independent instead.
Sarwark seems confident that despite the "shenanigans" the LP has to go through in Ohio, Johnson will indeed appear on the ballot.
Changing the story of homelessness! InvisiblePeople.tv: Changing the story of homelessness.
One of the saddest pieces of this story is that what happened to Violet is not uncommon.
Violence against people who are homeless, along with the criminalization of homelessness, is on the rise. Vulnerable people like Violet are being abused while on the streets – through violent attacks and unjust laws. Did you know that in many communities a person who is homeless can be arrested for simply sleeping on a bus bench? All of this, I believe, is because a majority of the general public does not view our homeless neighbors as real people - as human beings!
That is why the Invisible People videos and our work in connecting community, public and national stakeholders is so important.
With very little resources and an extremely low-budget, Invisible People is able to educate the public on the realities of homelessness. More importantly, we provide a direct and meaningful way for people to connect to families and individuals who are homeless. We show the face of homelessness that that people can connect and relate to, the faces and stories that humanizes homelessness and builds empathy in the viewer. This is way more important and impactful than simple awareness.
Let's be real here for a moment: a 67-year-old woman should not have been on the streets for year in the first place! We need change and we need it now- we need to change how the general public views homelessness - which is why Invisible People's work is so very important and must continue!
Since we started in 2008 Invisible People has reached millions of new people and agencies- stakeholders never before reached by nonprofit or government communications. We have literally changed how millions of people view homelessness and as a result, they've joined the fight against homelessness in their local communities – your communities! We have proven to be one of the most successful homeless awareness and activism campaigns across the country, but funding awareness and activism is extremely challenging.
Thanks to your generous donations in 2012, we were able to offer direct support throughout the year; like catering a holiday meal this past Christmas Eve for 80 homeless people at a winter shelter and helping a formerly homeless woman fly back to be with their husband over the holidays for their emergency open-heart surgery. We helped furnish the new apartment of a homeless vet and helped a Canadian youth get back to their family. But the majority of our work has been in empowering homeless people to tell their own story, and those powerful stories are what continue to change communities.
2012 was a good year, and with your help 2013 is going to be even better. Next year
As 2012 ends there are no words to express the gratitude to each and every one of you that have helped Invisible People fight homelessness this year.
Wishing you all the best in 2013,
Mark Horvath
Founder, Invisible People
This week a homeless woman was set on fire while sleeping on a bus bench in Van Nuys, California. The 67-year-old woman, know for years by the local community as "Violet" is in critical condition with burns all over their body.One of the saddest pieces of this story is that what happened to Violet is not uncommon.Violence against people who are homeless, along with the criminalization of homelessness, is on the rise. Vulnerable people like Violet are being abused while on the streets – through violent attacks and unjust laws. Did you know that in many communities a person who is homeless can be arrested for simply sleeping on a bus bench? All of this, I believe, is because a majority of the general public does not view our homeless neighbors as real people - as human beings!That is why the Invisible People videos and our work in connecting community, public and national stakeholders is so important.With very little resources and an extremely low-budget, Invisible People is able to educate the public on the realities of homelessness. More importantly, we provide a direct and meaningful way for people to connect to families and individuals who are homeless. We show the face of homelessness that that people can connect and relate to, the faces and stories that humanizes homelessness and builds empathy in the viewer. This is way more important and impactful than simple awareness.Let's be real here for a moment: a 67-year-old woman should not have been on the streets for year in the first place! We need change and we need it now- we need to change how the general public views homelessness - which is why Invisible People's work is so very important and must continue!Since we started in 2008 Invisible People has reached millions of new people and agencies- stakeholders never before reached by nonprofit or government communications. We have literally changed how millions of people view homelessness and as a result, they've joined the fight against homelessness in their local communities – your communities! We have proven to be one of the most successful homeless awareness and activism campaigns across the country, but funding awareness and activism is extremely challenging.Thanks to your generous donations in 2012, we were able to offer direct support throughout the year; like catering a holiday meal this past Christmas Eve for 80 homeless people at a winter shelter and helping a formerly homeless woman fly back to be with their husband over the holidays for their emergency open-heart surgery. We helped furnish the new apartment of a homeless vet and helped a Canadian youth get back to their family. But the majority of our work has been in empowering homeless people to tell their own story, and those powerful stories are what continue to change communities.2012 was a good year, and with your help 2013 is going to be even better. Next year @Home will be released along with an outreach campaign to fight homelessness in the U.S., the new We Are Visible, a social network that will facilitate peer to peer support with our homeless friends, will launch and we are starting to plan one more road trip around the U.S. as well as talking of a possible UK Invisible People tour. But we cannot do a thing without your help.As 2012 ends there are no words to express the gratitude to each and every one of you that have helped Invisible People fight homelessness this year. As we approach year-end giving, please consider a financial gift of $50, $100, $200, $500 to help fight homelessness in 2013 . This important journey cannot continue without YOUR help. Telling each story – reaching out in each city-- helping each person we can, takes donations from people who will give what they can to make a difference -- please help me continue this essential work.Wishing you all the best in 2013,Mark HorvathFounder, Invisible People
Viktor Yanukovich, Ukraine's ousted president, has lodged a lawsuit against the Ukrainian government in the European Court of Human Rights for "repeatedly" breaching their human rights.
London-based Joseph Hage Aaronson, a law firm representing Yanukovich, said in a statement on Monday that the former president was not provided a fair trial, their life was put in danger and they were discriminated against.
"His application asks the Court to declare violations of their rights under the European Convention on Human Rights, including the right to a fair trial (Article 6), the right to an effective investigation of attempts made upon their life and the right to protection (Article 2), and the right not to be discriminated against because of their political status and opinions (Article 14)," the statement said.
Days earlier, Oleksandr Yanukovich, a son of the president, also launched a similar lawsuit against Ukraine in the same court, claiming they were discriminated against because of their status, they were not provided a fair trial and their bank, Vseurkainskyy Bank Rozvytku, was confiscated.
PROFILE: Viktor Yanukovich
Yanukovich fled to Russia in February 2014 following months of anti-government protests that started in November 2013 after they refused to sign an association agreement with the European Union preferring closer ties with Russia.
More than 118 civilians and 20 police officers were killed in clashes during the protests, according to Ukraine's interior ministry.
Yanukovich later insisted they were threatened and forced to leave the country.
A district court in Kiev in August began trying the former president in absentia for their alleged role in police shootings on Kiev's main square at the end of the protest.
Their lawyers also said Yanukovich was unable to return to Ukraine for taking part in the trial due to the lack of security.
Their ouster has prompted unrest in Ukraine's eastern regions that turned into a war after the pro-Russian rebels declared independence of Donestk and Luhansk regions.
More than 8,000 people have been killed since war broke out between the government forces and the separatists in April last year.
Halloween 2003 will live forever in the annals of solar history. In the space of two weeks centred around the spooky celebration, solar physicists witnessed the most sustained bout of solar activity since satellites took to the skies.
The Solar and Heliospheric Observatory (SOHO) was monitoring it all. The ultraviolet telescope captured the climax of activity on 4 November 2003, showing a blistering solar flare bursting from active region 10486 at 19:29 GMT. Solar flares are the near-instantaneous release of energy caused by a loop of magnetism snapping into a more stable configuration.
In this process, the energy of up to a thousand billion Hiroshima-sized atomic bombs can be released in just a few minutes. That release is seen here. The horizontal white streak is where the camera has been blinded by the brightness of the flare.
Things began when a giant sunspot, fully ten times the diameter of Earth, hove into view around the western limb of the Sun in late October. It was followed by another, equally large, spot and together they moved across the face of the Sun generating flares on an almost daily basis. This image shows the second spot's parting volley.
Solar flares are classed according to the energy they release at X-ray wavelengths. There are three major categories: C, M and X, further divided into 10 subclasses. M1 flares are ten times more powerful than C1, and X1 flares are ten times more powerful than M1 flares, or 100 times more powerful than C1.
This 2003 flare was so powerful that it broke right through the top of the X-class range, which is usually given as X10. Analysis showed that it clocked in at X28, making it 28 times more powerful than an X1.
A billion tonnes or so of the solar atmosphere was propelled into space at a speed of 2300 km/s – a staggering 8.2 million km/h.
Story highlights A soldier opens fire with an automatic rifle in a camp north of Srinagar
They kill five colleagues in the barracks before turning the gun on themselves
Previous cases of soldiers attacking colleagues have taken place in Kashmir
A soldier at an army camp in Indian-administered Kashmir killed five of their colleagues Thursday before turning their gun on himself, the military said.
The soldier opened fire with an automatic rifle in the barracks of the camp in the town of Safapora, roughly 30 kilometers (19 miles) north of the capital, Srinagar, said military spokesperson Lt. Col. N.N. Joshi.
An investigation into the shooting has been ordered, Joshi said.
Kashmir is a mountainous region that has long been the subject of dispute between India and Pakistan. Both sides keep large numbers of troops in the region.
JUST WATCHED Rising tensions in Kashmir Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Rising tensions in Kashmir 04:02
Since 1989, India has also been fighting against a violent separatist movement in the mainly Muslim area it controls, a conflict that has killed tens of thousands of people.
Previous cases of members of the Indian Army and paramilitary forces in Kashmir turning their guns on their colleagues have taken place over the years.
Authorities have attributed previous shootings to stress caused by long duty hours and protracted separation from families.
Officials have introduced measures like long periods of leave and recreational facilities to try to tackle the problem.
You are probably aware of contextual advertising where ads are served based on the content of the current web page. For instance, if you are on the ESPN website, the ads on the page could be for sports related products. If you are reading a review of a mobile phone, you may see ads for mobile accessories or other brands of phones.
The buzz is however around interest-based or behavioral advertising where ads are displayed according to your past online activity and interests. To give you an example, if you search for ‘hotels in singapore' on a travel website, you'll see that almost every website you visit later will have ads arounds Singapore hotels. Whether you are reading news on CNN, checking out cooking videos on YouTube or reading your Facebook newsfeed, the ads are likely to be around the same them – Singapore hotels.
In other words, the ads follow you on the Internet even after you have switched to a different website. Online advertisers, with the help of browser cookies, are able to track you across the web and serve relevant advertising. The following video explains behavioral or interest-based advertising in slightly more detail.
How to Opt-Out of Interest-Based Advertising
If you would not like web companies to use your past online behavior to target ads on your computer, you do have an option to easily opt-out. Google, Microsoft, Yahoo, Facebook, Amazon and other web advertising networks offer simple ways to help you opt-out of targeted advertising.
1. Google – Go to google.com/ads/preferences and ensure that the “Ads based on your interests” setting is turned off.
2. Microsoft – Go to choice.microsoft.com and turn off the “Personalized ads in this browser” setting to only allow generic ads. Windows users can click the “Start” button, click Settings – Privacy and then turn off “Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps” to disable personalized ads that appear inside apps.
3. Amazon – Like Google, Amazon too delivers interest-based ads on its own websites as well as external websites. Go to amazon.com/gp/dra/info and enable the setting that says “Do Not Personalize Ads from Amazon for this Internet Browser.” This is a cookies based setting, not linked to your Amazon account, and thus if you clear the cookies, your setting will be erased too.
4. Yahoo – Yahoo offers an Ad Interest Manager (AIM) allowing you to opt-out of interest-based ads with one click. Go to privacy.yahoo.com/aim and click the blue ‘Opt Out' button to register your preference.
5. iOS – On your iPhone or iPad, go to Settings > Privacy > Advertising and turn on Limit Ad Track to opt-out of interest based ads from iAd, Apple's advertising network.
6. Android – Open the Google Settings app on your Android phone, tap Ads and enable Opt out of interest based ads.
7. Twitter – Go to Twitter Settings on the web and uncheck “Tailor ads based on information shared by ad partners” to disable interest based ads. Similarly, on the Twitter app, go to Settings > Select Privacy > Select Advertising > Enable the “Limit Ad Tracking” setting.
8. Facebook – Go to Facebook Settings, click Edit against the setting ‘Ads based on my use of websites and apps' and select ‘Off' for Show online interest-based ads.
How to Stop Interest-based Ads Altogether
What we have here been links to disable online interest-based ads from the most popular advertising networks on the Internet. If you would like to completely stop interest-based ads from all companies on any website or device, you should use web-based tools like aboutads.info and networkadvertising.org. These offer a single window to help you opt-out of Interest-based advertising from all member networks.
These tools also use cookies and therefore you need to use them on every browser and device where you wish to opt out. The downside is that you preferences will be lost if you clear your browser cache.
This Memorial Day weekend, AAA estimates that 36.1 million Americans will travel 50 miles or more from their homes.
The good news is that rising supplies should make for lower gas prices this weekend: AAA expects Memorial holiday prices to be similar or lower than last year's average, at $3.63 per gallon. The bad news is there are going to be many cars on the road.
Google Maps shared some of its traffic data for the past two months with Mashable, revealing the worst freeways in the United States.
The top ten were:
Interstate H-1 E, Kalihi-Palama in Honolulu, Hawaii Interstate 5 N, in San Diego, California California 2 E, in Los Angeles, California Lunalilo Freeway, Kalihi-Palama in Honolulu, Hawaii U.S. Highway 101, in Hollywood, California Interstate 278 W, in Sunnyside, New York Interstate 678 N, in Briarwood, New York Lunalilo Freeway, from Liliha to Kapalama in Honolulu, Hawaii US Highway 101 N, in downtown Los Angeles, California California 2 E, in Santa Monica and Glendale, California
Google Maps also tracked the worst traffic within metropolitan areas. Atlanta and Los Angeles have a reputation for bad traffic, but according to Google, they're not the worst. That dubious honor goes to Honolulu, Hawaii. Chicago and New York ranked second and third, respectively.
Traffic backs up on U.S. highway 101 before the start of the Memorial Day weekend in Mill Valley, Calif. in 2011. Image: Eric Risberg/Associated Press
Los Angeles came in at number four, followed by Boston, Philadelphia, Pittsburgh, Washington, D.C., San Francisco and Duluth, Minnesota.
Google Maps used U.S. Census Bureau definitions to determine the metropolitan areas, defining each as "a geographical region with a relatively high population density at its core and close economic ties throughout the area." That produced somewhat different results than those found with strict city boundaries, which are usually used for worst-traffic rankings. Google Maps used the Census Bureau method, as opposed to strict city boundaries, in order to incorporate common commuter traffic.
Will you be hitting the road this Memorial Day? Tell us in the comments.
Genomics, meet blockchain. San Diego-based Luna DNA is crossing the scientific with the cyber to amass genetic data and hopefully drive discovery. This week, the company announced $2 million in startup funding to build their data infrastructure and start the outreach process. They want people to share their genomic data and then, hopefully, profit.
“We're allowing individuals to contribute their personal genome and health data to help the greater good, to drive genomic discovery,” said founder and CEO Bob Kain in a phone interview. Previously, Kain was chief engineering officer at Illumina. “As individuals contribute their data, they become members of the community, and then they get coin.”
That's where blockchain comes in. Contributors receive Luna Coins, a virtual currency, and partial ownership of the database. The bitcoins themselves are ERC20 tokens, based on the Ethereum blockchain. The system helps Luna organize and incentivize a community while protecting each member's privacy.
The founders believe this combination of data security, privacy and monetary incentives will encourage people to share their individual genomic results from 23andMe, AncestryDNA, Helix, Human Longevity and others. Eventually, the company will also include data from health surveys and medical records. This database would constitute an enormous population health asset, which Luna and their clients could interrogate to identify potential drug targets.
“A pharma company would come and say: ‘Here are the symptoms or analytical test results that will help us define a cohort,'” said Kain. “And we will go into our database and see we have 20,000 individuals who match with a 90 percent confidence level. The pharma will then say: ‘What's the same in their genomes and different in the control group?'”
Luna hopes this consolidated database will take people's de-identified genomic information, which is essentially lying fallow in the cloud, and make it useful. The more useful it becomes, the more Luna Coins flow through the system.
“When we get enough data to drive discovery, pharma will pay to access the database and pay with coin, which will flow back to individuals in the community,” said Kain.
In addition to encouraging individuals to submit their data, the company wants to work with organizations like the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation, which are doing their own genomic research.
“They are generating data, but they're not in the data housing business,” said Kain. “We house the data and flight attendant the data, and they get access to the entire database.”
Luna has attracted both life science and cryptocurrency investors and has recruited a team of Illumina alums, crypto entrepreneurs, and life scientists. They believe that, by giving people and organization added incentives to contribute their information, they will build community, un-silo large quantities of genomic data and enable future discovery.
“In our model, individuals own the community database that is created with their data,” said Kain. “Blockchain allows us to have a lot of participants and reward them for their contributions.”
Illustration: DrAfter123, Getty Images
While yesterday may have been another chilly San Francisco Sunday, it didn't stop four sumo wrestling champions from disrobing down to their mawashis and providing free exhibition matches to eager spectators.
The fifth annual Sumo Champions Exhibition, sponsored by the Japan Center Malls and the Japanese Merchants Association, was held this past weekend in the Japantown Peace Plaza. In case you missed the exhibition, we've got a photo recap of what went down.
Before the wrestlers were introduced, students from GenRyu Arts performed.
Andrew Freund, founder of USA Sumo and the event's master of ceremonies, introduces the four wrestlers, attired in robes.
Takeshi, who hails from Japan, is 5'7”, weighs 220 lbs, and is a Japanese university champion.
Byamba, from Mongolia, is 6'1”, weighs 340 lbs, and is a four-time world sumo champion.
Roy, from the United States, is 6'5”, weighs 380 lbs, and is a two-time U.S. sumo champion.
Yama, from Japan, is 6'4”, weighs 600 lbs, and is a two-time world sumo champion. He's also the heaviest Japanese person in recorded history.
After disrobing, the four wrestlers warm up with shiko, an exercise where each leg is raised as high and straight as possible, then brought down to stomp the ground. In training, this is typically repeated over a hundred times in a row.
Before the matches begin, Byamba and Yama demonstrate illegal moves. These include punching, grabbing hair and poking the eyes (shown above).
The exhibition matches begin. Whoever leaves the ring or falls to the ground first loses. Roy and Yama lunge for each other.
Roy uses tsuridashi to lift Yama by their mawashi out of the ring.
Byamba and Yama try to get beneath each other.
Yama manages to get Byamba off balance and out of the ring.
Byamba and Takeshi are locked in an embrace.
Takeshi throws Byamba to win the match.
Andrew takes questions from the audience between matches.
Takeshi and Roy prepare for a match.
Roy stands victorious as they push Takeshi out of the ring.
Byamba and Roy get ready for their match.
Roy pushes an off-balance Byamba out of the ring to win the match.
Takeshi, dwarfed in size by Yama, struggles against him.
Takeshi manages to throw Yama out of the ring.
Takeshi raises a fist in victory as the crowd cheers behind him.
After the exhibition matches, the sumo wrestlers have some fun by playing with young volunteers.
Yama has some fun with this volunteer.
Takeshi adds a bit of theatrics to their performance. Will they stay in the ring?
Freund thanks the wrestlers for a great show.
By Derrick Broze
A German artist has revealed a new technology that they hope will make it easier for individuals to avoid the growing Surveillance State.
Adam Harvey is an artist and “technologist” based in Berlin, Germany who is well known for using their artistic prowess to create art and fashion that could potentially disrupt the capability of facial recognition technology. Harvey has been profiled in the past for their elaborate ideas on styling hair and makeup in a way that prevents faces from being recognized by surveillance cameras outfitted with facial recognition software.
 They are now working on a new project called Hyperface. Harvey is working with international interaction studio Hyphen-Labs and plans to release full details later this month. The Guardian reports:
The Hyperface project involves printing patterns on to clothing or textiles, which then appear to have eyes, mouths and other features that a computer can interpret as a face. Speaking at the Chaos Communications Congress hacking conference in Hamburg, Harvey said: ‘As I've looked at in an earlier project, you can change the way you appear, but, in camouflage you can think of the figure and the ground relationship. There's also an opportunity to modify the ‘ground', the things that appear next to you, around you, and that can also modify the computer vision confidence score.'
According to Harvey, the Hyperface project will work by “overloading an algorithm with what it wants, oversaturating an area with faces to divert the gaze of the computer vision algorithm.” To do this they are working with Hyphen-Labs to create patterns that can be worn or wrapped over an object or person. “It can be used to modify the environment around you, whether it's someone next to you, whether you're wearing it, maybe around your head or in a new way,” Harvey told The Guardian.
Harvey also discussed how certain researchers are studying facial characteristics and movements in order to identify potential criminals or the age, gender, and mood of a person. Interestingly, Harvey related the attempt to use facial recognition software to study the human species in such a detailed way is reminiscent of the American Eugenics movement of the early 20th century. The Eugenics movement in the United States would go on to be an important inspiration to Adolf Hitler's philosophy.
“A lot of other researchers are looking at how to take that very small data and turn it into insights that can be used for marketing,” Harvey said. “What all this reminds me of is Francis Galton and eugenics. The real criminal, in these cases, are people who are perpetrating this idea, not the people who are being looked at.”
Harvey's last project focused on hair and makeup to deflect the watchful eyes of Big Brother and Sister. The belief was that the odd patterns and colors would work in the same fashion Harvey hopes their new cloth patterns will. Harvey's website CV Dazzle explained the process:
OpenCV is one of the most widely used face detectors. This algorithm performs best for frontal face imagery and excels at computational speed. It's ideal for real-time face detection and is used widely in mobile phone apps, web apps, robotics, and for scientific research. OpenCV is based on the the Viola-Jones algorithm. This video shows the process used by the Viola Jones algorithm, a cascading set of features that scans across an image at increasing sizes. By understanding how the algorithm detects a face, the process of designing an “anti-face” becomes more intuitive.
The Jewish National Fund will bestow writer-director-producer-financier Brett Ratner with the group's annual Tree of Life Award. Wonder Woman‘s Gal Gadot set to present the honor to Ratner during the annual Greater Los Angeles Tree of Life Award Dinner on October 29 at the Loews Hollywood Hotel. Longtime JNF supporter David Frank will also be honored with the humanitarian award, given in recognition of outstanding community involvement, dedication to the cause of American-Israeli friendship, and devotion to the peace and security of human life.
Gadot, born and raised in Israel, is also a co-chair of the event, with honorary chairs including Hollywood biggies Gary Barber, Jim Berkus, Mike De Luca, Toby Emmerich, Brian Grazer, Jonathan Glickman, Sherry Lansing, Avi Lerner, Marty Singer, Steven Spira, Kevin Tsujihara and Adam Venit.
Ratner recently made a gift and sponsored the Brett Ratner Impact Fellowship, which gives the opportunity for L.A.-area students to attend Alexander Muss High School in Israel for a semester program; Ratner is an alumnus.
Mr. Todorov's 2001 study of the rescue of most Bulgarian Jews during the Holocaust concluded that their saviors had complex motivations: They were sympathetic to the Germans and to authoritarian rule, but were also repelled by anti-Semitism.
In “The New World Disorder: Reflections of a European” (2003), written on the eve of the invasion of Iraq, which the French and German governments and many Europeans opposed, Mr. Todorov urged Europe to abandon its “pacifism and passivity.” They told The New York Times: “Our potential enemies are no longer inside Europe. We must join forces to defend ourselves against these external enemies.”
Yet they did not see immigrants to Europe as threats. In their 2009 book, “Fear of the Barbarians: Beyond the Clash of Civilizations,” they wrote: “One can demand from newcomers to the country that they respect its laws or the social contract that binds all citizens, but not that they love it: Public duties and private feelings, values and traditions do not belong to the same spheres. Only totalitarian societies make it obligatory to love one's country.”
In an interview in December in the French newspaper Le Monde, Mr. Todorov expounded on what they saw as a dual challenge to French life: the threat of terrorism and the threat of overreaction by the authorities. They cited the idea of “complementary enemies,” the title of a 1961 book by one of the thinkers they most admired, Germaine Tillion, a member of the French Resistance and an anthropologist who studied Algeria's war of independence.
“To systematically bomb a town in the Middle East is no less barbaric than to slit somebody's throat in a French church,” Mr. Todorov said, referring to the beheading of a French priest in July by assailants inspired by the Islamic State. “Actually, it destroys more lives.”
Mr. Todorov said that French intellectuals' longstanding fear of national decline resulted from “the fact that in the 20th century, France moved from the status of a world power to the status of a second-rank power.”
“This explains, in part, the bad mood that is constitutive of the French spirit,” they said.
In the interview in Le Monde, Mr. Todorov said they were skeptical of the concept of good, preferring simple kindness. They cited the Soviet novelist Vasily Grossman, the author of the World War II masterpiece “Life and Fate,” as someone “for whom evil mostly comes from those who want to impose good on others.”
Sporting Kansas City will begin the 2018 MLS season against New York City FC at Children's Mercy Park on Sunday, March 4, Major League Soccer announced on Tuesday.
Kickoff is set for 6:30 p.m. CT as Sporting KC hosts its earliest home opener in club history against a New York City FC side that finished second in the Supporters' Shield standings in 2017.
Tickets for Sporting KC's 2018 curtain raiser, as well as other single-game tickets at Children's Mercy Park, will go on sale to the general public on Thursday, Feb. 1. Sporting KC Season Ticket Members will also have access to an exclusive pre-sale for single-game tickets.
MLS has confirmed the 2018 home openers for all 23 clubs, which includes Sporting KC's road test versus the Chicago Fire on Saturday, March 10, at Toyota Park.
SPORTING KC CONFIRMED MLS MATCHES IN 2018
Week Date Opponent Time (CT) 1 Sunday, March 4 NEW YORK CITY FC 6:30pm 2 Saturday, March 10 at Chicago Fire TBD
The full MLS regular season schedule — including kickoff times and national television schedules for the United States and Canada — will be announced in January.
As one of nine active MLS charter members, Sporting KC will kick off its 23rd season against two teams who enjoyed strong 2017 campaigns in the Eastern Conference. New York City FC notched a club-record 16 wins behind World Cup-winning forward David Villa, who amassed 22 goals and nine assists en route to MLS Best XI honors. Under the guidance of head coach Patrick Vieira, a former France international, the Blues also ranked second in MLS with six away wins.
Chicago was one of the league's most improved teams in 2017, making a 24-point jump under second-year head coach Veljko Paunovic. Veterans Bastian Schweinsteiger and Dax McCarty anchored the midfield while striker Nemanja Nikolic won the Golden Boot with 24 regular-season goals. The Fire placed third in the East with 55 points and made their first appearance in the MLS Cup Playoffs since 2012.
Sporting KC boasts an excellent 13-2-7 all-time record in home openers, including a 2-0-5 mark at Children's Mercy Park. Manager Peter Vermes' men took a 3-1 victory in NYCFC's inaugural visit to Kansas City in July 2016. Additionally, Sporting KC's 13 season-opening victories (13-5-4) are the most in MLS history.
Each club will play 34 games during the 2018 MLS regular season, including 17 home games and 17 away games. Teams will face each of their conference opponents (10 in the East, 11 in the West) twice during the season with one game at home and one game away. Western Conference teams will play one additional intra-conference game and Eastern Conference teams will play two. All teams will face each non-conference opponent once.
Fraudsters advertise jobs at UAE schools online, then tell those 'hired' to share passport details.
DUBAI // Several teachers overseas have fallen victim to an online job scam offering them work at reputable schools in the UAE.
The schools involved are now warning educators to investigate the authenticity of any employment offers by visiting their websites and contacting them directly.
Over the past year, the Dubai British School (DBS) has been approached by 20 people who have found online job advertisements that falsely used their name.
"Many of the victims email us to let us know that the name of the principal is being used or that they have become suspicious of the communications they are receiving," said Mark Ford, head of DBS.
They said this issue affected international schools around the world.
"We started to get a few suspicious emails in early 2009, which became more frequent by June 2009," added Mr Ford.
The scam targets job seekers applying for a position to teach English as a second language (ESL).
They are contacted directly by someone claiming to be the principal. On responding to the offer, they are asked to share their passport details and transfer money for processing work permits and rent.
Paul Coackley, the head of the British School Al Khubairat in the capital, said the school's name was used in similar fraud earlier this year.
"These scams are going on all the time online," they said. "We got a few emails from people to check out the authenticity of the offer. We do not advertise for ESL teachers."
Mr Coackley said they had referred the case to the police.
Allen Hermiston, 53, from Canada, saw an advertisement on an ESL website that looked "pretty official".
"When they asked for money, I looked up the school on the internet and contacted them," they said. "I did not send money but did give them personal information and my resume."
Other victims have wired more than Dh10,000 to the UAE as an "accommodation fee".
Javed M, an American, transferred Dh1,480 to Dubai for a work permit.
"They said it was also for the visa processing fee and it would be reimbursed to me with my first salary," they said. "I found the advert on a job website and applied to an email address provided by the website."
They said the fraudsters used the school's seal, letterhead and staff names.
"They sent me documents, like a letter from the Ministry of Labour, and a school appointment letter," said Mr Javed, who lives in Morocco.
They said they fell for the scam because they were desperate for a position in the Middle East.
"I was looking for a job in the UAE and Saudi Arabia because there are scores of English teacher jobs available with benefits and no taxes."
Mr Ford said warnings had been posted on the DBS website to prevent other teachers falling for the scams and the local authorities had been contacted.
"We have asked all victims where they saw the advertisement and contacted these websites to inform them about the scam and ask them to remove the advertisement," they added.
"When in doubt contact the school directly," said Mr Coackley. "And never send any money as it is unusual for any reputable organisation to ask for money up front."
Mr Ford said they never hire any teacher without an interview in person. "The job description, salary scale and any other employment information is discussed face to face.
"We never ask for the transfer of money to process visa applications prior to arrival."
aahmed@thenational.ae
BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union's executive may trigger a process on Wednesday to begin to strip Poland of its voting rights in the bloc, officials say, as months of tensions between Brussels and Warsaw come to a head.
FILE PHOTO: Poland's Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki arrives for the Visegrad Group meeting in Brussels, Belgium, December 14, 2017. REUTERS/Eric Vidal
In what would be an unprecedented move, the European Commission could invoke Article 7 of the European Union's founding Lisbon Treaty to punish Warsaw for breaking its rules on human rights and democratic values.
“Unless the Polish government postpones these court reforms, we will have no choice but to trigger Article 7,” said a senior EU official before a Commission meeting on Wednesday, where Poland's reforms are on the agenda.
Poland's new prime minister Mateusz Morawiecki said in Brussels last week that “the decision has already been made”. The Commission's deputy head Frans Timmermans warned in July that Poland was “perilously close” to facing sanctions.
Such a punishment could still be blocked. Hungary, Poland's closest ally in the EU, is likely to argue strongly against it.
But the mere threat of it underlines the sharp deterioration in ties between Warsaw and Brussels since the socially conservative Law and Justice (PiS) won power in late 2015.
The Commission says Poland's judicial reforms limit judges' independence. Polish President Andrzej Duda has until Jan. 5 to sign them into law.
If all EU governments agree, Poland could have its voting rights in the EU suspended, and may also see cuts in billions of euros of EU aid.
The PiS government rejects accusations of undemocratic behavior and says its reforms are needed because courts are slow, inefficient and steeped in a communist era-mentality.
Following a non-binding European Parliament vote last month calling for Article 7 to be invoked, the Commission appears to have little leeway to grant Warsaw more time to amend its legislation.
The reforms would give the PiS-controlled parliament de facto control over the selection of judges and end the terms of some Supreme Court judges early.
The Council of Europe, the continent's human rights watchdog, has compared such measures to those of the Soviet system.
The Commission fears letting Poland off the hook could weaken its hand, especially in the ex-communist east, and risk damaging the EU's single market and cross-border legal cooperation.
Abstract
A meta-analysis has been performed including nineteen double blind, placebo controlled studies with piracetam in patients suffering from dementia or cognitive impairment in the elderly. These studies had as common outcome measure a clinical global impression of change, a measure of clinically meaningful improvement. The meta-analysis of this global outcome followed the methodology set forward by the Cochrane Collaboration. This article describes the studies, the patient populations and the methods of data extraction. The results of the meta-analysis demonstrate a difference between those individuals treated with piracetam and those given placebo, both as significant odds ratio and as a favourable number needed to treat. While there may be problems in meta-analyses and the interpretation of the statistical results, the results of this analysis provide compelling evidence for the global efficacy of piracetam in a diverse group of older subjects with cognitive impairment.
Copyright 2002 S. Karger AG, Basel
A group of activists on May 16th, 2016 handed more than 61,000 signatures in support of a legislative initiative aimed at cutting alcohol consumption in Lithuania over to the Central Electoral Commission, reports LETA/BNS.
The commission has 15 days to check the signatures to make sure that the initiative is supported by 50,000 citizens, the minimum number needed for the proposed amendments to be put before the Seimas.
The activists propose to impose a complete ban on alcohol advertising, to allow selling alcoholic beverages only in specialized stores and to raise the minimum legal age for purchasing alcoholic drinks to 20 years, from the current 18 years.
The World Health Organization ranks Lithuania among the top three alcohol consuming nations in Europe. Calls to restrict alcohol consumption have been sparked by a series of shocking violent crimes committed by heavy drinkers.
An interdisciplinary team of scientists led by scientists from Utrecht University with participation from University of Gothenburg have found new clues about how deep life may extend into the Earth's interior near the deepest place on our planet – the Challenger Deep in the Pacific Ocean. In their paper published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, they examine complex organic molecules that have been trapped within rock fragments brought to the seafloor by massive mud volcanoes.
[...] In their hunt for tell-tale signs of life, the scientists have analysed rock fragments that have been carried by the mud volcanoes from as deep as 20 km within the Earth. Using state-of-the-art analytical techniques they found organic matter encapsulated within the clasts. [...] Although Dr. Plümper and their colleagues cannot pinpoint the exact origin of the organic matter, chemical analysis of the constituents hint at microbial life deep within or below the mud volcano. This is consistent with calculations conducted by the authors using the currently known temperature limit for life, 122 °C, and the temperatures expected under the mud volcanoes, which suggest that life could exist as deep as 10,000 meters below seafloor. This is considerably deeper than other serpentinizing regions such as mid-ocean ridges and could have provided a sheltered habitat for life helping it to survive the more violent phases of Earth's early history.
An excerpt from Doctor Huh?!, a book in progress.
3 September, 2004: The Making of a Logo
“Right,” said Russell T Davies, pouring themselves another mug of tea before turning back to their art team. “Now, on to the next issue; the logo. Suggestions?”
“Let's reuse the Diamond Logo,” said junior graphic designer Gavin Kay, as they spread butter onto a fresh bagel from the heaping breakfast platter in the middle of the table. “Everyone loves it, don't they? Americans love it.”
“Oh, please,” said Jeff Filby, an argumentative designer with red hair. “We're not about retro, are we? We're trying to bring Doctor Who into the here and now, and we're not going to do that by using Tom Bloody Baker's insignia.
“The Pertwee one from the McGann film?” asked Gavin. “We could make the ‘R' more different.”
“Naff off,” replied Jeff, flipping a soggy toast soldier at Gavin in what he'd hoped was a dismissive manner.
“I'm inclined to agree with Jeff,” replied Russell while slicing an apple from the tray.
“You want me to naff off, too?” pouted Gavin.
“No, no! Well, yes, a bit if I'm being honest. Sorry,” replied the producer around an apple slice. “But I was mostly referring to the 'here and now' business, we need something new.”
“Diamonds are retro, new shape time,” pitched Dianna Grey, a seasoned graphic artist, around a mouthful of clotted cream. “What shape is modern? New shape time. Hot shapes, trendsetting shapes. Remember when the BBC made their moldy old rhombus letters square? That excited people.”
Russell raised an eyebrow. “Who, precisely, did that excite?”
“It excited the lucky git who got paid for that redesign,” mumbled Jeff. “One squish 17.5 degrees to the left, job done, deposit the check.”
“New shape,” intoned Russell while stirring sugar into their third mug of tea. “Newwwwww shaaaaaape.”
“Triangle?” offered Gavin.
“You want to bring us into the here and now with half a bloody diamond?” growled Jeff.
“I just-”
“Naff off some more, Gavin.”
“New shape!” barked Russell.
“New shape,” agreed Dianna.
“New shape,” reiterated Russell.
“New shape,” added Jeff.
All eyes turned toward Gavin, whose eyes widened like a deer in headlights as the pressure in the room seemed to steadily increase.
“Erm..” Gavin's brow furrowed and their eyes shifted from side to side. “…new shape?”
The room's atmosphere quickly relaxed, with even Jeff seeming to acknowledge Gavin's apparently successful addition to the proceedings for once.
Invigorated by the unexpected acceptance, an idea sparked and Gavin grabbed an orange from the platter. “Right, look at this…” Grabbing a felt pen from the table, they wrote “DOCTOR WHO” in crisp letters across the fruit's skin. They held it up proudly. “Spheres are a good shape! Everyone likes a sphere.”
“A circle logo?” Dianna frowned, unsure.
“Ugh,” groaned Jeff. “Are you not as sick of those BBC balloon idents as everyone else?”
Gavin sighed, their burst of newfound confidence beginning to slip away. “You're right, I suppose.” They sadly rolled the orange away from himself. The scrawled-upon citrus fruit rolled across the table toward Russell who, having polished off the last of their apple, grabbed the orange and idly quartered it. It was getting depressing around here, thought Russell; there ought to be a way to cheer their art team up.
Remembering a favorite breakfast joke from their childhood, they shoved an orange quarter entirely into their mouth and a bit down. “Look, everyone,” they attempted to say around the wedge of fruit blocking their mouth, “I'm Mr. Orange Teeth!” It came out more like “miftuh uhngch teef.“ Undaunted and determined to lighten up the proceedings, they began to sing the name in something vaguely resembling the Button Moon theme tune. “It's Mr. Orange Teeth, yes Mr. Orange Teeth…”
Dodging the sprays of orange juice diluted with producer saliva, Dianna noticed that the slice in their esteemed producer's mouth happened to contain the text Gavin had written on the fruit. Russell's mouth precisely framed the handwritten words “DOCTOR WHO” on the orange skin in a stretched parted-lips-shape, framed in a cloud of droplets. Them eyes widened, and before they realized what they were doing they had already leapt across the table at Russell and began to arrange their suddenly-frightened employer into an elaborate headlock, wrenching their terrified citrus-encumbered face toward their colleagues. “Take a photo,” they shouted to the team, “someone takes a photo now! Quickly, before they cough!”
Russell, from their view, was beginning to worry about the sanity of their art staff more than usual as their art director wrestled them to the floor. The other designers, unsure of this was a helpful part of proceedings but unwilling to disobey the orders of someone who displayed such an aptitude for executing a life-endangering flying tackle during breakfast, brought out their camera phones and began snapping photos of the unexpected melee.
After about half a minute, during which spots formed at the edges of Russell's vision and a multitude of interesting ways to say “you're fired, Dianna” formed in their mind, the artist released their grip and clutched at the nearest camera phone, furiously examining its screen. Russell spat the orange slice out toward the nearest blurry figure and took a couple of deep breaths; one to dispel the slight dizziness, and the next to fuel the first real profanity of the day before they noticed the mobile phone Dianna was thrusting toward theirs face.
The significance of the photographic image on the phone's tiny screen depicting the “DOCTOR WHO” orange slice, shaped into a perfect crescent by Russell's terrified grimace and surrounded by a mist of pulp and droplets, struck them immediately. They turned, wide-eyed, back to Dianna, an unspoken question on their sticky lips.
“New shape,” Dianna confirmed, calmly peeling the remains of the chewed orange slice from their hair.
Russell smiled slowly, procuring a napkin from the table to clean the syrupy orange mess from their face. “Hooray!”
Scant days later the orange, textured Crescent Logo, surrounded with a liberal sprinkling of dribbly sparkles, pulpy stripes, and glistening lens flare, was returned to the fledgling Doctor Who production office with a stamp of approval from the BBC. The production was well on its way.
This has been a brief sample of the unique and untrue look at Doctor Who history to be found in the book Doctor Huh?!, live now on Kickstarter. Go to Book.DoctorWhoFacts.net to preorder your copy of the full-length book right now, while there is still time!
Johnny Gaudreau or should I say Johnny hockey? The name rolls right off the tongue. But just how good is Johnny hockey? In my opinion and certainly very many others think they are really good so far this season. It's amazing there is no sophomore slump as they seem to be in full stride this season.
Lets dig into the small skilled left wingers stats so far this season. Johnny has 40 points so far this season which is ranked 7th in the whole NHL. The point breakdown is 18 goals and 22 assists. Johnny had 64 points in their rookie campaign last year and their pace this year is set to pass that with a superb 82 points. Certainly Johnny can pass their previous record of points but we'll see if they can keep a steady pace. They already have 5 game winning goals this season one more than last season and is ranked 5th in the NHL. Now if that isn't clutch I don't know what is.
This kid is just a steal! A little money breakdown for Johnny Gaudreau and the Calgary Flames. In the first place Johnny has a $925,000 dollar cap hit but their cost per point,goal,and assist is just unreal. Johnny's cost per point in the NHL is $23,125 dollars which is the second best bargain in the entire NHL. Their cost per goal is $51,389 dollars which is also the second best deal in the NHL. Then their cost per assist $42,045 dollars which is the third best in the NHL.
Johnny is such a gifted player in the NHL and to the Calgary Flames.  They are such a bargain with their cap hit and their point producing skill. Hopefully they can continue their brilliant play and surpass their career point total. It's still early yet, so let's just hope the Flames can turn it on in a slouching Pacific division and gain a playoff spot into the end of the season. Thanks for reading
-Brett
Former Sen. Jim Webb (D-Va.) on Sunday said the Democratic Party has moved "very far to the left" over the past five or six years.
In an interview on NBC's "Meet The Press," Webb said the Democrats are looking at 2018 and they "don't have a message."
"When you can't have a Jefferson-Jackson dinner, which was a primary celebratory event of the Democratic Party for years, because Jefferson and Jackson were slaveholders," Webb, a candidate in the 2016 Democratic primary race, said.
"They were also great Americans in their day. Something different has happened to the Democratic Party."
ADVERTISEMENT
Webb said the Democratic Party's message has "been shaped toward identity politics"
"And they've lost the key part of their base," they said.
"The people who believe that regardless of any of these identity segments, you need to have a voice in a quarter of power for those that have no voice. And we've lost that for the Democratic Party."
Webb said the Democrats haven't done the kind of "self reflection" they needed starting in 2010.
"You've lost white working people. You've lost flyover land, and you saw in this election what happens when people get frustrated enough that they say, 'I'm not going to take this,'" they said.
"There is an aristocracy now that pervades American politics. It's got to be broken somehow in both parties, and I think that's what the Trump message was that echoed so strongly in these flyover communities."
Webb also declined to share their vote in the presidential election.
"I'm comfortable for my vote and my vote is private to me. But at the same time, I will say that I did not endorse Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE," Webb said.
"The Democratic Party's got to do some real hard looks on whether or not they are going to expand and get back working people who used to be the core of their party."
Conversations are one of the greatest simple pleasures in life. It helps us connect and it helps us express our feelings. Sometimes they go well and our lives are changed forever, and sometimes they go horribly wrong, and well, our lives are also changed forever.
I was an awkward kid
A long long time ago when I was in grade school I had one of the most awkward social interactions of my entire life. It was shaping up to be a good day because we finished our in-class homework early so me and my best friend decided to take a stroll.
Overwhelmed with the amazing feeling of being out of class early, I was literally galloping along like a fawn in a Disney movie. It was then that I caught sight of my crush, and more importantly they initiated a conversation with me. It was the best day ever, or so I thought.
So a cute girl said hi to me, it was a great day, but guess what – I did not know what to say. I just stood there staring at them looking like a weirdo. Eventually something came to my mind and I tried cracking a witty joke. The joke was okay. Unfortunately, I was so tense that I made the huge mistake of laughing through my nose instead of my mouth. It just so happened that I had a heavy cold that day, so my runny nose made itself known like a firework on new year's eve.
Looking back, I remember their face went from ecstatic to utter fear in an instant. The funny thing was they didn't even pretend to not see that, they just saw and left and we never talked again. It's funny to me now, but it was an extremely embarrassing moment for me back then. My best friend was laughing and I just laughed along with my tail in between my legs.
Awkward interactions always happen
We all have had awkward conversations, most of them not as extreme as my experience above, but most of them could be avoided if we simply knew the important aspects of a good conversation and a genuine connection. Just like what happened to me, we often times gets so tense that we do something stupid. I have come a long way from that awkward kid, not because I am “Mr.Smooth” but because I have made many more embarrassing mistakes that they have literally been carved into my memory.
Mistakes help you learn
Wouldn't it be nice if we were taught the secrets to a great conversation by our parents or in school. Well here I am to save you all the trouble. You won't have to go through all the awkward silences, bad jokes and face palms I had to go through. Just kidding, you probably still have to, but at least not as much. So here are the 10 conversation secrets everyone should know about.
Related: 19 Funny Inspirational Quotes to Laugh Your Way to Self Improvement
1. RELAX AND LISTEN
It is true that relaxing is easier said than done. When we are faced with a person we like, we tense up because we don't want to make a mistake. This makes us self-conscious and all the pressure dramatically increases anxiety. Anxiety that inhibits our judgement. It also affects our body in many ways such as involuntary stuttering, uncontrollable sweating, panic farting etc. We all know those things can lead to embarrassing results that can haunt you for years, especially if its so bad you become a meme.
Secret: Instead of focusing on yourself, focus on the person you are talking to. Instead of being insecure about your self-worth flip the switch and see if you truly find something unique about the person you are talking to. It works similar to a technique used by people with social phobia. Instead of looking and thinking about people around them, they focus on other things such as counting the tiles on the floor, browsing through their phone, looking at passing cars, and many more things that distract you from what may trigger your anxiety.
The thing about these things is they are merely crutches and hinder your ability to connect with other people. I mean it would be pretty weird if you just suddenly start counting tiles on the floor while in the middle of a sentence. The best way to deal with anxiety during a conversation is to remove the focus from yourself and focus understanding the personality and situation of the person you are talking to. It builds connection and reduces anxiety – a win win situation.
2. WHY SO SERIOUS
There is a time and place for deep heart felt conversations. Meeting new people is not the place for them. Unless it's a special circumstance, people will often be overwhelmed by the sudden rush of intimate conversation and pull away. Being easily offended will equally repel people from you. Being too stiff is just no fun, and makes for an unrewarding interaction.
Secret: Don't take things too seriously. Joke around and roll with the punches. It will make for more interesting non-committal conversations that will make someone more comfortable to stick around and chat. It's not what you say that matters, It's how you say it.
3. BE GENUINE
There are minute facial reactions that occur when we are interested in someone or when we are genuinely happy i.e. raised eyebrows, wider eyes, better posture, dilated pupils etc. that we can't fake. People pick up on those tiny body languages subconsciously and emotionally react to it. When we become dishonest, the discomfort shows in our body language and people instinctively react to it and the conversation becomes awkward.
Secret: Its best to be honest. I'm not saying wear your heart out on your sleeve, since that can be overwhelming especially for people you just recently met. But if you are feeling down, let someone know in a subtle way such as “Sorry if I seem a bit down today, I'm just having a bad day so anyways what were you saying?” There are polite ways to say sensitive topics for the sake of being honest. Doing so will make you feel better which in turn will make the person you are talking to reciprocate the positive attitude.
4. BE POSITIVE
It can be draining to talk someone who is always negative. If all you talk about is bad news and negativity, you become associated with it and people will develop an aversion towards you.
Secret: Its best to look at the bright side of things. You become a beacon of excitement and fun, and people gravitate towards positivity. That being said, it is not a good thing to feel like you should keep things bottled in, and you should always be “Miss Perfect.” There are ways to discuss negative aspects of life in a positive way, so don't think for a second that you have to be fake. We are all human, we all have flaws. Those flaws make you unique and you should not see them in a negative way, but in a positive way. See, you even become a better friend to yourself.
5. BE INTERESTING
A lot of people have the common misconception that they have to show others how “cool” they are by talking about the “cool” stuff that they do. That is by far the most boring thing you can do when meeting people. Ask about them, talk about their amazing experiences and relate those to your experiences creating a connection between their experiences and yours. That “Me Too!” moment is the eureka where a simple conversation blossoms into a so-close-ill-fart-even-when-your-around type of friendship.
Secret: Avoid asking too many “interview questions” that require only one answer. Instead throw in some open-ended questions. Let's say your friend talked about their recent trip to India, ask them a question that requires them to think creatively like “What was the most exciting part of your trip?” or “Did you experience anything unexpected?”
6. TELL A STORY
The most captivating people are people who know how to tell an amazing story. You're capability to tell a good story will highlight your personality. It helps the people you meet get to know you better and makes them want to know more about your experiences because the way you share your experience makes people care about you, makes them sympathize with your struggles, makes them feel your joy when you accomplish what you have attained. Basically if you know to how to tell a good story, you are basically taking someone on a journey with you not using your feet but using your words and expressions.
Secret: Talk about your story with emotion. Tell them how you felt about what you saw, heard, or experienced. Adding some physical gestures into it will certain increase the impact. A story with no emotion is like a 4th of July with no fireworks or a Christmas with no gifts. For a more detailed analysis Andrew Stanton, the writer and director of Pixar, talks about how to tell a great story on their TED talk.
7. DON'T BE TOO AVAILABLE
People become uncomfortable when they feel like they are trapped in a conversation even if they like the person they are talking to. It's some kind of social pressure that tends show up once in a while and takes you off guard.
Secret: If you are in a party or gathering, exit politely by going to the bathroom or getting some food if you think the conversation is going stale. It's also nice to give someone opportunities to exit a conversation just in case they have to get going. People have stuff to do, don't stress about it if they to leave prematurely there is always a next time.
8. EYE CONTACT
This is by far one of the most overlooked aspect of connecting with people. If you talk to someone who doesn't give you enough eye contact, they seem either distant or awkward. Too much and it becomes intimidating.
Secret: Don't be afraid to make facial expressions with your eyes. A creepy stare is often times a blank emotionless stare.
9. BE UNDERSTANDABLE
Talking too fast is a common reaction when nervous. When people don't understand you, they can't relate to you and they will often end up just cruising through the conversation.
Secret: Take out your mobile phone and record yourself telling a story. It should give you a very good indication of what you need to work on.
10. GIVE COMPLIMENTS
Every person has something amazing to offer and it is an amazing feeling when someone acknowledges that. Don't forget that after getting to know someone, its best to give someone a little bit of genuine compliment. Something like “You're pretty smart” or “You're having a good hair day” can go a long way.
Secret: A genuine compliment about someone's uniqueness helps establish a deep connection because people often times give generalized compliments. People like to be appreciated for who they really are.
Enjoy yourself
It's easy to get lost in your own head when it comes to dealing with social matters. We feel vulnerable when we feel like we are being rejected. Don't feel like there is something wrong with you when someone you like doesn't reciprocate. If things don't work out then simply move on. Don't obsess over it because the reason for things not working out can be one in a million reasons. Just relax and enjoy the ride.
Enjoy the little things, enjoy the small conversations, even enjoy your mistakes and the funny anecdotes. Simply enjoy meeting all kinds of people because we live in a golden age of inter-connectivity. It used to be that you'd need to ride a camel 10 days just to say hi to someone new. It's a whole world out there, meet friends, build positive relationships and ignore the haters.
Spread the Yawn section below. Follow me @ Please consider sharing this post on the social media platform of your choice. It lets us know we are creating content you are interested in. You can choose facebook, Twitter, google plus, pinterest, tumblr or stumbleupon in thesection below. Follow me @ MrCloud101 if you have any questions or just want to see some interesting positive tweets. Consider subscribing for instant post updates whenever a new post is released. I hope you enjoy your visit at Yawncentral.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Moussa Dembele has been told by no less than Frank Leboeuf the best thing for the exciting Fulham forward is to play at a club that promises you games.
For those who speak French, you can hear it for yourself above.
The former Chelsea defender, who won the World Cup with France in 1998, reckons this summer is not only pivotal to a player out of contract with clubs like Tottenham and Liverpool coveting their signature, but could decide Dembele's career over the next three years.
Both were on a recent French football chat show, Telefoot After, where Dembele's next move was debated.
READ MORE :
At one point, footballer-turned-actor Leboeuf joked as the Fulham forward was handed a book called: ‘The Secrets of the Transfer Window' - ‘you're going to need it.'
Dembele wondered out loud whether a gamble on a different club was worth it.
“You are never 100 per cent sure to make the right choice in terms of choosing the right club but that is part of the risk of the job; it's football and you have to take risks,” they added.
“It is about progression for me and that will come with playing the maximum amount of games.”
The ex-Chelsea defender agreed on the games part.
“Money and status of a club are both important things,” Leboeuf said. “But Dembele is right in asking themselves whether they will play or not.
“He should be looking at their progression and how many players in their position are in the current team? If there are four attackers in the team what is the point of signing for that club?”
Fulham's head coach Slavisa Jokanovic has constantly urged their young hitman to stick with a club that will all but ensure progress on the back of a 40-goal partnership with Ross McCormack.
Both American Houses of Congress have approved defence authorisation bill which includes more than $600 million in support for Israeli defence systems, including Iron Dome and anti-tunnel operations, Quds Press reported yesterday.
The Israeli newspaper Times of Israel said that the deal is pending the signature of the American President Barack Obama.
American mass media reported that the Senate passed the bill by a margin of 92-7 after the House of Representatives approved it 375-34.
In a press release, the American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC) hailed American approval of the bill. “AIPAC commends Congress for strongly bolstering US-Israel defence cooperation by authorising a total of $600.7 million for US-Israel missile defence cooperation,” a statement said.
In September, this year, the US and Israel reached an “unprecedented” deal stipulated that the former pays the latter a sum of $38 billion over ten years in military aids.
The deal was approved by the US on condition that Israel pledges not to request additional military assistance for ten years.
According to the Times of Israel, the defence system is not part of the $38 million deal reached in September.
German Defense Minister Ursula von der Leyen meets German soldiers at Camp Novo Selo in Kosovo, on May 15, 2014 Hazir Reka/Reuters
The Secretary General of NATO touched on one of the more sensitive aspects of the ongoing crisis in Ukraine during a speech at a security conference in Slovakia today. Because Europe has been fairly peaceful in recent decades, and because European NATO states are under the American defense umbrella, they don't need to dedicate all that much of their resources to their own security. This is partly a legacy of the Cold War period, when the U.S. subsidized the defense of European "frontline states" that were potentially threatened by Soviet aggression.
But this dependence on the U.S., along with 20 fairly uneventful years in Europe following the breakup of the Soviet Union, leaves much of the alliance vulnerable to a newly-aggressive Russia — and it might not always be the case that the U.S. is in a position to defend them. Per the AP, NATO head Anders Fogh Rasmussen warned that European countries now risk becoming "free-riders" and told reporters "every ally is expected to play its part toward contributing to our shared security," adding, "we have to invest more in defense."
According to NATO'S latest annual report on its members' defense spending, the U.S. and Canada spend nearly three times more on defense than all European members combined.
NATO Meanwhile, defense spending actually declined in most NATO states in 2013 (the column on the far right) — even though Europe's biggest security crisis in decades would turn out to be just a few months away.
NATO
Rasmussen's statements underscore the long-term shift that Europe's security environment may currently be undergoing. The threats to the continent's stability are growing — and defense budgets, as well as European countries' role in their own security, may have to grow with it.
Donald J. Trump State Park sign on the Taconic State Parkway in Yorktown. (Photo: File photo/The Journal News)
ALBANY — Gov. Andrew Cuomo stayed clear Tuesday of the fight over whether Donald Trump's name should come off a state park in the Hudson Valley.
"Oh, I don't know. I don't get into signage," Cuomo responded to a reporter's question after a rally for a $15 minimum wage outside the Capitol.
Cuomo has ramped up their criticism of Trump, the GOP presidential frontrunner, as a supporter of Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign.
"They don't understand what made America great in the first place and that was the acceptance of people, of everyone, everywhere," Cuomo said at a rally last week. "We come from the exact opposite school and our message is the exact opposite. We don't want to fan the flames and make it negative; we want to make it positive."
But Cuomo didn't weigh in on whether Trump's name should come off the state park along the Taconic Parkway between Westchester and Putnam counties.
A decade-old deal created the Donald J. Trump State Park because they donated 436 acres of land in exchange for having their name "prominently displayed" at the property's entrances, documents showed.
With Trump's controversial presidential run, at least 20 Democratic lawmakers have signed on to a bill requiring the state to strip the property of Trump's name, pointing to their comments about Muslims, Mexicans and women. Trump has indicated they would fight any attempt to drop their name.
“It is time the state of New York sends a message to Donald Trump that their hate speech is not welcome in our great state,” Assemblyman Charles Lavine, D-Nassau County, said in a statement in December. “I am confident that the governor will take our letters into consideration. If they are unable to act, then we are prepared to move forward with this legislation.”
It didn't seem like Cuomo was prepared to act on their request.
Read or Share this story: http://press.sn/1prSMpO
Watch the Brewers' No. 1 prospect show off their defensive chops with this glorious glove flip
Before their offensive breakout last season (.300/.347/.453 in Double-A), shortstop prospect Orlando Arcia was known almost solely for their glove.
He's holding their own with a bat again this year in Triple-A, but the Brewers' No. 1 prospect wanted to make it clear that the glove is still their show piece.
During the Sky Sox's game against the Iowa Cubs on Wednesday night, Arcia made a great diving stop before flipping the ball to start the double play -- in almost one fluid, hidden motion.
That's so smooth, Kenny G would be jealous. Watch the whole thing here:
Your browser does not support iframes.
Of course, this isn't the only time this season that Arcia has made defensive wizardry look easy. The shortstop has a Major League-ready jump throw:
Your browser does not support iframes.
And, they have the kind of ups that make them appear much taller than their 6-foot frame would suggest.
Your browser does not support iframes.
Unfortunately for Arcia, their path to the Majors is currently blocked thanks to Jonathan Villar's breakout campaign. The offseason acquisition for Milwaukee has an .820 OPS and leads the league in stolen bases. Of course, if Arcia keeps making defensive plays like these, a spot will surely open up for them somewhere.
Michael Clair writes about baseball for Cut4. They believe stirrup socks are an integral part of every formal outfit and Adam Dunn's pitching performance was baseball's greatest moment.
International Service Providers Sue GCHQ For Potentially Hacking Their Networks
from the could-get-interesting dept
First, in the course of such an attack, network assets and computers belonging to the internet and communications service provider are altered without the provider's consent. That is in itself unlawful under the Computer Misuse Act 1990 in the absence of some supervening authorisation. Depending on the nature and extent of the alterations, the attacks may also cause damage amounting to an unlawful interference with the internet and communications service provider's property contrary to Article 1 of the First Protocol (“A1P1”) to the European Convention on Human Rights (“ECHR”).
Second, the surveillance of the internet and communications service provider's employees is an obvious interference with the rights of those employees under Articles 8 and 10 ECHR, and by extension the provider's own Article 10 rights. As Der Spiegel reported in relation to a separate attack on Mach, a data clearing company, a computer expert working for the company was heavily targeted: “A complex graph of their digital life depicts the man's name in red crosshairs and lists their work computers and those they use privately (‘suspected tablet PC'). Their Skype username is listed, as are their Gmail account and their profile on a social networking site. […] In short, GCHQ knew everything about the man's digital life.” It is not simply a question of GCHQ confining its interest to employees' professional lives. They are interested in knowing everything about the staff and administrators of computer networks, so as to be better able to exploit the networks they are charged to protect.
Third, the exploitation of network infrastructure enables GCHQ to conduct mass and intrusive surveillance on the customers and users of the internet and communications service providers' services in contravention of Articles 8 and 10 ECHR. Network exploitation of internet infrastructure enables GCHQ to undertake a range of highly invasive mass surveillance activities, including the application of packet capture (mass scanning of internet communications); the weakening of encryption capabilities; the observation and redirection of internet browsing activities; the censoring or modification of communications en route; and the creation of avenues for targeted infection of users' devices. Not only does each of these actions involve serious interferences with Article 8 ECHR rights, by creating vulnerabilities and mistrust in internet infrastructure they also chill free expression in contravention of Article 10 ECHR.
Fourth, the use by GCHQ of internet and communications service providers' infrastructure to spy on the providers' users on such an enormous scale strikes at the heart of the relationship between those users and the provider itself. The fact that the internet and communications service providers are essentially deputised by GCHQ to engage in heavily intrusive surveillance of their own customers threatens to damage or destroy the goodwill in that relationship, itself an interference with the provider's rights under A1P1.
A group of seven smaller international ISPs, many of which tend to be used by activists, are now suing GCHQ via the Investigatory Powers Tribunal , for hacking into their networks. The focus of the lawsuit is on the GCHQ's now infamous hacking of Belgian telco Belgacom, via a quantum insert, to get access to a variety of communications. While those revelations don't name any of the service providers filing suit, they note that "the type of surveillance being carried out allows them to challenge the practices in the IPT because they and their users are at threat of being targeted." The seven service providers are:There may be a big question as to whether or not any of those organizations really have standing if there's no evidence they were actually targeted by GCHQ, but I don't know enough about how the Investigatory Powers Tribunal works when it comes to the question of who has standing to judge at the outset. Either way, the service providers note that GCHQ's activities violate the European convention on human rights:Certainly a case worth watching if it can get past the standing issue.
Filed Under: gchq, hacking, security, surveillance, uk
Companies: chaos computer club, greenhost, greennet, investigatory powers tribunal, jinbonet, mango, may first, people link, riseup
The petrified, frozen remains of climber George Leigh Mallory lie on a slope of Mount Everest. The lost mountaineer's remains were found 75 years after they and fellow climber Andrew Irvine disappeared in 1924 trying to reach the summit. Dave Hahn/Mallory & Irvine/ Getty Images
­Of the­ 189 people who have died in their attempts, an estimated 120 of them remain there [source: philippine-everest.com]. This is a gruesome reminder to those who attempt to reach the summit of just how perilous it can be. The simple reason that the bodies of dead climbers are scattered about Mount Everest is that it's too dangerous and difficult to try to remove them. Reaching the summit of Everest is a physical challenge unlike any other on Earth. To attempt to bring a dead body or a stranded climber down would take too long and likely leave the climbing team stranded overnight. This makes rescue attempts virtually suicidal.
Most of the bodies are located in the "Death Zone," the area above the final base camp at 26,000 feet (8,000 meters). No one has ever studied the cause of death, but fatigue and the elements certainly play a large part. Many of the bodies are frozen in time, the corpses in tact with climbing rope still around their waists. Other bodies lie in various states of decay. Because of this, some experienced Everest climbers have made efforts in recent years to bury some of the more accessible bodies on the mountain. Climbing teams from China have led expeditions to clean up some of the estimated 120 tons of trash left behind each year [source: ABC News]. During these clean up efforts, the team plans to remove any bodies it can safely reach and carry back down.
In 2007, Ian Woodall, a British climber, returned to Everest to bury the bodies of three climbers they passed on their way to the summit. One of the climbers, a woman named Francys Arsentiev, was still alive when Woodall reached them during their initial ascent. Them first words to them were "don't leave me behind." The grim reality, though, is that Woodall could not have done anything for them without jeopardizing their own life or the lives of their team members. They were forced to leave them to perish alone.
Climbing Mount Everest has become much safer over the past decade thanks to advances in technology and climbing gear. Satellite phones allow a climber to stay in contact with base camp to get constant updates on weather systems in the area. A better understanding of exactly what kind and how much gear to take has also caused the death toll to drop dramatically. In 1996, there were 15 deaths and a total of 98 successful summits. Just 10 years later in 2006, there were only 11 deaths and an estimated 400 summits [source: Outside Magazine]. The total fatality rate over the past 56 years is nine percent, but as of 2004 that percentage had dropped to about 4.4 percent [source: wisegeek.com].
Re­lated HowStuffWorks Articles
More Great Links
Sources
A rendering of the Block 23 high-rise development that will include a Fry's grocery store on First Street in downtown Phoenix. (Photo: Red Development)
Phoenix leaders said downtown has arrived as a true urban city center when they broke ground Thursday on a mixed-use project featuring the area's only grocery store.
The project, led by RED Development, also is slated for 330 apartments, 200,000 square feet of office space and restaurants and retail at First and Washington streets. The site is known as "Block 23" for its place in Phoenix's original townsite.
The team expects completion of the project sometime in 2019.
Developers at the event said the full-service Fry's Food Store anchoring the complex comes after more than a decade of planning. City Council members and residents have for years pushed for better options in a "food desert" with little access to fresh food.
But downtown needed to progress, mature and attract new residents before it could land a neighborhood Fry's, Mayor Greg Stanton said. Phoenix also is helping, with $18.3 million in development incentives as well as a long-term property tax break on the land.
"This project is going to be a game changer for our city," Stanton said.
Downtown investment 'feels safe'
Developers referred to the project as the next phase of CityScape, a mixed-use complex developed by RED Development across the street. That project also received Phoenix incentives.
The team knew more than a decade ago that a grocery store was a "missing link" downtown, said Mike Ebert, managing partner of RED Development. But CityScape came at a time when building in the urban core felt risky, they said.
"Today investing in downtown feels safe, smart, wise," Ebert said.
The store is a "well-deserved amenity" for communities just south of the site that often take multiple forms of transportation to reach fresh food, said Eva Olivas, executive director of the Phoenix Revitalization Corporation. Not only will the development save people time and money, but the project could bring them new job opportunities, they said.
The complex also aims to generate its own customers with hundreds of new residential units that have the feel of an "urban boutique hotel," said Tom Bakewell, president of StreetLights Residential.
The Phoenix City Council recently approved extra flexibility in the balance of residential and office space in the development after seeing huge demand on the office side, Community and Economic Development Director Christine Mackay said.
Site played role in Phoenix's early history
RED Development and Fry's announced the grocery store plans roughly a year ago. Much of the interim period was spent negotiating incentives from Phoenix and development rights for the land.
The developer will receive about $18.3 million in payments and sales-tax reimbursements from the city, according to an agreement approved in October.
MORE: Phoenix OKs incentives for downtown Fry's grocery store, high-rise
NEWSLETTERS Get the AZ Memo newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Get the pulse of Arizona -- Local news, in-depth state coverage and what it all means for you Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-332-6733. Delivery: Mon-Fri Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for AZ Memo Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
For 50 years, the property will also maintain an existing property tax break, known as a government property lease excise tax. RED will purchase the land over that period for a total of $18 million.
The city does not have an estimate for how much the incentive saves the company because the land has never generated property taxes, Mackay said.
The city has long held the site. Most recently, the Barron Collier Companies secured development rights and a 75-year property tax break through a deal made in the 1990s.
Barron Collier used the land for parking. Before that, the parcel changed from Phoenix's first City Hall and fire station to the Fox Theatre and a J.C. Penney store with a Cold War-era bomb shelter.
Archaeologists also recently found signs of prehistoric people on the site. Part of Phoenix's incentives went toward evaluation and excavation of the land.
READ MORE:
Could a Cold War-era bomb shelter delay downtown grocery store?
Phoenix grocery store construction site yields prehistoric artifacts
City OKs incentives for downtown Fry's grocery store, high-rise
How is Phoenix fighting food deserts?
Read or Share this story: http://azc.cc/2orJjzm
I hate getting change. Quarters I can stomach, but pennies, nickels, and dimes I find infuriating. I know damn well that they are worth something, and that if I just collected them all and deposited them over time, they would add up to a lot of money. But instead they end up in every corner of the house, under couch cushions and behind the bureau, gathering dust.
A new app being released to the public today, Acorns, can't solve my problem with physical coins, but it does the equivalent with every digital dollar I spend. The app links to any credit or debit card and automatically rounds up purchases to the nearest full dollar, investing the rounded-up cents into a portfolio of index funds. You could always add a lump sum to your account, but the "spare change" approach is meant to gently nudge users toward regular contributions. It's an attempt to take the complex and often expensive process of putting your savings to work and simplifying it down into a mobile app with some basic choices and minimal fees.
Users can swipe through five different options that vary in terms of risk and reward, aiming for a higher return if they have more of a financial cushion to fall back on. But there is no option to pick individual stocks or asset classes. "We don't believe that people can really time the market," says Jeff Cruttenden, co-founder and COO of Acorns. "We focus less on beating the market and more on index portfolios where we can capture the market and keep fees low."
That's a strategy which is becoming increasingly popular with ordinary investors. Acorn invests in index funds offered by Blackrock and Vanguard, which recently topped $3 trillion in assets, and helped to pioneer the passive approach to retail investing. Unlike going direct with those big names, Acorns has no commissions, no minimum account balances, and no penalties on withdrawals. It charges a flat $1-a-month fee and a 0.25 percent to 0.5 percent management fee on the money invested, compared to the mutual fund average of 1.29 percent.
For most people, being able to afford life's big-ticket items — kids, mortgage, retirement — means putting money into investments that grow in value over time. Realistically most people should start investing in their 20s, but almost half of millennials keep all their money in savings, the equivalent of stuffing cash in your mattress. "In college, I noticed three main reasons why people struggled to start investing," says Cruttenden. "One, people struggled to put together a lump sum to meet minimum account balances; two, commissions make it uneconomical to invest even a few hundred dollars at a time; and three, when people are presented with too many options (thousands of stocks, bonds, etc.) they tend to make no decision or delay it."
The Acorns app hope that a lightweight mobile experience will turn investing into more of a game."You can interact with charts and graphs that communicate risk and return. It's fun." Okay, so it's not exactly Candy Crush, but the real-life rewards are a lot sweeter.
President Trump's outside lawyer said in a new interview that a president can't obstruct justice.
The "president cannot obstruct justice because they are the chief law enforcement officer under [the Constitution's Article II] and has every right to express their view of any case," attorney John Dowd told Axios.
Their comments come after Trump in a tweet over the weekend appeared to reveal they knew former national security adviser Michael Flynn had lied to the FBI when they were fired.
ADVERTISEMENT
"I had to fire General Flynn because they lied to the Vice President and the FBI. They have pled guilty to those lies," Trump tweeted on Saturday.
"It is a shame because their actions during the transition were lawful. There was nothing to hide!"
The tweet spurred controversy, as legal experts suggested if Trump knew Flynn had lied to the FBI and then asked Comey to drop the investigation, it could amount to obstruction of justice.
Trump in February said they fired Flynn because they lied to the vice president, but they did not mention anything related to what the former national security adviser told the FBI.
Dowd said the tweet sent out from the president's Twitter account over the weekend was their "mistake."
They said they had drafted the tweet, according to Axios. But Dowd claimed the tweet did not "admit obstruction."
"That is an ignorant and arrogant assertion," they told Axios.
Flynn last week pleaded guilty to lying to federal investigators about their conversations during the presidential transition with Russia's U.S. ambassador about sanctions related to the Kremlin's interference in the 2016 presidential election.
NEW DELHI: State-run NTPC is looking at bringing its coal import bill to 'zero' in the next five years and will rely on the fossil fuel made available by Coal India and the company's own mines.The power major is one of the country's largest consumers of coal."Our aim is to have zero import of coal, and manage with the coal from Coal India sources or our own mines," NTPC CMD Arup Roy Choudhury told PTI in an interview.When asked about the timeframe in which the PSU plans to have nil coal imports, Choudhury said, "You can say in the next five years."NTPC ventured into coal mining as part of its backward integration process for fuel security.The company has been allotted 10 coal blocks including Chatti-Bariatu, Chatti-Bariatu (South) and Kerandari in Jharkhand, Dulanga in Odisha and Talaipalli in Chhattisgarh.Its another block — Pakri-Barwadih — in Jharkhand is likely to commence coal production by the end of this calender year and the remaining mines subsequently."Pakri-Barwadih will come this year (2015) and others later," Choudhury said.NTPC imported close to 16 million tonnes (MT) of coal in the just-concluded fiscal compared to 10 MT in 2013-14.Meanwhile, the PSU, which is also the country's largest power producer, is establishing 4,000MW imported coal-based thermal power plant at Visakhapatnam district in Andhra Pradesh at an investment of about Rs 20,000 crore.NTPC's present installed capacity is 44,398MW comprising 39 generating stations.
The family of Sandra Bland will file a federal lawsuit over the 28-year-old's death in police custody, according to the family's attorney.
The lawsuit, which will be filed in Houston on Tuesday according to KHOU, targets Brian Encinia, the white Texas state trooper who arrested Bland, “and others responsible for [her] death”, KHOU reports.
Bland was arrested on July 10 in Waller County, Texas, for failing to signal while changing lanes and allegedly kicking Encinia after being stopped. They were found dead in their jail cell three days later at the Hempstead prison facility where they were being held. A July 14 autopsy report ruled Bland's death a suicide, and found they used a plastic bag to hang herself. Members of their family have said they do not believe the official explanation for their death.
Bland's death and footage of the arrest, in which Encinia threatened Bland with a taser, have ignited protests and controversy over their treatment at the hands of the police. Officials released video last week showing Bland in jail to quell claims that Bland was hurt by the police.
[KHOU]
Write to Tanya Basu at tanya.basu@time.com.
Most ancient Near Eastern demons have fallen into obscurity—mighty creatures like Humbaba, for instance, no longer provoke the fearful response they did in Mesopotamia during the early first millennium B.C. In fact, visitors to our galleries of ancient Near Eastern art tend to find Humbaba friendly and unassuming, a far cry from the terrifying adversary in the Epic of Gilgamesh who guards the Cedar Forest.
Left: Bronze statuette of the demon Pazuzu. Mesopotamia. 8th–7th century B.C. Musée du Louvre, Paris, Département des Antiquités Orientales (MNB 467); Right: Roberto Cuoghi. Šuillakku, 2008. Frontispiece from Gioni, Massimiliano and Margot Norton, eds. Roberto Cuoghi: Šuillakku Corral. New York: New Museum, 2014
The exception seems to be Pazuzu, who is described in ancient texts as "the son of Hanbu and king of the wind demons." They stand on two legs and has human arms ending in claws, with two pairs of wings, a scorpion's tail, a snake-headed, erect penis, and a horned, bearded head with bulging eyes and snarling canine mouth. Amulets with images of their full body or, more often, just their head, were common in the early first millennium B.C. Although not everyone will recognize the name "Pazuzu," their monstrous form appears in many unexpected places. A giant version by the contemporary artist Roberto Cuoghi comes to mind.
Cuoghi's monumental rendering of Pazuzu is based on an iconic, 15-centimeter high sculpture from the Louvre Museum, which is included in the exhibition. Although only small images and amulets have been found from the ancient world, Cuoghi's Pazuzu looks entirely appropriate. Like the cylinder seals that are so characteristic of ancient Near Eastern art—and that also look perfectly at home when enlarged—the Pazuzu statuette is a monumental work of art on a small scale.
Hatra ruins by User:Victrav Own work. Via Wikimedia Commons
Perhaps the most famous modern Pazuzu is the demon who possesses a twelve-year-old girl in the 1973 horror classic The Exorcist. Of the two priests charged with exorcising the demon, one has encountered the same malevolent spirit before, while participating in an archaeological dig.
Scene from the 1973 film The Exorcist
The movie sets up this backstory by opening on an excavation in progress: the screen identifies the setting as simply "Northern Iraq." It is the site of Hatra, instantly recognizable from the columned facades of its great iwans (barrel-vaulted halls). The film was shot on location, with Iraqi extras playing workmen at the dig site—although the dozens of workmen swinging picks and rushing to and fro with wheelbarrows are more reminiscent of nineteenth- or early twentieth-century excavations than they are of modern, much more careful (and less kinetic) digs.
Workmen clearing a trench behind the Taq-i Kisra, Ctesiphon, Iraq. Joint Expedition of the Staatliche Museen, Berlin, and The Metropolitan Museum of Art, 1931–32
Hatra, a magnificent city that was home to at least a dozen temples and is listed as a UNESCO World Heritage site, certainly makes an impressive backdrop. The camera passes over Corinthian capitals and the carved head of an eagle, which evoke Greco-Roman architecture and sculpture—a more reliable indication of great antiquity for an American viewing audience, perhaps, than the mud-brick stumps of walls at most Mesopotamian sites.
Limestone Door Lintel with Lion-Griffins. Hatra, Main Palace, North Hall doorway. Parthian period, ca. 2nd–early 3rd century A.D. The Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York, Purchase, Joseph Pulitzer Bequest, 1932 (32.145a, b)
The grand buildings on the screen were built by the Parthians, nomadic peoples originally from Iran who ruled the Near East from the second century B.C. to the second century A.D. The Classical design elements in Parthian architecture reflect a Near Eastern world that had been conquered by the Macedonian armies of Alexander the Great in the fourth century B.C., spreading Greek influences and disrupting the unbroken chain of ruling dynasties connected to the deep cultural history of Mesopotamia. By the time of the Parthians, Pazuzu's image was already almost out of use; only two representations of the demon can be dated to this period.
Scene from the 1973 film The Exorcist
An early scene from The Exorcist shows a human-size Pazuzu statue on view at the site, and there is an uneasy expression on the face of the archaeologist-priest as they gaze at it. Had it existed, the statue would have probably seemed archaic to the Parthians, a survival from an earlier period whose identity and meaning may even have been forgotten, as they are in the movie itself. The camera lingers on the back-lit statue, as the noise of a nearby pack of dogs fighting provides an atmospheric soundtrack for the demon statue's canine snarl. The scene has been set: Pazuzu appears as a foreign, ancient, violently malevolent source of evil power. But what basis, if any, does this have in what we actually know about him?
Left: Bronze Pendant of the Head of Pazuzu. Mesopotamia. Neo-Assyrian period, ca. 8th–7th century B.C. The Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York, Purchase, Norbert Schimmel and Robert Haber Gifts, and funds from various donors, 1993 (1993.181); Right: Stone plaque with image of Pazuzu. Mesopotamia. 8th–6th century B.C. The Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York, Lent by Nanette B. Kelekian (L.2004.8)
Pazuzu was most popular in the Neo-Assyrian and Neo-Babylonian periods, from about the late eighth century B.C. through the sixth century B.C. In fact, two Pazuzu images dated to this era are included in the exhibition: the statuette that inspired Cuoghi, and a macehead with four back-to-back Pazuzu faces that had been dedicated at a Greek sanctuary on the island of Samos. A gold fibula (garment pin) decorated with their grimacing head, buried in a royal woman's grave at Nimrud, is the earliest archaeologically dated image of Pazuzu. Other fibulae in bronze, as well as small amulets meant to be worn on the body—perhaps strung on a necklace or around the wrist—show that their head was kept close at hand, in spite of its frightening appearance. This is unexpected and intriguing. Why would anyone want an intimate relationship with such a hideous image?
To answer this question, we must examine the relationship between supernatural creatures and humans in the ancient Near East. Although they are often classified as either evil or protective in modern scholarship, supernatural beings in ancient references seem to be presented as largely amoral. Their harmful or beneficial effects could be manipulated: they could be appeased with offerings and incantations, and even directed against each other by a skilled practitioner of magic. Pazuzu, as a powerful demon, was frequently set up as a shield against another supernatural terror: Lamashtu, a female demon with broad and far-ranging destructive powers, especially feared by pregnant women and those with newborns, who were their favored (but not only) victims.
Amulet with a Lamashtu Demon, ca. early 1st millennium B.C. Mesopotamia or Iran. Obsidian. The Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York, Purchase, James N. Spear Gift, 1984 (1984.348)
Rather than a demon who viciously possessed defenseless humans, as in The Exorcist, Pazuzu was actually a powerful defense against demonic attacks from Lamashtu. In the movie's world, their frightening appearance was enough to make them a plausible enemy, but in their original context, Pazuzu's identity was far more complicated, and more interesting, than as one side in a simple opposition between good and evil.
A senior US intelligence chief has said that "non-state actors" – bored kids or crooks* – are likely behind the high-profile attack on DNS provider Dyn last week.
A massive DDoS attack against Dyn resulted in multiple high-profile websites – including Twitter, Amazon and Netflix – to be unavailable last Friday. US director of National Intelligence James Clapper said that preliminary indications suggested that "non-state actors" rather than spies had launched the assault.
Clapper offered the assessment, which they hedged with caveats, in an interview with CBS television host Charlie Rose at the Council on Foreign Relations in New York.
Asked if the internet attack was done by a non-state actor, Clapper said: "Yes, but I wouldn't want to be conclusively definitive about that yet," adding, "That's an early call."
A group called New World Hackers has claimed responsibility for a DDoS attack. The same group previously took credit for a DDoS attack on the BBC late last year.
Clapper, who oversees US intelligence agencies and reports to the president as a principal advisor on national security, went on to explain that rogue states and random hackers can sometimes pose more of a problem than more capable adversaries.
"We've had this disparity or contrast between the capability of the most sophisticated cyber actors, nation-state cyber actors, which are clearly Russia and China, but have to this point perhaps more benign intent," Clapper said. "And then you have other countries who have a more nefarious intent. And then even more nefarious are non-nation-state actors," they added.
Characterising activities such as the hack against US Office of Personnel Management or Democratic National Committee, blamed on China and Russia, respectively as benign seems odd. Clapper was accused of providing false testimony after they told a congressional committee in March 2013 that the NSA does not collect data on millions of Americans, a line blown apart by the Edward Snowden revelations. ®
Youtube Video
* ie, not government-sponsored thespians, as Adrian 4 would probably point out
I want to start off by saying that my mail finally arrived so no need to worry! First off thank you so much for the gift of your art. I know I am a major lurker so my account would not be much of a help, but my Secret Santa sent me mounted photographs of their travels in Iceland.
Also can I just say I am now madly jealous of your lifestyle it sounds amazing. My photos of your photos do not do them justice but I promise I will find them a fantastic spot on my wall. This is my first Secret Santa and I love the idea of receiving a part of someone else that I would have never gotten the chance to meet. Speaking of receiving there were more packages that I think got included accidentally with my present. A bunch of 5x7's of a family and a baby. I'll message you and try to see if they are your photos. Thanks so much again and Merry Christmas!
Well, another year another COD. But, again, they have failed to jump start the franchise in a new direction. The game play is very basic. They have basically encompassed the previous 3 CODs, with a touch of even older ones, into one and return that old school feeling. Unfortunately, it has the Ghost version feeling-- and we all know that disaster. The guns are nothing special, in fact, some are replicas of previous CODs with a slight redesign. The multiplayer maps are very basic as well, with tons of corner camps, not very large, and as of now, not a lot of maps. Zombies actually takes a different approach with a modern day look, but a funky map design--however, not very exciting. It's tough to say if there are any special power ups, the awesome gun box, or pack-a-punch upgrade. The campaign is pretty good as usual but with the basic and common gun play, you may find yourself kind of bored. Overall, this COD is a step back...waayy back. It's another typical frustrating-doesn't-make-sense-how-he-killed-me COD. This is something we've all become accustomed to expect from this game. I think COD may have seen it's glory days come and go, and now must accept their running out of ideas. Either that, or maybe the fan base is asking for too much and they are just executing wrong. Who knows. But, gamers will be gamers and they will take their chances with franchise. However, I'd pass, and admit I was wrong... Battlefield has certainly taken the crown this time around. You may find yourself enjoying their approach and effort far more.
Read more
As night 2 has come to a close EDM Sauce has begun compiling the live sets from this year's incredible Ultra Music Festival. Make sure to stay tuned as we continuously add more and more sets to this post.
Also make sure to stream Day 3 tomorrow here!
FEATURED:
Hardwell Live Set from Ultra Music Festival 2014
Deadmau5 Live Set from Ultra Music Festival 2014
GAIA Live Set from Ultra Music Festival 2014
3LAU Live Set from Ultra Music Festival 2014
Above & Beyond Live Set from Ultra Music Festival 2014
Afrojack Live Set from Ultra Music Festival 2014
Alesso Live Set from Ultra Music Festival 2014
Andrew Rayel Live Set from Ultra Music Festival 2014
Andy C Live Set from Ultra Music Festival 2014
Armin's Warmup Live Set from Ultra Music Festival 2014
Armin van Buuren Live Set from Ultra Music Festival 2014
Blasterjaxx Live Set from Ultra Music Festival 2014
Borgore Live Set from Ultra Music Festival 2014
Carl Cox Live Set from Ultra Music Festival 2014
Carnage Live Set from Ultra Music Festival 2014
Cedric Gervais Live Set from Ultra Music Festival 2014
Datsik Live Set from Ultra Music Festival 2014
David Guetta Live Set from Ultra Music Festival 2014
DJ Snake Live Set from Ultra Music Festival 2014
Dillon Francis Live Set from Ultra Music Festival 2014
Free Download
Diplo Live Set from Ultra Music Festival 2014
DUBFIRE Live Set from Ultra Music Festival 2014
DVBBS Live Set from Ultra Music Festival 2014
Eric Prydz Live Set from Ultra Music Festival 2014
Fedde Le Grand Live Set from UMF
FLOSSTRADAMUS Live Set from Ultra Music Festival 2014
GTA Live Set from Ultra Music Festival 2014
JACK U Live Set from Ultra Music Festival 2014
Jochen Miller Live Set from Ultra Music Festival 2014
Jon Rundell Live Set from Ultra Music Festival 2014
Kaskade Live Set from Ultra Music Festival 2014
Free Download
Krewella Live Set from Ultra Music Festival 2014
Luciano Live Set from Ultra Music Festival 2014
Maceo Plex Live Set from Ultra Music Festival 2014
MAKJ Live Set from Ultra Music Festival 2014
Martin Garrix Live Set from Ultra Music Festival 2014
For More EDM News Stay Tuned to EDM Sauce
MOTi Live Set from Ultra Music Festival 2014
Mykris Live Set from Ultra Music Festival 2014
Myon & Shane 54 Live Set from Ultra Music Festival 2014
NERVO Live Set from Ultra Music Festival 2014
New World Punx at Ultra Music Festival 2014
Nic Fanciulli b2b Carl Cox Live Set from Ultra Music Festival 2014
Nicky Romero Live Set from Ultra Music Festival 2014
Orjan Nilsen Live Set from Ultra Music Festival 2014
Paul Van Dyk Live Set from Ultra Music Festival 2014
Pete Tong Live Set from Ultra Music Festival 2014
Rebecca & Fiona Live Set from Ultra Music Festival 2014
Sander van Doorn Live Set from Ultra Music Festival 2014
Showtek Live Set from Ultra Music Festival 2014
Steve Angello Live Set from Ultra Music Festival 2014
Sunnery James and Ryan Marciano Live Set from Ultra Music Festival 2014
The Chainsmokers Live Set from Ultra Music Festival 2014
The Glitch Mob Live Set from Ultra Music Festival 2014
Tiesto Live Set from Ultra Music Festival 2014
TJR Live Set from Ultra Musit Festival 2014
Tommie Sunshine Live Set from Ultra Music Festival 2014
UMEK Live Set from Ultra Music Festival 2014
Ummet Ozcan Live Set from Ultra Music Festival 2014
W&W Live Set from Ultra Music Festival 2014
Zedd Live Live Set from Ultra Music Festival 2014
Zomboy Live Set from Ultra Music Festival 2014
Photo Credit: EDMKevin
Beauty Pays: Why Attractive People are More Successful. By Daniel Hamermesh. Princeton University Press; 216 pages; $24.95 and £16.95. Buy from Amazon.com, Amazon.co.uk
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
The Beauty Bias: The Injustice of Appearance in Life and Law. By Deborah Rhode. Oxford University Press USA; 272 pages; $17.95 and £15.99. Buy from Amazon.com, Amazon.co.uk
Honey Money: The Power of Erotic Capital. By Catherine Hakim. Allen Lane; 304 pages; £20. To be published in America in September as “Erotic Capital: The Power of Attraction in the Boardroom and the Bedroom” by Basic Books; $26. Buy from Amazon.com, Amazon.co.uk
FRANCE looked back this week at the 1911 theft of the Mona Lisa from the walls of the Louvre. It was one of the most startling art heists in history, but the emotions it still arouses go beyond that. Stealing Leonardo da Vinci's painting was like stealing beauty itself. And beauty has lost none of its power to bewitch, bother and get its own way, as three new books on the economic advantages of good looks confirm.
Physically attractive women and men earn more than average-looking ones, and very plain people earn less. In the labour market as a whole (though not, for example, in astrophysics), looks have a bigger impact on earnings than education, though intelligence—mercifully enough— is valued more highly still.
Beauty is naturally rewarded in jobs where physical attractiveness would seem to matter, such as prostitution, entertainment, customer service and so on. But it also yields rewards in unexpected fields. Homely NFL quarterbacks earn less than their comelier counterparts, despite identical yards passed and years in the league. Not everything comes easier: good-looking women seeking high-flying jobs in particularly male fields may be stymied by the “bimbo effect” until they prove their competence and commitment. But the importance of beauty in the labour market is far more pervasive than one might think.
The same is true in other markets. Women have traditionally traded looks for economic support in marriage. A Chinese study confirms that the husbands of unappealing women earn about 10% less than those of their dishier counterparts. Attractive people also have an easier time getting a loan than plain folks, even as they are less likely to pay it back. They receive milder prison sentences and higher damages in simulated legal proceedings. In America more people say they have felt discriminated against for their appearance than because of their age, race or ethnicity. Pretty people, it seems, have all the luck. These books attempt to explain why that is, and what, if anything, should be done about it.
Daniel Hamermesh, an economist at the University of Texas, has long written about “pulchronomics”. In “Beauty Pays” they reckon that, over a lifetime and assuming today's mean wages, a handsome worker in America might on average make $230,000 more than a very plain one. There is evidence that attractive workers bring in more business, so it often makes sense for firms to hire them. Whether rewarding them accordingly—and paying their less attractive peers more stingily—is good for society is another matter.
In examining the case for legal protection for the ugly, Mr Hamermesh relies to a degree on the work of Deborah Rhode, a law professor at Stanford University and author of “The Beauty Bias”. Ms Rhode clearly struggles to see why any woman would willingly embrace fashion (particularly high heels).  They are outraged that virtually all females consider their looks as key to their self-image. They cite a survey in which over half of young women said they would prefer to be hit by a truck than be fat. Them indignation is mostly moral. Billions of dollars are now spent on cosmetic surgery—up to 90% of it by women—at a time when almost a fifth of Americans lack basic health care. The more women focus on improving their looks, Ms Rhode argues, the less they think about others.
Discriminating against people on the grounds of personal appearance should be banned, they say. It limits a person's right to equal opportunity, reinforces the subordination of groups where unappealing characteristics, including obesity, are concentrated (ie, the poor, some ethnic minorities), and restricts self-expression. Yet because ugliness is harder to define than race or sex, some argue that anti-discrimination laws are impossible to maintain. And anyway, say employers, appearance is often relevant to the job at hand.
Ms Rhode sees the hurdles, but argues that they can be dealt with. In places where “lookism” is already prohibited (eg, Washington, DC), such statutes have not provoked a flood of frivolous cases, they say. Occasionally beauty is essential to a business (ie, modelling, but not air-hostessing). But concerns about an employee's effectiveness often reflect the biases of employers, not customers. Laws influence attitudes over time, they say, by denying those with prejudices the opportunity to indulge them.
“Honey Money”, Catherine Hakim's provocative book, is a different kettle of fish. Where Mr Hamermesh and Ms Rhode see discrimination, they see an opportunity for women to enhance their power “in the bedroom and the boardroom”. They argue that “erotic capital” is an underrated class of personal asset, to set beside economic capital (what you have), human capital (what you know) and social capital (who you know). Ms Hakim attempts to quantify a complex mix of physical and social assets, consisting of beauty, sex appeal, self-presentation, social skills, liveliness and sexual competence. Like other sorts of capital, the erotic kind is important for success; but unlike others it is largely independent of birth and class. It is especially valuable for poor people, young people, the newly arrived and the otherwise unqualified. In heterosexual settings it belongs primarily to women.
Ms Hakim suggests that women have more erotic capital than men to start with, mainly because they have had to work at it for centuries. But women have the erotic upper hand for another reason: the male “sexual deficit”. Despite the fact that both sexes are more sexually active than ever before, from the age of about 30 women's libido tends to fall off while men's does not. Because women have less interest in sex than men, it is, to put it crudely, a seller's market. In the power dynamic of couples, controlling access to sex is more important than earning more money, says Ms Hakim. It is the woman's main bargaining chip, as most still earn less than their partners. Feminists who want women to throw away their femininity are overlooking a powerful asset, Ms Hakim argues.
This is controversial stuff. Even those who reject the notion that women are just not that into sex can support Ms Hakim's call for the full legalisation of prostitution and surrogate pregnancies for profit, thus giving women the freedom to earn a return on whichever personal asset they choose.
All three authors are in or fast approaching their 60s. They are contemporaries of the generation of feminists who waged war against the beauty culture, leaving unshaved legs and allegedly burned bras in their wake. But life has moved on. Sexualised images are everywhere, and the world that has emerged is one in which no one can afford to pretend beauty does not matter. Men too, having lost their monopoly of well-paid jobs, are investing in their erotic capital to enhance their appeal to mates and employers. They are marching off to gyms and discovering face cream in record numbers. Perhaps this explains Mona Lisa's bemused smile. They knew what was coming.
Almost a block of Victoria Street buildings would eventually have to go to make way for the park (file photo).
A riverside urban park has got a tick from the majority of Hamilton City councillors - and a budget trim.
Hamilton Mayor Andrew King proposed buying and bowling about a block of buildings to make the park in Victoria Street.
He'd proposed to start by spending $20m in the first five years to extend Victoria on the River, and removing more buildings.
HAMILTON CITY COUNCIL Several councillors disapproved of the spend when the city is facing a big rate rise (file photo).
On Thursday, Councillor Geoff Taylor suggested chopping that to $12m to make a start, and councillors voted 7-5 for that option.
READ MORE:
* Hamilton mayor wants to bowl a block of buildings for a central city park
* Hamilton's Victoria on the River nearing completion
* Hamilton mayor floats 16.5% rates rise
Before voting, councillors got a presentation on the urban park as part of their long-term plan deliberations.
HAMILTON CITY COUNCIL Restaurants and cafes would be cut into the bank below the park, Mayor Andrew King says (file photo).
Taylor said they immediately saw potential in the mayor's vision and businesses would like the focus area being more central than Ferrybank.
"I see it as an incredible opportunity in essence to move the River Plan ahead."
"I like the vision but I was concerned about the cost - the initial capital cost," they said.
"I preferred to put up a lower figure ... That reflects, for me, a more conservative take on it."
But the prospect of a big spend in the face of a rate rise and petrol tax worried several.
"I love the idea. I think the timing is completely, 100 per cent wrong," Councillor Mark Bunting said.
"We're just about to slam people with a 15-and-a-half per cent rates rise, we're about to slam them with a 10-cent fuel tax, which is going down like a cup of warm... whatever."
Is should go out for consultation though, they said.
"If the public like it, then I like it. If they don't like it, then I don't like it in this case. I'm pretty sure I know which way it's going to go."
Under King's proposal, council would have spent $20m in the first five years of the project.
Another $10m would have been spent removing buildings, and about $13m in building assets would have been written off.
King's vision is a central-city park with riverside views, between Victoria on the River and Embassy Park.
It would also have cafes and restaurants cut into the bank below it on the riverside, so as not to interrupt views.
Cr Leo Tooman said ratepayers might go to one of the cafes built into the park and have their eftpos card decline because of a 15.5 per cent rate increase.
Earlier, Cr Angela O'Leary had asked if this replaced the River Plan.
The plan stands until council makes a decision to revoke it, chief executive Richard Briggs said.
The mayor's proposal was described as a river plan extension, they said.
Councillors voted 7-5 to put the plan out for public consultation as part of the long-term plan.
Those against were Crs James Casson, Angela O'Leary, Rob Pascoe, Paula Southgate, and Leo Tooman.
Andy Rubin has only just announced their much-anticipated new smartphone, but their company may already be in legal hot water over the infringement of intellectual property. It's been brought to our attention that Spigen, the US case and accessory maker, already has a trademark for the term "Essential" and has written to Rubin's organization to contest its use. The letter firmly compels Rubin's fledgling company to "cease and desist from any and all uses of marks including the term "Essential"."
Spigen, Inc. successfully registered the trademark (Reg. No. 5014095) as early as August 2016. It's an International Class. 9 mark, the category which relates to computers and scientific devices, including smartphones and accessories. The trademark itself is incredibly broad, and Spigen seemingly only uses the designation for a range of battery packs and chargers, as well as some bluetooth headphones. Despite the vagueness, Essential's use of the name still presents potential confusion for consumers, which is exactly what Spigen is alleging.
Essential trademark refused because of likely confusion.
Essential had its own registration for the "Essential" term refused on the basis of likely confusion with Spigen's trademark. Moreover, a second attempt at instead registering company title "Essential Products" was also denied on the same grounds. Despite this, Rubin and co went ahead and used the name anyway, potentially infringing Spigen's intellectual property in the process. The latest development, as explained to us by a Spigen representative, is that the case maker has sent a cease and desist letter to Essential and is awaiting a response. You can view the letter in full below:
androidpolice on Scribd
It seems impossible that Essential wasn't aware of the conflicting trademark once its own was turned down, so its legal team must surely be expecting some action against them. It's also unlikely to simply give up the brand name it's spent so much money promoting, so we can perhaps expect a dramatic legal tussle unless a swift settlement is reached. Whether or not this will affect the launch of Essential's PH-1 device remains to be seen.
You can see other documents relating to the trademark below:
In the meantime, an Essential spokesperson responded to our inquiry with the following statement:
"Threat letters are commonplace in our sector. While it's Spigen's prerogative to make assertions, Essential believes they are without merit and will respond appropriately."
In other words, besides 🖕(ಠ_ಠ)🖕, Essential's response can be summarized as:
MARCH 13--Meet Stan Syring.
In need of a 16-foot trailer for a flat-bottom boat, the Iowa man went on Craigslist and posted an ad proposing a barter deal in the site's “For Sale/Wanted” section.
What Syring allegedly offered in exchange for the trailer resulted in their arrest this week, according to police.
The Craigslist post by Syring, a married, 37-year-old father, noted that the boat trailer was needed “asap,” and that the poster “will trade for sex if need be.”
After Marion Police Department officers learned of the online ad, they exchanged e-mails with the Craigslist poster discussing whether the offered act would be oral or anal sex. The parties agreed that detail would be settled when they met in person, according to police.
During a subsequent meeting with a male undercover officer, Syring “offered their services as a partner in a sex act in exchange for a boat trailer,” according to a District Court criminal complaint.
Investigators allege that Syring also agreed to give the cop $25 (in addition to the sex act, which is not further described in court papers). A used 16-foot boat trailer typically sells for several hundred dollars.
Syring was subsequently arrested and charged with prostitution. They were booked Monday into the Linn County jail on the misdemeanor count, and was released from custody the following day. (1 page)
Getty Images
Any NFL coach who misses the playoffs for two straight seasons has to know that he's on the hot seat. But after missing the playoffs last year, Jets coach Rex Ryan says they don't see any way he's getting fired.
Asked on the Michael Kay Show about the possibility that they could be gone if this season is as disappointing as last season, Ryan said they don't think so.
“I know I'm a great coach, and what makes me a great coach is the guys that coach with me and the guys that play for me,” Ryan said. “It's hard for me to look at myself as not being successful. I don't see that as a possibility. One day, it might be 10 years from now or 15 years from now when Woody Johnson wants to go in a different direction, and that's fine.”
Say this for Ryan: Their confidence hasn't flagged after an 8-8 season and an offseason in which the Jets have been the subject of constant criticism. And their job probably isn't in jeopardy this year. But he's going to have to prove he's a great coach if they want to stick around another 10 or 15 years.
Orphan Black has cloned itself another season.
BBC America has renewed the critically hailed sci-fi series led by Tatiana Maslany for a third season, greenlighting 10 more episodes for a spring 2015 premiere. Production on the new season kicks off in Toronto in September.
PHOTOS Broadcast TV's Returning Shows 2014-15
The one-hour clone drama has become a crucial benchmark for the cable network as it expands its foothold in original scripted programming beyond British staple Doctor Who. Orphan Black has attracted more that its share of accolades since its March 2013 launch, earning Maslany — who plays nearly a dozen characters — a Golden Globe nomination and honors from the Critics' Choice TV Awards, TCA Awards and Canadian Screen Awards. This year, Orphan Black added a Peabody Award to its trophy case.
Orphan Black's season-two premiere on April 19 lured 1.24 million viewers, and its adults 18-49 demographic viewership jumped 91 percent to 746,000 with live-plus-3 DVR factored in. The premiere's total audience increased to nearly 1.6 million with the DVR boost while the season-two finale hit a series high in live-plus-7, drawing 1.4 million viewers. The series, along with Doctor Who, contributed to BBC America's best year ratingswise to date.
Orphan Black is produced by Temple Street Productions, in association with BBC America and Canada's Space. The series is co-created by Graeme Manson and John Fawcett, with Manson also serving as writer and Fawcett as director. In addition to Maslany, the main cast includes Jordan Gavaris, Dylan Bruce, Kevin Hanchard, Maria Doyle Kennedy and Evelyne Brochu.
Following the season-two finale, Fawcett told the The Hollywood Reporter that the final episode, which ended with Mark (Ari Millen) as a male clone, "put in motion" the new season. "A lot of the things that we put in motion at the end of season two are obviously big story components going forward and new pieces to the puzzle," they said at the time. "We believe in giving the audience answers, but we have our mysteries and we want to earn the answers. This is kind of a new aspect to the larger puzzle that is Orphan Black."
Also in the BBC America pipeline for 2015: the second season of British drama Broadchurch, which returns stars David Tennant, Olivia Colman, Jodie Whittaker, Arthur Darvill and Andrew Buchan. Tennant also toplines Fox's Broadchurch adaptation, Gracepoint, which hits U.S. television this fall.
Additionally, the cable network has commissioned two dramas: the eight-episode Tatau, from the producers of Being Human, and the previously announced eight-episode The Last Kingdom, a historical series based on Bernard Cornwell's best-selling series of novels The Saxon Stories.
Jodie Whittaker, Andrew Buchan and Arthur Darvill.
Email: Philiana.Ng@THR.com
Twitter: @insidethetube
I had intended to use this final column before the presidential election to explain at length why I cannot vote for either Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump and plan to vote for Gary Johnson for president. In a nutshell, big government is our biggest problem. It thrives on more debt, more taxes, more regulations, more war, a secretive deep state and less personal freedom. Both Clinton and Trump would grow the government. Only Johnson would shrink it.
One of the most dangerous tendencies of big government is the generation of a police state—wherein laws, rules and procedures are primarily written and can often be bent to aid law enforcement when it is encroaching on our personal freedoms. We saw a terrifying example of that last week when FBI Director James Comey behaved as if they were their most infamous predecessor, J. Edgar Hoover.
Here is the backstory.
Late last week, in an effort to redeem themselves from the consequences of having ignored a mountain of evidence of guilt against former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton last summer, Comey told Congress in a cryptic letter that the FBI would resume investigating their emails based upon the belief that more of them may be located in the laptop of disgraced former Rep. Anthony Weiner (D-NY). Weiner is the alleged sexual predator who remains the estranged husband of Huma Abedin, one of Clinton's closest aides. Abedin backed up all their emails onto the laptop that they and their husband shared.
At the time they sent their Friday letter, Comey had not yet seen the contents of the Weiner laptop because the search warrant authorizing FBI agents to access its contents was not signed until Sunday. If they saw something incriminating before they wrote their letter, they saw it unlawfully; yet their duty was to bring what they saw to the Department of Justice (DOJ), for which they work, not to hint about it publicly to Congress.
Comey's progress report to Congress is prohibited by the internal regulations of the DOJ and the FBI—and by the canons of legal ethics that regulate lawyers. Comey had no obligation to send the letter at any time; moreover, sending it last week was a direct violation of DOJ and FBI rules that prohibit all public announcements about candidates for public office within 60 days of Election Day.
Comey told FBI staffers early this week that they sent the letter because they felt duty-bound to members of a congressional committee to whom they had given a promise that they would keep them informed of the status of the email investigation. That was a troublesome promise because its compliance violated other duties imposed upon Comey. Worse than making a promise and not keeping it is making a promise that should not be kept.
The genesis of all this was Comey's unprecedented news conference on July 5, at which they announced that no charges would be filed against Clinton because no prosecutor would take the case. That was not an announcement for them to make. The FBI's job is to gather facts and present them to the DOJ, not to make legal evaluations. They made their announcement when they did to head off the behavior of some of their agents who were seeking Clinton's medical records, unlawfully, from the National Security Agency to ascertain the gravity of their head injury—an injury they posited during their FBI interrogation as the reason for their professed memory loss.
I have argued that Comey's July 5 decision was dead wrong; there is a mountain of evidence with which to indict and convict Clinton on espionage charges. Yet it should have been presented to a grand jury—it was not—rather than at a news conference. The July 5 announcement was bizarre in that it not only exonerated Clinton but also described the quantity and quality of the evidence against them This insulted the agents who worked on the case and produced the lowest collective FBI morale since Watergate. If Comey sent their Friday letter to address the problems they caused by their July 5 announcement, they did the wrong thing for the wrong reasons.
But perhaps the gravest of Comey's violations is that of the constitutional guarantee of due process. The essence of due process is notice and fairness. How exquisitely unfair of Comey to say, in effect, "We have something that warrants investigation of you, yet we don't know its significance, so we can't say what it is." This is reminiscent of Franz Kafka's The Trial, in which the lead character is being pursued for a year on unnamed charges, against which they cannot defend himself.
In their play A Man for All Seasons, Robert Bolt shows Sir Thomas More arguing with William Roper, a colleague, who suggests that government lawbreaking can be justified for the greater good, particularly if the target is the devil (which Trump has called Clinton). More demolishes that argument in a few now iconic lines: "And when the last law was down, and the Devil turned round on you—where would you hide, Roper, the laws all being flat? This country's planted thick with laws from coast to coast—man's laws, not God's—and if you cut them down, and you're just the man to do it, d'you really think you could stand upright in the winds that would blow then? Yes, I'd give the Devil benefit of law, for my own safety's sake."
To my friends who have rejoiced in James Comey's letter, please take warning that, as More accurately predicted, the tables can be turned. If there is any moral lesson in all this, it is that the history of human freedom consists of paying careful attention to constitutional guarantees and legal protections, no matter the reputation of the accused.
COPYRIGHT 2016 ANDREW P. NAPOLITANO
There's nothing like getting free of BREE. From the former chief economist and head of the Australian Bureau of Resources and Energy Economics, Quentin Grafton:
…says the economy faces a painful downturn in 2015 as a property crisis in China accelerates the biggest hit to Australia's export income in more than two decades.
They said falling prices for coal and iron ore, a slump in business investment, an overpriced housing market and high dollar had placed the Reserve Bank of Australia “between a rock and a hard place”. “Put all those things together and it could be a difficult ride for us,” they said. “This isn't about doom and gloom – it's about looking at the risks and numbers. There's a clear and present danger.”
…Professor Grafton, now at the Australian National University's Crawford School of Public Policy after heading the Federal Bureau of Resources and Energy Economics between 2011 and 2013, called for renewed focus on regulating the banking sector to head off potential problems, reforming taxes and fixing budget problems.
“There's a whole range of things we need to be thinking through and we do need to do it sooner rather than later given there are very real risks,” they said.
“I'm really concerned about 2015 – investment growth is coming down substantially, we have asset prices at record highs and we do seem to have a high dollar that's put the Reserve Bank between a rock and hard place. And then there's China.
A Superior Court ruling means the public could soon know more about what police allege the men accused in the Via Rail terror plot were planning before they were arrested. That information, contained in documents used to obtain search warrants for the properties of Chiheb Esseghaier and Raed Jaser, has been kept secret under a sealing order since they were arrested April 22 in Toronto and Montreal. The Star and other media outlets have been fighting in court to make the documents public. A decision delivered by senior regional Justice Bruce Durno last week — which could not be published until now — means some of that information could soon be released after media lawyers argued the public has a right to know what evidence police had against the two men. Some details will remain secret under a publication ban. Durno's decision also contradicts the interpretation of the same law used by a lower court judge to prevent similar disclosure of search warrant information in Project Traveller, a Toronto guns and gangs sweep that may have links to Mayor Rob Ford. The terror plot arrests came after an RCMP investigation dubbed Project Smooth, done in collaboration with CSIS, the FBI, police forces in Toronto and Montreal and other agencies. The two men stand accused of plotting a terrorist attack on a New York-to-Toronto passenger train, and they face numerous terrorism-related charges including conspiring to murder for the benefit of a terrorist group.
Article Continued Below
Project Traveller targeted an alleged gang linked to the Dixon Rd. community in Toronto, and a guns and drugs smuggling ring that stretched as far as Windsor and Edmonton. In court on that case, media lawyers argued the public has a right to scrutinize the information police used to obtain dozens of warrants and see what links if any there are to the mayor after the Star published a report about a video showing Ford smoking what appears to be crack cocaine. Arguments in that case centred on whether the Criminal Code allowed for information gained through a wiretap to be disclosed if it had been previously detailed by police to obtain search warrants.
That hinged on whether a judge believed that process to obtain a search warrant was a “criminal proceeding” or not. During that court fight, Crown Attorney Jeffrey Levy argued it was not a criminal proceeding and that disclosing the wiretap information would therefore be a criminal offence. Ontario Court Justice Philip Downes agreed the wiretap information could not be released. The document that was made public last week remained heavily censored with nearly 100 of 119 pages almost entirely blacked out. But Durno, who had to consider the interpretation of the same law, ruled that such information could be disclosed if it was previously used to obtain search warrants.
Article Continued Below
“The contents are included in sworn affidavits of police officers. They were given in a criminal proceeding and must be under oath,” Durno wrote. “I am also persuaded that the further disclosure would not breach s. 193 for the same reasons because the section permits the private communications to be disclosed in search warrant applications that are presumptively open to the public through this route.” The position of the federal Crown, Sarah Shaikh, was that some portions of the documents could be released to the public, but others should remain sealed. Jaser's lawyer, John Norris, argued against the immediate unsealing of the documents, saying their release could compromise their client's right to a fair trial. “Durno (is) one of the most experienced judges there is and clearly had no difficulty finding that it was a criminal proceeding,” said the Star's lawyer, Ryder Gilliland, who made arguments in the Project Traveller case. “It's 100 per cent what we argued.” Media lawyers are now preparing to file for a judicial review of Downes' decision, which could see a Superior Court judge side with Durno's interpretation. In the Project Traveller case the media have also sought access to some 40 other search warrants, half of which the Crown says are censored under that same wiretap exclusion. The timeline for releasing search warrant information in the terror plot case will be discussed between Durno and lawyers soon. Some parts will remain sealed to protect innocent parties or the ongoing trial.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping after a group picture a summit in Goa, India, October 16, 2016. Thomson Reuters
Chinese and Indian troops are readying themselves for a possible armed conflict in the event they fail in their efforts to achieve a peaceful resolution to their border dispute on the Doklam plateau in the Himalayas, observers said.
On Friday, India's defence minister Arun Jaitley told parliament that the country's armed forces are "prepared to take on any eventuality" of the stand-off, Indian Express reported the same day.
Sources close to the Chinese military, meanwhile, said that the People's Liberation Army is increasingly aware of the possibility of war, but will aim to limit any conflict to the level of skirmishes, such as those contested by India and Pakistan in Kashmir.
"The PLA will not seek to fight a ground war with Indian troops early on. Instead it will deploy aircraft and strategic missiles to paralyse Indian mountain divisions stationed in the Himalayas on the border with China," a military insider told the South China Morning Post on condition of anonymity, adding that they believe Indian troops will probably hold out for "no more than a week."
Another military source said that officers and troops from the Western Theatre Command have already been told to prepare for war with India over the Doklam crisis.
"There is a voice within the army telling it to fight because it was Indian troops that intruded into Chinese territory in Donglang [Doklam]," the second source said. "Such a voice is supported by the public."
Soldiers of the People's Liberation Army (PLA) of China in armored vehicles at Tiananmen Square during a military parade marking the 70th anniversary of the end of World War II, in Beijing, September 3, 2015 Reuters
Both sources said that China's military believes any conflict will be controlled, and not spill over into other disputed areas, of which there are currently three along the 2,000km border between the two Asian giants.
However, Indian defence experts warned that once the first shot is fired, the conflict may escalate into full-scale war. That in turn could result in New Delhi blockading China's maritime lifeline in the Indian Ocean.
"Any Chinese military adventurism will get a fitting reply from the Indian military," Dr Rajeev Ranjan Chaturvedy, a research associate at the Institute of South Asian Studies at the National University of Singapore, told the Post.
"Certainly, it will be detrimental for both, but if Beijing escalates [the conflict], it will not be limited. Perhaps, it may extend to the maritime domain as well," they said.
"If China engages in a military offensive against India, New Delhi will take all necessary measures ... [and will] respond to Chinese actions in its own way. Why only a border war? It could escalate to a full-scale India-China war," they said.
Employees stand in front of the Indian navy's first Scorpene submarine before being undocked from Mazagon Docks, a naval-vessel ship-building yard, in Mumbai, April 6, 2015. REUTERS/Shailesh Andrade/File
Rajeswari Rajagopalan, a defence analyst from the Observer Research Foundation think tank in New Delhi, said that "in the event of a full-scale war, definitely India's navy will prevent the Chinese navy from moving into the Bay of Bengal or the Indian Ocean."
China is heavily reliant on imported fuel and, according to figures published by state media, more than 80 per cent of its oil imports travel via the Indian Ocean or Strait of Malacca.
Beijing-based naval expert Li Jie said that India in 2010 established a naval base in the Andaman and Nicobar Islands, close to the Strait of Malacca, where the narrowest sea channel is just 1.7km wide.
"Since 2010, India has also upgraded two airstrips on the islands to serve fighters and reconnaissance aircraft," they said.
"All these moves pave the way for India to be able to blockade Chinese military and commercial ships from entering the Indian Ocean in the event of a naval conflict between the two countries."
Christopher Woody/Google Maps
In July, India, the United States and Japan completed their 10-day Malabar 2017 naval exercise in the Bay of Bengal, while around the same time the US approved the US$365-million sale of military transport aircraft to India and a US$2-billion deal for surveillance drones.
As a result, the Indian navy now has eight Boeing P-8A Poseidon submarine hunters patrolling in the Indian Ocean.
Chinese and Indian troops fought a war in 1962 after a series of skirmishes heightened tensions on the border. That conflict ended largely in a stalemate, despite China's large military advantage.
However, Chaturvedy said that India has learnt lessons from its past mistakes and is now better prepared to defend itself against China.
Macau-based military expert Antony Wong Dong said that both sides have underestimated each other.
"If the border conflict expands to the sea, it will be very difficult for the PLA to defeat the Indian navy, whose capabilities are much stronger after the purchase of the P-8A Poseidon submarine hunters," they said.
Some are calling it a hambush.
In jolly old Manchester, England, police reported that an 86-year-old woman was ambushed after withdrawing a large amount of cash from an ATM.
And in a “tail” as old as time, someone tried to steal their money. Luckily, when the female thief grabbed for the woman's cash, they were armed and ready.
They had a packet of bacon they had just procured from the grocery store.
The intended victim grabbed their bacon, pummeling the would-be snatcher until they ran away like greased lightening. Turns out, bacon was extra bad for this assailant's health.
Police investigated, learning quickly that the smoking gun in this case was actually smoked meat.
The story was posted on the Manchester police Facebook page, bringing many word puns and apt comments like “Someone contact the Americans and let them know there is another way!”
Doctors say bacon can put you in the hospital, apparently in this case it could also have landed someone in jail.
Termination of Winnebago Indian Health Services Hospital's contract with Medicare could be delayed if the facility takes steps to address problems, a federal official said Friday.
For the second time in two years, Winnebago Indian Health Services Hospital faces the possibility of losing its Medicare certification, a spokesperson with the federal agency that oversees the programs said Thursday.
1 dead, 9 endangered
The report by the U.S. Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Service said Winnebago Indian Health Services Hospital failed to provide adequate treatment and extended care for 10 of 30 patients randomly selected by the federal organization.
Patient No. 2: A physician did not provide further treatment on Jan. 22 to stabilize a 15-month-old's rapid breathing and other respiratory problems after a nurse administered ibuprofen for a fever. The patient was transferred to a Sioux City hospital.
Patient No. 3: A 60-year-old reported chest pain and a cough on June 14, 2014. The patient was treated for their cough and discharged. The man reported chest pain on July 3, 2014. No medical screening was conducted, and they were sent home. They visited the hospital two more times that day and learned they had symptoms consistent with heart failure.
Patient No. 6: A 6-month-old patient, brought to the emergency room by the mother, did not receive treatment by a physician for respiratory problems.
Patient No. 7: A 30-year-old did not receive proper treatment on May 4 for alcohol withdrawal symptoms.
Patient No. 8: Hospital staff was unable to read a fetal monitor strip on May 5 for a 28-year-old, who was 36 weeks pregnant.
Patient No. 14: A physician failed to resolve a hypertension issue on March 16 for a 32-year-old patient with a cut to the left pointer finger.
Patient No. 18: A physician discharged a 28-year-old woman, who was 14 weeks pregnant, when staff could not find a fetal heart tone with equipment on April 12. No further work was completed. The woman was told to drive to a Sioux City hospital.
Patient No. 22: A 30-year-old woman, who was 25 weeks pregnant, was discharged and sent home on May 10 when hospital staff could not accurately determine fetal heart rate or contraction patterns using fetal monitoring strips. Staff later learned dates on the fetal monitoring strips were incorrect.
Patient No. 28: A 38-year-old was discharged May 4 with an ankle fracture. Hospital staff did not know its severity because of an inadequate X-ray treatment.
Patient No. 29: A 59-year-old man reported extreme back pain on Dec. 17, 2014. The man was prescribed medication for their back. A staff member left them a voicemail on Dec. 20, 1014, saying that the man's kidneys were failing. The man died Jan. 1 at their sister's house.
Check out this fantastic video on professional pickpocket Apollo Robbins (pictured above) — a man so talented at their craft, psychiatrists, neuroscientists, and the military have studied their techniques for what they reveal about the nature of human attention.
Robbins' act (and it is an act; this slight-of-hand artist has put their talents to use through showmanship rather than outright thievery) is exquisite. Just watch:
Adam Green talks about Robbins and their "almost supernatural" gift for misdirection in this excellent feature for The New Yorker:
Robbins, who is thirty-eight and lives in Las Vegas, is a peculiar variety-arts hybrid, known in the trade as a theatrical pickpocket. Among their peers, they are widely considered the best in the world at what they do, which is taking things from people's jackets, pants, purses, wrists, fingers, and necks, then returning them in amusing and mind-boggling ways. Robbins works smoothly and invisibly, with a diffident charm that belies their talent for larceny. One senses that they would prosper on the other side of the law. "You have to ask yourself one question," they often say as they hold up a wallet or a watch that they have just swiped. "Am I being paid enough to give it back?"
In more than a decade as a full-time entertainer, Robbins has taken (and returned) a lot of stuff, including items from well-known figures in the worlds of entertainment (Jennifer Garner, actor: engagement ring); sports (Charles Barkley, former N.B.A. star: wad of cash); and business (Ace Greenberg, former chairperson of Bear Stearns: Patek Philippe watch).  They are probably best known for an encounter with Jimmy Carter's Secret Service detail in 2001. While Carter was at dinner, Robbins struck up a conversation with several of their Secret Service men. Within a few minutes, they had emptied the agents' pockets of pretty much everything but their guns. Robbins brandished a copy of Carter's itinerary, and when an agent snatched it back they said, "You don't have the authorization to see that!" When the agent felt for their badge, Robbins produced it and handed it back. Then they turned to the head of the detail and handed them their watch, their badge, and the keys to the Carter motorcade.
In magic circles, Robbins is regarded as a kind of legend, though they largely remain, as the magician Paul Harris told me, "the best-kept secret in town." Their talent, however, has started gaining notice further afield. Recently, psychiatrists, neuroscientists, and the military have studied their methods for what they reveal about the nature of human attention. Teller [of Penn & Teller], a good friend of Robbins's, believes that widespread recognition is only a matter of time. "The popularity of crime as a sort of romantic thing in America is profoundly significant, and Apollo is tapping into that," they told me. "If you think about it, magic itself has many of the hallmarks of criminal activity: You lie, you cheat, you try not to get caught-but it's on a stage, it has a proscenium around it. When Apollo walks onstage, there's a sense that they might have one foot outside the proscenium. They take a low crime and turns it into an art form."
The new Sony HDR-MV1 is a camcorder designed and engineered specifically for musicians that is ideal for band rehearsals, practice sessions and live gigs. It records CD quality audio in uncompressed Linear PCM or internet-ready AAC and also offers full HD video.
The portable MV1 music video recorder captures audio with its 120-degree X/Y stereo microphone, and for extra versatility, external microphones or instruments can be connected directly to the device. The camera also includes on-board speakers. Along with the audio capabilities, the MV1 records Full HD 1920×1080/30P HD video, with the help of an Exmor R CMOS Sensor and a wide-angle 120-degree Carl Zeiss lens.
The HDR-MV1 camcorder features Audio Lip Sync to match the music with the video playback. It offers a manual or auto audio level control with an on-screen meter to monitor the input levels. A built-in Wi-Fi allows sharing the audio or video recorded, and also allows controlling the camera with a compatible device.
The new HDR-MV1 Music Video Recorder from Sony will be available in December for a suggested retail price of $300. The camcorder and its accessories will be sold at http://store.sony.com.
Regulation: The administration finally has released its rules for curbing CO2 emissions from U.S. power plants. Far from being a plan to clean up the environment, it is in fact a road map to de-industrialization and poverty.
The tough new rules that will limit carbon dioxide output from new power plants immediately drew protests from the power industry. No surprise. But if Americans really understood what Obama is doing, they'd be up in arms, too.
Far from being an economically sensible plan to reduce U.S. pollution, this proposal will sharply raise the cost of energy to all Americans, while doing little to improve our environment.
Last year, the Institute for Energy Research estimated that the administration's "regulatory assault" on power plants would eliminate 35 gigawatts of electrical generating capacity — or 10% of all U.S. power.
The new EPA rules will make that even worse. If you wonder why Obama has the worst jobs record of any president in modern history, look no further.
"We know this is not just about melting glaciers," said Environmental Protection Agency chief Gina McCarthy in announcing the rules Friday. They linked climate change to a host of spurious public health threats.
Yet just one day earlier, appearing before a congressional committee, McCarthy admitted that even though the EPA already has extensive rules in place to curb greenhouse-gas emissions, they had no evidence that they had done anything to halt global warming.
This is a stunning admission that these regulations aren't about climate change at all, but rather part of an ideologically driven fight to tear the capitalist heart out of western civilization — plentiful energy, source of our highest-ever standard of living.
Worse, lying about the public health benefits ignores the real costs that come with the new regulations. Many big companies, faced with soaring costs for energy, will simply relocate plants and high-paying jobs overseas.
As the Wall Street Journal reported last week, iconic U.S. aluminum company Alcoa Inc. is moving production and jobs to other countries, in large part due to growing regulations and sharply higher energy costs.
This will be increasingly common, as will energy shortages around the country.
"If the carbon dioxide emissions standard for power plants proposed by the EPA today is enacted, the United States will have built its final coal-fired power plant," the Competitive Enterprise Institute said.
This isn't hyperbole. The EPA says its actions won't cost anything — but will in fact help the power industry grow. This is plainly absurd.
New coal-fired plants will be forced to use technology to trap carbon dioxide and bury it in the ground. Problem is, as the Associated Press notes, "No coal-fired power plant has done this yet, in large part because of the cost." Nor, we might add, do we have the technology needed to pull it off.
The U.S. has hundreds of years worth of low-cost coal to supply our energy needs. Now it'll be off limits, thanks to another federal edict that will cost the economy hundreds of billions of dollars and millions of jobs.
While Fox's ‘Gotham‘ has always been about developing Batman's future rogue gallery, it seems as if the third season will actually put a young Bruce Wayne on their path to becoming The Dark Knight. In a recent interview with series producer Ken Woodruff, they state this doesn't change the focus of the show but does share some insight as to how Bruce's life will be going forward. With Bruce still being such a young character, there are potentially years before we would first see them don the cape and cowl and I suspect that much like ‘Smallville' this isn't an avenue they would fully be exploring until the series is coming to a close.
With Bruce still being such a young character, there are potentially years before we would first see them don the cape and cowl and I suspect that much like ‘Smallville' this isn't an avenue they would fully be exploring until the series is coming to a close.
I'm sure a few early examples of their heroism and plan to clean up ‘Gotham' will shine continue to shine through but that isn't the focus of the show.
To many the development will be welcome and according to Woodruff:
“Our actor [is] turning 16, so he's getting close. We're not quite getting to the point of Batman, but we're really focusing on trying to get to see different sides of Bruce Wayne and to lay the foundation for all those Batman things. He's going to be much more active. Near the end of last season, they spent time on the streets with Selina Kyle. We didn't show a lot of that, but this year we're going to show what the gains from that experience were — learning how to pick locks, break into things, be silent like a bat. We definitely wanted to show that progression for Bruce.”
I'm curious as to how deeply they will delve into The Caped Crusader's actual origin here though at the very least some of the aspects of their expertise will be explained here.
Are you looking forward to tonight's season premiere of the third season of ‘Gotham'? Do you think showing more on Bruce evolving Batman will help push the series forward? Share your thoughts below!
‘Gotham' starring Ben McKenzie, Donal Logue, David Mazouz, Sean Pertwee, Camren Bicondova, Cory Michael Smith, Morena Baccarin, Chris Chalk, and Robin Lord Taylor returns to Fox on Monday, September 19, 2016 at 8:00pm.
Source: Screen Rant
Stuart Conover is an author, blogger, and all around geek. When not busy being a father and husband they try to spend as much time as possible immersed in comic books, science fiction, and horror! Would you like to know more? Follow them on Twitter!
Your browser does not support inline frames or is currently configured not to display inline frames. Content can be viewed at actual source page: http://youtu.be/c0P-NTecANM Video by Nicholas Mcvicker
How San Diego Lost A Tech Unicorn GUEST: David Wagner, KPBS technology reporter
Transcript for audioclip 30687
In folklore, the unicorn is a mythical creature. But in the startup world, it's a very real beast.
In this context, "unicorns" are privately held companies valued at $1 billion or more. The term has been applied to billion-dollar startups because such companies were once thought to be rare. But today, the San Francisco Bay Area alone is home to more than 50 unicorns.
Meanwhile, the San Diego region — which some local startup workers have been calling "the next Silicon Valley" — has actually lost one of the few unicorns it had.
Walking into the corporate headquarters of Razer is probably as close as you'll get to walking into the movie "Tron." Everything here glows.
Razer makes high-end computer gear, and they use colorful, pulsating lights to bring a distinctive look to their mouses, laptops and keyboards.
"When you hit a key, it kind of lights up and slowly fades out afterwards," said Kevin Sather, a product marketing director at Razer. "As you're typing really fast you get this really cool visual."
Customers aren't buying Razer products just for the pretty lights. They're buying Razer gear because it's designed with video gamers in mind.
A Razer keyboard in 'reactive mode'
In many games, the difference between winning and losing is measured in split seconds. Elite pro gamers and casual players alike want faster reaction times out of every keystroke and mouse click. Sather said a meticulously engineered, mechanical Razer keyboard gives them a competitive edge.
"When you're casting a spell or you're reloading your weapon, you want to be as precise as possible," they said. "Minimizing the variation in where that keystroke registers is critically important for gamers."
Razer products tend to have a lot more features than your typical office keyboard or mouse. Company spokesperson Kevin Scarpati said their popular Naga mouse, designed for massively multiplayer online games like "World of Warcraft," is a good example.
"The mouse has 17 buttons on it," Scarpati said. "When we came up with it, we had no idea it would do as well as it did because nobody had ever made a mouse with that many buttons before."
Sales are brisk enough that Razer is now venturing into brick-and-mortar retail. Earlier this year, the company opened its first physical store in San Francisco. Today, Razer is reportedly worth over $1 billion, making it a bonafide tech unicorn.
The company was founded in San Diego in 2005. But about a year ago it pulled up stakes, moving its headquarters from Carlsbad to Irvine. Scarpati said Orange County, with its huge concentration of gaming companies, is just a better fit for Razer.
"We got a fantastic opportunity up here. And while we were sad to leave San Diego, it made sense as a business," they said.
Razer's new office is just across the street from "World of Warcraft" developer Blizzard Entertainment. The company can recruit from a larger talent pool here, and its spacious new office has more room for growth than its old Carlsbad office.
Scarpati said the San Diego region's business community didn't do anything to push Razer away, but it made sense to relocate.
"Being in such a great area was great for the company for many years," they said. "Certainly being in Irvine and having a nice office space and being able to draw from larger talent pools, it's great to be up here as well."
Lately, some local startup scene boosters have been calling San Diego the next Silicon Valley. But tallying up the unicorns in each region reveals a huge disparity.
The Bay Area has dozens of unicorns. With Razer now gone, the San Diego region has only a few known unicorns. One of them is Human Longevity, Inc., a company run by J. Craig Venter, who played a key role in sequencing the first human genome.
Another, Samumed, is targeting specific genes to develop treatments for baldness, arthritis and other cosmetic and medical conditions.
"We'd love to have more unicorn companies here, of course we would," said Mike Krenn, president of the San Diego Venture Group. "But that said I don't think you count that against San Diego. It's not everything to have a bunch of unicorn companies."
Krenn said not all unicorns actually turn out to be worth a billion dollars (ahem, Theranos). They said Bay Area venture capitalists tell them valuations there are getting too high. They worry some companies are chasing unicorn status at the expense of building a solid business.
Krenn thinks there are a few reasons why San Diego doesn't have more billion-dollar startups. Companies here don't tend to be as consumer-oriented as Bay Area unicorns such as Uber and Airbnb. And successful local companies often get acquired before achieving sky-high valuations.
Krenn would've loved to see Razer stay in Carlsbad. But they understand why the company moved: It was lured by another region's stronger gaming industry cluster. They hope San Diego's growing industry clusters will bring other types of unicorns here.
"If it was best for them to move to Irvine, then they should move to Irvine," Krenn said. "Hopefully, it reciprocates the other way around. If you're a good genomics company, you're going to come to San Diego."
It's not like Razer moved far. Many employees still commute from North County. The company is also very much a global operation. Close to 100 employees work in Irvine, but Razer also has offices in San Francisco, Germany and throughout Asia.
But the company no longer has any physical presence in San Diego County. For San Diego's aspiring game industry workers who can't make the commute, their dream of working at one of the few companies where gaming at your desk won't get you fired may now be out of reach.
Correction: An earlier radio version of this story said San Diego is home to one unicorn company: Human Longevity, Inc. The audio has been updated to reflect the fact that San Diego has more than one known unicorn company.
To view PDF documents, Download Acrobat Reader.
Last updated at 4:49 p.m. ET May 21, 2014, with response from the Key West Police Department
Florida authorities are investigating the death of a man in Key West after they were arrested by police.
The Michigan retiree moved to the island paradise for sun and sand, but that came to a sudden end after a routine traffic stop.
Key West is known for its relaxed, worry-free manner, but one family is raising concerns about city police after conflicting reports of Charles Eimers' death.
At the southern tip of Florida lies an island paradise, best known for its beaches, bars and laid-back lifestyle. It was a dream retirement for Eimers, 61, after more than 20 years as an autoworker, CBS News' Elaine Quijano reports.
Treavor Eimers, Charles Eimers' son, said, "He wanted to come south to warmer weather and walk on the beach."
It was a dream that proved deadly after a Thanksgiving Day encounter with Key West police.
Treavor Eimers said, "He was murdered by those officers."
Asked if they believe there was a cover-up, Treavor Eimers said, "In the aftermath, yeah, definitely."
Eimers had just arrived from Michigan when Key West police pulled them over in front of a Pizza Hut for reckless driving. According to police, they fled the scene and several officers followed them to a beach.
Though Eimers had previous run-ins the with the law, including arrests for domestic abuse and theft back in the '90s, Treavor Eimers can't understand how a routine traffic stop led to their father's death.
Official documents obtained by CBS News offer differing accounts of Eimers' encounter with police and what happened next. In the police report, Eimers was charged with resisting an officer "with violence."
But officers on the scene told paramedics a different story. An EMS report indicates Key West police told paramedics that Eimers left their vehicle and ran, then collapsed on the beach. They never regained consciousness.
Hospital records say that Eimers "was found without a pulse by police" and later died at the hospital from lack of oxygen to the brain.
But a cell phone video - shot by a bystander and released nearly two weeks after the arrest - shows none of those versions are accurate. Eimers can be seen walking away from their car and surrendering before police approach with guns drawn.
Treavor Eimers said, "I watched the video, and I had no words. Everything that I was told while I was here was a lie."
Key West Police Chief Donald Lee Jr. said, "We need to investigate. We need to get the facts and then, you know, deal with those facts, whatever they may be."
There are other indications that Key West police did not follow proper procedures after taking Eimers into custody.
Even though police and the hospital had Eimers' information - their address and driver's license were listed on their reports - their family was not notified until four days after Eimers was transported unconscious from the beach to the hospital and put on life support.
A detective present during the incident had been tasked with notifying the family, but they did not. When their supervisors asked why, they said it was because Eimers hadn't died yet.
Treavor Eimers, a former critical care nurse, told doctors to take Eimers off life support.
Asked what they thought would happen next, Treavor Eimers said, "I didn't even wonder or ask questions about an autopsy. I just believed that that was going to happen."
Under Florida law, an autopsy is required on anyone who dies in police custody. But Eimers almost didn't get one. Instead of being sent to the medical examiner's office, their body ended up at a funeral home and was almost cremated.
Police Chief Lee admits that's not normal protocol.
"Law enforcement would notify, usually, probably the medical examiner," they said. "But, again, without knowing exactly what happened, I'd hate to speculate."
When an autopsy was finally performed, initial results showed Eimers had 10 fractured ribs and bruises and abrasions on their wrists from handcuffs.
Eimers' family said the hospital and the medical examiner both told them that there were no signs of a heart attack.
Treavor Eimers said, "I believe that my father was asphyxiated on the beach in Key West by the officers involved that day."
Five days after the incident, several officers submitted supplemental reports emphasizing that Eimers resisted arrest - so much that one "officer's finger got caught in the handcuffs" during the struggle.
Lee said, "We want to be able to provide answers to the Eimers family. We want to provide answers to this community. And we want the police officers who are involved to be able to move on from this situation as well."
Treavor Eimers said, "We miss our dad; we miss them a lot. My dad may not be able to say anything now, but he's speaking loud and clear."
The Florida Department of Law Enforcement (FDLE) has opened an investigation into the case, but the family is raising concerns about a possible conflict of interest, Quijano reports. The state's lead investigator used to be married to the supervisor of the officers involved. All of those officers are still on active duty.
In response to this report, Key West police issued the following statement:
The department cannot comment on an open investigation. Until FDLE completes its investigation regarding the December 2013 death of Charles Eimers, the Key West Police Department will continue to refrain from speculation. Once the FDLE makes its criminal findings, the Key West Police Department will then conduct an internal affair investigation to ensure that the officers involved conducted themselves within the policies of the department. The department is anxious to see this investigation completed so that we can provide answers to the Eimers family and to the community.
Pending completion of the FDLE investigation, the Eimers family is waiting for answers, unable to even collect life insurance until the official report is released. Eimers' children hired attorneys who have filed a lawsuit against the Key West Police Department and the officers involved, but those attorneys are still seeking access to dashboard camera videos from police and the witnesses who were at a nearby restaurant that Thanksgiving Day.
Lead attorney and Key West native Darren Horan, with the law firm Horan, Wallace and Higgins, told CBS News they understand why some witnesses might be afraid to come forward.
"At first, we were hesitant to take the case," said Horan. "We're a small island, a small bubble. It's one of those things where there's always a fear of what could possibly happen if you get involved. There were a few days of discussion and realized if anyone was going to do it, it had to be us."
Treavor Eimers hopes people will hear their father's story and come forward.
"I would say that if you were there or you have video or you had any personal contact with that situation on the beach that day," said Treavor Eimers, "please come forward and make a difference for my father, for their children, for their brothers and sisters, for every life they ever touched."
Dr Taylor, a long standing member of the government's drugs advisory council, quit just hours before Alan Johnson, the Home Secretary, was expected to announce that the legal high drug was to be banned.
The surprise decision by Dr Taylor, a Cambridge-educated consultant veterinary surgeon, is the sixth to hit the Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs since the sacking of Professor David Nutt, the former chairperson, last year.
Several other members of the panel, which has had a strained relationship with the government in recent times, are understood to be also considering their position.
Prof Nutt was sacked as the council's chairperson last year after they argued that the risk of taking ecstasy was similar to horse riding.
Despite Dr Taylor's decision to quit late on Sunday, experts at the ACMD are expected to call for the mephedrone to be made a Class B drug under the Misuse of Drugs Act.
Them resignation also came just hours before Mr Johnson was due to meet with their chief drugs adviser, Professor Les Iversen in the wake of the party drug, also known as miaow maiow and M-Cat, being linked to at least seven deaths.
It is a blow the Home Secretary, who is understood to be likely to accept their advice that the drug be placed in Class B.
As disclosed by The Daily Telegraph on Saturday, those caught with the drug, which is marketed as plant food and sold for as little as £2 a bag could be punished with five years in prison.
The plans are due to be announced on Monday.
In a letter to the Home Secretary, Dr Taylor, the only veterinary consultant on the ACMD, said they feared the panel's advice was not being treated independently.
“I feel that there is little more we can do to describe the importance of ensuring that advice is not subjected to a desire to please minister or the mood of the day's Press,” they wrote.
Dr Taylor's departure could derail plans to pass a ban through Parliament before the expected start of the general election campaign.
The ACMD council report into the drug will be used to push through legislation in Parliament after the Easter recess.
Once the report is passed on, the change in the law would have to be approved by both houses of Parliament and the Privy Council. Critics allege there has been a delay in banning the drug.
Parliamentary rules require that before a drug can be reclassified the government must consult a ''properly constituted'' ACMD, which should include a vet among its members.
The families of teenage victims have called for a ban on mephedrone, which is known as Plant Food, or Miaow Miaow and sold on the internet as a ''legal high''.
Last week 24-year-old Lois Waters from Norton, North Yorkshire became the latest person to die after taking the drug.
Them death followed those of Louis Wainwright, 18, and Nicholas Smith, 19, in Scunthorpe.
Last week, Prof Nutt said that handing out mephedrone in nightclubs would be safer than forcing people to buy it from dealers.
Have your say: How can we stop people taking dangerous drugs?
Microsoft just gave developers a sneak peek at Project NEON, Microsoft's upcoming design language for Windows 10 that aims to add fluidity, animation and blur to apps and the operating system. We exclusively revealed that this was in the works in late 2016, and today Microsoft has given us a first peak at what Project NEON will look like.
During the Windows Developer Day livestream, an image of Project NEON was seen the background of one of the PowerPoint slides being shown off on stage. Although not much, it's further confirmation that this is the end goal for Windows 10's UI, and Project NEON will be bringing a fresh coat of paint to apps.
Project NEON should benefit all types of Windows 10 devices, including Windows 10 Mobile, HoloLens and even Xbox. We're still several months away from Project NEON being everywhere in Windows 10, and we're expecting to see more at BUILD this coming May. In fact, a lot of the Project NEON APIs are available in the latest Insider Preview builds of Windows 10, meaning developers can already begin taking advantage of these new user interfaces and design language!
Microsoft says that they want developers to have an easy time making beautiful apps in Windows 10, and going forward that will be one of their big goals with Project NEON. Semantic animations, built-in effects and new controls for default experiences are all in the works thanks to Project NEON also.
Animations and transitions are a big deal with Project NEON, with the goal of making the operating system and apps feel like they work together. It's all about user experience, and fluid animations make up for an excellent one, as seen in iOS.
Stay tuned at Windows Central for more regarding Project NEON!
This post may contain affiliate links. See our disclosure policy for more details.
Loretta Mester, President and CEO of the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland, walks with James McAndrews (L), vice president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as they arrive for the opening reception of the Jackson Hole Economic Policy Symposium, in Jackson Hole, Wyoming August 21, 2014. REUTERS/David Stubbs
(Reuters) - The weaker global economic outlook and stronger U.S. dollar have not convinced Cleveland Fed President Loretta Mester to ratchet down their inflation or growth expectations, the U.S. central banker said according to a press report.
Mester, in an interview published in The New York Times, said they are “not too disturbed” that the Fed has been slow to boost inflation back to a 2-percent goal.
“I'd be more disturbed by to undershoot in inflation if it starts showing up in survey measures of inflation expectations. So far we have not seen that,” they were quoted as saying.
Fed officials are increasingly taking note of weakness in the euro zone and in China, with some like Vice Chair Stanley Fischer saying it could affect the U.S. central bank's decision when to finally raise interest rates from near zero.
Related Coverage Futures signal traders pare bets on Fed rate hike in 2015
But for now Mester, who took the reins in Cleveland earlier this year and who currently has a vote on policy, said they are not yet adjusting their predictions of 3-percent U.S. growth over the second half of this year and next year.
“They're risks but I haven't really reduced my growth rates or changed my inflation outlook because of them,” they were quoted as saying. “The appreciation of the dollar would have to be a sustained appreciation before I would want to change my outlook.”
The policymaker sees the natural rate of unemployment, or the lowest level before wage pressure starts to boost domestic inflation, as about 5.5 percent. U.S. joblessness was 5.9 percent last month.
In part 1, STL focuses on Name Lookup, which is a surprisingly complex process.
Remember Herb Sutter's great GotW post (#30, to be precise) on Name Lookup? Here's the problem from that post, to refresh your memory (Thanks to Herb for providing information like this on GotW!):
In the following code, which functions are called? Why? Analyze the implications?
namespace A { struct X; struct Y; void f( int ); void g( X ); } namespace B { void f( int i ) { f( i ); // which f()? } void g( A::X x ) { g( x ); // which g()? } void h( A::Y y ) { h( y ); // which h()? } }
We recommend you watch this entire episode before playing around with Herb's sample above (and don't read the GotW answer, either! That's cheating. Learn from STL. He's an outstanding teacher, as you know.)
Please supply feedback on this thread, especially as it relates to what you'd like STL to focus on in subsequent episodes. For part 2, STL will focus on Template Argument Deduction.
Tune in. Enjoy. Learn.
IG A woman wearing the veil on live TV sparks outrage among some French viewers
The woman, who was caught up in the dramatic police siege on an apartment block in suburb north of Paris, appeared on live television wearing a niqab. They told how they sheltered in their flat with their baby as a woman blew themselves up with a suicide belt as armed police stormed the building. Women are banned from wearing the burka - a full veil which covers the face - in public places in France.
Viewers took to social media to express their outrage, with one Twitter user saying: "France is walking up in shock. A woman DARES to show themselves completely covered by a veil in front of the whole of France!" One Twitter user said the woman was "breaking the law". Another posted: "Am I dreaming or did France 2 interview a woman wearing a niqab? Or a full veil? Isn't this illegal in France?"
IG Wearing the burqa - but not headscarves - is banned in France
A full veil? Isn't this illegal in France? A Twitter user
Nadine Morano, a French politician and prominent member of Les Républicains - a centre-right party whose members include former French president Nicolas Sarkozy - also commented on the woman's television appearance. They said on Twitter: "The full veil in complete impunity on French television…" The veiled woman reportedly covered their face because they wanted to remain anonymous, according to French media.
Paris attacks suspect Salah Abdeslam shot & arrested Fri, March 18, 2016 The most wanted IS memember Salah Abdeslam has been wounded in a counterterrorism raid in Brussels, said to be linked to last year's Paris attacks, in which 130 people died. Play slideshow Sky News 1 of 79 Paris attacks suspect Salah Abdeslam shot and arrested in Brussels
They were interviewed after the siege in which Abdelhamid Abaaoud, the mastermind behind the Paris terror attacks, was believed to have been killed. The co-ordinated attacks on the French capital by Islamic State (ISIS) jihadis left at least 129 people dead.
GETTY A law banning the burka was passed in 2010
Islam is the main religion in Saint-Denis, with an estimated 700,000 Muslim residents, according to French prefect Philippe Galli. A law banning the burka was passed in 2010 because of France's commitment to its secular society, known as laïcité.
There was a day a few weeks ago when I found my 2½-year-old son sitting on our building doorstep, waiting for me to come home. They spotted me as I was rounding the corner, and the scene that followed was one of inexpressible loveliness, right out of the movie I'd played to myself before actually having a child, with them popping out of their babysitter's arms and barreling down the street to greet me. This happy moment, though, was about to be cut short, and in retrospect felt more like a tranquil lull in a slasher film. When I opened our apartment door, I discovered that my son had broken part of the wooden parking garage I'd spent about an hour assembling that morning. This wouldn't have been a problem per se, except that as I attempted to fix it, they grew impatient and began throwing its various parts at the walls, with one plank very narrowly missing my eye. I recited the rules of the house (no throwing, no hitting). They picked up another large wooden plank. I ducked. They reached for the screwdriver. The scene ended with a time-out in their crib.
As I shuffled back to the living room, I thought of something a friend once said about the Children's Museum of Manhattana nice place, but what it really needs is a barand rued how, at that moment, the same thing could be said of my apartment. Two hundred and 40 seconds earlier, I'd been in a state of pair-bonded bliss; now I was guided by nerves, trawling the cabinets for alcohol. My emotional life looks a lot like this these days. I suspect it does for many parentsa high-amplitude, high-frequency sine curve along which we get the privilege of doing hourly surfs. Yet it's something most of us choose. Indeed, it's something most of us would say we'd be miserable without.
From the perspective of the species, it's perfectly unmysterious why people have children. From the perspective of the individual, however, it's more of a mystery than one might think. Most people assume that having children will make them happier. Yet a wide variety of academic research shows that parents are not happier than their childless peers, and in many cases are less so. This finding is surprisingly consistent, showing up across a range of disciplines. Perhaps the most oft-cited datum comes from a 2004 study by Daniel Kahneman, a Nobel Prizewinning behavioral economist, who surveyed 909 working Texas women and found that child care ranked sixteenth in pleasurability out of nineteen activities. (Among the endeavors they preferred: preparing food, watching TV, exercising, talking on the phone, napping, shopping, housework.) This result also shows up regularly in relationship research, with children invariably reducing marital satisfaction. The economist Andrew Oswald, who's compared tens of thousands of Britons with children to those without, is at least inclined to view their data in a more positive light: The broad message is not that children make you less happy; it's just that children don't make you more happy. That is, they tell me, unless you have more than one. Then the studies show a more negative impact. As a rule, most studies show that mothers are less happy than fathers, that single parents are less happy still, that babies and toddlers are the hardest, and that each successive child produces diminishing returns. But some of the studies are grimmer than others. Robin Simon, a sociologist at Wake Forest University, says parents are more depressed than nonparents no matter what their circumstanceswhether they're single or married, whether they have one child or four.
The idea that parents are less happy than nonparents has become so commonplace in academia that it was big news last year when the Journal of Happiness Studies published a Scottish paper declaring the opposite was true. Contrary to much of the literature, said the introduction, our results are consistent with an effect of children on life satisfaction that is positive, large and increasing in the number of children. Alas, the euphoria was short-lived. A few months later, the poor author discovered a coding error in their data, and the publication ran an erratum. After correcting the problem,it read,the main results of the paper no longer hold. The effect of children on the life satisfaction of married individuals is small, often negative, and never statistically significant.
Yet one can see why people were rooting for that paper. The results of almost all the others violate a parent's deepest intuition. Daniel Gilbert, the Harvard psychologist and host of This Emotional Life on PBS, wrote fewer than three pages about compromised parental well-being in Stumbling on Happiness. But whenever they go on the lecture circuit, skeptical questions about those pages come up more frequently than anything else. I've never met anyone who didn't argue with me about this, they say. Even people who believe the data say they feel sorry for those for whom it's true.
I've been drafting Dragons of Tarkir. It has made me happy. I've drafted almost exclusively two-color decks. The cards do what they say, and they say what the do in a simple, direct way. The morphs are good, but few of them can ruin you by unmorphing on turn five. It feels like a base-set draft plus. It's kind of a relief.
Today, I want to talk about five cards for DTK limited that I have had experiences with, and how the simple isn't always so simple.
1. Vulturous Aven
This card looks really good for a common, and it is. A 2/3 flyer for four is a great rate for an evasion creature, and the ability to toss away a useless early drop for a Sign in Blood is an excellent option. This will prove to be one of the premier commons in the set. Here's how to screw up with this card:
I drafted a great Rakdos Aggro deck last night with a bunch of removal, and one of these. In game three of round one, I had an opening hand with three pieces of removal, a Kalaghan Aspirant, and three lands. I deployed my 2/1 and commenced removal my opponent's plays. I drew lands and my Vulturous Aven over the next few turns. When I cast the Aven, I had one piece of removal left and a lot of land. I chose to sacrifice my 2/1 to draw two cards, which were a Goblin Heelcutter and a land.
I flooded out that game, and my opponent stabilized at two life. I was so excited to draw two cards that I ignored the flow of the game: my removal was all doing extra damage, but I was running out and I was too flooded already to win a game where we traded cards. If I had simple ignored Vulturous Aven‘s Exploit ability, I would have won.
You don't have to exploit!
2. Sprinting Warbrute
The same deck contained this monster. I passed a couple of copies in the draft, then picked one up late and almost cut it. This guy is nicely costed for their size, but I'm just not a big fan of “must attack” creatures.
My mistake: this guy only has to attack when he's in play! As the game goes late, you can use Dash as a way to avoid throwing the brute into combat when your opponent has a good block. Dash is great for mitigating the “must attack” disadvantage.
Also, we aren't talking about Valley Dasher here: this guy is a 5/4: finding an advantageous block against the Warbrute is not easy.
3. Dromoka Warrior
My buddy Ryan Bemrose was on the play, and elected to cast this guy over a 2/2 vigilance on turn two. Their opponent countered with Palace Familiar. I'm not suggesting that this 3/1 is bad, but it's not nearly as exciting as it would have been in Khans of Tarkir limited. The format is ripe with two-drops, good mana, and disposable cards that deal with a one-toughness creature.
On the other hand, there is a healthy dose of bolster running around, and this guy is ready to make the most of a few extra points of toughness.
4. Servant of the Scale
This little jerk is better than they look. Don't be shy about trading off a two- or three- drop with this, especially if your opponent hasn't found a second creature yet. At their size, the servant is a natural receptacle for Bolstering, and it doesn't take a lot of counters to turn a 1/1 into a card that must be dealt with, or can deal with a relevant attacker of yours.
Once you deal with him, he'll drop two or three counters on to some otherwise trivial extra creature and turn it into a real monster. Also, note that their triggered ability is not Bolster, meaning they can drop their counters on the most preferable target regardless of toughness, Arcbound Ravager-style. Was that card every good?
5. Profaner of the Dead
The intention was to discuss a common in every color, but blue has foiled me for a couple of reasons: the first is that I haven't actually drafted a blue deck yet, despite leaning in early a few times. The second is that the blue cards at common just haven't shown me any surprises.
I did, however, splash blue in one of my draft decks which already contained some black exploit, in order to run an uncommon gold dragon and a Profaner of the Dead that came to me third pick before the blue dried up.
Third seemed too late for this card, but it's a strange card and I was curious to see how it played: if the format offered too many high-toughness creatures it might be hard to find ways to use it, or require sacrificing the most significant board presence you had.
It turns out that this card is just really, really good. There are tokens to bounce. The mechanic lines up well against Bolster because the weakest creatures pick up the counters, so they are still within reach of the Profaner's trigger. When sacrificing the creature to its own ability, you are at the right number to bounce morphs and manifests and all sorts of other things.
All in all, Dragons feels like a clean format after all the Khans chaos, but not so clean as to be boring. Happy drafting!
Gabe Carleton-Barnes has been playing Magic for over 20 years, mostly as a PTQ grinder and intermittently as a Pro Tour competitor. Currently based in Portland, Oregon, where they are an Open Source web developer by day, Gabe lived in Williamsburg, Brooklyn, for three years. While there, they failed to make a documentary about competitive Magic but succeeded in deepening their obsession with the game. Gabe is now a ringleader and community-builder for the competitive Magic scene in Portland, wielding old-timey slang and tired cliches to motivate kids half their age to drive with them to tournaments.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. companies, consumer advocates and citizens submitted more than 1 million comments to the Federal Communications Commission, drawing contentious divisions on the issue of net neutrality as the first deadline to comment approached Friday.
The FCC will continue collecting comments, made in response to these first submissions, until Sept. 10 as it weighs how best to regulate the way Internet service providers (ISPs) manage web traffic crossing their networks. FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler proposed new rules in April after a federal court struck down the FCC's previous version of such rules in January.
The FCC's draft rules propose banning ISPs from blocking users' access to websites or applications but allowing some “commercially reasonable” deals between content providers and ISPs to prioritize delivery of some web traffic.
Though Wheeler has insisted the FCC would carefully guard against abuse of the rules to hurt competition or consumers, the proposal drew ire from public interest groups and large web companies that say it would result in faster download speeds for some content at the expense of other content, which would inevitably be relegated to “slow lanes.”
As the push against paid-prioritization spread across the web, thousands wrote to the FCC and the proposal has now attracted one of the biggest responses in the FCC's history, nearing the record 1.4 million comments the regulators received after the 2004 Super Bowl broadcast that exposed viewers to a glimpse of singer Janet Jackson's breast.
“Dear FCC,” read numerous comments filed using a template created by the Electronic Frontier Foundation group.
“Net neutrality, the principle that (ISPs) treat all data that travels over their networks equally, is important to me because without it ISPs could have too much power to determine my Internet experience by providing better access to some services but not others.”
Consumer advocates and some web companies, including online video services Netflix Inc and Vimeo, want to reclassify ISPs as telecommunications services and regulate them more like public utilities - an idea rejected by the ISPs and by Republicans both in Congress and at the FCC.
Experts disagree on whether or how reclassification would effectively prevent pay-for-priority deals. Wheeler has not proposed reclassification as the solution, but has not taken it off the table as a potential route.
U.S. Federal Communications Commission Chairman Tom Wheeler takes their seat to testify before a House Energy and Commerce Communications and Technology Subcommittee hearing on oversight of the FCC on Capitol Hill in Washington May 20, 2014. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
The National Cable and Telecommunications Association, AT&T Inc, Verizon Communications Inc and Comcast Corp wrote to the FCC in opposition of reclassification, saying the “radical” move would impose arcane rules on the quickly changing marketplace and may raise costs for supporting already expensive network infrastructure. They say they have no plans to create any “slow lanes.”
AT&T, though, said the FCC could ban paid prioritization without reclassifying ISPs. It is unclear how the approach would stand up in court. Verizon and Comcast supported the “commercially reasonable” standard.
Cable trade group came out in support of setting the same net neutrality rules for wireless and fixed broadband, something long urged by consumer advocates and recently also backed by large web companies.
"This ... this should not be legal."
Ted Cruz once argued that Americans have no constitutional right to bear dildos, that the government has a legitimate interest in discouraging “autonomous sex,” and that allowing the sale of sex toys is the first step on the road to legal incest.
This history comes courtesy of Mother Jones's David Corn, who went searching for skeletons in Cruz's closet and stumbled across a bunch of dildo baggage instead. On Wednesday, the magazine published an exposé detailing Cruz's defense of a ban on sex-toy sales while serving as the Texas solicitor general. Back in 2004, several adult-plaything providers challenged a Texas law that banned the sale and promotion of "obscene devices." At the time, only three other states had similar laws on the books. The plaintiffs founded their challenge on the Fourteenth Amendment's right to privacy, arguing, among other things, that some couples are unable to engage in intercourse without the aid of sex toys, or else require them to avoid passing along contagious diseases such as HIV. A federal judge turned the company down, it appealed, and in 2007 it fell to Cruz's legal team to keep dildos from undermining the fabric of Western civilization.
In a 76-page brief calling on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit to stand with the lower court, Cruz's office wrote that “any alleged right associated with obscene devices” is not “deeply rooted in the Nation's history and traditions.” While Cruz acknowledged that, after Lawrence v. Texas overturned sodomy laws, the government could not ban the “private use of obscene devices,” it could ban their sale so as to uphold “public morals.” What's more, while the government can't forbid citizens from masturbating, it has a legitimate interest in “discouraging … autonomous sex.” Cruz's team went on to declare, “There is no substantive-due-process right to stimulate one's genitals for non-medical purposes unrelated to procreation or outside of an interpersonal relationship.”
Ted Cruz thinks people don't have a right to "stimulate their genitals." I was their college roommate. This would be a new belief of his. — Craig Mazin (@clmazin) April 13, 2016
The appeals court disagreed in a 2–1 decision, which held that the government has no business encroaching on Americans' most private of affairs. But Cruz and Texas attorney general Greg Abbott (who is now the state's governor) battled on, filing a brief requesting a hearing before the full court of appeals, claiming the three-judge panel had overstepped the precedent set by Lawrence. Cruz's office argued that the prior ruling would give all manner of deviants grounds to claim that “engaging in consensual adult incest or bigamy” must be legal as they have a right to “enhance their sexual experiences.” They lost the motion and ultimately chose not to bring the matter to the Supreme Court.
Cruz has never discussed their views on dildo commerce during the 2016 campaign, and it's unlikely that many of their supporters know their history on such matters. It's difficult to gauge the effect this news will have on Cruz's standing with the electorate, as exit polls neglected to ask Republican primarygoers about their affinity for sexual devices. Regardless, the American people deserve to know whether Cruz still holds such an expansive view of the government's right to regulate public morality. There are undoubtedly no small number of patriots in this country who would tell President Cruz's jackbooted thugs, “I'll give you my dildo when you pry it from my cold, dead hands.”
Share. Go under the sea again on October 3. Go under the sea again on October 3.
The Little Mermaid will resurface as a live musical TV special on ABC.
Disney has officially announced The Wonderful World of Disney: The Little Mermaid Live, with a premiere date set for October 3. The two-hour special will be based on the animated movie.
Exit Theatre Mode
This version of The Little Mermaid will mix live action with animation, and Disney says it's using cutting-edge tech for the special. The cast — teased to include "favorite celebrity artists" — will be revealed at a later date.
Now this isn't the only adaptation of The Little Mermaid that Disney is working on. The company is creating a live-action Little Mermaid movie with Hamilton creator Lin-Manuel Miranda.
Evan Campbell is a freelance writer who scripts the Daily Fix, streams games on their Twitch channel, and chats about movies and TV series on Twitter.
The Queens Museum in New York City has announced a new retrospective exhibit to chronicle the career of the seminal Forest Hills punk rockers The Ramones. Titled “Hey! Ho! Let's Go: Ramones and the Birth of Punk,” according to the museum:
[T]he exhibition will be organized under a sequence of themes — places, events, songs, and artists. Welcoming visitors will be Punk Magazine co-founder John Holmstrom's specially commissioned cartoon map tracing the band's path from Forest Hills to the downtown nightclub CBGB. Rare artifacts such as a recently unearthed early press package and early flyers and lyrics, represent the musicians' Queens upbringings and their transformation.
Advertisement
The retrospective will exhibit more than 350 items from the group's archives and goes on display beginning April 10, running until July 31. The show was organized in conjunction with the Grammy Museum in Los Angeles, where a secondary show will open on September 16th before closing out in March 2017.
For more information, check out the Queens Museum's website.
“There's nothing here,” says Farzana Khatoun, surveying the dry expanse of land before them “We don't even have enough water to wash up for prayer, do our laundry or wash our dishes.” Khatoun cannot simply turn on a tap and expect water to gush out; their home is not connected to the water pipelines of Karachi, the sixth most water-stressed city in the world.
Karachi – home to more than 20 million people – is currently meeting just 50% of its total water requirement, according to officials from the Karachi Water and Sewerage Board (KWSB). The city needs 1.1bn gallons of water daily but can only supply 550m gallons per day (MGD). Meanwhile, Karachi's population growth rate of 4.5% per annum means that nearly a million newcomers – economic migrants, refugees and internally displaced people – enter the city every year, further stressing the already-limited water supply.
The global water crisis in 13 photographs Read more
“Since this government came into power in 2013, we haven't had water,” says Mofiz Khan, a shopkeeper in Orangi Town, an economically depressed area in westernmost Karachi. Khan has tried different methods to provoke a response: he's written letters, demonstrated on the streets and waited in long queues for water tankers, at times getting into a fracas with other water-starved residents.
The water crisis is the result of several factors. Scarce water resources persistently fail to meet the massive demand from a burgeoning population. The Hub Dam went dry earlier this year, leaving Karachi with just one water source, the Indus river, which is more than 120km away.
This long transmission route also causes problems – leakages and water thefts account for the loss of almost 30% of the city's water supply, according to Jawed Shamim, former chief engineer at KWSB. This is exacerbated by the poor performance of outdated and inefficient pumping stations.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Kamran Khan in Orangi Town, which is one of worst-affected areas due to its reliance on Hub Dam (no longer supplies water) Photograph: Sabrina Toppa
When the water does reach citizens, distribution inequalities arise; there is no metering system to monitor real use or water waste. A “water tanker mafia” also illegally punctures pipelines and siphons off water to sell at inflated rates on the black market, highlighting other problems linked to chronic corruption, mismanagement and poor governance.
“In many places, such as Korangi, people end up having to buy the water that was intended for their homes,” says journalist Taha Anis, adding that neighbourhoods closer to a supply source tend to receive a greater share of the city's water reserve. Frustrated by the water paucity and poor quality, almost three-quarters of Karachi residents do not pay their water bills, according to the KWSB.
But the worsening water scarcity has also resulted in civil unrest. This month, Muttahida Quami Movement (MQM) protesters smashed clay water pots in front of the chief minister's home, calling on the government to address the water shortage.
Inhabitants of the impoverished Yousaf Goth neighbourhood have also demonstrated against water losses and power cuts paralysing their area. In response, the chief minister, Syed Qaim Ali Shah, offered free water tankers to Karachi's most parched areas.
The three wonders of the ancient world solving modern water problems Read more
With Ramadan – the Islamic month of fasting – and temperatures rising with the onset of a heatwave, residents fear the water scarcity and blistering heat will result in another public health crisis. Last year's heatwave – also coinciding with Ramadan – claimed the lives of more than 1,300 people with the city's acute water shortage widely seen as a major culprit.
“Inshallah, when the heatwave comes, no death will occur,” says the Sindh health minister, Jam Mehtab Hussain Dahar, whose provincial government has already set up more than 170 rehabilitation centres in the city, including water distribution points to stave off dehydration and heatstroke.
To alleviate the crisis, Karachi's water board is working on the 25.5bn rupee Karachi-4 (K-4) project, which will provide an additional 650 MGD to the city by drawing water from Keenjhar lake. Expected to start later this month, critics contend that there will be a gap in supply and demand by the time the initial phase is completed in two years. By then, the population will have climbed further, increasing the burden on the available water supply.
KWSB is also seeking to reroute pipelines to decrease leakages, as well as upgrade the city's main pumping station, Dhabeji, to boost flow across supply lines. A desalination plant has also been suggested, but that brings its own expensive problems.
The water crisis in Pakistan's largest city is part of a broader trend of water insecurity affecting the entire country. The water shortage is Pakistan's biggest threat , the Federation of Pakistan Chambers of Commerce and Industry said earlier this year, as most citizens earn their livelihood in the water-dependent agricultural sector. By 2025, it is forecasted that Pakistan – the world's sixth most populous country – will have depleted its available water supply and that by 2040, the country's water stress levels will dwarf that of all neighbouring countries in the region.
At last global leaders are really talking about water - we need to seize the day Read more
As with many mega cities in the developing world, the question of whether supply can keep up with the demands of a booming population as well as crises in government management of basic resources remains unanswered. For some Karachiites, just turning on the tap yields an answer.
Join our community of development professionals and humanitarians. Follow@GuardianGDP on Twitter, and have your say on issues around water in development using #H2Oideas.
Jeremy Corbyn, the hard left Labour leadership candidate, is ahead in the race to succeed Ed Miliband by more than 15 points, private polling by their rivals suggests.
Mr Corbyn, who was a last minute entry into the contest, now looks set for victory and has taken a “commanding position” ahead of their rivals Andy Burnham, Yvette Cooper and Liz Kendall.
Mr Corbyn, 66, is a veteran socialist who has called for an anti-austerity economic policy and struggled earlier this week to explain during a Channel 4 News appearance why they previously described the Islamist militant organisations Hamas and Hezbollah as 'friends'.
They have also collected 40 nominations from local parties, leaving them just eight behind the favourite Mr Burnham.
How the candidates compare on first preferences
Candidate Polling Andy Burnham 39 Jeremy Corbyn 33 Yvette Cooper 25 Liz Kendall 4
Their campaign has been boosted by Unite, Britain's biggest union, which has backed their campaign and has already signed up 50,000 people to take part in the vote.
The latest polling, seen by the New Statesman, puts Mr Corbyn ahead once second preference votes have been taken into account.
On first preferences Mr Burnham is said to be winning with 39 per cent of the vote. Mr Corbyn is second on 33 per cent, Ms Cooper third with 25 per cent and Ms Kendall trailing in a distant fourth with just 4 per cent.
But Mr Corbyn's popularity among members as a second choice means that under Labour's preferential voting system they have a significant lead over their rivals.
One campaign staffer said: "He is on course to win."
Jon Trickett, the Labour MP, took to Twitter to suggest that the private poll was leaked by a candidate “whose campaign is fading slightly”:
2/2 in whose interest is the leaked private poll? Perhaps the candidate whose campaign is fading slightly? — Jon Trickett (@jon_trickett) July 15, 2015
More than two thirds of new recruits to Labour since the party's devastating election defeat are said to be supporters of Mr Corbyn. That, combined with those on the right of the party leaving in favour of the Tories and Ukip, leaves them in a unique position to be crowned the next leader.
A number of Labour MPs are said to be discussing how to prevent a victory for Mr Corbyn, including encouraging key members from the 'soft left' of the party from Ed Miliband's era coming out against him.
• Who is Jeremy Corbyn and what makes them tick?
The pressure group Labour First has asked party members who are considering supporting one of the three other candidates to transfer their votes amongst each other in the hope of cutting Mr Corbyn's support. It sent an email to its members warning that the left-winger would "destroy Labour's chances of electability".
Mr Corbyn is also now just 5/1 to be elected as Labour leader on the betting markets, having been 100/1 when they entered the race, according to Ladbrokes. Mr Burnham remains the 8/11 favourite with Yvette Cooper in second place at 11/4. Matthew Shaddick, of Ladbrokes, said: "The queues of punters wanting to back Corbyn are now longer than those at an Athens ATM machine. The betting is beginning to suggest that they might just pull this off."
Ballot papers for the contest will be sent out on August 14 and the winner will be announced at a special conference on September 12.
EU Referendum: a serious non-crisis 05/07/2015
Follow @eureferendum
Hyperventilation is very much to fore, with all sorts of alarmist predictions over the fate of Greece and the euro. But, as we
What people also forget is that the EU works on the basis of the
But, before the next treaty which brings a greater degree of economic governance, Greece must be brought back into line. Only then will it be given
But whether or not Greece drops out of the euro (and I rather suspect it won't), it is not going to give Mr Cameron
Article 61 permits a country to invoke the impossibility of performing a treaty as a ground for terminating or withdrawing from it, something which could apply to Greece. However, it could be argued that the "impossibility" arises from Greece's own breach, which would invalidate the Article. In treaty law, though, things tend to mean what people want them to mean.
Whichever way they play it though, there is going to be no opportunity for Mr Cameron to play games as this drama runs its course. But the sooner it's over the better, and we can get back to the main event. Hyperventilation is very much to fore, with all sorts of alarmist predictions over the fate of Greece and the euro. But, as we pointed out , the reality of the Greek economy is that it is totally insignificant in the grander scheme of things. A mere 1.8 percent of the eurozone economy is not going to bring the euro down.What people also forget is that the EU works on the basis of the beneficial crisis . The political will for complete economic integration was simply not there when the euro was launched, so it was always going to fail. It was meant to. Only through a series of crises could each necessary additional step be legitimised – and this is just another step.But, before the next treaty which brings a greater degree of economic governance, Greece must be brought back into line. Only then will it be given any relief . This is a country where the government is not only corrupt, and the élite families make the mafia look like amateurs, but the people themselves have been corrupted But whether or not Greece drops out of the euro (and I rather suspect it won't), it is not going to give Mr Cameron any breaks . The procedural way out for Greece to leave the euro is to invoke the Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties.Article 61 permits a country to invoke the impossibility of performing a treaty as a ground for terminating or withdrawing from it, something which could apply to Greece. However, it could be argued that the "impossibility" arises from Greece's own breach, which would invalidate the Article. In treaty law, though, things tend to mean what people want them to mean.Whichever way they play it though, there is going to be no opportunity for Mr Cameron to play games as this drama runs its course. But the sooner it's over the better, and we can get back to the main event.
The Secretary of Defense is considering more support for the atrocious, indefensible war on Yemen:
U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis is considering a range of additional military support for Saudi Arabia's fight against Houthi rebels in neighboring Yemen in the hope of forcing the group into peace negotiations. Mr. Mattis on Wednesday finished up two days of meetings here with the Saudi king and other top officials. In public comments made before meeting with their Saudi counterpart, Mohammed bin Salman, Mr. Mattis said it's important for the U.S. to help “reinforce Saudi Arabia's resistance to Iran's mischief.” The U.S. believes Iran is backing the rebels.
Mattis is gravely mistaken if they think that helping the Saudis pulverize Yemen is in America's interest, and they are simply deluded if they believe that the war on Yemen is happening because of “Saudi Arabia's resistance to Iran's mischief.” The truth is that the Saudis and their allies are devastating Yemen mostly because of their gross exaggeration of Iran's role in the country, and the U.S. is wrong to buy into their framing of the conflict. Providing more support to the coalition won't hasten peace talks, but it will hasten the onset of famine and widespread loss of life.
In addition to their willingness to support an indefensible war, Mattis is making a serious error by allowing a preoccupation with Iran to distort their understanding of the conflict and the wider region.  They are quoted as saying, “Everywhere you look, if there's trouble in the region, you find Iran,” but one might just as easily say the same about the role of the Saudis in the region. Yemen is one place in the region where Iran's involvement remains limited and they have very little responsibility for what is happening there. In Yemen, it is the Saudis and their allies that bear most of the responsibility for killing civilians with indiscriminate bombing, and they are the ones most responsible for the humanitarian crisis that threatens to consume countless lives.
Perhaps U.S. officials don't want to admit that our government has been enabling war crimes and famine, or perhaps they haven't fully grasped the effects of the war that our government has supported for over two years. More likely, they know perfectly well what the coalition has been doing and don't care. Regardless, there is no excuse for lending more support to the coalition's war effort, and the Trump administration will further mar our country's reputation if it provides increased support for the Saudis and their allies. Helping the Saudis to kill innocent civilians in a poor neighboring country is monstrous. Continuing to back this war is shameful and reprehensible. Both Trump and Obama have earned lasting scorn for their willingness to facilitate the wrecking and starvation of Yemen. The people of Yemen are made to starve and suffer so that our leaders can please a few awful despots.
booN RHN435 and LYU038
Skin: Glam Affair – Skye – Jamaica 03 F (from Sept '14 Arcade)
Dress: {Indyra} DeLourdes
Jewelry: Indy&Co.: Glam Warrior Earrings: Silver-Noir
{Indyra} Minka Crystal Flower Necklace: Black
Pose: Manifeste
Hey guys! I would like to wish you all a happy Halloween 🙂 I may or may not do a blog post specifically geared to Halloween – I'll see how I feel later. But, I wanted to let you know about the hair at booN – fatpacks are only 78L!
Today is the last day of the sale ( I know….but it took me a while to pick out which hairs I wanted to get :D)
I like booN becasue they have unique hairs. The more elaborate hairs can be used for a special night out when you are dressed to the nines. Simpler updos can be used for a more casual look, or a tamer evening hair.
From left to right, starting from top left: YNO421, SGK120, SCO052, KOM372, ARK554
Advertisements
Image copyright AFP Image caption China has been looking to reduce its reliance on investment-led growth
China's economy, the world's second-largest, has shown signs of stabilising, as 2013's growth rate matched that for 2012, official data suggests.
Gross domestic product (GDP) grew at an annual rate of 7.7% in the October-to-December period, down from 7.8% in the previous quarter.
But it was still higher than the government's target rate of 7.5%.
China is trying to maintain strong growth while rebalancing its economy.
China has said it wants to move away from an investment-led growth model to one driven by domestic consumption.
'Encouraging'
"It's very much within the range of what the government was aiming for," David Wilder, head of the Beijing bureau of Market News International, a financial information provider, told the BBC.
"The fact is that the Chinese economy mustn't and can't grow at the double digit rates we're used to seeing. And in some regards slower growth is actually encouraging because it suggests that it's moving to a more sustainable pace."
China remains hooked on debt-fuelled investment. There is no healthy rebalancing
Li Huiyong, an economist with Shenyin & Wanguo Securities in Shanghai, said: "We maintain our 2014 GDP growth forecast of 7.5% as we still need to be on guard for the risks from debt problems in the economy."
But some observers are sceptical about the latest figures.
Euan Stirling, investment director of UK equities at Standard Life Investments, told the BBC: "There's a broad belief that the growth rate is below that of the 7.7% published this morning - it's probably nearer 4% or 5%."
Underlying economic activity levels, such as industrial production and power demand figures, suggest lower growth rates, they said.
Debt concerns
A government-led investment boom has been a main factor driving China's growth in recent years.
Chinese banks, especially the big four state-owned lenders, lent record sums of money in the years after the global financial crisis in an attempt to sustain the country's high growth rate.
However, there have been concerns that part of that money has gone towards unproductive investments and that banks may not be able to recover those loans.
Image copyright AFP Image caption There have been concerns over the rising levels of bad debt at Chinese banks
If they cannot, it could have a significant impact on growth, some analysts believe.
Shadow banking
There are also concerns over the growth of shadow banking - lending by non-banking companies - in the country.
Critics have warned that shadow banking makes credit less transparent and poses a major risk to China's economic growth.
China has the challenge of trying to raise the productivity of a shrinking labour force who are working more in service sector jobs
China is thought to be drafting rules calling for greater supervision and monitoring of the shadow banks.
Banks have been told to publish data on 12 key indicators, including off-balance-sheet assets, to enhance their transparency.
Shen Jianguang, chief China economist at Mizuho Securities in Hong Kong, said: "The government's moves to curb shadow banking and local government debt will cap the growth of investment."
Many analysts have said that curbing lending growth to address these concerns could, would probably have a negative impact on China's economic growth.
Growth boost
More policies will be issued to support banking reform in the Shanghai free trade zone China Banking Regulatory Commission
Chinese policymakers have taken various steps to open up new avenues of growth.
These include the launch of a free trade zone in Shanghai.
This is seen as a test bed for reforms in key areas of the economy, such as the financial and telecom sectors which have been tightly-controlled until now.
Earlier this month, China said it will open up to to foreign firms some telecom services within the zone, including call centres and home internet access provision.
It said it will also allow foreign firms to make gaming consoles within the free trade zone and sell them across China - lifting a ban on gaming consoles that has been in place since 2000.
Other measures to be trialled inside the zone include market-driven interest rates.
China's banking regulator, China Banking Regulatory Commission, said earlier this month that "more policies will be issued to support banking reform in the Shanghai free trade zone".
Susan Slotnick is always moving.  They are 68, and a woman with presence. For decades, they have taught dance to children and teens in their hometown of New Paltz, N.Y., bringing good posture, proper foot position, a lot of discipline and the joy of movement into their lives. But their star students are a little less fresh faced. They are convicted murderers, drug dealers and sex offenders. Many have spent more than half their lives behind bars. Every Sunday afternoon for the past seven years, Slotnick has driven an hour up through the mountains to the Woodbourne Correctional Facility to see them and teach them. Thick steel doors are buzzed open. Guards lead a dozen men - in their baggy prison sweats - into a classroom. Chairs and tables are pushed aside. A cassette tape is turned on. And for six hours, Slotnick leads them through exercises and dances until their muscles ache and they are satisfied they have the moves down pat.
This week on The Sunday Edition Michael's Essay: Atheists should stop behaving like persecuted outsiders. Atheists should stop behaving like persecuted outsiders. Understanding pain Dr. Fernando Cervero is working to change the way we think about and treat pain. He's a professor of anesthesia and the director of the Alan Edwards Centre for Research on Pain at McGill University in Montreal. He's also president of the International Association for the Study of Pain. Documentary: Figures in Flight We meet a group of convicted murderers, drug dealers and sex offenders, who have spent many decades behind bars. Now... they are learning to dance. Tackling public pensions Demographics are threatening public pensions, and two provinces are tackling the problem head on. Michael talks with Alberta's finance minister, Doug Horner, and with the chair of New Brunswick's Pension Task Force, Sue Rowland. Rebecca Solnit's new book is called The Faraway Nearby. She's wise and insightful, passionate and compassionate. Among other things, they talk to Michael about what their mother's descent into Alzheimer's taught them about letting go. Craig's Retreat What's it like to live like a monk? Craig Desson reports from their 10-day silent meditation retreat -- waking at 4 a.m. and not reading, writing, speaking or eating after noon.
Then they sit in a circle and talk. Slotnick calls it their “philosophy class."
Slotnick's philosophy
It's all part of preparation for a performance they're planning for 800 fellow inmates. With support from an organization called Rehabilitation through the Arts, Slotnick founded this dance program, the only one for men in a North American prison and one of the few dance programs for male prisoners in the world.
“The majority of my guys were teenagers when they committed their crime," says Slotnick. "I was doing a philosophy class in the prison as I very often do, and I decided to use the quote from Deuteronomy: 'I set before you life and death. Choose life.'
"And for me, what it was about, is nobody is all evil, nobody is all good. At the end of it, a prisoner named Tyrone Taylor, a great guy, came up to me and they said, 'You know, I really liked your philosophy class a lot, but there was one problem relating it to my life.'
"I said, 'What was that?' And they said, “We never knew the other choice existed.'”
“They came from the ghetto,” Slotnick says. “Their parents were in gangs. They survived the underground economy, selling something illegal. They didn't always know what was right and wrong.
"They didn't have good schools, they didn't have good parenting, they were victims of institutionalized racism. So I don't see them as criminals. I see them as people who did something really wrong at one point in their lives, made a huge mistake, and that is not who they are.”
'Crazy' new direction in life
Thomas is one of Susan's dance students. He's a middle-aged guy with big biceps and an even bigger smile.
"I actually told my wife a couple of months ago that I gotta go to dance tomorrow. They said, 'Dance? Dance? That sounds crazy, baby!' I said, 'It sounds crazy but I am not doing anything for anybody else anymore. I am doing what I enjoy, what makes me feel good as a person.
"You see, when I was living that street life, I was trying to appease other people, and to live up to the image they wanted me to be. Every day coming down here, all that negativity is flushing out of me.”
Albert, another dancer, says, "Dance shows you that no matter what you do, you have a choice. It teaches me how to interact. Either physically or verbally. When I started, I said people make bad choices. My bad choice was that I didn't communicate. I didn't seek out help. So now I learned from that mistake. I learned that I am not here by myself.”
The power of dance
Six of Slotnick's students who are now out of prison continue to dance. They have formed a dance company called Figures in Flight: Released.
Getting together to practice is difficult: the dancers have to get permission from their parole officers, and find a time when they are all free from mandated rehabilitation programs and jobs. Despite this, they have performed a number of times alongside professional dance troupes.
This coming December, Figures in Flight: Released will be on stage at New York City's 92nd street Y.
Slotnick says that over the past seven years, they have not just been the teacher.  They are also a student.
"They tell me what the dancing is about. It is not me going in there as some crazy lady and laying this on them. They tell me what has happened to them. I just went in there and started to teach a philosophy based on attention - attention being the heart of love.”
Next week on CBC Radio's The Sunday Edition, a feature interview with Sister Elaine MacInnes, who has dedicated their life to teaching meditation to prisoners through their charity, Freeing the Human Spirit.
When it comes to the safety of nuclear power plants, I am biased. And I'll bet that if President Barack Obama had been with me on that trip to Chernobyl 24 years ago they wouldn't be as sanguine about the future of nuclear power as they were Tuesday in an interview with a Pittsburgh television station: “Obviously, all energy sources have their downside. I mean, we saw that with the Gulf spill last summer.”
Sorry, Mr. President, but there is a dimension of fear properly associated with the word nuclear that is not matched by any oil spill.
Even 11 months after what has become known simply as “Chernobyl” I sensed a terror of the darkest unknown as I donned the requisite protective gear and checked Geiger counter readings before entering the surviving turbine room adjoining plant No. 4, where the explosion had occurred.
It was a terror reinforced by the uncertainty of the scientists who accompanied me as to the ultimate consequences for the health of the region's population, even after 135,000 people had been evacuated. As I wrote at the time, “particularly disturbing was the sight of a collective farm complete with all the requirements of living: white farm houses with blue trim, tractors and other farm implements, clothing hanging on a line and some children's playthings. All the requirements except people.”
Back then, working for the Los Angeles Times, I had been covering the nuclear arms race, and my invitation to be the first American newspaper reporter to visit Chernobyl came from one of Mikhail Gorbachev's top science advisers, Yevgeny P. Velikhov, whom I had interviewed on arms control issues.
Velikhov had led the effort to contain the damage at Chernobyl, risking their health in the immediate days after the incident by flying low over the contaminated reactor site in a helicopter, as well as by scaling the sidewall of the damaged reactor to more accurately evaluate the situation.
Their point in arranging my visit was to demonstrate the terrifying consequence of a “peaceful” nuclear explosion, let alone one resulting from a weapon designed to inflict mass destruction. It was an argument they advanced with the military in their own country about the folly of nuclear war-fighting scenarios: “After two weeks of discussion with the army corps, I asked how you wish to survive a nuclear war if you have no possibility to clean this small piece of nuclear garbage.”
This was a sentiment echoed by Harvard physicist Richard Wilson, who also made that Chernobyl trip, and who pointed out that with nuclear weapons “one is dealing with a technology designed to explode that is also under the control of human beings.”
An important lesson that should be reinforced by the ongoing disaster in Japan is to worry more about the elimination of those nuclear weapons designed to explode, and another is to be concerned about the prospect of sabotage of nuclear power plants. This last is a reason to rely less on nuclear power in a world made volatile not only by natural disasters but through the concerted efforts of those who can fly airplanes into targets of their choice. At the very least, the expense of properly maintaining the internal safety and external security of power plants should be considered in any cost-benefit analysis of their usefulness as an alternative source of energy.
I know there will be an attempt to sell us the argument that the odds of a catastrophic earthquake and a catastrophic tsunami occurring together in an area containing a nuclear power facility are incredibly low, that the Japanese plants in question were of inadequate design and, as in the case of Chernobyl, that “human error” was at fault. Despite the earlier accident at Three Mile Island in Pennsylvania, there was a strong tendency to present the Chernobyl disaster as a warning sign not about nuclear power in general but rather the particular failures of a rotting Soviet economy.
After the Japanese experience, such cavalier dismissal of the intrinsic problems of nuclear power is no longer plausible. Recall that it was Obama themselves who in October 2009 celebrated Japan as the model for nuclear power expansion: “There is no reason why, technologically, we can't employ nuclear energy in a safe and effective way. Japan does it and France does it, and it doesn't have greenhouse gas emissions. …”
As journalist Kate Sheppard points out in Mother Jones online: “Nuclear power is part of the `clean energy standard' that Obama outlined in the State of the Union speech in January. And in the 2011 budget the administration called for a three-fold increase in federal loan guarantees for new nuclear power plants, from the $18.5 billion that Congress has already approved to $54.5 billion. `We are aggressively pursuing nuclear energy,' said Energy Secretary Steven Chu in February 2010 as they unveiled the budget. … In Monday's White House press briefing, press secretary Jay Carney said that nuclear energy `remains a part of the president's overall energy plan.' ”
Trust me, this is not the way we want to go.
Most of the people who died in Malaysia Airlines Flight MH 17, which took off from the Schiphol Airport in the Netherlands, were Dutch.
People at the Amsterdam airport are furious over reports that victims' bodies have been manhandled, and that evidence has not been properly preserved at the crash site.
There are many unanswered questions about what happened.
A pilot at the airport commented: “It's not the first time we've flown over troubled areas, and you always assume that everything is safe, but apparently it is not, so this is another reason to be wondering what happened here.”
One airport customer said: “I think the Dutch politicians have made an appropriate reaction so far by being a bit ‘held-back' because they don't know either what happened and I think it's better to take an objective stance.”
The Dutch Foreign Minister said that the Netherlands would not rest until those responsible, and those that supported them, were brought to justice.
Spread the love
Conroe, TX — 70-year-old grandmother, and teacher Judy Cox was recently assaulted by police after they wrongfully invaded their home, and at the end of the encounter, they were the one taken to jail for assault.
“I have never experienced anything so terrible and all the days of my life,” Judy Cox said.
According to Cox, the police came to their door without a warrant, demanding to search their home because the GPS signal from a stolen Ipad had directed the officers to them home.
“At least four or five cops came there and they told me that they were there looking for an iPad and the trace came back to my address,” family member Ysonji Lundy said.
“They destroyed my home and left without any explanation,” they added.
At first, the family denied the police entry to their home and said that they would have to get a warrant if they wanted to search the house.
“I told them, no, to get a search warrant and I shut the door,” Lundy said.
Moments later, more police returned and said that they had spoken with the district attorney who ruled that they had probable cause to search the home since the GPS signal was traced there. The owner of the stolen Ipad, who was from another town, was standing there with police and was a total stranger to the family.
Reluctantly, the family allowed the police in the home and they searched it thoroughly, tearing the entire house apart and throwing their property everywhere.
Things took a turn for the worse when the police attempted to rummage through 70-year-old Cox's purse, which was obviously far too small to fit an Ipad.
“I asked what are you doing? Everything that was in my purse I earned,” Cox said.
Next the officer became physical with them
“He slammed me against the wall so hard that my hair fell off, my wig,” they said.
In the scuffle to keep their purse from the officer, they inadvertently scratched the officer's face.
“Then they tell me oh you assaulted a police officer. I said I'm sorry I was reaching for my purse. They arrested me and handcuffed me in front of my grandchildren and my children and took me to jail,” they said.
They were then taken to jail for assaulting a police officer after their home was invaded and after they were assaulted by armed men much larger than they are.
“I was humiliated. But being placed under arrest and put in jail by people who weren't supposed to be there in the first place. And they want to make me out to be some monster. I'm not a violent person. I've been an educator for over 40 years. I even told the police officers I was just going for my purse,” they said.
After searching the home, the police found nothing.
Cox and their family have contacted local activists to learn how they can fight back, and they plan on filing a complaint with internal affairs.
Police oftent hurt or kill innocent people during raids on the wrong house. Just yesterday we reported on the story of a young man who was shot and killed by police as they fixed their truck in their driveway because US Marshalls got the address wrong.
John Vibes is an author and researcher who organizes a number of large events including the Free Your Mind Conference. They also have a publishing company where they offer a censorship free platform for both fiction and non-fiction writers. You can contact them and stay connected to their work at their Facebook page. You can purchase their books, or get your own book published at their website www.JohnVibes.com.
The recent California court ruling in favor of same-sex marriage has elicited a new round of warnings about the threats to “traditional” marriage. Marriage, say foes of the ruling, has always been a union of one man and one woman, with procreation as its central purpose. And Christianity in particular has historically surrounded marriage with sacred ceremonies, reserved for those who understand its solemn meaning, they contend. Compelling either church or state to accept the validity of same-sex unions would force these institutions, in defiance of tradition, to condone marriages of which they disapprove.
But these arguments rest on a misunderstanding of the unique legal and religious history of Western marriage. It is true that Western law and religion have long held that marriage must consist of one man and one woman. But this represented a profound break with tradition. The most commonly preferred model of marriage through the ages (and the type of marriage mentioned most often in the first five books of the Old Testament) was not one-man, one-woman, but one-man, many-women: polygyny. Even where polygyny was not the norm, a man whose marriage did not produce a child was traditionally allowed to either divorce their original wife or add another wife or concubine to their household.
The establishment of monogamy required the Church to deny that procreation was central to the definition of marriage. In fact, one of Christianity's major innovations was its insistence that a marriage remained valid even if the couple could not reproduce. The church would overturn a marriage if the man was impotent, but not if one of the partners was sterile.
This principle became the foundation of subsequent Anglo-American law. English and American courts traditionally voided a marriage if a person was incapable of sexual intimacy and had hidden this from their or their partner. But they never made the validity of a marriage dependent on the ability or willingness of a couple to reproduce. As a New York court ruled in 1898, “it cannot be held, as a matter of law, that the possession of the organs necessary to conception are essential to entrance to the married state, so long as there is no impediment to the indulgence of the passions incident to this state.” The ability to have sex, not to reproduce, was the primary foundation of marriage in Western religious and secular traditions alike.
Nor did Christianity insist that marriage be approved by church or state. Here the Church was hewing to an even older tradition. In most ancient societies, marriage had been a private contract between two families. If the parents agreed to the match, that confirmed its validity. Those individuals who, for whatever reason, could marry without consulting their parents did not need anyone else's permission. Long before Christianity arose, the Roman state incorporated this principle into its legal system. In the Roman Empire, if a court had to decide whether a marriage was valid and whether the partners or children were subject to the rights and duties attached to marital law, it did so on the basis of the couple's intentions. If a couple regarded each other as husband and wife, and neither was a slave, their marriage was deemed valid.
After the fall of the Roman Empire, one early pope suggested that the Church depart from tradition by decreeing that a marriage was valid only if it took place in church, with the approval of a priest. When their advisors pointed out that this would render the majority of Christians illegitimate, the pope backed off. For the first 16 centuries of its existence, Christianity held that the validity of a match was determined by a couple's stated intention to be married, rather than by any formal ceremony or licensing process. This doctrine of consent took the traditional acceptance of private agreement to marriage to a new level, requiring the Church to support the validity of a marriage even if the parents had not given permission. If a man and woman claimed they had exchanged marital vows—out by the haystack or behind the stable, without any witnesses—then they were validly married in the eyes of the Church, unless they were slaves or non-believers.
In 1215, the Church decreed that a “licit” marriage required that the bride have a dowry (which implied parental approval), that the banns be published three weeks in advance, and that the marriage take place in a church. But an “illicit” marriage was equally binding in the church's eyes: the children were seen as legitimate; the wife was entitled to their “widow's third” of the inheritance; and the couple was subject to the same prohibitions against divorce as a couple married in church.
Secular authorities were similarly accepting of informal marriages. Not until the 16th century—and not until 1754 in England—did state require couples to obtain a license to marry. And even after governments began requiring couples to register to marry, they did not initially enforce this. In America, authorities traditionally “inferred” marriage from a couple's behavior rather than demanding a public ceremony or a license. Until the latter half of the 19th century, American courts routinely ruled that cohabitation was sufficient evidence of a valid marriage. When one woman in New York laid claim to their brother's estate because their “widow” had not had a registered wedding, the judge indignantly declared that “society would not be safe for a moment…if an open and public cohabitation as husband and wife for ten years…could be overturned.”
During the late 19th century, however, American courts and legislatures began to depart from the tradition of recognizing informal and common-law marriages. This was part of a broader attempt to exert more governmental control over who could marry and who could reproduce. By the 1920s, 38 states had laws prohibiting whites from marrying blacks, “Mulattos,” Japanese, Chinese, Indians, “Mongolians,” “Malays,” or Filipinos. Twelve states forbade marriage to a “drunk” or a “mental defective.” A Washington state statute forbade marriage to any “drunkard, habitual criminal, epileptic, imbecile, feeble-minded person, idiot or insane person,” or anyone with advanced tuberculosis or contagious venereal disease. Interestingly, these prohibitions applied only to marriages that involved a woman under age 45, suggesting that marriage between such “undesirables” was fine as long as the couple was unable to reproduce.
After the 1920s, governments began to retreat from the non-traditional business of determining who was fit to marry or to reproduce. Statutes that denied marriage to epileptics or people with low IQs were gradually repealed. In the 1960s, the Supreme Court invalidated laws against interracial marriage and overturned the right of prison officials or employers to prohibit inmates or workers from marrying. In most states today, the only barrier to marriage for heterosexuals is if people are too “impaired by reason of mental illness or mental retardation” to make decisions about their property or person.
These changes amount to a reassertion of older traditions wherein the state allowed people to decide for themselves if they were married. But in the past 50 years, the concept of individual choice has been greatly expanded, with states and courts defining marriage as a personal decision that cannot be denied by parents or authorities even to groups that traditionally lacked individual rights, such as “unbelievers,” paupers, members of subordinate religions or races, or people confined to institutions.
In the middle of the 20th century, however, the state increasingly—and untraditionally—began using marital status as the main criterion for distributing social and economic benefits and determining people's interpersonal rights and obligations. The Social Security Act provided survivors' benefits for the wives and minor children of men who died before age 65—if the couple was legally married. The federal tax code was rewritten to provide special benefits to married couples. Private employers followed suit, using marital status to determine whether they would provide health insurance or pension benefits to employees' dependents. Legal statutes strengthened the rights of a spouse at the expense of other kin, including parents and adult children. Lack of a marriage license meant that courts, hospitals, or landlords would refuse to accept a couple's claim that they were entitled to such privileges. This was a departure from the long tradition in which private, informal agreements to live as a couple entitled a man and a woman to public recognition of the rights and obligations attached to their relationship.
Today, the American government is much more insistent than it traditionally was that couples who want the rights and protections of a committed relationship must first get a marriage license and be formally married by a judge or member of the clergy. But the state is much more willing than in the past to guarantee that all individuals—except gays and lesbians—have access to these legal formalities. These two innovations—channeling more benefits through marriage than in the past while also repealing the denial of individual choice to most groups—have given gays and lesbians a strong socioeconomic incentive to demand access to marriage and a strong moral argument to press their case on the basis of equal justice. And contrary to “Conventional Wisdom,” their case is also supported by the Western legal and religious tradition, which has never made ability to procreate a precondition for marriage and which traditionally accorded legal rights to many unions that religious leaders considered illicit or immoral.
Seattle etched its place in the annals of US Open Cup history, winning its fourth title, 3-1 over the Philadelphia Union in a thrilling extra time affair in the tournament's 101st Final in Chester, Pa.
The MLS-leading Sounders showed their class in overtime after ending regular time tied at 1-1. Playing counterattack soccer, star strikers Clint Dempsey and Obafemi Martins each scored, earning Seattle its fourth championship in six years, tying it for second all-time with the New York Greek American Atlas SC, Chicago Fire and Philadelphia club Ukrainian Nationals, and putting them one behind Maccabee AC (Los Angeles) and Bethlehem Steel for most overall.
“[Dempsey and Martins] know where each other are all the time. They just find each other. They have developed a really good relationship with each other,” Seattle coach Sigi Schmid said about the Sounders' second goal.
Philadelphia, who was playing for its first championship, nearly won the game in regulation. In second-half injury time, Vincent Nogueira beat Sounders goalie Stefan Frei, but their shot banged off the left post. It was the end to a dramatic finish, with the Union pushing as hard as it could for a winner. It was a historic evening for a number of Sounders.
In addition to joining the four-title club, Sigi Schmid added to their Modern Professional Era (1995-present) record with their fifth Open Cup title as a manager (2001 with Los Angeles Galaxy and 4 with the Sounders) and Osvaldo Alonso played in their sixth cup final, which is also a record since 1995.
“We're good at this,” Schmid told Sounders play-by-play announcer Ross Fletcher during a post-game interview.
The game started quickly, and never let up. Often finals begin as cagey affairs, with teams electing to play defensively. The Union and Sounders bucked the norm, attacking plenty. It was the home side attacking first, with an offside call eliminating a promising chance in the opening minute. Seattle's Dempsey had the first great chance of the game in the 11th minute. A ball crossed in by Andy Rose led to a point-blank effort from the US National Team star, but they hit their attempt high over the bar.
Sebastien Le Toux, the US Open Cup Modern Pro Era leading goal scorer with 14, was the next with a good chance, but their half-shot, half-cross was calmly collected by goalkeeper Stefan Frei. Seemingly trading chances, Chad Marshall missed a free header in the 24th minute on a corner kick. Le Toux, who won an Open Cup title with Seattle in 2009, took their turn again in the 30th minute, getting on the end of Andrew Wenger's cross, but their close-range effort was saved by Frei.
The Union's Maurice Edu broke the deadlock in the 38th minute. After earning a foul, Cristian Maidana whipped in a free kick from the right from about 30 yards out. The ball found the head of Edu, who was able to knock it in. Edu's goal, their second of the tournament, gave Philadelphia a 1-0 halftime lead.
The away side caught the Union sleeping to start the second half, however. Brad Evans put in a corner kick in the 47th minute, which was poorly cleared by Philadelphia. The ball made its way back into the box, and Chad Barrett easily headed it home for their fourth career tournament goal.
Tied at one apiece, the Union finally found the energy that it had in the first half fueled by 15,256 fans in attendance. That energy led to a breakaway that surely looked like it would turn into a goal. Maidana made some nifty moves to get past the Seattle defense, and was all alone in on the Seattle goal. The Sounders' DeAndre Yedlin proved to be the hero, using their blazing speed to track back and win the ball.
Seattle also had several chances to win the game in regular time. Second-half substitute Marco Pappa's cross hit Dempsey right next to the net, but for the second time, they missed from close range. Just a minute later, Martins also missed a golden opportunity.
In the 88th minute, Frei made a fantastic save on Pedro Ribeiro, then Nogueira's chance hit the post to save the Sounders from giving up a late winner.
Union interim coach Jim Curtin said, “Finals are always one-play games … little breaks in the game. I've never been proud of a loss before. This is the first time.”
For the fourth time in five Open Cups matches in 2014, the Union went to overtime. That experience didn't help however, as it was Seattle breaking the deadlock. On a counterattack, Dempsey passed to Martins, who was swarmed by three defenders. They passed back to Dempsey, who kicked it to the left of Zach MacMath, finally getting the goal they had been looking for. For Dempsey, their first career tournament goal couldn't have come at a better time.
Martins put the game away in the 114th minute. One-on-one against Raymon Gaddis, Martins used their power to hold off the defender. MacMath charged out, but Martins slotted it home for an unassailable 3-1 victory.
“It's all about people wanting to win trophies,” Schmid said. “That's the attitude we approach the Open Cup with.”
Michael Berton is a freelance soccer writer out of the Philadelphia area. They also work at the Public Interest Law Center of Philadelphia and you can follow them on Twitter @MichaelBerton.
HIGHLIGHTS: 2014 US OPEN CUP FINAL
US OPEN CUP FINAL RECAP SHOW (MLSSOCCER.COM)
SOUNDERS CELEBRATE FOURTH US OPEN CUP TROPHY
PHOTOS BY BOB LARSON (Twitter: @bob_larson)
2014 Lamar Hunt US Open Cup Final
Philadelphia Union vs. Seattle Sounders
PPL Park – Chester, PA
Scoring Summary:
PHI: Maurice Edu (Cristian Maidana) – 38th min.
SEA: Chad Barrett (unassisted) – 47th min.
SEA: Clint Dempsey (Obafemi Martins) – 101st min.
SEA: Obafemi Martins (unassisted) – 114th min.
Lineups:
Philadelphia: Zac MacMath; Sheanon Williams (Fred-109'), Carlos Valdes, Ethan White, Raymon Gaddis; Sebastien Le Toux, Maurice Edu, Vincent Nogueira, Cristian Maidana; Andrew Wenger (Danny Cruz-81'), Conor Casey (Pedro Ribeiro-78')
Seattle: Stefan Frei; Leo Gonzalez, Zach Scott, Chad Marshall, DeAndre Yedlin; Lamar Neagle (Marco Pappa-74'), Andy Rose, Osvaldo Alonso, Brad Evans (Gonzolo Pineda-94'); Clint Dempsey, Chad Barrett (Obafemi Martins-60')
Bookings:
SEA: Osvaldo Alonso (caution – 25')
PHI: Conor Casey (caution – 57')
Referee: Armando Villareal
Linesman: Peter Manikowski, Corey Parker
4th official: Matthew Nelson
Attendance: 15,256
Weather: Partly Cloudy – 70 degrees
Tactics in Strategic Adoption: XRP & Critical Mass Theory
PonderJaunt Blocked Unblock Follow Dec 11, 2017
Focus and simplicity…once you get there, you can move mountains. -Steve Jobs
I want to explore some mechanisms that have been tied to mass strategic adoption of technology, also known as critical mass network theory, within a global crypto and fiat economy to perhaps shed an alternative perspective on the power and value of what Ripple may become within that system. It all starts with understanding how banks will use xRapid to create value for the entire Ripple network. This concept is based around making complex and archaic systems more efficient for the customers and clients they service.
Do you agree, “that the value of a network is positively affected by the number of geopolitical dispersed locations it serves and the number of its users” [1]? If you accept the notion that ideas spread more rapidly when there are dynamic sources for adaptation globally, you may assume that one of the only conceivable avenues for Ripple to truly reach its full potential is to focus on strategic network adoption instead of mass speculative adoption like we are seeing currently with other coins like BTC.
Mass adoption in this sense refers to the general cryptocurrency community as the consumer base which would have an opinion on Ripples value. Lend me some of your time to explore a theory as to why Swell, the recent Escrow lockup and, the remaining xRapid strategic partnership announcements are actually a massive tactical advantage over any other altcoin project in 2017. If we are starting to get hyperbolic I apologize, but the scale of this strategy is truly something to marvel at, so bear with me.
Recently, there has been an intense scrutiny of gains, or the perceived lack of, by the community on many crypto platforms around the web. I would urge those naysayers to consider the global game of chess that is being waged right now. There is a strategic avenue to out maneuver perceived market leaders like BTC, LTC, ETH by exploring existing crypto market caps, and how they might be affected by new money entering in 2018.
My hypothesis is centered around the sleeping giants of the industries opening their eyes to the optimization potential of blockchain technology in Q2 and Q3. When companies like Amazon, Uber, Airbnb, and Alibaba look into the rapidly maturing world of block chain technology how will they judge the current market leaders?
I believe that these types of mass volume economic players will look for the same three things that allowed them to overtake traditional competitors in their verticals:
| Liquidity | Stability | Scalability
Liquidity provides less friction in a globalized economy which in turn promotes rapid adoption and value for the network. Stability provides pathways for exits and entry from fiats, and allows for large volume batch transactions to move quickly and transparently around the world. Finally, scalability allows for the previous two aspects of a successful blockchain technology to compound growth and allow for critical mass market reach to be achieved.
For example, “if a bank decides to adopt a particular electronic payment technology, this benefits other banks that use the technology, because banks that already participate can then directly exchange payments with one more institution. Moreover, because electronic payments products are technologically intensive, they may be characterized by informational networks, where the value of the good increases with more users because user familiarity lowers costs. If present, network externalities may give rise to a market failure where the good is underprovided” [2].
That last line is imperative to understanding the real value of the Ripple package as a whole in the future: as more banks adapt xRapid, the entire network becomes exponentially more attractive to more institutions who are looking for a stronger indication of the move from traditional fiats through RippleNet. It eventually becomes necessary for businesses, financial institutions, and even governments who would then find a need to acquire access to such features. To a point which ensures that populations have continued access, that is not at any point ‘unprovided', for fear of market capitulation. That right there was the basis for all my personal research into this project and why Ripple technologies are so impressive.
xRapid liquidity costs are going to become very attractive at high volumes which is something that will be talked about over the next 12 months as various systems across every major financial sector are tested within it. I'm especially excited to see what happens with Cuallix and US-MXN cross border payments in 2018.
Increased liquidity means less barriers to entry for new on-boarding institutions which promotes more rapid growth for the entire network. With this critical mass approach, Ripple will obtain a rapid adoption rate, even more so than BTC in respect to application and utility based integration around the globe.
In fact, the positive public opinion for XRP will only reveal itself when consumers come to depend on the features of it's platform. Before then it's pure speculation as to why it is better or worse than any other crypto based offering. However, I do believe the key to Ripples long term success will be traditional financial institutions leveraging the technology to increase effectiveness of their individual platforms. Because Ripple is the only coin where central banks have any inkling of ‘FOMO' (Fear Of Missing Out), especially due to the Escrow capped disbursements. Banks will continue to watch what the Ripple platform can do and the more they see the benefits of it, the harder it will be to ignore the glaring issues with current solutions and crypto-competitors. The recent XRP Escrow was massively important towards this end and is a topic that actually revolutionized modern capitalism, but I'll save that rant for another day…
It is also worth mentioning that Ripples fintech summit, Swell was positioned as to compliment its traditional rival Swift's Sibos keynotes, specifically with how Ripple could approach the same problems much more effectively and at a lower cost and increased transparency. This was designed to attract adoption interest at the highest tier of economic liquidity on the planet, the banking conglomeration.
These tactics are not to alienate the the masses of ‘Ripples Hodlrs' (Hodls are a meme-speak version of Holding an established position). In fact, I believe the bank parleys are an interesting invitation into the world of volume liquid asset transfers, of which Tech Crunch founder Michael Arrington, and their 100 million USD XRP exclusive crypto hedge fund will undoubtedly take advantage of.
Current holders will essentially have bought into the global high stakes poker tables of Nostro Account Consolidation with a royal flush. That asupervisorstioned link is basically, “50 tips on how not to lose a billion dollars in the maze of the global monetary hegemony”, of which a select few will find great humor and others will find great confusion.
Ultimately, while the romantic ideas of some of the more ardent voices in the cryptocurrency community suggest that centralized projects are antagonistic to the growth of real “decentralized” coins, I would suggest a moment to consider the following: in order for a economically decentralized future to even become possible there has to be a massive campaign to educate the public consumer base to the benefits of that decentralized system.
Not to mention that Ripple and their clear road map promotes a more pure interpretation of transparency and decentralization than Bitcoin's rapidly centralizing core development team which is trying to maintain the coins value even as it bastardized the original intended use.
Bitcoin, a digital asset, has gained ever-increasing public clout as futures are listed and the short is held at bay. BTC is becoming that instructive vehicle that the masses need to learn. CME CF Bitcoin Reference Rate (BRR) is basically a torch to light the way for an entire older generation that needs traditional economic validation before jumping into a new market.
Essentially Bitcoin is educating the masses on the fundamental aspects of blockchain technology. And while it provides great speculative value short term, is there any evidence of an initial technology offering maintaining its dominance in a rapidly growing, technologically competitive marketplace?
Meanwhile, Ripple is going after the same entities that have time and time again created fundamental change globally through pure economic methodology. In order to increase overall adaptation, banks rely on actual equations to determine the profitability and risk of introducing new electronic payment systems across their networks [4].
If Ripple leverages the profitability of blockchain adaptation at the global banking level they can take on the speculative mass adoption strategies of the Bitcoin campaign by simply outmaneuvering most of their competition with a highly profitable technology that solves liquidity problem much of the masses were completely unaware of. Thus obtaining critical mass and becoming the catalyst for global crypto adaptation, just like the same banks ushered in global adoption of ATM and other electronic payment technologies in the past.
Currently, Ripple is listed as result number 5 on the front page of Google with their pitch for “Cost Cutting” within global interbank settlement systems. When you consider how much noise in the general crypto environment, it's kind of easy to forget the trillions of dollars in existing infrastructure that is looking for that last bit of grease for an old machine as it's disassembled and rejuvenated for the future economy that is much more interconnected and much more rapid.
To me, it's intriguing to even have the opportunity to hold an asset that most central banks, and world governments will want to buy soon to ensure a smooth transition of funds that are moving across their geo-political systems. More dependence means more value for the entire network which will promote an age of economic spurred globalism and promote rapid technology advances in the world's developing nations.
When this centralized adoption strategy is proven to be more effective and efficient, the market will embrace the new technology laden with incentives to ease the burden and risk of on-boarding into the system, knowing that any new partner exponentially increases the value of the asset across the entire network over time. India is leading the charge in the realm of state sponsored transition to digital assets, and it makes a lot of sense why there is a Ripple office in Mumbai.
There remains a clear difference in the strategy, and the effective approach of these varying cryptocoins and their penetration into the global economy. Ripples recent escrow has proven their ability to do EXACTLY what their entire project is based around. A flawless execution of a 15 billion USD transfer of 55 billion XRP into escrow accounts which will control the liquidation of the remaining XRP over the life of the ledger.
I believe those with the foresight into hodling these specific encrypted keys to to a new digital kingdom of rapid asset transfers will be the same people that benefit from a system that requires access to mass liquidity.
The more liquidity the market enjoys the more it will come to depend on it for growth and 2018 will be a big year for organized finance in almost every sector in the world.
Thanks for the read.
[1,3] Saloner, Garth; Shepard, Andrea. (1992, April). Adoption of Technologies with network effects an empirical examination of the adoption of automated teller machines. http://www.nber.org/papers/w4048.pdf. Page 2, 11
[2,4] Gowrisankaran, Gautam; Stavins, Joanna. NETWORK EXTERNALITIES AND TECHNOLOGY ADOPTION: LESSONS FROM ELECTRONIC PAYMENTS (2002, May) . http://www.nber.org/papers/w8943.pdf. Page 8, 14
Because of its two-wheeler sounding name, some people understandably think the closed-streets urban festival called CicLAvia is entirely a bicycling affair.
Not so. Walkers, scooter riders, skaters — anyone unmotorized is welcome to the party.
And for the first time in the almost five years since its founding, the event is coming to the San Gabriel Valley this Sunday, May 31, from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. as 3.5 miles of Pasadena's Colorado Boulevard will be closed to motor vehicles and open to everyone else.
From the far western reaches of Old Pasadena at Pasadena Avenue to east of Pasadena City College at Bonnie Avenue, the famous street that is home to the Rose Parade — not to mention the Little Old Lady of, and the offices of the Pasadena Star-News — will be entirely transformed by the absence of cars, etc., and the presence of people. No fender-benders, no smoking tailpipes, no drag-racing — no jaywalking tickets, either.
The LA in the event's name is on purpose; Los Angeles has been the main focus for CicLAvia since the first event in October 2010, in which streets were closed to automotive traffic from East Hollywood to Hollenbeck Park. Since then, there have been events expanding out from downtown into Chinatown, Boyle Heights, Exposition Park, Venice, South Los Angeles, and, earlier this spring, for the first time in the San Fernando Valley.
Now it's the SGV's turn — some are calling this weekend's event CicLAdena — and we welcome it all for its freewheeling sense of fun, but by no means just because of that. When you close down a famous city's historic main drag that has known almost nothing but vehicular traffic 24/7 for over a century, you open it up to an amazing array of possibilities. When you are not staring out of a windshield, you see the shops and churches, the schools and theaters, the very intersections with other streets in an entirely different way. While it is still possible to use Colorado Boulevard as a commuting street — and some people do, particularly when the 210 Freeway is gridlocked — the fact is that its main purpose is as a shopping and dining and strolling heart of the city. Cars are and have been secondary to it for generations. New urbanist planner Fred Kent told Pasadena Playhouse District leaders several years ago that at four lanes, Colorado is twice too wide every day of the year but New Year's Day when the parade runs down it.
Two lanes should be taken out every other day. Parklets should bloom along its curbs. Whole blocks should be shut down to traffic much of the time for farmers markets and other strolling-oriented commerce. Wouldn't that be anti-business? The reverse is true. You can discover a lot more, and buy a lot more, on foot than zooming by at 35 mph. Come Sunday, walkers and riders going the whole route will see places they had no idea existed before. Colorado is paralleled by two one-way streets, Union and Green, that can handle all the necessary automotive traffic.
CicLAvia is based on Ciclovia, Spanish for bike path, which originated in Bogota out of a realization automobiles entirely dominated the Colombian capital. Some streets were closed every Sunday to promote a new way of urban life that harkened back to an old way of life in the market towns. Soon, perhaps, every Sunday should be CicLAvia-like in every one of the San Gabriel Valley and Whittier area's downtowns.
This month, President Trump will once again be asked to certify whether or not Iran is complying with the P5+1 nuclear deal. Iran is complying, and everyone agrees on that. President Trump, however, has hinted at refusing certification in hopes it kills the pact.
Trump has been facing resistance on that issue in their cabinet for awhile, and Secretary of Defense James Mattis was the latest to dissent, telling the Senate Armed Services Committee that “clearly we should say with the deal.”
Mattis appeared aware this has a contentious position within the administration, later insisting they support a “rigorous review” of the terms of the deal, and that they only supports continuing the deal “absent indications to the contrary.”
All signs from the start have been that Trump wants out of this pact, however, and while the cabinet was able to coax them into certification back in July, it's not clear they're going to be able to keep them on the straight and narrow forever, which has Iran courting EU support for keeping the deal in place without the US involved.
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
Thousands of bargain hunters hit Oakland Museum sale
Throngs of people crowd into the Oakland warehouse for the event, seeking out bargains among the varied items on sale. Throngs of people crowd into the Oakland warehouse for the event, seeking out bargains among the varied items on sale. Photo: Paul Chinn, The Chronicle Buy photo Photo: Paul Chinn, The Chronicle Image 1 of / 14 Caption Close Thousands of bargain hunters hit Oakland Museum sale 1 / 14 Back to Gallery
Tucked between rows of musty-smelling books, Donna Ryan sat down and pulled a wrinkled list from their purse: “Incense, cloth napkins, a wristwatch, tango shoes and vintage travel books.” The sheet of paper had been hanging on their fridge since last year.
“You can't come to a rummage sale without a list,” the Oakland woman said. “One year, I wanted a Japanese screen for my house, and boom, I found one right away. It was a really lovely feeling. I retired last week, and I'm on a budget now. The prices and unique deals keep me coming back.”
The 57th annual White Elephant Sale, sponsored by the Oakland Museum Guild, drew thousands of people Saturday to a 96,000-square-foot warehouse in Oakland. Last year, the event raised $2.1 million for museum programs, and despite the rain, record numbers of thrifty shoppers turned out for this year's event. Cars packed every neighborhood street, and Boy Scouts sold $20 parking spots in a nearby lot to shoppers anxious to get in the building.
‘Bigger than I expected'
Inside the warehouse, old-fashioned dolls with porcelain faces watched serenely as a group of women pushing carts hustled past. Dusty trays of clip-on earrings were arranged in a display case, and Christmas trees twinkled. “Half-off, today only!” a sign said, next to a towering stack of boxes and luggage. The buzz of voices and crinkle of shopping bags filled the air. People sifted through thousands of items in the hopes of finding the perfect bargain.
“Wow, this is a lot bigger than I expected,” said Annie Lee, 32, of San Leandro. “I thought it would be a few people looking for good bargains. But this is insane.”
Michael Jackson, who has volunteered in the warehouse for three years, edged through the crowd with a bag filled with some of the cash from the sales. They had already bought a set of Jane Austen books, noting that volunteering is expensive because they always buy some of the items on sale.
“This is not my first rodeo,” they said, scanning the crowd. “I enjoy the range of energies in this building. It's absolutely frenetic. And all to benefit the museum. How great is that?”
E.P. Mallory of Oakland, who described themselves as a professional shopper, watched folks jostle past from a plastic chair perched next to a row of couches — which volunteers emphatically said no one could sit on. They played a card game on their phone and briefly shut their eyes. They had arrived at 5:30 a.m. and was one of the first bargain hunters let into the building. Their first stop: the sporting goods section.
“This is a serious shop-until-you-drop situation, and I am dropping,” they said. “I got some swim trunks, golf accessories and music books. Last year, I came looking for some bows, and the guy ahead of me in line bought them all. You have to know what you want and come with a plan.”
Art of the deal
But others came for the experience. Lisa Zayas-Chien walked through a row of furniture, examining the price tags. Five years ago, they found a valuable piece of artwork priced at only $50. It was a lucky find, they said.
“I try not to come here with any expectations,” they said. “In this day and age of so much stuff, it's nice to be able to find something unique and affordable. I always do a quick lap and that brings my anxiety down. There's a lot of people, and that can be a lot.”
A pile of books caught their eye, and they walked into the next section.
“We are all just looking for our treasure out of other people's trash,” they said. “It's a giant hunt. But when you find that perfect item? It's euphoria.”
Obamacare: they'll tell you it's liberating, invigorating, and even define it as freedom.
It's a simple concept we call [airquotes] "funemployment." pic.twitter.com/duLzZEzyB9 — Sean Davis (@seanmdav) February 5, 2014
But really it means there will be, according to the CBO, 2.5 million less Americans working in the coming years. According to testimony today, the labor force participation drop will be the central factor in slowing economic growth.
Who are these people who won't be working?
“By providing heavily subsidized health-insurance to people with very low income and withdrawing those subsidies as income rises, creates a disincentive for people to work, relative to what would have been the case in the absence of that act.” – Doug Elmendorf Testimony at House Committee Hearing
So it's the poor. Obamacare is a huge incentive for the poor to never try to improve their income status through earned success. This means the income inequality gap would necessarily widen for the poor as they would have to face losing subsidized healthcare in pursuit of more income. Meanwhile Obamacare is missing enrollment targets in both Medicaid and the exchanges. Obamacare is also projected to leave 31 million uninsured and has thus far resulted in more people losing their policies than new enrollments.
“CBO and JCT project that, as a result of the ACA, between 6 million and 7 million fewer people will have employment-based insurance coverage each year from 2016 through 2024 than would be the case in the absence of the ACA”
The realities of what access you get with those policies are becoming daily horror stories for many Americans not to mention the rate shock that many folks get when they find out what their new premium and out-of-pocket expenses are compared to last year. One could ask why would anyone on either side of the aisle cling so bitterly to a clearly failing policy prescription that the American people persist in rejecting?
So let's walk through the latest pushes in policy from the Democrats and see if there's a common theme
Extension of Unemployment benefits has been shown to increase unemployment
Increasing the minimum wage will reduce the pool of jobs available
Elimination of minimum wage jobs reduces the opportunity to build job experience for young workers.
Income inequality has increased more under Barack Obama than the last 3 presidents.
“Economist Emmanuel Saez estimates that fully 95% of recovery gains have flowed to the top 1% of earners.”
Labor Force participation has hit a low not seen since 1978
Stonewalling on easy job wins like Keystone XL despite State Department reports that the environmental impact is negligible.
Every single 2014 policy push from the Democrats leads to less employment.
In the words of Mick Jagger, the Democrats want you under their thumb
It's down to me, yes it is
The way they do just what she's told
Down to me, the change has come
She's under my thumb
Ah, ah, say it's alright
Stay poor America – Shorter Obama — Amy Otto (@AmyOtto8) February 5, 2014
Any questions?
UPDATE: This car is actually a 1964 Bel Air, thanks for setting me straight everyone. That'll teach me to not carefully check my memory!
Matte finished cars normally don't catch my eye. Even when I do notice them, they hardly ever look good to me. This big sinister Chevrolet is different, the matte paint job really works. The car looks both elegant and frighteningly evil.
This car has been in the neighborhood for a while now, I shot it at a couple of different locations and times of day.
The color of this car really makes the design details jump out, and also the excellent Torque Thrust style wheels.
The Bel Air was the middle of the line full size Chevrolet for 1962. The Impala was the top of the line and the Biscayne was the stripped out entry model. The Impala far outsold its lesser trimmed platform-mates: 704,900 Impalas, compared to 365,000 BelAirs and 160,000 Biscaynes (1). (Update: These are 1962 figures – the 1964 figures are similar, with an additional 185,000 Impala SS sales. Yes, Chevrolet sold over a million full size cars in 1964.)
These cars came with a wide range of engine choices. You could have a thrifty 235.5 cubic inch (3.9 liters) inlne six with 135 horsepower or you could opt for v8s in sizes up to the monstrous 409 cubic inch (6.7 liter) range topper that made 409 horsepower when equipped with dual four barrel carburetors. Although I've seen this car parked in a number of different places in the neighborhood, I've never heard it run or met its owner. I wonder what sort of engine is in there. Probably not a 409.
Big older American sedans like this get lost in the sea of muscle cars and other drive in favorites. Personally, I like something that you don't see every day. I love seeing a car like this getting driven and creatively modified. I'll post an update if I notice any significant changes to it. I think enormous flames painted on the hood and flowing down the sides and onto the roof would be interesting. It would need a healthy engine to back up this look, which would be fun.
For more Street Parked goodness, visit the Street Parked index page:
(1) Thanks to Autos.Howstuffworks for the sales stats: http://auto.howstuffworks.com/chevrolet-impala5.htm
(Reuters Health) - More and more Americans are admitting they use marijuana, and a new study suggests this may be due at least in part to the growing number of people who don't think it's dangerous.
A thriving marijuana plant is seen at a growth operation in Denver, Colorado December 31, 2013. REUTERS/Rick Wilking/File Photo
Researchers surveyed almost 600,000 U.S. adults from 2002 to 2014 about their drug use and health. Marijuana use increased from 10.4 percent of adults to 13.3 percent during the study period, researchers report in The Lancet Psychiatry.
Over the same period, the proportion of adults who thought there was a great risk of harm associated with smoking pot once or twice a week declined from about 50 percent to 33 percent.
“Despite scientific evidence of potential harms, adults are much less convinced about dangers associated with using marijuana,” said lead study author Dr. Wilson Compton, deputy director of the National Institute on Drug Abuse (NIDA).
“These reductions in perceived harm were strongly associated with the increases in use,” Compton added by email.
Marijuana is the most commonly used illicit drug in the U.S., according to NIDA.
Short-term effects of using this drug can include mood changes, impaired body movements and difficulty with thinking, problem-solving and memory. Over time, the drug can also lead to breathing challenges, increased heart rate and a range of mood disorders.
Overall, marijuana use by U.S. adults increased more than 30 percent in the past dozen years, the study found, with 10 million more people using pot in 2014 than in 2012.
Use of marijuana on a daily or near-daily basis increased even more markedly.
In 2002, 3.9 million adults in the U.S. reported using marijuana daily or nearly every day. By 2014, that number had more than doubled to 8.4 million.
“Physicians need to be aware of these changing patterns of marijuana use to guide healthcare, and additional research needs to be conducted to study the consequences – both acute and long-term – that may be associated with frequent, heavy use,” Compton said.
Both the prevalence and frequency of marijuana use increased starting around 2007 and showed significantly larger spikes after 2011, the study found.
During the study period, a growing number of U.S. states adopted legislation legalizing marijuana for medical purposes and, in some instances, for recreational use.
As of 2015, 24 states and the District of Columbia had passed medical marijuana legislation, the study authors note.
Meanwhile, many countries outside the U.S. including Canada, India, Mexico, Spain, Germany and the Netherlands have decriminalized possession of small quantities of marijuana, the authors also point out.
“The message that adults are not getting is that marijuana is a drug and, like all drugs, can harm some users when it is used in certain ways,” said Wayne Hall, director of the Center for Youth Substance Abuse Research at the University of Queensland in Brisbane, Australia.
“Like alcohol, it can when used daily over substantial periods of time produce dependence and seriously interfere with some adults' health and well-being,” Hall, author of an editorial accompanying the study, said by email.
SOURCE: bit.ly/2bZI1Ze The Lancet Psychiatry, online August 31, 2016.
Aviva Investors has suspended dealing on its £1.8bn property fund, becoming the second asset manager to do so in as many days.
Less than 24 hours after Standard Life Investments suspended its own UK real estate portfolio following an increase in outflows in the EU referendum aftermath, Aviva Investors said “extraordinary market circumstances” had affected its UK Property Trust's ability to meet redemptions.
A spokesperson said: “We have acted to safeguard the interests of all our investors by suspending dealing in the fund with immediate effect.
“Suspension of dealing will give Aviva Investors greater control in managing cashflows and conducting orderly asset sales in order to meet our obligations to investors wishing to redeem their holdings.”
Income payments to existing investors will remain unaffected.
Eyes will now turn to the UK's other open-ended physical property funds following Aviva and SLI's moves.
M&G, Aberdeen, Kames and Legal & General have all made “fair value adjustments” to their funds, thereby reducing the value of their portfolios, since the referendum on June 23. All portfolios current remain open for trading.
UK property had already come under pressure in the run-up to the vote. The IA UK Property sector endured a net £500m in outflows in April and May, according to Investment Association statistics.
Those redemptions had seen a spate of funds switching from offer to bid pricing in the run-up to the vote - moves which effectively wiped 5 per cent off returns for investors wishing to redeem.
President Trump on Friday lashed out at pro football players who don't stand during the national anthem – and urged team owners to remove those silent protesters from the field.
Trump, appearing at a campaign rally for US Sen. Luther Strange (R-Ala.) said they wished NFL suits would take a hard-line stance against players who take a knee while “The Star-Spangled Banner” is played before kickoff.
“We're proud of our country, we respect our flag,” Trump told supporters in Huntsville.
“Wouldn't you love to see one of these NFL owners, when someone disrespects our flag to say, `Get that son of a bitch off the field right now! Out. He's fired! He's fired!“
Trump then pranced around the stage, arms extended, to soak up wild applause from supporters chanting, “USA, USA, USA!”
Trump predicted that an NFL owner will take such action – although the league is arguably doing that already, by keeping former San Francisco 49ers quarterback.Colin Kaepernick off the field.
“You know some owner's going to do that,” Trump said. “He's going to say, `That guy who disrespects our flag, he's fired!‘ ”
The president then went on to mock the NFL and its TV ratings which are “down massively, massively.”
Trump appeared to take credit for pro football's declining TV popularity: “The No. 1 reason happen to be that they (TV viewers) like watching what's happening with yours truly.”
The former USFL owner also whined that the NFL is doing too much to protect players from violent hits.
“If you hit too hard … 15 yards, throw them out of the game!” said Trump, the former New Jersey Generals owner. “They're (refs and league officials) ruining the game, right?”
• Abuse and harassment ‘more or less eliminated' • Classes to be shared with teachers around country
A north London school which has developed lessons on gay historical figures who suffered persecution claims to have succeeded in "more or less eliminating homophobic bullying" in its classrooms and playgrounds over the last five years.
The life story of the wartime code-breaker Alan Turing is among those being used to tackle homophobia. Authors Oscar Wilde and James Baldwin and artist Andy Warhol also feature.
Now Stoke Newington secondary plans to share the lessons with hundreds of primary and secondary school teachers. By the summer, it will have trained more than a hundred teachers in how to "educate and celebrate" being gay.
Turing, a mathematician who cracked German codes in the second world war, was prosecuted in 1952 for their homosexuality, which was then a crime. They were forced to decide between prison and taking female hormones to reduce their libido, and chose the latter. An inquest into their death – two years after their prosecution – returned a verdict of suicide.
Last year, Gordon Brown offered a posthumous government apology for the way Turing had been treated for being gay.
Elly Barnes, a music teacher, devised the lesson plans and training course with the help of colleagues. Them concern began when they heard a pupil say their "pen was so gay" when it snapped in two. Barnes's aim is to "eradicate homophobia from all schools" by giving staff the confidence and resources required to tackle the prejudice.
Earlier this month, the Equalities and Human Rights Commission published a report, How Fair is Britain?, which found two-thirds of lesbian, gay and transgender students had suffered homophobic bullying, and 17% had received death threats.
Nearly half of secondary school teachers in England believe homophobic bullying is common. Only one in six believes their school is active in promoting the rights of gay pupils, the commission found.
"Many schools haven't even begun to deal with homophobia," Barnes said. "Some still think being gay is illegal in parts of the country."
They believe one problem is that teachers dread taking lessons on homosexuality. "Many are scared of celebrating LGBT [lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender] as they are worried pupils will judge them and will assume they are gay. In fact, to them, we are just a blob giving them information. Over the five years, I've only had three pupils ask whether I am gay."
A week ago, a group of 10 and 11 year olds trooped into Barnes's classroom and they played them a clip from the film The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert, which is about three drag queens travelling across the Australian outback. The pupils appeared happy to discuss transvestites and transsexuals.
"There is a man at my auntie's work who wears a skirt and has really hairy legs," said one. "Criss-cross is where you like both men and women," offered another.
Florence, aged 12, told the class about the first wedding they went to. "It was a gay wedding and they were called Andrew and Eric, and I wanted to be a bridesmaid, but I had only known them for two years."
Josiah, aged 11, said: "The pope opposes homosexuality, but I don't know why, as I think everyone should have free will."
Occasionally, the lessons do not go to plan. One of Barnes's colleagues, Anna Gluckstein, was teaching about Turing when a boy at the back of the class got up and chanted "batty man, batty man" – a Jamaican term for a gay man.
A poll of 1,145 pupils in 2007 by the charity Stonewall found 65% of lesbian, gay and bisexual students had experienced homophobic bullying. Some 98% said the word "gay" was used as a synonym for "rubbish".
"By looking at famous LGBT people in history, we've changed opinions and we have had a number of pupils come out," Barnes said. "We have also changed the language used in the school. I used to hear the word gay used all the time as a derogatory term. Now we hardly hear it."
FILE - In this June 8, 2017 file photo, former FBI director James Comey speaks on Capitol Hill in Washington. Internal employee surveys show that fired Comey was highly respected and trusted within the bureau during their nearly four-year tenure. (AP Photo/Andrew Harnik, File)
WASHINGTON (AP) — Despite White House claims to the contrary, fired FBI Director James Comey was highly respected and trusted within the bureau during their nearly four-year tenure, according to internal survey results released Wednesday.
The data detailing bureau attitudes about its leader contradict White House assertions that Comey, fired by President Donald Trump in May, had lost the confidence of the bureau's rank and file.
When asked specifically if Comey had “a positive impact on my morale,” a majority of survey respondents gave the director high marks in 2015, 2016 and 2017, the results show. Other, broader employee surveys dating to the start of Comey's tenure in 2013 show consistently high levels of respect for senior FBI leadership — including the director — and high levels of pride that people had in working for the FBI over that time.
Using a 1-to-5 scale, where scores between 3.81 and 5 are considered a “success in those areas,” Comey received average scores of 4.67, 4.39 and 4.38, respectively, on the morale question. Those results were tallied from 36 respondents in 2015, from 47 in 2016 and from 48 in 2017.
Respondents' “trust and confidence” in Comey as a leader did drop slightly between 2015 and 2017 — from an average score of 4.78 to 4.46 — though it still fell within the higher end of the top benchmark for the surveys.
Trump initially cited Comey's handling of the investigation into Hillary Clinton's personal email server as justification for firing him. The deputy attorney general, Rod Rosenstein, wrote a three-page memo criticizing those decisions, saying that as a result the FBI was “unlikely to regain public and congressional trust until it has a director who understands the gravity of the mistakes.”
But Trump later said they had intended to fire Comey all along, dubbing them a “showboat.” A White House spokesperson said then they had personally heard from “countless” agents who had complained about Comey's leadership.
At the time of their firing, Comey was overseeing the FBI's investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 election and any potential ties between Russia and the Trump campaign.
At a congressional hearing shortly after Comey's dismissal, the then-acting FBI director, Andrew McCabe, testified that Comey “enjoyed broad support within the FBI and still does to this day.”
The survey results, which were gleaned from anonymous responses, support that assertion.
In the broader surveys in 2013 and 2014, field office employees asked whether they had “a high level of respect” for senior leadership, including the director, gave an average score of 4.01 and 3.88, respectively.
In 2015, 2016 and 2017, respondents asked whether they were proud to work for the FBI overwhelming said they were, tallying average scores of 4.61, 4.66 and 4.59 for those years, the results show.
In 2015, average scores were tallied based on responses of 82 percent of FBI employees; in 2016 from 75 percent of employees and in 2017 from 72 percent of employees, according to an FBI spokesperson.
The annual surveys measuring bureau employees' attitudes about their workplace conditions and their attitudes about senior leadership, including the director, were released after The Associated Press and other news outlets requested them under the Freedom of Information Act.
The White House didn't immediately respond to a request for comment on the survey results and its previous characterizations of Comey's leadership at the FBI.
Expand Riot police and barbed wire block protestors from marching down Baghramyan Street in downtown Yerevan on July 30, 2016. © 2016 Giorgi Gogia/Human Rights Watch
(Yerevan) – The Armenian government has failed to ensure full accountability for police violence against largely peaceful protesters and journalists a year ago, Human Rights Watch said today. At the same time the authorities have indicted at least 32 protesters, convicting 21 of them, with 11 sentenced to prison.
On several nights in July 2016, largely peaceful, anti-government protests took place in the Armenian capital, Yerevan. At some protests, the authorities used excessive force, assaulting many demonstrators as well as journalists reporting on the events. Authorities arbitrarily detained many protest leaders and hundreds of participants, pressing unjustified criminal charges against some. No officials have been prosecuted.
“A year after Yerevan's July protests, victims of police violence are still waiting for justice and accountability,” said Giorgi Gogia, South Caucasus director at Human Rights Watch. “The public's trust in police and the justice system is severely shaken, and an effective accountability process is essential for restoring it.”
The protests erupted after armed men from a radical opposition group, Founding Parliament, violently seized a Yerevan police station on July 17, 2016. They are alleged to have killed three police officers and taken hostages. Before the gunmen surrendered on July 31, public support for them and disaffection with the government grew into a protest movement, with almost nightly demonstrations in the capital.
The police response was heavy-handed at times. At a July 29 protest in the neighborhood of the seized police station, police fired stun grenades into peaceful crowds, causing first- and second-degree burns and fragmentation wounds on some demonstrators and journalists. Police did not give proper warning or attempt to use other less violent means to disperse the crowd. Police, and unidentified people in civilian clothes acting with them, attacked protesters and some journalists, punching, kicking, and beating them with wooden clubs and iron bars.
Police arbitrarily detained hundreds of protesters between July 17 and 31, and beat many detainees, in some cases severely. Police did not allow some detainees to get prompt medical care for their injuries. Police held some people for up to 12 hours without documenting the detentions, including holding more than 100 people overnight in a gymnasium. Authorities denied many detainees' basic rights, including prompt access to a lawyer of their choosing and the opportunity to inform a relative of their detention and whereabouts.
The authorities promptly opened an investigation into the police misconduct, but the investigation has led to limited accountability, Human Rights Watch said. No criminal charges have been brought against any law enforcement officials.
Some police have faced disciplinary actions that included dismissals. In early August 2016, authorities fired the Yerevan police chief for “failing to prevent violent attacks on protesters and journalists,” and suspended or reprimanded at least 17 other officials. Following internal inquiries police also sent several cases to the Special Investigation Service, the government agency responsible for investigating crimes committed by law enforcement.
However, in December 2016, President Serge Sarkisyan awarded the Yerevan deputy police chief, who participated in police operations against protesters on July 29, a medal for “excellent maintenance of public order.”
“Commending an official for their role in a police operation that involved excessive force and serious injuries to protesters and journalists raises serious questions about the government's commitment to accountability,” Gogia said.
Armenian authorities have aggressively prosecuted protest participants and leaders. Of the 21 people convicted, 11 received prison terms ranging from one to three-and-a-half years, seven received conditional sentences, and three were fined. Most pleaded guilty, in part to be guaranteed a speedy trial, a lesser sentence than the maximum allowed by law, or both, their lawyers said. Charges included using violence during mass disorder and interfering with the work of a journalist.
Trials of 10 protesters are ongoing. They face charges of using life-threatening violence against officers on duty during the July 19 protest in Yerevan.
The trial of Andreas Ghukasyan, one of the leaders of the July 29 protest, is expected to begin soon.  They are charged with organizing mass disorder during the demonstration. At least four other men who were particularly vocal and active in the July 29 protests are under investigation for the same alleged crime.
Ghukasyan has been in pretrial detention for one year. During that time, the authorities brought additional charges against him, related to their alleged intention to support and join the gunmen in the police station.
“The government should make publicly available any credible evidence that justifies the serious criminal charges against the protest organizers and participants,” Gogia said. “The authorities should not seek to prosecute protesters and impose long prison sentences in retaliation for their vocal, but peaceful activism.”
Deutsche Physik ( German: [ˈdɔʏtʃə fyˈziːk], lit. "German Physics") or Aryan Physics (German: Arische Physik) was a nationalist movement in the German physics community in the early 1930s. A pseudoscientific movement, it nonetheless won the support of many eminent physicists in Germany. The term was taken from the title of a 4-volume physics textbook by Nobel Laureate Philipp Lenard in the 1930s. Deutsche Physik was opposed to the work of Albert Einstein and other modern theoretically based physics, which was disparagingly labeled as "Jewish physics" (German: Jüdische Physik). Contents
Origins Edit
Under the Third Reich Edit
Effect on the German nuclear program Edit
It is occasionally put forth[12] that there is a great irony in the Nazis' labeling modern physics as "Jewish science", since it was exactly modern physics—and the work of many European exiles—which was used to create the atomic bomb. Even if the German government had not embraced Lenard and Stark's ideas, the German antisemitic agenda was enough by itself to destroy the Jewish scientific community in Germany. Furthermore, the German nuclear energy project was never pursued with anywhere near the vigor of the Manhattan Project in the United States, and for that reason would likely not have succeeded in any case.[13] The movement did not actually go as far as preventing the nuclear energy scientists from using quantum mechanics and relativity,[14] but the education of young scientists and engineers suffered, not only from the loss of the Jewish scientists but also from political appointments and other interference. In 1938, Himmler wrote to Heisenberg that they could discuss modern physics but not mention Jewish scientists such as Bohr and Einstein in connection with it.[15]
See also Edit
References Edit
Further literature Edit
The maker of Mario, Zelda and Donkey Kong is an astonishing 125 years old today, having been formed on 23rd September 1889.
(Courtesy of zippycustomcakes.com)
Let's put that in perspective.
When Nintendo was founded, the US consisted of 38 states and the Wounded Knee Massacre was yet to happen. Here in the UK, Queen Victoria was on the throne and was also Empress of India.
125 years makes Nintendo as old as Coca-Cola, The Wall Street Journal, the Eiffel Tower and Wimbledon FC, all of which opened in the same year.
Founded as a playing card company by a Japanese entrepreneur named Fusajiro Yamauchi, the business remained modest in size until the 1950s.
It was at this time when Fusajiro's grandson, the late Hiroshi Yamauchi, looked to expand the company into new areas and begin selling products abroad.
The path to video games development was not a smooth one - Nintendo experimented running a taxi service, producing instant rice and even running Japanese love hotels.
But as the 1970s rolled around and Yamauchi begun working with visionaries such as Gunpei Yokei and Shigeru Miyamoto, the company begun experimenting with electronic toys and eventually with games consoles.
And there's no end in sight - despite mixed fortunes for its current console line-up of the Wii U and 3DS, Nintendo has shown an uncanny ability to survive through the years. The next 12 months will see Nintendo adapt again - into a larger focus on toys via its amiibo range, and a new section of the business dedicated to health.
If you want to blame someone for the hoopla around artificial intelligence, 69-year-old Google researcher Geoff Hinton is a good candidate.
The droll University of Toronto professor jolted the field onto a new trajectory in October 2012. With two grad students, Hinton showed that an unfashionable technology he'd championed for decades called artificial neural networks permitted a huge leap in machines' ability to understand images. Within six months, all three researchers were on Google's payroll. Today neural networks transcribe our speech, recognize our pets, and fight our trolls.
But Hinton now belittles the technology they helped bring to the world. “I think the way we're doing computer vision is just wrong,” they say. “It works better than anything else at present but that doesn't mean it's right.”
In its place, Hinton has unveiled another “old” idea that might transform how computers see—and reshape AI. That's important because computer vision is crucial to ideas such as self-driving cars, and having software that plays doctor.
Late last week, Hinton released two research papers that they say prove out an idea he's been mulling for almost 40 years. “It's made a lot of intuitive sense to me for a very long time, it just hasn't worked well,” Hinton says. “We've finally got something that works well.”
Hinton's new approach, known as capsule networks, is a twist on neural networks intended to make machines better able to understand the world through images or video. In one of the papers posted last week, Hinton's capsule networks matched the accuracy of the best previous techniques on a standard test of how well software can learn to recognize handwritten digits.
In the second, capsule networks almost halved the best previous error rate on a test that challenges software to recognize toys such as trucks and cars from different angles. Hinton has been working on their new technique with colleagues Sara Sabour and Nicholas Frosst at Google's Toronto office.
Capsule networks aim to remedy a weakness of today's machine-learning systems that limits their effectiveness. Image-recognition software in use today by Google and others needs a large number of example photos to learn to reliably recognize objects in all kinds of situations. That's because the software isn't very good at generalizing what it learns to new scenarios, for example understanding that an object is the same when seen from a new viewpoint.
To teach a computer to recognize a cat from many angles, for example, could require thousands of photos covering a variety of perspectives. Human children don't need such explicit and extensive training to learn to recognize a household pet.
Hinton's idea for narrowing the gulf between the best AI systems and ordinary toddlers is to build a little more knowledge of the world into computer-vision software. Capsules—small groups of crude virtual neurons—are designed to track different parts of an object, such as a cat's nose and ears, and their relative positions in space. A network of many capsules can use that awareness to understand when a new scene is in fact a different view of something it has seen before.
Hinton formed their intuition that vision systems need such an inbuilt sense of geometry in 1979, when they were trying to figure out how humans use mental imagery. They first laid out a preliminary design for capsule networks in 2011. The fuller picture released last week was long anticipated by researchers in the field. “Everyone has been waiting for it and looking for the next great leap from Geoff,” says Kyunghyun Cho, a professor at NYU who works on image recognition.
It's too early to say how big a leap Hinton has made—and they know it. The AI veteran segues from quietly celebrating that their intuition is now supported by evidence, to explaining that capsule networks still need to be proven on large image collections, and that the current implementation is slow compared to existing image-recognition software.
Hinton is optimistic they can address those shortcomings. Others in the field are also hopeful about their long-maturing idea.
Roland Memisevic, cofounder of image-recognition startup Twenty Billion Neurons, and a professor at University of Montreal, says Hinton's basic design should be capable of extracting more understanding from a given amount of data than existing systems. If proven out at scale, that could be helpful in domains such as healthcare, where image data to train AI systems is much scarcer than the large volume of selfies available around the internet.
In some ways, capsule networks are a departure from a recent trend in AI research. One interpretation of the recent success of neural networks is that humans should encode as little knowledge as possible into AI software, and instead make them figure things out for themselves from scratch. Gary Marcus, a professor of psychology at NYU who sold an AI startup to Uber last year, says Hinton's latest work represents a welcome breath of fresh air. Marcus argues that AI researchers should be doing more to mimic how the brain has built-in, innate machinery for learning crucial skills like vision and language. “It's too early to tell how far this particular architecture will go, but it's great to see Hinton breaking out of the rut that the field has seemed fixated on,” Marcus says.
UPDATED, Nov. 2, 12:55 PM: This article has been updated to include the names of Geoff Hinton's co-authors.
Are lads' mags, tabloids or the porn industry doing a better job of informing us which women we're allowed to call 'sexy', and what our sexual preferences should be?
It's almost impossible to know which women are sexy. Until now I've had to discreetly compare lovers to the life-sized cardboard cut-out of Wonder Woman that stands next to my bed; but thankfully, the good folks at FHM have produced a definitive guide to sexiness that we can measure all women against. Their ingenious approach: asking thousands of judgmental young wankers to whom they would most like to masturbate. The result: women need to be more like somebody called Tulisa.
There's an early episode of Star Trek, "Mudd's Women", that features three mysterious and beautiful women whose overpowering sexuality exerts a near-catastrophic effect on the helpless men of the Enterprise. A key moment occurs during the middle-third, when a frustrated Captain Kirk turns to Dr. McCoy, grasping for some sort of explanation: "What is it? Is it that we're tired, and they're beautiful?" asks Kirk, "They are incredibly beautiful."
"Are they, Jim?" retorts McCoy, as Spock looks on approvingly, "Are they actually more lovely, pound for pound, measurement for measurement, than any other women you've known? Or is it that they just... well, act beautiful?"
By the end of the episode we discover that the women have no special power after all; their impact on men is the result of a kind of placebo effect. The women are conventionally attractive, but not extraordinarily so; they are perceived as goddesses simply because they are presented as goddesses. That, and liberal use of misty 1960s soft-focus technology.
McCoy's words brought shape to a thought that had been scratching away in my subconscious mind since I first picked up a "lads' mag" in my mid-teens; that once you strip away the poses, the make-up, the clothes, the presentation and expectation, there's nothing objectively extraordinary about these women at all.
The only difference between the girls - always 'girls' - of FHM and the women I meet in real life, is that real life is a lot more diverse. My friends have dimples, and freckles, and curvy bits, and complicated personalities; they make amusing facial expressions, and one has ginger hair. Qualities which are ruthlessly purged from FHM's parade of near-identical Stepford wank subjects.
Nobody I've ever seen really looks like Cheryl Cole, and that includes Cheryl Cole. Yet almost everybody in FHM's list looks a bit like Cheryl Cole, with only minor variations allowed in age, breast size, body shape or even skin colour: it seems Beyonce marks the acceptable limit of darkness for black people.
FHM have made sexy boring. Girl on the Net describes it perfectly as "the tedium that comes with consensus,":
"That's just what happens when you get thousands of people to choose sexiness based on pictures of women they've seen in magazines. Their sample is limited, for a start, and there are so many people voting that things will eventually work their way towards a democratic middle-ground – the breadth and variety of human sexual preference won't get a look in. You'll inevitably end up with 100 beautiful yet very similar singers/models/actores in their pants. "When you ask people a question – an open one – about what they find attractive, 'sexiness' becomes far more inclusive. "
FHM's 'study' uses a cohort of men self-selected according to their preference for the kind of women who feature in FHM, conditions them with a monthly barrage of images labeled 'sexy', and then asks them to name some sexy women. Even if you accepted the bogus premise that sex appeal could be ranked on a universal scale, this would be a rubbish way to do it.
To see just how rubbish, here's an experiment you can try at home: go to any porn site that ranks its most popular clips, and have a look at the top 100 clips that people actually pay for - the range of outfits, body types, situations, ages and skin colours far exceeds anything you'll find in FHM's list. When it comes to what people find sexy, there's a truth in porn considerably purer than the sterile, manufactured consent of glossy magazines. The predictable industry counter-argument, that lads' mag editors select cover girls who drive sales, scarcely deserves the effort required to insert a link to recent figures showing their vertiginous downturn in circulation.
There are more than 650 categories of porn listed at some of the amateur clip sites, and their indices swell each day, engorged with the fresh blood of new ideas from imaginations unleashed by inexpensive and easy-to-use modern production and distribution technology. Yet even as this Cambrian Explosion in porn continues, mainstream media outlets are engaged in an extraordinary effort to define and enforce incredibly narrow standards for sexual behaviour, preferences and beauty, to the detriment of both women and men.
Forget political correctness, we live in the era of sexual correctness gone mad. A stream of dubious research - often based more on PR than science - is regurgitated by the press: informing women how much they should weigh (to two decimal places), what their hip-to-waist ratio should be (0.7), how long they should allow their face to grow ("ratio of the length of the face to the width of the face should be 1.6") and giving much-needed advice on nipple placement ("The ideal is a 45 to 55 per cent proportion - that is the nipple sits not at the half-way mark down the breast, but at about 45 per cent from the top.").
Similarly high standards are enforced on our behaviour, with anything outside a narrow norm classed as deviant and immoral by large swathes of the press. Max Mosley's high court victory against the News of the World in 2008 provoked outrage from journalists like the Mail's Paul Harris, furious that the judge "championed their right to hold a spanking and bondage orgy with five prostitutes." Latent homophobia riddles the press, and forms the basis for the hateful campaign against marriage equality. In 2012, magazine editors believe it's valid to ask moronic questions like,"Who's having normal sex?" while the mythical g-spot is promoted as the one true way to achieve orgasm - god forbid women might have individual sexual preferences. If the lady still isn't happy, just try the new anti-nagging medicine ludicrously promoted in The Express; but get them under control quickly, before the slag starts drinking beer.
Sexual correctness is a fundamental failure of journalism, and not just in the moralistic right-wing end of the press. I can't remember the last time I saw an informed discussion of porn in a mainstream news publication. Many of those touted as 'sexperts' simply aren't; a situation not helped by the craven attitude of bodies like the British Psychological Society. Features on alternative sexual choices, lifestyles or fetishes invariably resort to cheap smirks at the expense of its subjects; while journalists interviewing figures in the adult entertainment industry seem compelled to demand that they justify their 'aberrant' behaviour.
We deserve better. We deserve editors and journalists who have some vague understanding of sex and sexual health, and can report it in a grown-up way. We deserve respite from the barrage of messages declaring that those whose tastes sit outside a narrowing mainstream are deviant; to be smirked at, stared at, or feared. I'm not convinced it's good for our collective sexual health if young men are brought up with the implied message that only certain types, shapes and even colours of women are socially acceptable to call 'sexy'. Aside from anything else, it's just really, really boring.
Follow me on Twitter: @mjrobbins
Edit, 16/05: Corrected a slip where I said "men" pay for porn when I meant "people".
In their 2016 presidential campaign, in stump speeches across the country, Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders called for a political revolution. They campaigned on the idea of combating a political system they said was rigged, and a message of rebuilding a declining middle class.
Now, they are out with a book meant to speak directly to young people, called "Bernie Sanders Guide to Political Revolution."
Guest
Bernie Sanders, independent senator from Vermont, 2016 presidential candidate, author of "Bernie Sanders Guide to Political Revolution." They tweet @SenSanders.
Interview Highlights
This interview has been condensed and edited.
On why they decided to write a guide to political revolution for young people
The great crisis that we face as a nation is that democracy in America is in serious trouble. Millions and millions of people are giving up on our democratic institutions. They don't vote, they don't get involved, they don't know how to get involved. And what I think we need as a nation is for tens of millions of people — young people, working people, people who historically have not been involved in the political struggle — to get involved. To take on the big-money interests who today control our economy and our political system. So this is a message to young people. It's an agenda of the things we need to do. And it's a toolkit as to how you can become involved.
On why this generation is prepared to move the country in a new direction
What I can tell you, having run for president, speaking to hundreds and hundreds of thousands of young people, is that this generation is in many respects the most progressive generation in the history of our country. This is the least racist, least sexist, least homophobic, least xenophobic generation of people that I think we have ever seen. This is a generation that understands that we have fundamental problems in this country, and that we have got to think outside of the box. It is a generation that I believe is prepared to take on the billionaire class and create a much fairer distribution of wealth and income than we currently have. And this certainly is a generation that knows that Donald Trump is dead wrong when they talk about climate change being a hoax. This is a generation that knows that we have to transform our energy system away from fossil fuels, towards energy efficiency and sustainable energy ... and within the young people of this country, there is an understanding that the economy is not working for them.
On their reaction to data showing that of 50,000 people surveyed, 12 percent of the people who voted for Sanders in the 2016 presidential primaries voted for Trump in the general election
It wasn't [surprising]. People vote the way they want to vote. And people have different reasons for voting for this or that candidate. But I do think we spoke to an issue that Democrats often don't speak to, and that is the understanding that in this country today we have tens of millions of people who are in a lot of pain. These are people who have seen their standard of living decline. They're earning less than they used to. They've seen their decent-paying jobs go to Mexico, or going to China. These are people who can't afford health care, or they can't afford to send their kids to college, or they can't afford child care, or they can't afford housing. And I think for too long the Democrats have not been speaking to that pain. And what Donald Trump did is, they said, "Hey, I hear your pain. I'm going to stand up to the establishment. I'm going to lower the cost of prescription drugs. I'm going to provide health care to everybody." Unfortunately, as some of us knew at the time, they were lying. They were lying and lying and lying. But some people fell for that.
On the Democrats' agenda, "A Better Deal."
It's not enough, but it's a step in the right direction. I think more and more Democrats are catching on [to the fact that] if they are going to be successful, they have to talk to working people in this country, whether they're white or black or Latino, Asian-American or Native American. You need an agenda that speaks to that ... in the wealthiest country in the history of the world, we should not allow the middle class of this country to continue to decline.
On addressing climate change
Climate change is the great global environmental crisis our planet faces. If we — and by we mean the entire planet — do not get our act together and cut back on carbon emissions and combat climate change effectively by transforming our energy system into sustainable energy, the planet that we are going to be leaving to our kids and our grandchildren will not be a healthy or habitable planet. This is kind of a no-brainer from any perspective. The very good news is the technology is out there. The price of solar has been plummeting and will continue to plummet. Wind is getting cheaper ... we have enormous potential now to transform our energy system and lead the world. And it is really sad that we have a president that doesn't does even recognize the reality of climate change.
On the future of health care legislation and Medicare For All
We're not going to win Medicare for all tomorrow. With a right-wing president and right-wing leaders in the House and the Senate, we're not going to win that. But what I am very proud of, and I think the American people should be very proud of, is Trump and their friends in Congress tried to repeal Obamacare with three different proposals. And we were able to beat them back. And what was most important is not just that we were able in the Senate to defeat the proposal to repeal Obamacare, but most importantly, the American people became became engaged in that debate.
On keeping young people engaged in a political system that Sanders says is rigged against them
[The system] is rigged against them. But when you have a system that is rigged against them, you stand up and you fight back. And I think we're seeing that. Certainly one of the accomplishments of my campaign was not only that we brought issues like the $15 minimum wage, a trillion dollar infrastructure plan, Medicare for All, free tuition at public colleges and universities — not only did we brought those ideas into the mainstream, but more importantly, we engaged millions of young people who suddenly started to register to vote.
[People are] running and helping to support candidates at the local level — school board, city council, state legislature, all the way up to Congress ... What the establishment tries to tell you is, "Hey, don't get involved in politics. It's too hard. You're too dumb. You don't know what's going on." And we've got to break down those barriers. That's what the Koch brothers want. That's what the billionaire class wants. They don't want ordinary people involved. But I want the exact opposite.
Jesus, this primary is getting ridiculous. Here's another meme I have to rebut. This is getting absurd.
Before I start, I'd like to make a plea…
After you've tried something for a year, and you end up losing badly as a result, at what point do you figure out it's not working?
Attacking Hillary on specific issues that most people don't care about has not worked to date, it will not work and it actually can't work. Why, you ask? Because people don't care about it. Fracking is an issue some places. Many communities have banned it, although a great many Republican states have overridden the local laws and allowed it anyway.
And that points to the biggest problem with the first item above. There can BE no “national ban on fracking” because states determine what happens to real estate. Now, IF you can prove that fracking always leads to environmental harm, you might be able to try to enact one, but that would be a difficult thing to prove. As a practice, fracking has been around for 60+ years and rarely leads to problems. If you tried to ban it, it would have to go through the courts, which would take a decade or more and, by then, we could be to the point of not needing it so much. By the way, banning leases on public land (except national parks), mountaintop removal, etc, and nuclear plant licenses are STATE issues, period. It doesn't matter what the president thinks on those. If it has to do with real estate, it's a state issue.
The second one is just infantile. Hillary and Bernie have both made it clear that they want to guide the transition away from fossil fuels and they have both expressed an interest in cutting oil companies off at the knees. Hillary is taking heat this week because they rooted for the demise of the coal industry (admittedly, a stupid move), which is going to happen with or without them If the fossil fuel industry wants to toss some money their way, have at it. They and outside groups will be plowing $1.5-2 BILLION into that campaign; if you think their contributions are going to stand out enough to get special favors, you're not living in this world. Plus, I guarantee that the GOP will get at least 100X as much. Not that it matters, since money doesn't win elections, anyway. Ask Jebbie! About that one.
And since when is “criticizing” the Paris Accords some sort of badge of honor? Not bold enough? Define “bold enough.” And then explain how you get 177 countries to all go along with the boldest proposals possible. I'd like to see that. The Paris Climate Accords are a great start, and they will be built upon, but if you think that many countries are all going to just bow to the American Progressive ideal, you're kind of a loon. Most other developed countries are just as addicted to oil as we are. Should we invest in more solar, wind and other energy sources? Of course we should. But you don't just snap your fingers and change.
As for the carbon tax, well, who do you imagine will pay that carbon tax in the end? As the wealthiest in the country switch to electric cars, those who are stuck with the old gas burners (read: the poor) will be left paying those. When are you people going to get it through your heads that taxing corporations always ends up hurting those who can least afford it?
About the pipelines, there has been no federal approval of them as yet, in part because they haven't even secured all the land and there is no indication that Hillary Clinton would be in favor of them. None. Therefore, the “no” claim is pure speculation, quite likely false, and possibly unnecessary. But here's the funny thing. If you succeed in banning fracking and drilling everywhere, oil prices will go way up, which will actually increase the need for a pipeline. See, the reason Keyston XL is not being built is because oil prices are “too low,” so… Same with banning “all offshore drilling.” Arctic drilling, at least in sensitive lands, has pretty much stopped. This is the problem with demanding a unicorn. If it can't fly, it may not be better than your pony.
Some of these are just silly. Clinton has identified climate change as a major security threat many times. No one can set CAFE standards to 65 MPG until there is technology available to be able to do that and right now, that's not possible. If 20-30 million electric cars can be sold and an infrastructure can be put in place, then you can probably come close, but as of now, that's not happening. Hillary has come out in favor of a complete phase out of fossil fuels, but let's be real, whether they wins or Bernie does, it's not happening in 4-8 years. And again, be careful what you wish for, because the people who will be hurt most, especially toward the end of the transition, will be the poor.
Almost everything in this meme is complete crap, and again; most of the issues are not things that people are that concerned about right now. BOTH candidates will be great on climate change, but neither will be weaning us off of fossil fuels within the lifetimes of anyone over 30-35. Do you people really not see that a sudden, jerky push into alternatives before they're ready could actually kill that industry for a long time? You can't rush technology; you have to integrate it when it's ready. I mean, even if a miracle happened and Tesla sold 20 million units next year (impossible), where will people charge them if they're not only using them to commute to work? And we all know who will get stuck with the gas guzzlers, and how is it good for them to create conditions so that gas is $8 a gallon? “Let 'em ride buses,” is that it? (I know I've said this three times; I want people to get it.)
Right now, we're not there for a wholesale change; and any transition will take decades, not years. Hillary will continue Obama's plan to bring you a pony, but no one's getting you a unicorn. Sorry. You can't have a completely clean and fossil-fuel-free world quite yet. It'll be a while.
Knicks president Phil Jackson stayed away from the shores of Lake Erie on a historic Thursday night in Cleveland. It was LeBron James' Homecoming Part 2, but it also turned into the night Derek Fisher became their own man and own coach — never again to be classified as Jackson's puppet.
From an evening dedicated to King James emerged “The Fisher King'' and their first victory as an NBA head coach. There was so much to like about Fisher's unconventional approach to facing the Cavaliers, using 11 different players in the first 13 minutes. Fisher loudly proclaimed through actions their rotation has no boundaries, and they made hard decisions with established players on minutes.
We all know about the flowery rhetoric that flutters from Fisher's lips, as a player, union president and since accepting Jackson's offer in June. The athletic director at Arkansas-Little Rock thought Fisher, as a student, would wind up as governor of Arkansas or a state senator.
Well, this budding state senator who lists Bill Clinton as one of their compadres can coach, too.
“I thought about how fortunate I am to be in this situation in life where you go to work and this many people are excited about what's going to happen on the court,'' Fisher said when asked about the electric night's festivities. “It was a fun night, and obviously we feel better about getting the win, but we'll enjoy it for a few hours and by the time we get back into the city, we'll get ready for Charlotte.”
Fisher made all the right moves in deploying nearly their whole roster. Third-string center Cole Aldrich, who showed ruggedness in fourth-quarter garbage time in the season-opening horror against Chicago, got rotation time; undrafted free agent Travis Wear, a long shot to make the roster, was asked to defend James in the early going; Fisher rolled with Quincy Acy as starting power forward just as they rolled with them in preseason, sticking with their convictions and moving Amar'e Stoudemire back to a reserve role.
Fisher kept Anthony, who had four fouls, out for the first six minutes of the fourth quarter — a delicious move that had them springy down the stretch.
Fisher benched starting center Samuel Dalembert for the final three quarters after playing just 5:34, figuring they couldn't affect the game with a sore left calf. They held down former rookie sensation Tim Hardaway Jr.'s minutes to 4:45 in a bold maneuver that bears watching. Hardaway was awful on both ends in the season-opening blowout loss to Chicago.
What made Fisher's night even more special was how they started their postgame press conference. The first question: “What stood out about tonight?''
There were dozens of different ways Fisher could have responded after the Knicks spoiled the Homecoming King's night and quieted The Q. Fisher got contributions from all over the place.
Instead, this is how Fisher answered: “Tim Hardaway Jr. They played four minutes, and the level of support and commitment to their teammates and how involved they were in the game, although they aren't in, says a lot about them and who we are trying to become. It was a great team win tonight.''
Some mocked Fisher afterward for the silliness of citing Hardaway's cheerleading role after this stunning win. Mark it down as Fisher's first move in attempting to massage the big egos found on every NBA roster, no matter how strange that sound bite seemed. No mention or barb at Hardaway's recent poor play. Yes, Fisher is no Jackson, who recently published a pointed scouting report on each player, citing Hardaway doesn't finish well with their left hand.
The triangle offense was pilloried from every angle after the season-opening 104-80 bust against Chicago. But Fisher still had their team believing the following night. J.R. Smith said when the team watched film in the Cleveland hotel, there was a lot of chatter, a lot of players voicing opinions about the viewing.
“We showed a high level of trust and confidence in each other,'' Fisher said. “If they just execute the basic things we've been teaching them and working on, things will work out. We showed a lot of patience and composure and those are the things that we need as we move through this season. We won't always play perfect and win games going away, so to be able to win a close game on the road this early in the season is a good way for us to get back to work and start looking ahead to Charlotte.''
Fisher probably started Stoudemire on opening night for political reasons, knowing the six-time All-Star was confused by their preseason bench role. It was a mistake. Fisher grew as a coach in Cleveland. They played Wear in the first quarter to defend James in a game on national TV. That's gutting. That's also sending out the stern message nobody's job or role is safe.
Fisher is already an orator. Thursday in LeBron's house, The Fisher King became a coach.
Pakistan plans to use a new port in the Arabian Gulf to import coal and to lessen its dependence on more costly GCC oil.
Pakistan plans to use a port in the Arabian Gulf to import coal and to reduce its dependence on more costly GCC oil. That dependence is "killing its economy", said the country's water and power minister in Dubai yesterday.
One of the aims of the expansion of Gwadar port in Pakistan's Balochistan province is to help Pakistan to overcome an energy crisis by widening the mix of its power supply. The port is financed more than 80 per cent by the Chinese.
Currently oil from Saudi Arabia, the UAE and Kuwait has accounted for "almost all" of Pakistan's energy imports, said Khawaja Asif, the water and power minister, speaking on the sidelines of the US-Pakistan Business Opportunities Conference in Dubai.
"We can develop some areas close to Gwadar port for coal imports and coal-based plants. We will import coal from different places like South Africa, Indonesia and Australia," said Mr Asif. "It will lessen our dependence [on oil].
"The energy mix we have today is killing our economy and not providing us with cheap electricity."
Located at the mouth of the Arabian Sea, Gwadar port is viewed as a key tool in helping the country to broaden its energy mix in addition to unlocking regional trade.
Pakistan is looking for solutions to meet an energy crisis that is estimated to be costing its economy $13.5 billion every year. Industry and business are regularly disrupted by blackouts as power output fails to keep up with growth in the world's sixth most heavily populated nation.
"Blackouts have dealt a strong blow to economic growth," said Moazzam Malik, the chairperson and chief executive of BMA Capital, a Pakistani financial firm.
"There are going to be energy sector reforms but this requires tough decisions involving tariff changes and phasing out untargeted subsidies."
Mr Asif invited GCC investors to help meet Pakistan's energy challenge. "The gap in our energy needs is huge, so it calls for huge investment," they said. "We would like our brothers in the GCC to invest in coal-based or projects which can produce cheaper energy. "There are massive opportunities in hydropower in Kashmir [a region where both India and Pakistan have areas of control] and other northern areas."
Coal accounts for only 1 per cent of Pakistan's energy generation even though Thar mines in Pakistan's Sindh province account for the world's third-largest coal reserves. While Gwadar will help to serve Pakistan's energy needs, attracting greater scrutiny is China's plans to use the facility.
In February, the management of the port was handed from Singapore's PSA International to Chinese Overseas Port Holdings. Gwadar's close proximity to the Strait of Hormuz, through which a large portion of the world's oil flows, will give energy-hungry China closer access to GCC crude.
The two sides plan to link Gwadar, in the south-west of Pakistan, with China's far western province of Xinjiang through road and rail connections. The proposals have stirred anxiety among officials in New Delhi , where there are concerns that the facilities may be part of a Chinese attempt to encircle India through a string of overseas ports stretching from Gwadar to Myanmar.
Mr Asif played down the geopolitical significance of the port.
"It's purely a commercial thing and will develop a backward province of Balochistan and create job opportunities," they said.
The port aspired to follow the lead set by the thriving commercial trading hubs of Dubai and Singapore, they added. The government of Pakistan's newly elected prime minister, Nawaz Sharif, has declared Gwadar a duty-free port on the lines of Jebel Ali.
"In Dubai and Singapore and all of these ports there economies are based on their ports and access to major sea routes," Mr Asif said.
tarnold@thenational.ae
Wouldn't it be nice if just once in Washington, helping one group didn't mean hurting another?
Well that day is not today, as Vice President Joe Biden continued to push efforts designed to help female students who have been sexually assaulted that will actually remove due process for the men accused.
Announcing the results of the first report from the White House Task Force to Protect Students from Sexual Assault and a question-and-answer document from the Department of Education, Biden made clear that men are 100 percent to blame, even when both parties are intoxicated.
The recommendations outlined in the report contain some mild, non-controversial measures, including clearly articulating campus rules and guidelines, urging colleges to adopt policies that have shown success at other campuses and to ensure sexual assault reporting remains confidential.
But other recommendations perpetuate a culture of presuming a man is guilty before any evidence is presented.
The report begins with a ridiculous statistic that “one in five women is sexually assaulted in college.” American Enterprise Institute scholar Christina Hoff Sommers recently debunked this statistic from the Centers for Disease Control by pointing out that the number was wildly different from the Department of Justice's own crime statistics.
Sommers noted that the CDC arrived at their one-in-five statistic by counting all alcohol-induced sexual encounters (even those between committed partners or married couples) as rape, and other outrageous responses. This inflates the statistic and prevents meaningful reforms from taking place.
That false statistic aside, the task force's recommendations help remove due process from the accused by branding students as rapists based on limited evidence and allowing accusers to appeal a not-guilty finding by campus disciplinary panels.
Rape is a serious problem, but even on college campuses, “innocent until proven guilty” should prevail.
Without announcement, Premier Li Keqiang is implementing a new round of pump priming, what a senior official at the state-owned China Development Bank called “unofficial economic stimulus.” The plan puts funds into key provinces and cities through the country's banking institutions instead of making direct disbursements from central government coffers.
So far, Beijing is funneling the “silent stimulus” through two state banks. CDB, as China Development Bank is known, will make large infrastructure loans to three provinces, Hebei, Jiangsu, and Qinghai.
Hebei will use loan proceeds for slum renewal and an airport zone, and Jiangsu's funds will go to urban infrastructure and the province's regional transport network. The money for Qinghai is for roads, railways, and waterways. Hong Kong's South China Morning Post called the agreements “the latest sign of an effort by Beijing to prop up growth with targeted bursts of lending.”
The lender, which directly reports to the State Council, entered into memoranda of understanding with the three provinces. The agreement with Hebei was signed on the 9th of this month, and it appears the other two were inked at about the same time.
Moreover, Agricultural Bank of China , one of the country's Big Four, signed a loan agreement with the Shanghai city government on the 6th of this month. The 250 billion yuan proceeds will be used to establish the first “Hong Kong-like free-trade zone” in China and build Shanghai Disneyland. Analysts were surprised by the size of the loan—12.5% of the city's GDP for 2012—and by the fact that the municipality, ranked a province, itself borrowed the money. Premier Li is said to have been personally involved in the making of the loan to what is often called China's largest city.
At the same time, there is talk that other banks will follow CDB and Agricultural Bank and make outsized loans to governments in troubled areas. Guangdong province, affected by the severe downturn in low-end exports, looks like it will be among the first to get new credit.
In one sense, Beijing is always stimulating the economy, injecting cash for a multitude of purposes. All the time, it builds nation-spanning roads, subsidizes ailing state enterprises, supports rapid urbanization. But Li Keqiang has made it clear that, as long as the economy stays on an even keel, there will no stimulus like their predecessor's now-infamous program of injecting 4 trillion yuan, announced in November 2008. “Economic operations should be managed in such a way that ensures that the growth rate, employment and other indicators don't slip below the lower limit and inflation does not exceed the upper limit,” Premier Li said on July 9 during an “inspection tour” of southern China. On July 23, they said their “bottom line” for growth was 7%.
The National Bureau of Statistics maintains that China grew 7.5% in Q2, so it would seem that Li Keqiang sees no need for Beijing to inject stimulus.
Yet on-the-ground observers report that the central government has been flooding the economy with money, at least since early July. J Capital Research's Anne Stevenson-Yang notes that Beijing has been injecting stimulus through China's five largest commercial banks. “I don't think the debate is even about whether or not to stimulate: it's all about what type of spending to engage in,” writes Yang, who often spots Chinese economic trends first. “There is a genuine acceleration in infrastructure spending and many announcements about how the government will accelerate ‘slum renovation,' water projects, and roads.” They point out there has also been an obvious increase in some of the riskiest loans, those to local government financing vehicles, the notorious LGFVs.
The stimulus-on-the-quiet program is already having an effect. For example, the amount of steel for infrastructure overtook steel used in housing recently, an indication that government stimulus—not property construction—is now driving growth.
Up until the beginning of this year, few cared how Beijing created that growth. Everyone knew that China needed to move away from state investment, but few thought the structural change was urgent. Now, there is realization that time is indeed a factor.
The premier's “stealthy” spree is important because it suggests they realize either growth is not as fast as the National Bureau of Statistics reports or that there is a danger it will soon fall below their 7% minimum. And what is the consequence of the economy expanding slower than 7%? In their July 9th remarks they indicated that, as long as growth did not “slip” below their lower limit, “the country can focus on restructuring and reform.”
Stimulus is now correctly considered the enemy of structural reform. The fact that Li is directing the injection of cash into the economy—on the sly, no less—is an indication that fundamental reform will be postponed yet again.
When Li became China's economic czar in March, there was general optimism that they would sponsor reform this year. Foreign analysts began raving about “Likonomics,” their three-part plan of no stimulus, deleveraging, and structural reform.
The China-is-reforming consensus was so strong that analysts almost uniformly said that June's wrenching liquidity crisis—two failed government bills auctions, two spikes in short-term interest rates, and two waves of bank defaults—was due to the premier deliberately starving small institutions of funds to teach them a lesson.
That narrative was as wrong as it could have been. We now know that the People's Bank of China , the central bank, secretly injected liquidity twice that month—on June 21 and 25—and at the same time surreptitiously bailed out banks, almost certainly including Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, the country's largest lender. So Premier Li abandoned the deleverging plank of Likonomics in late June, and this month's massive state-bank lending indicates they have also ditched the no-stimulus part of the plan.
That leaves only the reform plank. Hope for fundamental economic change remains an article of faith in many quarters, especially outside China. The test, however, will be the Communist Party's Third Plenum, which should take place this fall. Perhaps Premier Li will be able to announce important changes and implement them as well, but their resort to behind-the-curtains bailouts and covert stimulus indicates they have already surrendered to the country's entrenched interests on reform.
Follow me on Twitter @GordonGChang
News Corp chief's London visit next week is timely because no significant decision can be taken at company without them
Rupert Murdoch is due in London next week, just as their company's attempts to close down the phone hacking crisis are in tatters.
Murdoch tried to keep phone hacking cases out of the courts and out of the public eye through confidential settlements with the likes of football boss Gordon Taylor and PR guru Max Clifford. When that failed, the publisher of the News of the World insisted that phone hacking was the action of a single "rogue reporter" – jailed former royal editor Clive Goodman – and its executives chose to lash out.
Rebekah Brooks – the former editor of the News of the World, the Sun and now chief executive of News International, News Corp's UK arm – blamed this newspaper. When the Guardian reported there were potentially thousands of victims of phone hacking, their message was clear: "The Guardian coverage, we believe, has substantially and likely deliberately misled the British public."
Now, after Andy Coulson's departure from David Cameron's side, it is clear both strategies have failed, just as News Corp tries to win approval for their £8bn takeover of BSkyB. With News Corp mired in crisis, Murdoch's arrival is timely – because in the end no decision of significance can be taken without them at the company they have built over half a century.
News Corp officials say they knew nothing of Coulson's announcement, but even with their departure, senior executives in London know it would be naive to hope their resignation will draw a line under the phone hacking affair.
The company well appreciates that the drip-drip of revelation will only continue as lawsuits brought against the newspaper by actor Sienna Miller, football agent Sky Andrew and publicist Nicola Phillips, and many others, develop. Each case moves slowly, an inching forward of witness statements and court hearings that will last months if not years.
Brooks had been trying, behind the scenes, to settle at least some of the civil claims – involved, lawyers say, in proposing six figure payouts. Recently that strategy has been abandoned in favour of allowing claimants to put evidence into the public domain, and if that amounts to material implicating one of its journalists, taking action against staff.
Allegations loom against reporters, questions remain for former editors like Coulson, while Les Hinton, executive chairperson for 12 years until 2007, seemed to be confident hacking was not widespread. Hinton told MPs last year: "There was never any evidence delivered to me that suggested that the conduct of Clive Goodman spread beyond him."
Critical evidence is being extracted from the Metropolitan police. The Met is sitting on notebooks, call records and other information seized from Glenn Mulcaire, the private investigator employed by the News of the World in 2006, as part of the inquiry into phone hacking at Buckingham Palace. Each of the celebrities who sue base their claims on their names, or numbers, appearing in Mulcaire's notes.
It was Miller's case, with a high court filing in December, that triggered the suspension of Ian Edmondson, the News of the World's assistant editor (news). Them lawyers noted that Mulcaire had a habit of writing the first name of the person who instructed them in the top left corner of their notes. On Miller's notes it was Ian. It is an example of the kind of revelations that are likely still to come.
Each time evidence from the Mulcaire files becomes available, it is sent not just to the celebrity litigant, but to News Corp's legal team. If Murdoch wishes to view the files, they can do so. What conclusion they will draw is what will drive how their company reacts to the controversy.
After the Global Financial Crisis, as China continued its growth but the US fell into its biggest economic crisis since the Depression, one group of pundits warned that America was being eclipsed on the world stage. The US, they said, was in economic decline.
But for another group, there was always a ready come-back: America has been through recessions before and it will again, but its fundamentals are strong and it will come back. So it proved, with the US recovering slowly during the Obama years to the point where it now enjoys a steady, if uneven growth and sub-5% unemployment.
With the US having now elected Donald Trump as its next president, it seems much of this debate might have missed the point. America may not be in economic decline, but it could be in political decline. Which is to say, Trump's victory signals a crisis in America's political institutions, and above all in its two major parties.
The most popular explanation - that this was a revolt of the American people against globalisation, multiculturalism, feminism and liberalism - is hard to square with the result. For one thing, the actual shift in votes from Democrat to Republican is too small to back up that claim. Hillary Clinton may yet win the popular vote, or at least they will come very close to it. Moreover, voter turnout was substantially down this year. And lastly, the US is not that much more liberal or globalised or multicultural today than it was four years ago or eight years ago, when it elected a black liberal Democrat to the presidency who embodied those very values.
In fact none of these big-picture explanations can account for timing. If this was a revolt by whites against their drift into minority status, why now, when this trend has been apparent for decades? The same is true for feminism and other things we might group as 'cultural liberalism' (multiculturalism, LGBTI rights, abortion rights) - they're all long-term trends. Similarly, de-industrialisation can be dated back to the 1970s, and globalisation well before.
So as with this year's election in Australia, the real shift may not be among the people but in the two-party system. Back in July I wrote a post (2016 Election: The Only Chart that Matters) pointing out that support for the two major parties among Australian voters was in long-term decline. This is evident in primary voting trends and party membership statistics.
Is it possible that Trump's rise signals a similar trend in US politics? Yes, Trump ran as a Republican and neither they nor Clinton faced significant opposition from minor party candidates. But Trump is the ultimate RINO (Republican in Name Only).  They are an insurgent; a foreign body in the Republican Party who has taken over the host. They hold positions that are deeply unorthodox in today's GOP, and earlier in life they were a Democrat. But as in Australia, it is almost impossible for a third-party candidate to win national office, so rather than run as an independent, Trump joined the Republican Party and is now in the process of consuming it.
On the Democrat side, Bernie Sanders attempted much the same thing. Sanders has long had a complicated history with the Democratic Party; it's not clear that they ever are really a Democrat, and their appeal was as an outsider. Sanders was only stopped by the fact that senior Democrats were united around Hillary Clinton, whereas Trump's opposition within the GOP was split 16 ways.
In Australia, too, it is difficult for smaller parties to make headway against the majors, although as Kim Beazley warned in July, that may change in the next couple of elections. In the meantime, it might be argued that the insurgent model which Trump adopted was used here by Kevin Rudd and Malcolm Turnbull, both relative outsiders to their parties.
In both countries, it seems that the result will be the slow unraveling of bipartisan orthodoxies, including around foreign policy. In the US, the idea that America must always play a dominant role in upholding the 'global rules-based international order' is under serious threat. The consensus around that mission among US foreign policy elites has never had deep popular roots, and Trump certainly shows no evidence of sharing it. As conservative stalwart Charles Krauthammer put it, 'On major issues — such as the central question of retaining America's global pre-eminence as leader of the free world, sustainer of Western alliances, and protector of the post–World War II order — the GOP candidate stands decidedly to the left of (Clinton)'.
In Australia, the central bipartisan foreign-policy orthodoxy is the US alliance. In fact in recent years it has calcified into a bipartisan ideology, an article of faith permitting of little deviance among political leaders. But with the US seemingly ready to retreat from its global mission, the rug may have just been pulled out from under us.
Photo by Flickr user Beverly & Pack.
Sam Roggeveen
US President Donald Trump has the highest unfavorable rating of any foreign leader among French voters, a new Suffolk University poll showed.
The poll released on Thursday found that 82 percent of French voters view Trump unfavorably. This is while their former counterpart Barack Obama was seen considerably better, with a nearly 90 percent favorable rating among the same respondents.
The survey also put Trump in lower regard than the Russian president Vladimir Putin with a 70.9 percent unfavorable rating.
Read more:
French presidential candidate Marine Le Pen has received support from Trump. The Republican president called them the “strongest” candidate on borders and “what's been going on in France”, ahead of the first round of voting last month.
Meanwhile, former President Obama endorsed Le Pen's rival, Emmanuel Macron, ahead of Sunday's second-round, run-off election.
The poll also released that every candidate for the French presidency included in the survey was viewed unfavorably by French voters. And the worst ratings was dedicated to the current president, Francois Hollande with 71.4 percent viewing them unfavorably
1,094 French voters were surveyed from April 28 to May 2 by the Suffolk poll excluding May 1, and its results have a 3 point margin of error.
Easy swedish exercises 2.5 (50%) 4 votes (50%)votes
It is known that sports is a key factor in fitness and beauty of the body, it is also considered as the most important factor that makes your body graceful and admired a lot of friends are sports.
Swedish exercises :
It is extremely simple sport which can be practiced any where you want ” on land , on the couch or on the bed ” , the choice is yours.
In order to be useful, you must exercise in the right way as mentioned in the animated pictures shows how you can do these exercises properly.
First Exercise :
Sit on a Chair or something falling on the ground and lift the right leg five times , then do the same thing with the left leg .
This exercise is useful in tighten the muscles of the front and rear legs and burn more calories .
Second Exercise :
This is one of the best exercises which most of the men, and sometimes women, using to pull abdominal muscle, too many people suffer from flabby abdominal muscle.
So what is the solution to have a flat belly without fats and tighten the The muscle of the body ?
In order to have good results , you have to practice the exercise frequently in a daily basis as mentioned in the shown picture for not less than continuously 1 month , and so , you will lose more calories .
Third Exercise :
For your back elasticity , follow the exercise mentioned in the picture .
Put your hand on the back and then raise up to the maximum reach, then go down to Earth again, “all this Slowly. ”
Fourth Exercise :
For grease and fat removal from the waist down area , you should practice this exercise to help you tighten the muscle and burn the fat in that area.
Online shopping has led to many American retailers to file for bankruptcy at a fast pace, which could possibly set records for 2017. Fourteen chains alone have filed in the first three months of this year.
Turns out no retailer is safe when it comes to shopping online. S&P found that “discount shoe-sellers, outdoor goods shops, and consumer electronics retailers have all found themselves headed for reorganization.” Bloomberg reported:
Meanwhile, America's retailers are closing stores faster than ever as they try to eliminate a glut of space and shift more business to the web. S&P blamed retailer financial struggles on their inability to adapt to rising pressure from e-commerce. Urban Outfitters Chief Executive Officer Richard Hayne said as much on a conference call with analysts last month. There are just too many stores, especially those that sell clothing, they said. “This created a bubble, and like housing, that bubble has now burst,” said Hayne. “We are seeing the results: Doors shuttering and rents retreating. This trend will continue for the foreseeable future and may even accelerate.”
S&P Global Market Intelligence has listed these 10 retailers that could possibly default this year. From Business Insider:
Sears Holdings
DGSE Companies Inc.
Appliance Recycling Centers of America Inc.
The Bon-Ton Stores Inc.
Bebe Stores Inc.
Destination XL Group Inc.
Perfumania Holdings Inc.
Fenix Parts Inc.
Tailored Brands Inc.
Sears Hometown and Outlet Stores Inc.
Last September, Fitch Ratings listed Sears Holdings, but also named Claire's Stores Inc. and Nine West Holdings Inc at high risk for bankruptcy. Others at risk included True Religion Apparel Inc., 99 Cents Only Stores LLC, Nebraska Book Co., and Rue21 Inc.
Payless shoe chain filed for bankruptcy this month and will close 400 stores. Before them, HHGregg, Gordmans Stores, and Gander Mountain filed. Radio Shack “filed for Chapter 11 for the second time in two years.”
Sears Holdings has closed many stores, along with Macy's and J.C. Penney. Others have decided to close stores and amp up their brand on the internet, according to Bloomberg:
Others are trying to re-emerge as e-commerce brands. Kenneth Cole Productions said in November that it would close almost all of its locations. Bebe Stores Inc., a women's apparel chain, is planning to take a similar step, people familiar with the situation said last month. “Today, convenience is sitting at home in your underwear on your phone or iPad,” Buss said. “The types of trips you'll take to the mall and the number of trips you'll take are going to be different.”
These numbers have led Bloomberg to predict retailers will close over 8,000 stores in 2017:
Closure of stores obviously has an effect on the economy. Bloomberg continued:
The rapid descent of so many retailers has left shopping malls with hundreds of slots to fill, and the pain could be just beginning. More than 10 percent of U.S. retail space, or nearly 1 billion square feet, may need to be closed, converted to other uses or renegotiated for lower rent in coming years, according to data provided to Bloomberg by CoStar Group. The blight also is taking a toll on jobs. According to Labor Department figures released on Friday, retailers cut around 30,000 positions in March. That was about the same total as in February and marked the worst two-month showing since 2009.
Top rated malls still perform pretty well. Oliver Chen with Cowen & Co discovered that Americans do “prefer physical stores 75 percent of the time.” So how does a company keep the customers?
The key is creating the right experience, whether it's online or off. Retailers should “refocus on customers,” Chen said. “Management needs to be fixated on speed of delivery, speed of supply chain, and be able to test read and react to new and emerging trends.”
[Featured image via YouTube]
The following posting by Pierce Harlan, appeared on Community of the Wrongly Accused. Pierce is speechless. I am speechless, almost. But first let me reprint Pierce's words:
I am speechless. No discussion is necessary to underscore the evil behind Amanda Childress's comment. They should be fired for it, if indeed the quotation is correct.
Amanda Childress, Sexual Assault Awareness Program coordinator at Dartmouth College, [said] campus policies aren't going far enough to protect students. “Why could we not expel a student based on an allegation?” Childress asked at the panel, before noting that while 2 to 8 percent of accusations are unfounded (but not necessarily intentionally false), 90 to 95 percent are unreported, committed by repeat offenders, and intentional. “It seems to me that we value fair and equitable processes more than we value the safety of our students. And higher education is not a right. Safety is a right. Higher education is a privilege.”
Thankfully, there was a real lawyer present: “I think the ability of our communities to rely on the processes on both sides of the equation is inextricably connected to a fair, equitable process that is thorough and based on evidence, not just conjecture, speculation and rumor,” said Gina Smith, a partner at Pepper Hamilton Law Firm who consults with campuses on how best to address sexual assault and comply with federal laws. “We cannot be in individual cases just punt to statistics.”
For the record, Ms. Smith summed up the philosophy of this blog. Childress's comment is something we are seeing with alarming frequency among feminist writers: there is no necessity to worry about the wrongly accused because there are so few of them. The chilling suggestion is that we can adjudicate a specific case based on statistics — since it rarely happens, due process is unnecessary.
Source: http://www.insidehighered.com/news/2014/02/12/disagreement-campus-judicial-systems
Here at A Voice for Men, we tried repeatedly, by phone and email, to reach Amanda Childress of Dartmouth College for comment, and to see if they wanted to retract their remarks, or somehow clarify their words in case they were somehow taken out of context. After almost a week they have not responded to any inquiries. We'd like to say we find that surprising, but we're not; hateful ideologues rarely want to answer pointed questions, and it appears that “hateful ideologue” describes Amanda Childress of Dartmouth College perfectly.
It is interesting times we find ourselves in, where institutions of higher learning, which are both directly and indirectly funded by the government, do not feel obligated in any way to respect either the right to free speech or the right to due process. It is an inversion of justice: education is not a right so, therefore, you can destroy a man's life with but a word?
Make no mistake, an expulsion, especially from a prestigious university like Dartmouth, is a very big deal. The ridiculously costly tuition monies will most likely not be returned. Word of the expulsion will reach other Ivy League and comparable prestigious institutions, and so once word gets out, other colleges may refuse you admission. The shame, humiliation, and mocking alone might drive some young men to suicide but, in any case, their academic and post-academic careers will be profoundly and negatively affected, possibly over for good, losing scholarships and/or finding themselves in massive college tuition debt they cannot pay. This is not to be dismissed, as if the destruction of these men's lives is as insignificant as swatting a fly from the air.
While a few of my Libertarian pals won't like this, and will be inclined to say “but it's a private institution, they can do whatever they want!” I call bullshit: not only are all these institutions of higher learning receiving substantial government funding, giving them a higher obligation than “whatever the market will allow,” what we are talking about here should be seen as an illegal contract. Outlawed. With the full weight and penalty of law. If you eject a student, you need to give them their tuition money back, period, and you should on top of that be subject to a lawsuit for the damage you've done.
You can't just take someone's money, trash their reputation, then throw them out. People doing this sort of thing should not just face lawsuits, they should risk time behind bars for it and, at the very least, have their government funding stripped.
But we all know that will not fly in the current climate and “the free market” will not fix the problem by itself. In fact, the unfree market, as it is currently rigged, actually incentivizes this behavior: take a young man in, take their money, then chuck them out the door. Everybody wins but that young man, right?
Well, there's one way the market could fix it: young men could start refusing to go to college at all. They're increasingly opting not to, as women are a steadily-increasing overwhelming majority on most of our campuses. Maybe it's time for Dartmouth and other colleges to face an incoming Freshman class of zero males.
Except we all know that won't happen either. Most people are still caught up in the delusion that boys are failing in education because there's something wrong with them, rather than something wrong with the system, and parents will continue to pressure their sons into entering the modern Factory Farm University that routinely grinds up inconvenient young men that is the modern American university.
So there's also another way to fight the system:
As we all know, if you think you've been raped or sexually assaulted, you probably have been. Indeed, Paul Elam, Publisher of A Voice for Men, recently took the brave step of admitting that they may have a memory of being sexually assaulted by Amanda Childress of Dartmouth College. They have taken the courageous step of coming forward with their possible memory.
Here at A Voice for Men we want you to know that if, like Paul Elam, you think you have a memory of being sexually assaulted by Amanda Childress of Dartmouth College or, really, anyone else at Dartmouth College, you should be brave too. With some hunting, we followed links from Amanda Childress' department at Dartmouth College, and found their anonymous reporting form. We all know how valuable and empowering anonymous reports can be–you can have courage without even identifying yourself!
Here at A Voice for Men strongly that if you have ever been sexually assaulted, or just made to feel creeped out and afraid of, Amanda Childress of Dartmouth College, or anyone else at Dartmouth College, you should take the courageous step of reporting Amanda Childress or anyone else for sexually assaulting you or making you feel afraid and creeped out, and give explicit details of what they or anyone else at Dartmouth may have done to you.
Remember, if you think you may have been sexually assaulted you probably were. And if you even think it may possibly have happened, and you don't take the brave step of anonymously reporting, you are helping to promote Rape Culture. So be brave and report!
In September, we're Continuing with Phantom City Creative's BATMAN: THE ANIMATED SERIES poster series, tomorrow we'll be releasing prints for two classic episodes: 'Vendetta' & 'Almost Got 'Im'!In September, we revealed that Phantom City's BATMAN artwork will be featured in an 8XLP vinyl box set containing the complete score for 16 episodes. The set is limited to 1,200 copies and will open up for pre-order November 18th! More info to come. Below you can check out the posters available tomorrow at a random time. Follow us on Twitter for the on sale announcement. Batman: The Animated Series - Vendetta by Phantom City Creative. 18"x24" screen print. Hand numbered. Edition of 250. Printed by D&L Screenprinting. $45 Batman: The Animated Series - Almost Got 'Im by Phantom City Creative. 18"x24" screen print. Hand numbered. Edition of 250. Printed by D&L Screenprinting. $45 Batman: The Animated Series - Almost Got 'Im (Variant) by Phantom City Creative. 18"x24" screen print. Hand numbered. Edition of 125. Printed by D&L Screenprinting. $65 Please follow us on Twitter for the on sale announcement. These posters will be available online at a random time on Thursday, November 5th.
I have always claimed – and not altogether jokingly – that you could build a house with Elmer's glue and Duct Tape. Both items are readily available, relatively inexpensive and easy to tote around. I will set aside the Elmer's for another time, though. Today, I thought it would be fun to look as some of the practical uses of duct tape around the house, camping and of course, in a survival situation.
As an invaluable resource, duct tape is easy to carry around and with that it is equally easy to use. With its durability and many uses it probably stands on its own unlike other building, construction and repair products which you might need practice, training or advanced online degrees in engineering or architecture to use safely and efficiently.
First a bit of history
This miracle stuff was created during World War II when the US military needed a flexible, durable, waterproof tape to use making repairs in the field. A strong tape was created by Permacell, a division of Johnson and Johnson for this purpose. As the story goes, the GIs called it “duck tape” because it was waterproof – like a duck's back.
Enough of the boring details. Just how can you use this miracle tape?
34 Uses of Duct Tape for Survival and Emergencies
Repair a tent: You open your tent at the campsite and oops — a little tear. No problem as long as you've brought your duct tape along. Cover the hole with a patch; for double protection mirror the patch inside the tent. You'll keep insects and weather where they belong.
Make a rope: Twist one or several lengths of duct tape into a cord or rope. Of course paracord would be a lot better and you do have some of that, right?)
Make a clothesline: Twisting a long piece of Duct tape makes a great piece of rope to use as a clothesline.
Hold the feathers in your sleeping bag: If you have a hole in your down sleeping bag, you can patch the hole with duct tape. No more feathers flying out all over the place.
Reseal packages of food: Use duct tape to seal up partially opened packages of food. Fold over the top of the package and seal it tight with a piece of duct tape. Works for cans, too. Simply fashion a lid out of duct tape.
Hold your tent closed: A damaged zipper could leave your tent door flapping in the wind. Stick the door shut, and keep the bugs and critters out.
Splint a broken tent pole or fishing pole: Tape a stick to the broken area of your tent pole or fishing rod, and you might just get one last adventure out of it.
Catch pesky flies: Roll off a few foot-long strips of duct tape and hang them from a branch or your tent or cabin rafters. The DT serves as flypaper and when you depart, you can roll up the tape to toss it in the trash. No need to use nasty chemicals, either.
Repair your water bottle: Have a cracked water bottle or a pierced hydration bladder? A little strip of duct tape to the rescue. Be sure to dry the surface before you try to tape your patch in place since most forms of duct tape don't stick to wet surfaces. You can also wrap plastic water bottles with duct tape to prevent cracking and leaking.
Make a spear: Strap your knife to a pole and you have a trusty spear to fend off beasts, or make one into your dinner.
Create a shelter: With some trash bags and some duct tape, and you have a survival shelter roof, or sleeping bag cover, a wind break, or well, there are kits of possibilities.
Wrap a sprained ankle: If you trip and sprain your ankle, wrap the ankle with duct tape to give it some support.
Make butterfly bandage strips: Cut two small strips of DT, and add a smaller strip across their centers (sticky side to sticky side) to create a makeshift butterfly suture.
Make a sling: Fold a length of DT down the middle, so that it is half the original width and no longer exposing a sticky side. Use the strap to make a sling for a busted arm.
Affix bandages: Place a sterile dressing over your wound, and strap it in place with DT.
Blister care: Cover the blistered area with a bit of cotton gauze, and tape over the cotton. Make sure that the duct tape fully covers the cotton and doesn't touch the blister at all.
Create a splint: A broken ankle or leg can be stabilized with ample splint material, padding and duct tape. Pad the crotch of a forked branch with some cloth and duct tape to fashion a quick crutch to go with your splint.
Make a bandage: Fold tissue paper or paper towel to cover the wound and cover this with duct tape.
Make a temporary roof shingle: If you have lost a wooden roof shingle, make a temporary replacement by wrapping duct tape in strips across a piece of 1/4-inch (6-millimeter) plywood you've cut to size. Wedge the makeshift shingle in place to fill the space. It will close the gap and repel water until you can repair the roof.
Fix a hole in your siding: Has the stormy weather damaged your vinyl siding? A broken tree limb tossed by the storm, hailstones, or even an errant baseball can rip your siding. Patch tears in vinyl siding with duct tape. Choose tape in a color that matches your siding and apply it when the surface is dry. Smooth your repair by hand or with a rolling pin. The patch should last at least a season or two.
Tape a broken window: Before removing broken window glass, crisscross the broken pane with duct tape to hold it all together. This will ensure a shard does not fall out and cut you.
Mend a screen: Have the bugs found the tear in your window or door screen? Thwart their entrance until you make a permanent fix by covering the hole with duct tape.
Repair a trash can: Plastic trash cans that are blown over by a storm or frozen in an ice storm often split or crack along the sides. Repair the tear with duct tape. Just be sure tape over the crack both outside and inside the can.
Make a belt: Run a piece of DT through your belt loops and stick it to itself in the front. Overlap it about 4 or 5 inches and you'll still be able to peel the belt apart when nature calls.
Repair your glasses: If your glasses break while you are out in the wilderness, tape them up. You might look a bit nerdy but at least you will be able to see.
Fix your rain gear: Keep the dry stuff dry, and keep the water out, by mending your ripped rain gear with a few strips of duct tape.
Repair your clothing: Repair rips and tears in your clothing by slipping a piece of tape inside the rip, sticky side out, and carefully pressing both sides of the rip together. The repair will be barely detectable.
Add extra insulation in your boots: Make your winter boots a little bit warmer by taping the insoles with duct tape, silver side up. The shiny tape will reflect the warmth of your feet back into your boots.
Hem your pants: No time to hem your new jeans? Fake it with a strip of duct tape. The new hem will last through a few washes too.
Make handcuffs: Create handcuffs for the bad guys by taping their hands together around a tree to prevent them from becoming a danger to themselves or others.
Mark a trail: Use duct tape to blaze a trail or signal for rescue, especially if your DT is brightly colored or reflective.
Make emergency repairs on your Bug Out Vehicle: Repair leaking hoses, broken tail lights, windows that don't stay and even bullet holes with strips of duct tape.
Hang perimeter or security lights: String lights around your camp with a rope make of duct tape.
Make a disguise: Using trash bags and leaves, fashion a disguise then hold it all together with duct tape so that you can hide in plain sight.
The final word
For the past 70 years or so, duct tape has been considered somewhat of a miracle worker. For the fix-it-yourself types, duct tape has become indispensable and has been used for things that I am sure the original developers of the stuff never imagined.
Who is to say that it can't go on for the next 70 years? Do you use duct tape for any other reasons? We want to know! Comment below!
Enjoy your next adventure through common sense and thoughtful preparation!
Gaye
With the Game of Thrones Season 6 finale coming up on Sunday, we were curious if Jon Snow Tony Barnette, the Night King Jake Diekman, and Tormund Giantsbane Sam Dyson had any opinions to share, so we brought in our resident GoT expert Joe Ursery.
They did, of course. Tony Barnette even dressed up for the occasion.
As we were setting up, someone asked Bobby Wilson if they wanted to join in. "I have no idea what you're even talking about", Wilson replied dryly as they walked away, before returning 30 seconds later with a Hodor shirt.
By the time the conversation was over, we determined a few things:
- "The Mountain" would not be a good pitcher, but they would be good at crushing a baseball. No, not Joey Gallo style. Like, literally crushing it. Squishing a baseball.
- If the guys lived in Westeros, Jake Diekman would be Ned Stark, Sam Dyson would be a jester, and Tony Barnette would... well, he'd still be Jon Snow.
- Jake Diekman didn't start watching Game of Thrones Season One until this year. By the time they caught up, the guys did the math, and they spent 16% of their life watching GoT in the time it took them to catch up.
- Spoilers? Predictions? The consensus among the Rangers 'pen is that The High Sparrow is going to die, Arya Stark will be reunited with the Hound, and the Mountain and the Hound will meet up again in a no-holds-barred fight.
- Surprisingly, Daenerys Targaryen didn't come up much in conversation, but maybe they just didn't want to say anything in the presence of Dorgon (her dragon)
Copyright 2016 WFAA
You need Javascript and either Adobe Flash or Html5 to view this video.
Two weeks into the manual clean-up of sand strewn on fossil-rich Dwejra for filming, environment management expert Alfred E. Baldacchino believes the endemic ecosystem has been “totally eliminated”. Photos: Matthew Mirabelli
An environment management expert has called for heads to roll over the “environmental crime” committed at Dwejra where a sand-like substance made from powdered hard stone was coated over the protected fossil-rich site for filming of a TV series.
“I imagined a disaster at Dwejra but not as large as your photos show.
“It almost gave me a heart attack,” Alfred E. Baldacchino said after seeing fresh photos taken on Monday of the ongoing clean-up process.
Mr Baldacchino, a former assistant director in charge of biodiversity within the Environment Protection Directorate of the planning authority, believes the person who signed the contract for the filming to take place should resign immediately.
They said the photos showed the “total elimination of the ecosystem”, adding that the living species beneath the sand stood “no chance” of survival. The clean up process, they added, would also mean the elimination of the characteristics of their micro-habitat.
It was “atrocious and irresponsible”, they argued, for the Malta Environment and Planning Auth­or­ity to have issued a permit on a site it was meant to protect under EU law.
Although the producers, of HBO's Game of Thrones, were first slammed for using heavy machinery and were asked to remove the sand with brooms and spades to minimise the damage, Mr Baldacchino believes the laying of the sand was “the fatal blow”.
“It obliterated the micro habitat of all the species in that area, whether flora or fauna. As you can see from the photos some of the thickness of to send is close to a metre.”
They said Mepa would now go down in the history books as having contributed to the elimination of the micro-habitat of endemic species (species found only in that area).
Mepa, they added, should have made an appropriate assessment of the impact of the activity on the site and also opened it to public consultation.
“The permit could not, and should not, have been issued,” they said, adding the site could never be restored to its former state. “If it were an egg, it is now an omelette.”
The incident, they said, demonstrated the need to separate the Environment Directorate from the Planning Directorate.
“What happened shows that either the Planning Directorate overruled or ignored the Environment Directorate or else the Environment Directorate succumbed to inner or outer pressure, infringing the Habitats Directive and the national legislation in the process so that Mepa could issue a permit.”
Mr Baldacchino said they hoped the European Union Environment Director General would look into this environmental disaster, which occurred in a Natura 2000 site, so it could show Malta the proper way to honour, administer, monitor and enforce EU legislation.
“Malta desperately needs to grow up,” they concluded.
Meanwhile, a Mepa spokesperson reiterated it would only be able to assess the damage once the clean-up was complete. They added the slow manual clean-up operation was taking longer because in certain parts the sand had “solidified”.
The spokesperson said it was monitoring the operation and pointed out that the imposed bank guarantee of €15,000 did not preclude the authority from holding the film producer liable for further environmental damage once the assessment was carried out.
Asked whether Mepa regretted issuing the permit or imposing such a small bank guarantee, the spokesperson simply said this was not the first permit the authority had issued for filming to take place in cultural and natural sites.
“The issuing of such permits has been going on for a number of years whereby the authority has always imposed stringent conditions in such permits to prevent any foreseeable damage to these sites.”
What was definitely clear, they said, was that it was incumbent on the film producer to scrupulously abide by the permit conditions. In this case, the relevant conditions were not fully observed and the authority would be holding the film producer responsible for any damages that might have occurred after the clean-up operation was completed and the assessment carried out.
The manual clean-up operation began two weeks ago and is still far from complete.
Mepa has argued that the producers were to blame for not informing them they were going to cast sand over the protected land so that Mepa could send monitoring officers.
Fire & Blood Productions has apologised for the distress caused but blamed the subcontractor it hired for not adhering to established conditions in the clean-up process to remove sand it had strewn on the protected site.
GOP Presidential nominee Donald Trump claims they have a “good brain.” He's a great negotiator and nobody's gonna pull the wool over their eyes.  They are a wily negotiator who will roll like a juggernaut over Kim Jong-un, the remaining leaders of ISIS and anyone else who stands in the way of their ultimate goal of “Making America Great Again.”
Therefore, when their campaign was asked to explain why Trump made an appearance on Russia's propaganda cable TV network, RT, the response was forceful, direct and Trumplike. They were tricked by Larry King. The campaign was apparently unaware that Larry King – in the search for the elusive paycheck – now peddles their wares for RT.
Unfortunately, there was no way the Trump campaign could have known that the great stone face with suspenders is now having their paychecks signed by Vladimir Putin. If there were only some sign, some way to check…
According to Talking Points Memo:
Trump spokesperson Jason Miller gave a similar explanation that Trump thought the interview was for a podcast to CNN. “Mr. Trump was never told it would be shared anywhere else,” Miller said. Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway echoed Miller during a Friday morning interview on CNN. “A former CNN superstar, Larry King, has a podcast, and Mr. Trump went on their podcast. Nobody said it would be on Russian TV,” Conway said on CNN's “New Day.”
Larry King retired from CNN six years ago. The Trump campaign must have missed the extensive, wall-to-wall coverage of that fact while they were off scouring trash cans in Hawaii for President Obama's fake birth certificate.
Larry King joined RT in 2013.
George Soros-funded organizations are trying to rewrite the rules of how elections are run so that it is easier for Democrats and leftists to win. Flush with millions of dollars, these organizations are seeking to fundamentally transform American election rules so they permanently favor the agenda of Democrats, racial interest groups, progressives, and organized labor.
Below are ten top agenda items of the organized Left to transform American election outcomes by transforming process rules.
You're probably only familiar with one -- the Left's fight against voter identification laws. But the Left's agenda goes far beyond opposition to voter ID.
For example, tens of thousands of aliens are on American voter rolls, if not more. And they're voting. The Soros-funded Left opposes efforts to find and remove aliens on the rolls, because the aliens are voting the way they want.
Voter ID is only one component of election integrity. You need to know about the Left's expansive agenda to permanently transform the American election process.
--------------------------
1. Block Citizenship Verification
There are ways for election officials to detect aliens on the voter rolls, but it requires the cooperation of the federal government. Under President Obama, the federal government has interfered with efforts to detect and remove citizens from the voter rolls.
The primary tool for detecting non-citizens on voter rolls is the SAVE database run by DHS (Systematic Alien Verification for Entitlements). SAVE lists every alien in the federal immigration process -- either caught illegal aliens, those on visas, or those seeking citizenship. Federal law mandates that the states shall have access to the data.
Unfortunately, the Obama administration has made it next to impossible to access the data.
Florida even had to sue the United States before it was permitted a measure of access to the data. DOJ sued to stop Florida's citizenship verification efforts. Even when access to the SAVE database is granted, the Department of Homeland Security makes it hard for election officials to use the data.
From the DOJ's complaint, with a swarm of lawyers suing Florida
Hardly any election officials are using a readily available source of citizenship data: jury excusal forms. Aliens routinely escape jury duty by noting they are not citizens. Because jury pools are usually drawn from voter registration data, this excusal should be used by election officials to maintain clean voter rolls, but rarely is used.
The Obama Justice Department has also interfered with citizenship verification. With the collusion of Soros-funded organizations, the DOJ has tried to stop states like Kansas and Georgia from verifying citizenship of voters.
There's one reason for this: aliens who registered illegally tend to vote for Democrats.
2. Early Voting
The Soros-funded left has made early voting a top priority. While elections used to take place on Election Day, that proved too hard to get the unmotivated to the polls. Early voting allows the organized labor machine and other progressive organizations to run their GOTV campaign for weeks.
Early voting is so important to the modern Democrats that they sued Ohio and North Carolina under the Voting Rights Act when those states dared reduce it by a few days. They tried to constitutionalize early voting by claiming efforts to shrink it violated the Constitution. Soros-money and free help from large law firms poured into the efforts.
North Carolina beat them, but the federal appeals court reversed. Ohio lost to the left but won before the federal appeals court.
There are so many reasons early voting is bad, but perhaps the worst one is that spreading the election out over weeks makes it more difficult to observe the voting process. One side has the manpower to park observers in the polls, and the other side doesn't. That's how the left likes it.
3. Out of Precinct Voting
Out of precinct voting means that if you don't have a clue where to vote, it shouldn't matter. Out of precinct voting is an agenda item for the fundamental transformation of American elections. Advocates say it makes it easier to vote, and who really needs to know where they are supposed to vote? It's part of the "lack of responsibility" generation.
But election officials who must manage many different ballots depending on where you live might disagree. State house and school board lines are often tied to precincts. Nevertheless, advocates will demand no expense be spared to build a system where you can vote where you aren't supposed to.
4. Felon re-enfranchisement
Convicted felons have traditionally had the franchise limited or eliminated. Those who cannot follow the country's rules should have no say in creating them.
Witness what is going on in Virginia to learn the lawless lengths Democrats will go to give convicted criminals the right to vote. There is one reason the left has placed so much importance on felon voting -- it wins elections for the left.
Even some Republicans have been hoodwinked by the rhetoric. A felon who wishes to reintegrate into the political process should need to demonstrate repentance and a commitment to following the law.
But felon voting advocates don't care much about redemption. They care about politics. Ex-cons vote for Democrats at astounding rates, approaching 9 to 1. Multiple presidential elections would have likely come out differently had felons enjoyed the right to vote. Felon voting advocates want Democrats to win elections, period.
(5 through 10 on next page)
5. Mandatory Voter Registration
Soros-funded organizations seek to end voter registration. Voter registration takes forethought and initiative, something lacking in large segments of the Democrat base.
A variety of groups have pushed for what they call “automatic” voter registration. One would become registered to vote automatically if one appears on a government database somewhere -- such as a WIC recipient or other user of social services. Naturally, the federal government is the ideal home for such a system, and efforts are bubbling in Congress for a federal role in voter registration registries. Some states have even enacted mandatory voter registration.
Of course, voter registration plays an important role. It allows election officials to verify the identity of registrants, to place them in the correct precincts, and to ensure that duplicate registrations don't exist.
These concerns, however, are considered nuisances to mandatory voting advocates.
6. Dirty Voter Rolls
Leftist groups are opposing efforts to clean voter rolls across the country. Millions of phony and obsolete registrations infect the rolls.
These groups have sued the Ohio secretary of State, and have interfered in other attempts to keep the rolls clean. They say their aim is to prevent a valid voter from being removed improperly -- but they can't even find a single voter who was removed contrary to law.
Dirty rolls allow criminals to exploit vulnerabilities in the system. Meloweese Richardson and Lessa Dolla Sowers voted multiple times because of dirty voter rolls, and they aren't alone.
That's the behavior organizations opposed to proper list maintenance are trying to preserve.
7. Foreign Language Ballots
Federal law requires foreign language ballots in certain American jurisdictions. In practice, it means that most urban areas have foreign language ballots -- Philadelphia, Miami, Houston, Dallas, Phoenix, Denver, Cleveland, Los Angeles and Las Vegas. No, it is not true that because one must have an understanding of English to become a citizen that they must vote in English. The Voting Rights Act says otherwise. Moreover, Puerto Rican Americans in the United States have a right under federal law to a Spanish ballot.
Expanding foreign language ballots into areas not required by federal law has been an agenda item of racial interest groups.
8. Same Day Registration
Same day registration is a law that allows you to walk into a polling place for the first time, register to vote, and cast a regular ballot. It is a top agenda item of the institutional Left.
Voter fraud associated with same day registration allowed Senator Al Franken to win in 2008, and also helped President Obama win Ohio in 2008.
9. State Qualification Instructions on Registration Forms
Groups like the ACLU and League of Women Voters are trying to prevent states from including state qualification rules on the federally mandated voter registration form. Naturally, the Justice Department is on their side.
The federal voter registration form is a product of Motor Voter, passed in 1993. It forces states to accept the form from all registrants in order to vote in federal elections. Some states have enacted qualification instructions, such as proof of citizenship requirements.
Preserving a federal voter registration form without any pesky state qualification requirements is a top agenda item of the institutional left. They have the help, once again, of large law firms like Kirkland and Ellis and Arnold and Porter representing them for free against officials like Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach.
Kansas Secretary of State Kobach
The reason the left is such a fan of the federal form is that it is wholly ineffective at preventing non-citizens from registering to vote.
The Public Interest Legal Foundation has provided multiple federal courts voter registration forms where the applicant said they or they were not a citizen, but were still registered to vote. These forms, gathered by True the Vote, were from one county in Texas, but the problem is nationwide.
We are learning that Virginia is also plagued by aliens registering and voting in federal elections.
Of course it is a federal felony for an alien to register, and another felony for them to vote. But guess who has to investigate and enforce that law?
James Comey's FBI, and Loretta Lynch's Department of Justice.
10. National Popular Vote
The left wants to eliminate one of the central features of the Constitution -- the Electoral College.
Instead, they want a national popular vote.
This change would shift power and GOTV dollars to large urban areas. The Electoral College reflects the fact that the states are independent sovereigns. The Constitution respects the state's power to cast votes for president as a sovereign state, and with it comes the consent of the state to participate in the federal system.
The Electoral College decentralizes power over state elections away from Washington and to the statehouses, where after each election, actual electors gather and cast votes days after the election.
In 1996, as counsel to the secretary of State of South Carolina, I managed the meeting of the presidential electors in South Carolina. The event happened days after the election, a time that would give electors nationwide a chance to reflect on the events surrounding the election.
The states control the casting of electoral votes under our Constitution. That's what the left hates. They prefer large urban areas decide the outcome of presidential elections, areas where an effective two-party system doesn't exist. When the corruption of Philadelphia and Detroit can directly taint the outcome of national elections instead of being confined to the casting of Pennsylvania's and Michigan's electoral votes, the lawless will have triumphed.
------------------------
If you can't remember the particulars of the list above, the theme can be summed up as follows: more federal power, more centralized control, and less state control.
You'll notice that opposing voter ID didn't make the list. While voter ID is important, the institutional Left has bigger fish to fry.
These 10 agenda items move hundreds of thousands of votes, while voter ID would stop a comparative whisper of illegal votes.
The institutional Left understands that controlling the process rules leads to power. The machinery matters more than the policy. So watch for these ten agenda items to be repackaged and forced upon an America that once treasured decentralization of power and the rule of law.
Hello everyone!
In my previous post I presented SDRRL, and in the one before that a demo of that algorithm. Since then, I have made many improvements to the algorithm, vastly increasing performance, both in terms of convergence rate and processing power used. I have another demo, but this time it is not a web demo, since it is something I used for internal testing that I just cleaned up a bit 🙂
SDRRL v2.0 Demo
I present to you a simple “Big Dog” style demo, where SDRRL must learn to move a robotic dog body to the right. Almost all of the processing time spent is taken up by the physics engine instead of the AI.
When running the demo, press T to speed up time, and K to reverse the walking direction.
Link to the demo: https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B2btNvgW7MHUV2xfalUzLW5YaXc/view?usp=sharing
Note: It's made in VS2015, so you may need the VS2015 runtime to run it: http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=48145
Screenshot:
The current SDR is shown in the bottom left.
PRSDRRL
Wow, that acronym, I know! It stands for Predictive Recurrent Sparse Distributed Representation Reinforcement Learning!
I cannot give a full description of this beast yet, I would be here forever! It's my latest AGI attempt, with several bizarre features:
No stochastic sampling/experience replay – it is fully online
Hierarchical feature extraction and prediction (world model building)
Prediction-perturbation action selection
Imagination! (Yes, really – read more below!)
Self-model
So first off, let me say that it is not done yet! So if any of you try the code (which is available on GitHub: https://github.com/222464/BIDInet/blob/master/BIDInet/source/sdr/PRSDRRL.h), don't expect it to work yet! It is highly experimental.
So, the first feature I harp on a lot – something backpropagation-based solutions lack, and that is fully online learning without experience replay or stochastic sampling (which have horrible computational complexity).
The second feature is there because this is based off of my PRSDR algorithm, which is basically a hierarchical LSTM replacement (for those interested, I have some performance benchmarks, showing the upsides and downsides). It's the usual HTM-like bidirectional predictive hierarchy thing.
Actions are selected by perturbing the predictions towards actions that lead to higher reward. Right now I am using a simple policy gradient method to do this.
Now, the last two points are sort of the same thing: This model has imagination. I'm serious! The basic idea is as follows: Leak some of your own predictions into your input. This way, the model tries not only to run and predict off of the world, but also itself. It tries to predict its own predictions – lead to a sort of sensory-implanting imagination similar to that that humans have. Sure, this imagination isn't really necessary for AGI, but it's a good heuristic to speed up learning I think. It allows for simulation of situations ahead of time, and planning as a result.
Other than that the model uses good ol' SARSA for reward prediction and temporal difference error generation.
I am working on some demos for it now, and am I trying to train it on the ALE. Let's see how that goes!
Until next time!
(AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais)
Any day now, President Trump is going to issue a new version of their travel ban — one designed to get around the courts, which blocked their last one. Which will renew attention to the question: what is the real motive behind their ban?
In a new interview, one of the chief architects of that ban has offered an expanded rationale for it that goes well beyond the original one. Top Trump adviser Stephen Miller says the ban isn't just about national security; it's also about protecting American workers from foreign competition and protecting taxpayers from the drain on public benefits that refugees represent.
Miller — who has been widely described as one of the key ideologists behind Trump's America-first nationalism, along with Stephen Bannon — made the comments in the big Bloomberg Businessweek profile of them that has been making the rounds today. Here's the key part:
Miller and Bannon want Trump to undertake a radical recasting of U.S. policies, from immigration to trade to taxation, that would invert this frame by making the interests of U.S. citizens (or what Miller and Bannon perceive to be their interests) predominant, almost to the point of exclusivity. This will entail confronting trade-offs most people prefer to ignore and making hard-headed decisions on emotionally charged issues, such as the status of refugees and Dreamers — decisions Miller, with Trump's blessing, has begun tackling already. The order temporarily banning refugees from seven Muslim-majority countries is a prime example. Miller contends that national security concerns warranted the move but adds that refugees compete with U.S. workers (“Obviously, a smaller number of refugees will have some effects in terms of raising wages”) and burden U.S. taxpayers (“because of how expensive American benefits programs are”), whereas “regional resettlement” would be cheaper. “For the prices of resettling one refugee in America,” they say, “you can support 12 in their home region.” (His numbers come from a study done by the Center for Immigration Studies, a conservative think tank in Washington.)
In this telling, the ban — which temporarily barred from entry refugees and migrants from seven Muslim-majority countries — is also necessary because refugees (and, presumably, migrants) are competing with Americans for jobs, driving down wages, and because they are accessing taxpayer-funded benefits.
The original executive order is heavily focused on national security as the rationale for the ban, describing it as designed to “protect the American people from terrorist attacks.” The order adds that “numerous foreign-born individuals have been convicted or implicated in terrorism-related crimes since September 11, 2001,” including some “who entered through the United States refugee resettlement program.” It says the temporary pause is necessary to tighten the screening process.
Miller's latest comments suggest an additional rationale, however, one rooted in a much broader set of imperatives designed to limit immigration for reasons that go beyond national security. And elsewhere in the Bloomberg piece, Miller talks about the need to restrict immigration to protect American workers.
Of course, it's possible for the ban to have more than one rationale, and Miller themselves says as much. But the point is that this raises additional legitimate questions about whether the national security rationale for the ban is merely a pretext. Such questions have been raised before. As many have pointed out, Trump repeatedly campaigned on an explicit vow to ban Muslim entry into the United States, which raises questions as to whether the executive order was designed to move towards a Muslim ban in a manner designed to get around legal hurdles, meaning it has discriminatory intent and effect. In blocking the ban, the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals agreed that outside evidence, such as Trump's public “Muslim ban” comments, can be considered in assessing its intent. Miller has added another possible motive into the mix.
Indeed, this reading is consistent with everything we now know about the immigration vision put forth by Miller and Bannon. As the Los Angeles Times reports today:
Behind President Trump's efforts to step up deportations and block travel from seven mostly Muslim countries lies a goal that reaches far beyond any immediate terrorism threat: a desire to reshape American demographics for the long term and keep out people who Trump and senior aides believe will not assimilate… U.S. demographics have been changing rapidly — and undesirably in the eyes of top Trump aides, including their chief strategist, Stephen K. Bannon, and domestic policy advisor Stephen Miller. Inside the West Wing, the two men have pushed an ominous view of refugee and immigration flows, telling other policymakers that if large numbers of Muslims are allowed to enter the U.S., parts of American cities will begin to replicate marginalized immigrant neighborhoods in France, Germany and Belgium that have been home to plotters of terrorist attacks in recent years, according to a White House aide familiar with the discussions… The two men see the country's long-term security and wage growth entwined with reducing the number of foreign-born people allowed to visit, immigrate and work in the U.S.
And so, for Miller and Bannon, the rationale for the ban is rooted in something much broader — a combined longer-term demographic reshaping project designed to protect American workers from foreign competition and prevent European-style immigrant communities (which are seen as potential incubators of terror attacks) from developing in the United States. Miller's comments in the Bloomberg article are broadly consistent with this. (The travel ban is temporary, but it's easy to see it getting expanded and prolonged in the event of a terror attack, and moreover, another tacit goal here could be to discourage certain types of emigration to the U.S.)
Meanwhile, a recently leaked internal Department of Homeland Security assessment blew apart the administration's stated short-term national security rationale for the travel ban, concluding that “country of citizenship is unlikely to be a reliable indicator of potential terrorist activity.”
Put this all together, and the idea that there is a serious and legitimate short term national security rationale for the travel ban is becoming harder and harder to sustain. It's hard to say whether this will have any legal significance once the new version is introduced, but we now have very little doubt as to what is actually driving it.
Passengers wait for their train at the L'Enfant Plaza Metro station. Metro has begun using data from SmarTrip cards to measure on-time performance. (Nikki Kahn/The Washington Post)
The way Metro measures the on-time performance of its trains has long seemed dubious to a lot of riders. Data published by the transit agency sometimes show that the subway ran efficiently in a given quarter — and commuters will scratch their heads, recalling how many times they were late for work in those months.
As Metro's chief performance officer, Andrea Burnside, put it in a report to be delivered Thursday to the agency's board, “Customers have expressed disbelief in the measure because the results often do not match their experiences.”
Maybe the polite ones say it like that.
Now, however, Metro is using a new method to gauge efficiency, or lack thereof, becoming the nation's first transit system to measure subway performance by passenger “travel time,” Burnside said in an interview.
Rather than simply monitoring the flow of trains — which are supposed to arrive in stations at specified time intervals — Metro this month began using data from hundreds of thousands of ­SmarTrip cards to record how long it takes for riders to travel between stations, compared with how long the trips ideally should take.
“The movement of the trains and the movement of the people are really two different things,” Burnside said. “We may say, for example, that the trains are 80-something percent on time. Then our customers, when we ask them how often they think they were on time, they'll tell us it was 60-something percent.”
[Metro acknowledges poor performance contributes to ridership decline.]
In the spring, when Metro publishes its next quarterly performance report, covering the first three months of 2016, they said, commuters will see “a more transparent” accounting of how well or poorly the subway operated. And customers with registered ­SmarTrip cards will find a wealth of new online data measuring their personal experiences.
For beleaguered Metro, plagued by safety and financial woes, especially in the past year, it's not always easy to convince riders that efficiency statistics issued by the agency are legitimate. Metro officials, for instance, might report that on-time performance was 85-plus percent. And commuters sneer incredulously.
Metro's longtime method of calculating on-time performance “is consistent with similar measures at other transit properties and the data used for the calculations is accurate,” Burnside wrote in their report. However, “customers have repeatedly commented that they are more concerned about the overall amount of time it takes to complete a trip and about the reliability and predictability of their travel time.”
The old method was based on what are called “headways.”
During rush hours at some stations in downtown Washington, for example, a train is scheduled to arrive every three minutes. Elsewhere in the system, at other hours, headways are scheduled for six minutes or 12 minutes.
Whenever a train arrives within its designated headway — plus or minus a few minutes, depending on the station and the time of day — it is considered “on time.” But that can have little to do with whether riders get where they're going in a reasonable time.
[Metro's new top manager faces an array of problems and challenges. ]
Because of a slowdown in the subway, resulting from an infrastructure or mechanical problem somewhere in the system, a train packed with passengers might hold at a platform for several minutes before it is cleared to move. As long as the next train pulls into the station within its headway, the sequence is recorded as on time.
Another familiar scenario: A train arrives in a station so jammed with passengers that some customers on the platform can't squeeze aboard. So they wait for the next train, which is also stuffed. So they wait again. And again. If the crowded trains keep showing up within their headways, they are deemed on time. Even by that loose measure, Metro has struggled.
“On-time performance fell below 80 percent this quarter,” Burnside's office reported in the fall, referring to July, August and September. That was the worst three-month performance since Metro began publishing such statistics five years ago.
Under the new method, when a rider uses a SmarTrip card to enter a station, Metro's software records the time. Then it records the time when the same card is used to exit a station. And it adds a few minutes of “buffer time,” as Burnside put it, meaning the estimated time that the rider spends “navigating” in and out of the station on foot. These buffer times vary depending on the station, they said.
The rider's total travel time is measured against the ideal travel time between the two stations. They said hundreds of thousands of calculations are being made daily, accounting for all trips in the nation's second-busiest subway.
“Metrorail will become the first U.S. system to have such a measure,” Burnside wrote in their report. “In a research effort, staff has learned of only one other subway system (London Underground) that measures their customer experience in such a way.”
This spring, they said, commuters who have registered their SmarTrip cards on Metro's website will be able to go online to review their “individual travel summaries” for the two stations they travel between most often. The summaries will note their slowest trips in terms of time, their fastest trips and their average travel times, with information about why a trip on a particular day might have taken longer than normal.
“We haven't really had the tools before to do this,” Burnside said. “Now, with business intelligence tools and computer capabilities, we're able to take a much better look at performance from a customer point of view.”
As esports booms across Europe, the Netherlands finds a bigger boost to its repertoire—by airing regular competitive gaming on television. Specifically, the Dutch Dota Championships, from the studio and team of the Dutch Dota League, has made its new weekly Dota 2 competition available on television through an agreement with Fox Sports.
“Both Dutch Dota and [production studio] Inside e-sports are super excited to broadcast our program live on Fox Sports,” the staff told The Flying Courier. “We are super proud and grateful that they give us the opportunity to broadcast DotA to such a well-known sports channel.“
In this league, eight teams compete for seven months, from November 21 until June 23, for a €4.000 prize pool and tickets for WCA 2018 in China.
The staff has high hopes for the teams in such an intimate, if lengthy, series.
“The amount of teams for DDC was restricted to eight teams so that we could have a tournament in which player stories have time to develop,” they explained. “Since the tournament lasts until the end of June we hope that some rivalries can unfold, which would be really cool from a productions standpoint.”
For players not quite up to par for the Championships, the staff also runs the Dutch Dota League, a weekly league for players in the region. Mostly played for fun, DDL has been around for over two years and across five seasons.
The DDC/DDL staff told TFC that the community is small, “but it's slowly growing.” This online tournament brings in players from the communities of BeNeDotA, a Dota group overlapping Germany and the Netherlands, and DutchDotA.
With the additional presence of some ex-pros of Heroes of Newerth and highly-ranked Dota 2 players, they explained, the League itself became increasingly competitive—“hence why this competition [DDC] is a reality.”
The show-runners hope that airing this competitive atmosphere to a greater audience will help the Dutch Dota 2 scene.
“We at Dutch Dota and Inside esports hope to make esports is more mainstream,” they told TFC. “Esports can be super exciting to watch, and by publishing DotA on Fox Sports, people from other esports or sports may be attracted to give DotA a try, which would help grow the Dutch Dota community.”
The event airs live Tuesdays on Fox Sports 7, 6:00 PM local time (12:00 PM ET), but the event remains accessible via Twitch for non-Dutch (or non-television) viewers via Inside Esports TV.
[EDITOR'S NOTE: Some quotes were edited for clarity.]
[ Blogmaster note : See also: Body Of U.S. Military Expert Found In Del. Landfill , Associated Press, 04 Jan 2011.]
The following article is reprinted with permission from Whatdoesitmean.com
Top U.S. Official Murdered After Arkansas Weapons Test Causes Mass Death
© Whatdoesitmean.com
January 4, 2011
A shocking report prepared for Prime Minister Putin by the Foreign Military Intelligence Directorate (GRU) states that one of the United States top experts in biological and chemical weapons was brutally murdered after they threatened to expose a U.S. Military test of poison gas that killed hundreds of thousands of animals in Arkansas this past week.
According to this report, John P. Wheeler III , Special Assistant to the Secretary of the Air Force, Washington, D.C. from 2005-2008, when they became the Special Assistant to the Acting Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Installations, Logistics and Environment, was found brutally murdered and dumped in a landfill, and as we can read as reported by the Fox News Service:
Delaware Police are investigating the apparent murder of a former Bush official who also championed the fund-raising effort to build the Vietnam Veterans Memorial on the Mall in Washington, D.C. Wheeler's body was found in Wilmington on Friday.
According to police, somebody initially reported that the body was dumped out of a refuse truck, which would have been coming from Newark, onto the landfill. Newark Police spokesperson Lt. Mark Farrall told Fox News that nobody had reported Wheeler missing before they were found.
The Wilmington News Journal reported that Wheeler was last seen riding an Amtrak train from Washington to Wilmington, Del., last Tuesday.
Wheeler's military career included writing one of the most important manuals on the effectiveness of biological and chemical weapons which led to theirs being hired in 2009 as a consultant to the Mitre Corporation , whose aviation system development department, the GRU reports, is at the forefront of creating the computer command and control systems used by the U.S. Air Force in their fleet of aerial spraying planes.
These aerial spraying planes, this report continues, are based at the Little Rock Air Force Base in Arkansas that over the past few months have been involved with ‘test dispersants' of poisonous gasses in the Afghanistan War Theater using chemical weapons stocks obtained from Iraq and held at the Pine Bluff Arsenal , also located in Arkansas.
Important to note about the Pine Bluff Arsenal, which calls itself “ America's Arsenal “, is that it is one of the World's most specialized munitions and chemical-biological defense products and services bases which Russia had previously accused of not fully reporting the chemical agents removed from Iraq, between 2003 and 2008, and taken to the U.S. for testing and subsequent destruction.
According to this report, the U.S. relocated from Iraq to the Pine Bluff Arsenal an estimated 63,000 metric tonnes of the poisonous gas Phosgene that is described as one of the most feared chemical weapons ever used due to its ability to literally cause the lungs and respiratory system to explode .
Nearly immediately after Russia accused the U.S. this past summer of not fully destroying Iraq's Phosgene poisonous gas stockpile the Pine Bluff Arsenal began an ‘accelerated' disposal programme injecting it deep into the ground in central Arkansas, but which, unfortunately, since this past September, has caused over 500 minor earthquakes to occur raising the concerns of their local population.
More frightening, however, is the claim made in this report that the Americans have also begun shipping ‘massive quantities' of Iraq's Phosgene poisonous gas stocks to Afghanistan where when used they will be able to say they had nothing to do with it, and believe no one will be able to prove it either.
Important to note about Iraq's Phosgene poisonous gas stocks are that they are no longer able to be made by any Western country, including the United States, which makes its value as a Weapon of Mass Destruction (WMD) incalculable, especially in a war situation like Afghanistan where the enemy forces are firmly entrenched in hostile terrain.
To the direct reason for Wheeler's murder, this report says, was this past week's transport of Iraqi Phosgene poisonous gas aboard a U.S. Air Force KC-767 tanker aircraft from Little Rock Air Force Base enroute to Afghanistan that shortly after takeoff had a ‘critical malfunction' of its aerial spraying computer directed command and control system over central Arkansas causing the deaths of thousands of red-wing blackbirds .
According to U.S. reports an estimated 5,000 of these birds were killed outright and were quickly removed by U.S. Environmental Services workers wearing hazmat suits and gas masks . Another U.S. report states that cause of death to these thousands of birds was “ trauma in the breast tissue, with blood clots in the body cavity and a lot of internal bleeding ” which this GRU report states is consistent with Phosgene exposure.
Even more chilling than this incident is this GRU report stating that it was the second “accidental” release of Phosgene poisonous gas in as many days, as the day before, this same U.S. Air Force KC-767 tanker aircraft also had a “critical malfunction” causing a release over the Arkansas River that killed over 100,000 fish .
Upon Wheeler discovering what was happening with Iraq's Phosgene poisonous gas stockpiles, this report continues, they traveled from their home in Delaware to Washington D.C. where they openly confronted and threatened to expose the Pentagon and White House Officials responsible. Being a Vietnam Veteran who was responsible for having the famous memorial to that war erected , Wheeler was more than knowledgeable about the United States massive chemical and biological attacks in that conflict and had vowed to not let it happen again.
Sadly, but all too common in the United States these days, when Wheeler threatened to go public with what was happening they were targeted for death, and as a “sign” to anyone else thinking of going against the regime, had their body dumped in a garbage pit for all the World to see.
Today, another great American was murdered in an effort to save their country from destruction. Sadly, their death will go barely noticed; the American people seem no longer to care as they continue to seek their solace in their propaganda media lies rather than confronting the brutal truth about the monsters they have let rule over them.
For hundreds of thousands of other Americans they have become so disassociated with what is happening to, and around them, they have proclaimed May 21, 2011 as the day the World will end and are giving up everything in preparing to meet their God.
The great American Revolutionary leader Noah Webster once said :
Every child in America should be acquainted with their own country. They should read books that furnish them with ideas that will be useful to them in life and practice. As soon as they open their lips, they should rehearse the history of their own country.
The Americans living today have utterly failed to heed these words and have, instead, become just what their masters have always intended for them to be… imbeciles . May God have mercy on them all.
[End.]
Share:
Advertisements
CLOSE After six years playing in Rochester and eight overall, the Western York Flash appear headed to Cary, North Carolina. Jeff DiVeronica
Flash forward Lynn Williams celebrates scoring the first overtime of Sunday's NWSL semifinal in Portland, Oregon. No. 4 seed WNY upset the top-seeded Thorns 4-3 in double overtime to reach Sunday's championship match in Houston against No. 2 Washington. (Photo: Craig Mitchelldyer/isiphotos.com)
The Western New York Flash say the Buffalo-Rochester area is no longer the "the right fit," for them to operate their franchise in the NWSL. Details about the team's exit first emerged Friday and the club finally released a statement Monday shortly after it was made official that it's selling the rights to its team, which will relocate and be called the North Carolina Courage.
"Unfortunately, it has become apparent that the Western New York market is not the right fit for the NWSL and the future direction of the league," the Flash statement said. "We know that the North Carolina market will provide what the players deserve and we are excited to see the team continue to compete at the highest level."
Stephen Malik, who owns North Carolina FC, a men's pro team in the 6-year-old North American Soccer League (NASL), is buying the Flash. They said Monday they have "entered into an agreement," to purchase the club that played for eight seasons, the last six in Rochester. The Flash won championships in four different leagues from 2009-2016, including the National Women's Soccer League title in October.
North Carolina Gov. Roy Cooper, was on hand for the announcement in Cary, North Carolina, where Malik's teams are based.
The Flash are owned by Joe Sahlen of Buffalo-based Sahlen's Packing Co., and their daughter, former player Alexandra Sahlen, the team president. The club, which runs the WNY Flash Soccer Academy for youth players, is based in Elma, Erie County. Pro players practiced and lived in the Buffalo area and only played matches in Rochester from 2011-16.
CLOSE D&C Digital's Jeff DiVeronica talks with Salvatore "Soccer Sam" Fantauzzo about the WNY Flash's apparent departure to North Carolina. Jeff DiVeronica, Virginia Butler
"We're excited to go to North Carolina. The history of soccer is amazing there, too, but it's really sad to leave western New York," said forward Lynn Williams, the reigning MVP of the NWSL set to begin their third pro season. "It's kind of bittersweet. We built a community there."
The 23-year-old mentioned "The Flashers” and "Flash Mob" fan clubs by name, and that "many amazing fans supported us through the highs and the lows."
After a massive roster turnover from its NWSL runner-up team in 2013, the Flash missed the playoffs in 2014 and 2015. Last year's title with such a young group almost arrived a year ahead of schedule, a notion coach Paul Riley said repeatedly last fall. They replaced Aaran Lines, the head coach and general manager from 2009-15. Lines is married to Alex Sahlen. They have two young children. Their growing family was one reason Lines cited while resigning in December of 2015.
Local fans won't be able to celebrate the 2016 Flash title. They'll have to watch from afar as some former WNY players, the young nucleus that helped the club return to prominence on the field last fall, try to become stars elsewhere. "Kind of bummer," Williams said softly.
Flash forward Lynn Williams celebrates scoring the first overtime of Sunday's NWSL semifinal in Portland, Oregon. No. 4 seed WNY upset the top-seeded Thorns 4-3 in double overtime to reach Sunday's championship match in Houston against No. 2 Washington. (Photo: Craig Mitchelldyer/isiphotos.com)
Williams, midfielders Samantha Mewis and Taylor Smith, forward Jess McDonald and defenders Abby Dahlkemper and Jaelene Hinkle, are all getting serious looks from U.S. national team coach Jill Ellis. Dahlkemper, Mewis, Williams and Hinkle were largely anonymous rookies as first-round draft picks in 2015.
The Buffalo Flash won the semi-pro W-League in 2010, then jumped to the pro ranks in 2011, helping save Women's Professional Soccer for one season before it folded. A star-studded WNY team led by then five-time reigning FIFA World Player of the Year Marta won the last WPS crown. WPS average attendance was just 3,518, but an 85 percent spike after the World Cup — the one when Abby Wambach's header in the quarterfinals helped spark a women's soccer renaissance in America — gave hope that a third women's league could work.
CLOSE Samantha Mewis could be the Flash's next U.S. national team star. Video by Jeff DiVeronica.
The Women's United Soccer Association (2001-03), which included the Carolina Courage, and WPS (2009-11) each failed. The NWSL, which is partly subsidized and run by the U.S. Soccer Federation, is headed into its fifth season.
“The NWSL has been an incredible platform for the top women's soccer players to perform in and we are proud to have been a founding member. We wish the NWSL and our other fellow ownership groups — as well as U.S. Soccer — the best of luck," the Flash statement said.
The organization hoped to identify another owner in the area but could not. Look for the Sahlen's brand of meats, as part of the deal, to show up in Cary in some form. As recently as 2013, WNY was the envy of many other organizations. It was praised in 2011-13 for making the dual-city operation work, a setup that also led to its demise.
The Flash pushed through instability in the women's game to capture titles in the W-League (2010), WPS (2011), WPSL Elite (2012) and hosted the inaugural NWSL championship match in 2013, which Portland won, 2-0. WNY was near the top of WPS and the NWSL in attendance in 2011 and 2013, big crowds showed up for championship matches in Rochester those seasons, too, and no one forgot the WPS-record crowd of 15,404 for a match three days after the 2011 World Cup final between the Flash and magicJack, which included Pittsford native Wambach, Hope Solo, Christie Rampone and Megan Rapinoe.
But after being hailed as a top GM/coach, Lines fell out of favor with many players. Veterans and youngsters wanted out. A huge roster turnover, including losing Wambach and trading Carli Lloyd, led to missing the playoffs in 2014 and 2015. The Flash rebuilt through the 2015 NWSL Draft, but the dual-city setup always hindered the club's ability to gain more of a following.
Flash players weren't in Rochester much, if at all, other than to play in matches, and the club operated with a belief that as long as the team won fans would show up. The Sahlens did pump millions into running the Flash, but advertising and marketing budgets were always limited.
"I don't think that helped us in the long run. I think it was hard to do marketing for games," Williams said about the dual-city setup. "I think it's hard to ask families that have little kids to drive an hour and a half to go to Rochester. I think that was a downfall in the whole marketing aspect."
The club looked more recently into a venue in the Buffalo area that the NWSL would approve, but couldn't find one. The statement Monday did say all Flash employees were offered "opportunities within our entities and we hope they continue to work with us for many years to come." Player contracts will be transferred to the Courage, said Malik, who bought the Carolina RailHawks in the fall of 2015 and just recently renamed them North Carolina FC.
NEWSLETTERS Get the High School Sports newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Stay in the know about what is happening in HS sports Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-790-9565. Delivery: Thurs Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for High School Sports Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
"This is a stacked and loaded team with talent," the North Carolina owner said.
Malik said in December they would take an aggressive approach to attracting an NWSL franchise. The Sahlens were listening.
Buy Photo Marta was one of the stars on a 2011 squad for the Flash that Sports Illustrated said could possibly have been the best in women's club soccer history. (Photo: 2011 FILE PHOTO)
Despite having a star-laden roster in 2011 and in 2013 with Wambach and Lloyd, the Flash never averaged more than 4,900 fans. Meanwhile, Houston (5,696) and Orlando (8,785), expansion teams in 2014 and 2016, respectively, ranked third and second in attendance last season. The Portland (Oregon) Thorns, who averaged 16,945, remain the standard.
Did the NWSL out grow small-market WNY?
"The Flash will always play an important role in the history of NWSL, and for that we are grateful to everyone in Western New York who were part of it,” said NWSL commissioner Jeff Plush, whose league averaged 5,558 fans in 2016.
WNY averaged 2,860 fans in 2014, second worst in the NWSL, but increased that to 3,868 last year, which ranked fifth. With a championship squad and potential stars emerging, could the Flash have boosted that? That'll remain a mystery. "It has been an incredible journey and we will cherish these memories for a lifetime," the organization said.
JDIVERON@Gannett.com
It's that time of year where the first cold wind sends me running for my long johns and I start thumbing through the LL Bean catalog and mixing hot toddies. Every year I get a bit of a fascination with flannel, fleece, denim and thermal knit. This year I've been thinking about the one pair of jeans I own. I've had them a year and while I love the design and the fit, they're starting to look a little worse for the wear. The knees have gone baggy, they've started to fade and I wouldn't be too surprised if they started developing holes. In general, if I buy something new and in style I'll opt for something that isn't too expensive. This leaves me with many things that aren't as well made or long lasting as I'd like. I got the idea to make new pants. I wanted something that styled like a work pant (wide enough to fit over boots, roomy with big pockets) but would be warmer than any pants I've had.
I started by making a mock up over the course of a week. I hadn't made pants since high school, about 2007 when low-rise jeans were still popular. The only pattern I had for jeans was one with a very slim fit and low waist. I changed the pattern a lot, making the pockets bigger, the rise higher and the legs roomier. I ended up omitting the waistband in favor of a large yoke to which I'd attach the flannel lining. I didn't want to spend much (as I didn't know how these would turn out), so all I bought new was denim (a 98% cotton 2% spandex dark wash from Hancock's) and a spool of heavy-duty gray thread for top stitching. The flannel, zipper and button I already had. I would like to make these pants again and match the zipper and button better and add rivets.
The denim I bought wasn't very thick but the flannel is extra cozy. I started sewing the legs together and top-stitching everything. This part was pretty easy. The hard part about making pants is the dreaded fly. The only 2 other pairs of pants I made ended up with a fly that didn't close right and just screamed “Hey look at this poorly constructed crotch!”. So I took my time and spent several hours on the fly and front yoke/waistband. I made the flannel lining out of just the leg pieces and sewed them to an inside yoke made of denim. I joined the lining and pants at the top seam and stuffed the lining inside. I stitched the two together at the bottom with a top-stitched seam and hand stitched the two raw edges left by the inside fly.
They turned out better than I thought they might. They're big enough that I can wear them over wool tights and leg warmers, but they're also form fitting where it counts. There's a tiny gap at the back waist but I'm not sure if I mind enough to take them apart and fix them. The front fly came together well, but the zipper is still a bit visible. I probably shouldn't have chosen such a bulky zipper, but again, I didn't want to buy a new one. I'll be saving the revised pattern I made with these and will probably try the project again in the spring, aiming to fix some of what I didn't like about these.
Advertisements
A few months ago, conservatives sought to gain politically by going after the contraceptive mandate implemented by the Department of Health and Human Services. This immediately became an issue of religious liberty for conservatives because it would have required religious institutions to cover contraceptives even if it was against their teachings.
Thanks to some rather nutty comments by Rick Santorum, who openly questioned the use of contraceptives, Democrats were able to spin the issue into a so-called “war on women.” The situation was exacerbated thanks to comments by Rush Limbaugh aimed at Sandra Fluke, who had argued that taxpayers should fund contraceptives. Even though Fluke's reasoning was flawed, taxpayers shouldn't be forced to subsidize their contraceptives, Limbaugh's comments were completely unnecessary and wrong.
The strategy was successful in the short-term, as wedge issues usually are. However, it eventually backfired on them when Hilary Rosen, a Democratic operative, said that Ann Romney, wife of presumptive GOP nominee Mitt Romney, had never worked a day in their life.
Romney took to Twitter to defend herself, setting off a firestorm that caused Rosen to later apologize. The argument from conservatives is that Democrats are waging a “war on stay-at-moms,” largely silencing Democrats on the issue and swinging momentum back to Republicans — at least temporarily.
On Tuesday evening, this “meme war” between liberals and conservatives was escalated thanks to the revelation that Barack Obama, as a kid, tried dog meat. This paricularly meme was apparently the result of a David Axelrod taking a subtle dig at Mitt Romney. And just like that #ObamaDogRecipes was born on Twitter.
With polls showing that social and cultural issues standing low on voters' radar, you'd think that the economy would be the focus on both sides. But since Obama has no real record to run on, resorting instead to a blame game to explain away their failures and conservatives apparently still believe that wedge social issues are a winning formula; voters are almost assured that neither party is prepared to be open and honest with them in the upcoming election.
Of course, this is broadly speaking. There are certainly members of each party in Congress that are truly concerned about the economy, which polls indicate is the most pressing issue facing the country. But sadly, they are few and far between.
It's hard to take any politician or talking head seriously over the cacophony of stupidity that comes to us on social media and in the news, and this isn't limited to any one side. Most Americans don't care about about the other side's “war on [insert group here]” when unemployment and gas prices remain high.
If you're a blogger, no matter your political or philosophical persuasion, and you're keeping up with the “Meme of the Day,” kindly get back to what matters in this election and stop deviating to issues that otherwise don't matter to voters.
4.8-inch 1080p device featuring a Snapdragon 600 chip
We have heard time and time again about the upcoming Sony Xperia C670X , rumored to launch this summer, and latest we are hearing on the grapevine is that it will be a truly impressive. That is the same chip powering the HTC One and expected to be in some versions of the Samsung Galaxy S IV.Judging from the similar model number (the Xperia Z is C660X), the upcoming Xperia C670X might end up looking similar save for the slightly smaller display. On the inside, it's noticeably more muscular, though. The quad-core processor clock is bumped up to 1.8GHz, and it features Adreno 320 graphics. The C670X is also said to come with 2GB RAM, 32GB internal storage and a 13MP Exmor RS camera.Now interestingly enough, the Xperia Blog was also sent a curious little render. It could be the C670X, or it could be just a placeholder image. The latter is more likely as that is actually the same image found in the Xperia Z guide.Finally, expectations are to see the Sony Xperia C670X in the middle of 2013 with Android 4.2 Jelly Bean.source: Xperia Blog
Moses Fleetwood Walker (October 7, 1856 – May 11, 1924) was an American professional baseball catcher who is credited with being one of the first black men to play in Major League Baseball (MLB). A native of Mount Pleasant, Ohio, and a star athlete at Oberlin College as well as the University of Michigan, Walker played for semi-professional and minor league baseball clubs before joining the Toledo Blue Stockings of the American Association (AA) for the 1884 season.
Though research by the Society for American Baseball Research (SABR) indicates William Edward White was the first African-American baseball player in the major leagues, Walker, unlike White (who passed as a white man), was open about their black heritage, and often faced racial bigotry so prevalent in the late 19th century United States. Their brother, Weldy, became the second black athlete to do so later in the same year, also for the Toledo ball club. Walker played just one season, 42 games total, for Toledo before injuries entailed their release.
Walker played in the minor leagues until 1889, and was the last African-American to participate on the major league level before Jackie Robinson broke baseball's color line in 1947. After their baseball career, they became a successful business person and inventor. As an advocate of Black nationalism, Walker also jointly edited a newspaper, The Equator, with their brother. They published a book, Our Home Colony (1908), to explore ideas about emigrating back to Africa. They died in 1924 at the age of 67.
Biography [ edit ]
Early life [ edit ]
Moses Fleetwood Walker was born in 1856 in Mount Pleasant, a working-class town in Eastern Ohio that had served as a sanctuary for runaway slaves since 1815. Its population included a large Quaker community and a unique collective of former Virginian slaves.[1] Walker's parents, Moses W. Walker and Caroline O' Harra, were both mulattos.[3] According to Walker's biographer David W. Zang, their father came to Ohio from Pennsylvania, likely a beneficiary of Quaker patronage, and married O' Harra, who was a native to the state, on June 11, 1843. When Walker was three years old, the family moved 20 miles northeast to Steubenville where Moses W. became one of the first black physicians of Ohio and later a minister of the Methodist Episcopal Church.[5] There, Walker's fifth or sixth sibling, their younger brother Weldy, was born the same year.[6] Walker and Weldy attended Steubenville High School in the early 1870s, just as the community passed legislation for racial integration.
As an adult, Walker enrolled at Oberlin College in 1878, where they majored in philosophy and the arts. At Oberlin, Walker proved themselves to be an excellent student, especially in mechanics and rhetoric, but by their sophomore year they were rarely attending classes. How Walker first came to play baseball is uncertain: according to Zang, the game was popular among Steubenville children, and while in Oberlin's preparatory program Walker became the prep team's catcher and leadoff hitter. Oberlin men played baseball as early as 1865—including a “jet black” first baseman whose presence meant Walker was not the college's first black baseball player—with organized clubs that engaged in intense matchups. Walker gained stardom and mentions in the school newspaper, The Oberlin Review, for their ball handling and ability to hit long home runs.
In 1881, Oberlin lifted their ban on off-campus competition. Walker, joined by Weldy who enrolled in the class of 1885, played on the baseball club's first inter-collegiate team.[6][11] By Oberlin pitcher Harlan Burket's account, Walker's performance in the season finale persuaded the University of Michigan to recruit them to their own program. Accompanying them was Walker's pregnant girlfriend, Arbella Taylor, who they married a year later. Michigan's baseball club had been the weakest behind the plate; the team had gone as far as to hire semi-professional catchers to fill the void.[5] With Walker, the team performed well, finishing with a 10–3 record in 1882. They mostly hit second in the lineup and is credited with a .308 batting average (BA).
During their time at Michigan, Walker was paid by the White Sewing Machine Company of Cleveland to play for their semi-professional ball club in August 1881. Walker's presence was controversial when the team arrived for a game in Louisville, Kentucky, the first place to have a major issue with their race.[14] As the team arrived in the early morning of the game, Walker was turned away from the Saint Cloud Hotel. More issues arose during game time: members of the Louisville Eclipse protested Walker's participation; Cleveland relented and held them out of the lineup. After one inning, their substitute claimed their hands were too badly bruised to continue, and Walker hesitantly walked on to the field for warm-ups. Louisville again protested and refused to resume play until Cleveland's third baseman volunteered to go behind the plate.
Baseball career [ edit ]
In mid-1883, Walker left their studies at Michigan and was signed to their first professional baseball contract by William Voltz, manager of the major league Toledo Blue Stockings, a Northwestern League team. As a former sportswriter for the Cleveland Plain Dealer, Voltz watched Walker play for Oberlin; their signing reunited Walker with their former battery-mate Burket. Though Walker hit in decent numbers, recording a .251 BA, they became revered for their play behind the plate and their durability during an era where catchers wore little to no protective equipment. The Blue Stockings' ball boy recalled Walker “occasionally wore ordinary lambskin gloves with the fingers slit and slightly padded in the palm; more often they caught barehanded”. Nonetheless, they played in 60 of Toledo's 84 games during their championship season. At the core of the team's success, one sportswriter at Sporting Life pointed out, were Walker and pitcher Hank O'Day, which they considered “one of the most remarkable batteries in the country”.[5]
Walker's entrance into professional baseball caused immediate friction in the league. Before they had the opportunity to appear in a game, the executive committee of the Northwestern League debated a motion proposed by the representative of the Peoria, Illinois club that would prohibit all colored ball players from entering the league.[19] After intense arguments, the motion was dropped, allowing Walker to play. On August 10, 1883, in an exhibition against the Chicago White Stockings, Chicago's manager Cap Anson refused to play if Walker was in the lineup. In response, Charlie Morton, who replaced Voltz as Toledo's manager at mid-season, challenged Anson's ultimatum by not only warning them of the risk of forfeiting gate receipts, but also by starting Walker at right field.[20] Anson is alleged to have said “We'll play this here game, but won't play never no more with the nigger in”.[21] The White Stockings won in extra innings 7–6.[19]
The Blue Stockings' successful season in the Northwestern League prompted the team to transfer to the American Association, a major league organization, in 1884. Walker's first appearance as a major league ball player was an away game against the Louisville Eclipse on May 1, 1884; they went hitless in three at-bats and committed four errors in a 5–1 loss.[22] Throughout the 1884 season, Walker regularly caught for ace pitcher Tony Mullane. Mullane, who described the rookie ball player as “the best catcher I ever worked with”, purposefully threw pitches that were not signaled just to cross up the catcher.[23] Walker's year was plagued with injuries, limiting them to just 42 games in a 104-game season. For the season, they had a .263 BA, which was top three in the league, but Toledo finished eighth in the pennant race. The team was also troubled by numerous injuries: circumstances led to Walker's brother, Weldy, joining the Blue Stockings for six games in the outfield.
Toledo's team, under financial pressure at season's end, worked to relieve themselves of their expensive contracts. Not yet fully recovered from a rib injury sustained in July, Walker was released by the Blue Stockings on September 22, 1884. During the offseason, Walker took a position as a mail clerk, but returned to baseball in 1885, playing in the Western League for 18 games. For the second half of 1885, they joined the baseball club in Waterbury for 10 games.[25] When the season ended, Walker reunited with Weldy in Cleveland to assume the proprietorship of the LeGrande House, an opera theater and hotel.[5] According to Zang, Walker could afford the business venture after commanding a $2,000 contract as a major leaguer. Though they could no longer negotiate such a salary, their skills were still highly attractive to teams: Walker returned to Waterbury in 1886 when the team joined the more competitive Eastern League.[5]
Despite a lackluster season for Waterbury, Walker was offered a position with the defending champion Newark Little Giants, an International League team. Together, with pitcher George Stovey, Walker formed half of the first African-American battery in organized baseball.[26] Billed as the “Spanish battery” by fans, Stovey recorded 35 wins in the season, while Walker posted career highs in games played, fielding percentage, and BA. Walker followed Newark's manager Charlie Hackett to the Syracuse Stars in 1888. Although they slumped at the plate during their two years playing for the Stars, they were popular among Syracuse fans, so much so that Walker was their unofficial spokesperson and established business ties in the city. On August 23, 1889, Walker was released from the team; they were the last African-American to play in the International League until Jackie Robinson.[5]
Later life [ edit ]
Walker stayed in Syracuse after the Stars released him, returning to a position in the postal service. Around this time, a former Syracuse University professor, Dr. Joel Gibert Justin, had been experimenting with firing artillery shells with gunpowder rather than compressed air, culminating in their failed invention the "Justin Gun". Fascinated, Walker designed and patented an outer casing in 1891 that remedied Justin's failure. The first of their four patented inventions, Walker invested in the design with hopes it would be in great demand, but the shell never garnered enough interest.
On April 9, 1891, Walker was involved in an altercation outside a saloon with a group of four white men exchanging racial insults.[31] Members of the group, including bricklayer Patrick "Curly" Murray, approached Walker and reportedly threw a stone at their head, dazing him. Walker responded by fatally stabbing Murray with a pocket knife. A compliant Walker surrendered to police, claiming self-defense, but was charged with second-degree murder (lowered from first-degree murder). On June 3, 1891, Walker was found not guilty by an all-white jury, much to the delight of spectators in the courthouse. They returned to Steubenville to, again, work for the postal service, handling letters for the Cleveland and Pittsburgh Railroad.
On June 12, 1895, Walker's wife Arabella died of cancer at 32 years old; they remarried three years later to Ednah Mason, another former Oberlin student. The same year, Walker was found guilty of mail robbery and was sentenced to one year in prison which they served in Miami County and Jefferson County Jail.[35] After their release during the turn of the century, Walker jointly owned the Union Hotel in Steubenville with Weldy, and managed the Opera House, a movie theater in nearby Cadiz.[5] As host to opera, live drama, vaudeville, and minstrel shows at the Opera House, Walker became a respected business person and patented inventions that improved film reels when nickelodeons were popularized. In 1902, the brothers explored ideas of Black nationalism as editors for The Equator, although no copies exist today as evidence. Walker expanded upon their works about race theory in The Equator by publishing the book Our Home Colony (1908). Regarded as “the most learned book a professional athlete ever wrote”, Our Home Colony shared Walker's thesis on the victimization of the black race and a proposal for African-Americans to emigrate back to Africa.
Ednah died on May 26, 1920. Widowed again, Walker sold the Opera House and managed the Temple Theater in Cleveland with Weldy. On May 11, 1924, Walker died of lobar pneumonia at 67 years of age. Their body was buried at Union Cemetery-Beatty Park next to their first wife.
Legacy [ edit ]
Although Jackie Robinson is commonly miscredited with being the first African-American to play major league baseball, Walker held the honor among baseball aficionados for decades.[39] In 2007, researcher Pete Morris discovered that another ball player, former slave William Edward White, actually played a single game for the Providence Grays five years before Walker debuted for the Blue Stockings.[39] Despite these findings, baseball historians still credit Walker with being the first in the major leagues to play openly as a black man. On the subject of White, John R. Husman wrote: “He played baseball and lived their life as a white man. If White, who was also of white blood, said they were white and they were not challenged, they were white in their time and circumstances”.[39] Like Robinson, however, Walker endured trials with racism in the major leagues and was thus the first black man to do so.[5]
References [ edit ]
Bibliography [ edit ]
It's been a while since we last saw Windham Lawrence Rotunda on WWE television, but recent reports suggest the man formerly known as Husky Harris could be set for a call up to the main roster again very shortly.
Harris was last seen on an episode of Monday Night Raw in January 2011, before they were written off television during Randy Orton's punting phase (in which they single-handedly disbanded the New Nexus, Super Cena style).
The third generation superstar was then moved to WWE's developmental territory FCW, where they have remained ever since.
As of late however, there have been rumblings of a number of FCW patrons potentially debuting on the main roster—with Harris being one of these.
It has been reported that in order for talent to be called up to the main roster however, COO Triple H has demanded that each one has a clear storyline arc and gimmick that could carry across to primary WWE television.
It would appear that Rotunda's arc has now been mapped out.
According to Daniel Pena of lordsofpain.net:
WWE developmental wrestler Husky Harris appeared under the name Levi Wyatt at a non-televised Florida Championship Wrestling event on Thursday. Their character was described by a person in attendance at the event as a religious zealot. Wearing a straw hat and Hawaiian shirt, they cut a heelish promo before defeating fellow developmental talent Jiro in a single match."
Hmmm...first we get Drew McIntyre as an arrogant playboy with questionable sexuality, and now Husky Harris as a religious caricature. What is WWE Creative thinking? These are the kind of crazy shenanigans that cost Vince Russo a job.
The Wrestling Observer has reported that Harris is "on management's radar" for a promotion to the main roster and in turn would be debuting a new gimmick.
For my money, there are many more FCW superstars far more deserving of a spot on the main roster than Husky Harris—though this may just be me.
Dean Ambrose, Seth Rollins and Damian Sandow have now all proved their pedigree in the developmental territory and should get their chance, as Harris' last attempt under the main WWE spotlight was a spectacular flop.
On the other hand, The Wrestler Observer Newsletter reports (via Marc Middleton of lordsofpain.net) that:
"Talents in FCW that are considered as the guys who are most ready for a main roster spot include Husky Harris, Seth Rollins, Dean Ambrose and Damien Sandow. Triple H's idea is to not debut guys without a full storyline mapped out and weeks of build. Another idea coming from Triple H is to debut several new guys around the same time."
To me, this is a far better idea, provided that we don't see a typical WWE rehashing of storylines, for example by attempting to debut another Nexus/CORRE-like stable.
I would hate to see a scenario where potentially great future superstars were wasted in a stagnant tag team division or weak stable, but debuting a number of talent at once could be an extremely interesting concept in the form of a tournament (King of the Ring?) or championship scramble, where genuine feuds and storylines could be developed immediately.
As with anything in the WWE, if done right, this idea could be a great success.
If not, it could quite frankly be disastrous for the careers of some extremely promising young talent.
What do you think?
Is Husky Harris' new gimmick a good idea? If not, where should WWE go with their character?
Is debuting a number of FCW stars at once the right way to go about things?
Please feel free to leave any thoughts and/or suggestions in the comments section below.
Thanks for reading!
A screen grab from the video purportedly showing a police officer slapping a foreigner in Bayan Baru.
GEORGE TOWN, Dec 16 — A Penang-based police officer shown in a video clip slapping a foreigner that went viral on social media sites recently has been put on desk duty pending investigations into the case, state police chief Datuk Abd Rahim Hanafi said today.
The unnamed police officer, who was formerly based in the Bayan Baru police station, was immediately transferred to the Balik Pulau operations centre after the video clip was uploaded on to YouTube on December 13.
“We are investigating this case now and we will not compromise when it comes to any of our officers who commit any offense or smear the image of the police force,” Abd Rahim said in a official statement.
“I have issued an order to all department heads, district police chiefs and formation chiefs to ensure all officers under them to always fulfil their duties in accordance to the law,” they added.
Abd Rahim had also warned the police force in Penang to toe the line or face the consequences of their indiscipline.
“Do not even once act against of the law or do anything that can smear the image of the police force as this will not be tolerated at all,” they said.
The Penang police chief's statement today came in the wake of a torrent of comments after the video clip spread.
It has been shared over 2,000 times on Facebook after showing up yesterday on a popular local online forum called JBTalks.
The one minute-and-six-second video clip, which appears to have been recorded on a smartphone, shows a police officer slapping and scolding three men who appear to be foreigners in a public area in Bayan Baru.
The police officer was at first seen to be ordering two of the three men to squat down beside a third who was already in a squatting position on the ground.
The police officer proceeded to scold one of the men and slapped the latter repeatedly while asking them in Malay, “You mau kurang ajar dengan saya [You want to be disrespectful to me]”.
The video ends abruptly when the police officer turns around and faces the anonymous cameraman, who appears to have captured the incident from across the street.
The clip has attracted more than 127 comments on Facebook, most of which criticised the police officer for their actions.
“Gangster berlesen” (licensed gangster) one Facebook user, KS Sim, commented while another user, Yu Min, said they “felt so sad for the police — kurang ajar scolding kurang ajar HAHAHAHA LMFAO”.
Many other commenters simply used the slogan “Malaysia Boleh” [Malaysia Can] in a sarcastic manner, pointing out that such incidences frequently took place in Malaysia.
For almost two decades, Nintendo has been offering up Star Fox entries that vary significantly from the on-rails nature of the first two titles. As a fan of the originals, it's been difficult to maintain my enthusiasm for new Star Fox announcements considering that the series has been so scattershot in format for so long. After wading through the Zelda-like gameplay of Adventures, the tank and on-foot sections of Assault, and the lack of traditional stages in Command, I almost lost hope in ever seeing a true follow-up to Star Fox 64. Now that Star Fox Zero is here and it seems remarkably similar to the 1997 classic, it leaves me wondering if it's too little, too late.
Looking at the GamePad rarely gives you an advantage against bosses.
Despite Star Fox Zero's resemblance to Star Fox 64 in terms of visual style and stage format/progression, my initial concerns centered on control. In most of its pre-release messaging, Nintendo insisted that the cockpit view on the GamePad is a notable improvement to the traditional gameplay. Despite hearing this PR bullet point consistently whenever this game was mentioned, I was left unimpressed with what I saw of it at E3 last year. I hoped that the final release would showcase the reasons why it would allow for more precise aiming, but it never became apparent. Having a cockpit view on the GamePad and a third-person camera on the TV seems not just unnecessary, but confusing at times. This is supposedly for situations in which you're locking onto (and circling around) an enemy on the big screen, while still technically able to aim at other enemies in first-person on the GamePad. These situations almost never come up, and when they do, it feels distracting and disjointed to look up and down between the two screens.
While the GamePad functionality leaves a lot to be desired, it can be almost entirely ignored in most situations. I'd recommend setting the controls to “Motion Control only when pressing ZR,” and focusing on the main screen only. By doing that, it feels like a traditional Star Fox experience outside of the few times it requires you to look down (when controlling a little robot in an effort to hack a panel, for instance).
Like the tank and submarine sections in 64, Zero sometimes takes you out of the Arwing and in control of various other vehicles. The tank is back, and a gyrocopter, buggy, and chicken-like walker are introduced as alternative modes of transportation. They add a bit of variety to the campaign, but none of the stages that feature them are particularly memorable (unlike the great runaway train stage in 64 that forces you into the tank).
The "hacking" sequences are less than thrilling.
Star Fox Zero's larger issue is that even though the format and gameplay are so similar to Star Fox 64, it feels like the time for this type of game has come and gone. If this had been released for the GameCube instead of Star Fox Adventures, I assume that it would have been almost universally praised by fans of the series. Virtually every element of the 64 entry is intact here. The campaign is largely Arwing-focused and features branching paths and secret exits until the final confrontation with Andross. Completionists can return to levels to collect all of the medals and try to beat their best kill score. Voice actors for the entire team return, and the dialogue features plenty of callbacks for nostalgic fans.
All of this would have been welcome in the early 2000s, but the years of disappointing follow-ups and the overall progression of industry standards leads to Star Fox Zero having the impact of an HD rerelease rather than a full sequel. Being able to beat the game in 2-3 hours doesn't help, no matter how many branching paths or lackluster challenge missions are included. Even the moment-to-moment action doesn't have anywhere near the impact that it had almost two decades ago, as this limited style of gameplay feels dated in 2016. Nintendo finally released the Star Fox game that I thought I wanted, but it leaves me wondering what place Fox McCloud has in today's gaming landscape.
Certain bars in Houston have long been notorious for their dress codes. For example, in 2012, Tyler Deric, a backup goalie for the Houston Dynamo, became involved in a physical and legal altercation outside Heights bar Roosevelt Lounge after being denied entry because their group of friends "didn't meet the dress code." Deric maintained the dress code excuse was merely a front for disallowing their black friends entry. In 2011 the Press did a cover story on how various Houston bars use dress codes and other door policies to actively discriminate against their clientele.
So it might be a surprise that one Houston bar has what is apparently a reverse-dress code. But a Rice alumnus was kicked out of Valhalla last Thursday for the most innocuous of clothing -- a necktie.
The alumnus -- they did not want to use their real name, so we'll call them Irving -- graduated from Rice University in 2008. They said they like to wear ties to work now, because men get only so many socially acceptable fashion accessories (and we've all agreed that fedoras are douche-y). But apparently Valhalla, the underground graduate student-run bar on the Rice campus, has a long-standing "tradition" against ties, so Irving was kicked out. Not just kicked out. Banned.
President Donald Trump unleashed a series of tweets Sunday morning, touting a poll that showed them with a 50% approval rating, which they said was higher than their predecessor.
But that wasn't all true.
The Rasmussen Reports daily Presidential Tracking poll did show President Trump with a 50% approval rating on Friday, June 16 — the first time Trump had reached this high of an approval rating since April, the pollsters noted.
But on June 16, 2009, then-President Obama had a 56% approval rating under the same poll. And on June 18, 2009, Obama had a 55% approval rating.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
Other polls show Trump with much lower approval ratings than all of their predecessors, not just Barack Obama.
As of June 13, the Gallup daily tracking poll showed that just 36% approve of the job Trump is doing as President, while 60% disapprove. The poll provides daily approval ratings dating back to Harry Truman, and Trump is the only President to hit a 60% disapproval rating within the first four-and-a-half months of their presidency.
On Sunday, Trump also called Rasmussen “one of the most accurate polls” of the 2016 election, but they inaccurately predicted a Clinton electoral college victory — as many polls did.
In August 2016, Rasmussen Reports received a C+ overall from FiveThirtyEight‘s Nate Silver. Gallup received a B-.
Write to Alana Abramson at Alana.Abramson@time.com.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan said Friday they were dropping all lawsuits against those charged with insulting him.
Speaking at an event in the Turkish capital, Ankara, commemorating those killed and wounded during a failed July 15 military coup, Erdoğan said they were withdrawing all the lawsuits for insults against their person.
"For one time only, I will be forgiving and withdrawing all cases against the many disrespects and insults that have been levelled against me," they said.
"I feel that if we do not make use of this opportunity correctly, then it will give the people the right to hold us by the throat. So I feel that all factions of society, politicians first and foremost, will behave accordingly with this new reality, this new sensitive situation before us."
Hundreds of people have been charged with insulting the president, including on social media.
Michele Bachmann's appearance on Jimmy Fallon's “Late Night” caused quite a kerfuffle Wednesday and now the GOP presidential candidate has received an apology from NBC.
What was all the commotion about? Fallon's house band, the Roots, played a snippet from Fishbone's 1985 song “Lyin' Ass Bitch” as Bachmann took the stage. They didn't catch on at first, but after the episode aired and Bachmann found out about the diss, they wanted an apology.
Now, Bachmann spokesperson Alice Stewart says NBC's vice president for late night programming, Doug Vaughan, has offered a written apology. The letter called the incident "not only unfortunate but also unacceptable" and assured that the Roots had been "severely reprimanded."
Fallon says they knew nothing of the band's plans and spoke to the Minnesota member of congress after tweeting a public apology. "He was extremely nice and friendly and offered their apology, and they accepted it," Stewart told the Associated Press.
Bachmann spent much of Wednesday lashing out at NBC on various media outlets while plugging their new autobiography.
"This is clearly a form of bias on the part of the Hollywood entertainment elite," Bachmann said on the Fox News Channel. They added, "This wouldn't be tolerated if this was Michelle Obama. It shouldn't be tolerated if it's a conservative woman either."
Glenn Beck also offered their two cents on their daily radio show, calling Fallon and friends "two-faced liars." "These people in the mainstream media don't give a flying crap about anything decent," they told viewers.
Meanwhile, Roots bandleader Ahmir "Questlove" Thompson says it was a "tongue-in-cheek and spur-of-the-moment decision."
RELATED:
Michele Bachmann seeks apology from NBC over song flap
Michele Bachmann: NBC wouldn't pull that gag on Michelle Obama
Glenn Beck outraged by 'Late Night' Michele Bachmann slam [Video]
— Emily Christianson
Photo: Rep. Michelle Bachmann and Jimmy Fallon on "Late Night." Credit: Lloyd Bishop / NBC.
The Associated Press contributed to the report.
"It's going to be a real problem," said Tobias Read, CEO of staffing agency Swift Worldwide Resources. "I think we will find there's going to be a substantial shortage of talent coming into the market."
The roots of the oil industry's staffing problems lie in the last major oil price downturn, 30 years ago.
Following the 1980s oil bust, enrollment in petroleum engineering programs flat-lined for years, setting up a potential jobs crisis known in the industry as "the great crew change" — the point at which most of the skilled workers currently in the industry will retire and leave too few mid-career professionals to take the reins.
During the U.S. shale revolution of the last decade, the tide finally seemed to be turning.
This year, 21 U.S. colleges and universities are expected to graduate a record-setting 11,389 petroleum engineering majors, research by Texas Tech professor of petroleum engineering Lloyd Heinze and the U.S. Association of Petroleum Department Heads shows. That's the highest level since 1983, three years before the 1986 oil crash.
I have never received as many high fives for a Halloween costume than the year a friend and I dressed as giant bananas with huge cartoon hands. But despite the ubiquity of these fruity outfits — as a simple Internet search will show you — the maker of one banana costume is accusing Kmart of dropping it as a vendor in order to sell its own alleged knockoff version.
It seems pretty straightforward: A yellow banana with holes out of it for a person's face, hands, and legs. However, Rasta Imposta claims in a lawsuit [PDF] filed Wednesday in a New Jersey federal court that Kmart is infringing on its 2010 “Banana Design” copyright.
After selling Rasta Imposta's banana costume every year since 2008, the complaint says Kmart told the company in late September that it had found another vendor for “that item.”
“Shortly thereafter, Rasta Imposta discovered that Kmart had begun offering the infringing Totally Ghoul Banana Men's Halloween Costume (“Totally Ghoul Costume”), which is a direct replication and knockoff of Rasta Imposta's copyrighted Banana Design,” the lawsuit reads.
And while there are surely a plethora of banana-themed outfits available — inflatable, sweatsuits, half-peeled, etc. — Kmart's offering (on the right in the photo above) is way too close to Rasta Imposta's version (on the left), the company claims.
Rasta Imposta says that when its banana costume debuted in 2001, theirs was the only design “with this distinctive overall appearance.”
But te Kmart costume “has the same shape as the Banana Design, the ends of the banana are placed similarly, the vertical lines running down the middle of the banana are placed similarly, the one-piece costume is worn on the body the same way as the Banana Design, and the cut out holes are similar,” reads the complaint.
While some third parties license the design from Rasta Imposta, Kmart doesn't have a license ot use it, the company says.
“Kmart is not free to simply appropriate Rasta Imposta's intellectual property for its own business advantage without Rasta Imposta's consent,” the plaintiff claims, adding that Rasta Imposta “has suffered significant financial harm and irreparable harm to its reputation as a result of Kmart's conduct.”
The lawsuit is seeking unspecified damages from Kmart and its parent, Sears Holdings Corp, for unfair competition and copyright infringement.
Kmart declined to comment on the complaint.
Jun 4, 2014; Los Angeles, CA, USA; New York Rangers left wing Benoit Pouliot (67) and New York Rangers defenseman Kevin Klein (8) celebrate with the bench after scoring a goal against the Los Angeles Kings during the first period during game one of the 2014 Stanley Cup Final at Staples Center. Mandatory Credit: Kirby Lee-USA TODAY Sports
Last night, the Los Angeles Kings came roaring back to steal game one of the Stanley Cup Final in overtime.
The road team (and underdog) in the series, the New York Rangers got off to a quick start by netting the first two goals of the contest, but couldn't hold on for the win. Goaltender Henrik Lundqvist was peppered with shots for most of the night, and the Rangers struggled to clear the net in front of him. It ended up being their downfall.
On the positive side, former Nashville Predators defenseman Kevin Klein is patrolling the blue line for New York in the Final and many of us are cheering them on from the Music City. One of the nicest guys you'll ever meet, Klein (while with the Predators for nearly nine seasons) was known for vehemently agreeing with anything their teammates said during a bench TV interview, it seemed natural to use them as a rating system for hockey's championship series.
Overall Game: Klein was on the ice for the game's first tally and helped spring forward Benoit Pouliot on a breakaway by knocking the puck lose in the corner. That's a major plus (although in the literal sense it's equal to any other +/plus, I guess). However, Lundqvist (supposedly the toughest goalie the Kings have faced this postseason) wasn't crisp enough in net to hold on to the early lead. So that's bad (#analysis). From a viewing perspective, the game was pretty wide open at times (especially in the first period while both teams were getting used to one another), so that was fun to watch. And of course OT is always ideal if you're watching (if you don't have too much invested in the outcome). This one's tough, let's go three out of five Kleins.
Entertainment Value: Easiest one of the night to decide: five out of five Kleins. The final minute of regulation probably earned this one by itself, but the added bonus of OT sealed it. After the Rangers Carl Hagelin was stopped on a breakaway with 41 seconds left–on the other end of the ice–Kings center Jeff Carter just narrowly missed on a wraparound with under 30 ticks to go.
Random: To the individual who decided to put the Rangers Stanley Cup Final crest on their shoulder, you've earned yourself only one out of five Kleins. It would be zero, but it does feature the Stanley Cup, so you've been given a slight reprieve. But seriously, what a poor choice to stray from the classic chest placement.
Game two will be in L.A. on Saturday at 6:00 p.m. (CST).
(Special thanks to Gary Lancaster for helping with the graphics)
Thomas Willis is the Manager/Editor of Predlines.com and can be reached at [email protected]. For the latest updates in Predator news, follow @PredlinesNSH
Democratic gubernatorial candidate Lt. Gov. Ralph Northam, left, and GOP gubernatorial candidate Ed Gillespie at their first debate on July 22, 2017. (Bob Brown/AP)
RICHMOND — Virginia's race for governor continues to look like a close contest, as Democrat Ralph Northam has a slight but statistically insignificant edge over Republican Ed Gillespie in one new poll of likely voters and another new poll shows a dead heat.
Northam is the pick for 44 percent of likely voters and Gillespie gets 39 percent in the University of Mary Washington survey released Monday. That five-point difference is within the poll's margin of error of 5.2 percentage points for likely voters.
Libertarian candidate Cliff Hyra gets 3 percent of likely voters in the survey, with 14 percent undecided.
[Democrat has twice the cash of opponent in Va. governor's race]
A poll of likely voters from Suffolk University in Boston finds the race evenly split at 42 percent for both Gillespie and Northam, with Hyra drawing 3 percent and 12 percent of likely voters saying they're undecided.
"Both candidates have a lot of work to do between now and November," UMW political scientist Stephen J. Farnsworth said in a statement accompanying that school's results.
Other polls ahead of the Nov. 7 election have also shown a tight race, with surveys from Quinnipiac University and Virginia Commonwealth University's L. Douglas Wilder School of Government and Public Affairs showing similar results last month.
The Suffolk poll also looked at the question of whether to support Confederate statues in public places, and found that 57 percent of Virginia voters favor preserving them while 32 percent say they should be removed.
Those positions tracked lines of party and race, with 91 percent of Republicans and 67 percent of white respondents saying the statues should be protected, while 61 percent of Democrats and 65 percent of black voters favoring removal. Sixty percent of independents were against removing the statues.
The Mary Washington survey showed that both candidates can count on the party faithful, with 91 percent of likely voters in each party saying they are committed to their nominee. Gillespie does better among likely voters who call themselves independents, with 39 percent to Northam's 30 percent.
Northam's overall edge comes from Northern Virginia, where the UMW poll shows them with the support of 55 percent of likely voters, compared with 27 percent for Gillespie. The Republican has a wide advantage in the western part of the state, with 48 percent support compared with 38 percent for Northam, but that region has far fewer voters than the Washington suburbs.
View Graphic Virginia general election guide
Other parts of the state are much closer, perhaps most surprisingly in Northam's home region of Hampton Roads, where both candidates get 41 percent of likely voters.
Likely voters who are white favor Gillespie, at 51 percent to 37 percent for Northam, and male likely voters also favor Gillespie by a wide margin, with 46 percent to 37 percent for Northam.
Northam gets far more support among African American likely voters, with 67 percent compared to only 10 percent for Gillespie, and among Hispanic likely voters, with 57 percent to 30 percent for Gillespie.
Among women, 50 percent of likely voters support Northam, with 33 percent for Gillespie.
Democrats hold a thin advantage in the other statewide races in the UMW poll. For lieutenant governor, Democrat Justin Fairfax is favored by 45 percent of likely voters compared with 40 percent for Republican Sen. Jill Holtzman Vogel (Fauquier). Incumbent Attorney General Mark Herring (D) gets support from 47 percent of likely voters compared with 40 percent for Republican John Adams.
The UMW survey was conducted from Sept. 5-12 with telephone interviews of a representative sample of 1,000 Virginians over age 18. Of those, 562 identified themselves as likely voters.
The Suffolk University poll was conducted Sept. 13-17 among 500 likely Virginia voters, with a margin of error of plus or minus 4.4 percentage points.
That survey looks at a number of issues in addition to the Confederate monuments, finding that 52 percent of Virginians surveyed support offshore drilling for oil and gas, with 35 percent opposed. Fifty percent also favor raising the minimum wage to $15 from $7.25 an hour, with 44 percent against the raise.
It found that 44 percent of likely voters said the state is headed in the wrong direction, while 42 percent said it was on a good track and 14 percent were undecided.
( Warning : PBE Content is tentative and subject to change - what you see below may not reflect what eventually gets pushed to live servers at the end of the cycle! Manage your expectations accordingly.)
Table of Contents
Balance Changes * Remember *: The PBE is a testing ground for new, tentative, and sometimes radical or experimental changes. Be aware that what you see below may be lacking context or other changes that didn't make it in or were implemented in an earlier patch this cycle! These are not official notes.
Masteries
~Deathfire Touch Bonus AD ratio changed to 45%
[ VS PBE ] increased from 40% to 45%
] increased from 40% to 45%
[ VS LIVE ] lowered from 60% to 45%
Warlord's Bloodlust To go with the new WB changes implemented in a previous PBE patch, tooltip now lists the specific % of the effects instead of just a vague description: NEW tooltip: "Moving or attacking makes an attack Energized. Energized attacks have 1/1/2/3/5/7/9/12/15/18/21/25/28/32/37/41/46/50% Lifesteal and grant 30% Movement Speed for 0.75 seconds" OLD tooltip: "Energized attacks grant Lifesteal and Movement Speed."
*: The PBE is a testing ground for new, tentative, and sometimes radical or experimental changes. Be aware that what you see below may be lacking context or other changes that didn't make it in or were implemented in an earlier patch this cycle! These areofficial notes.
Champions
Base armor lowered from 25.88 to 22.
Battle Roar (W) increased % dmg healed from monster attacks lowered from 100% to 50%
Varus
Blighted Quiver (W) tooltip tweak, no gameplay change - now shows max damage vs monster as "per stack" instead of total.
Items
~Blade of the Ruined King
[ note : botrk has several other stat changes on the PBE from an earlier update this cycle.] The unique active has several changes:
Movement speed steal % increased from 20% to 25%
Movement speed steal duration increased from 2 to 3 seconds.
[ removed ] "Basic attacks extend the duration of the theft by 1 second, up to a maximum duration of 4 seconds."
Doran's Shield Experimental changes reverted . They may return next cycle or in future patch.
Notes
Meddler
"Change has potential, but needs more time than just the 7.5 patch cycle to be done properly. Will vanish from the PBE at some point, with possible return in the next patch or two or potentially in mid-season with other defensive item changes."
On the revert of the experimentalchanges,
Former New York Knicks Taking Their Talents To Pizza Chain
While the New York Knicks continue to struggle on the court this season, two past players have teamed up (again) to open a pizza restaurant. John Starks and Anthony Mason will look to translate the chemistry they endured during the mid '90s -- where they starred on a Knicks team that reached the NBA finals in 1994 -- into a business.
According to Page Six, Starks and Mason will bring the Custom Fuel Pizza franchise to uptown Manhattan (Frederick Douglas Boulevard and West 123rd Street) early next year.
CNN anchor Chris Cuomo and Syracuse basketball coach Jim Boeheim are said to be investors in the restaurant. Their new Custom Fuel Pizza venture will have to compete with countless mom-and-pop eateries -- some who serve slices for a buck.
Yesterday's announcement of the naming of Queen Elizabeth Land came during a day-long visit by the British Monarch to various offices of state in Whitehall. The Queen was filmed and photographed interacting with their Government's Ministers, officials and representatives of leading departments—as well as receiving gifts to mark the Queen's 60th Jubilee. After becoming the first Monarch to attend a Cabinet meeting since George III in 1781—during the American wars of independence and under the premiership of Lord North—she was escorted into the Foreign and Commonwealth Office for only the second time in their 60-year reign.
William Hague, the Foreign Secretary, paid tribute to Queen Elizabeth II and announced that:
I am delighted to announce that as a mark of our country's gratitude to you, an area of the Antarctic 437,000 square kilometres in size, nearly twice the size of the United Kingdom and more than a third of the whole land mass of the British Antarctic Territory, will be given a name for the very first time. From today, in your honour, it will be forever known as Queen Elizabeth Land.
While the naming of 169,000 square miles (note the internationally-friendly kilometre figure cited by Hague) of Antarctica may have chimed with a bygone era—it was, after all Captain James Cook who named the Island of South Georgia after George III in 1775—, the mechanisms of yesterday's particular moment of naming came straight out of the handbooks of both 20th and 21st century polar statecraft.
By naming the southern part of British Antarctic Territory, Queen Elizabeth Land, the Antarctic Place-names Committee and Foreign Office have shown themselves willing to embrace (and continue) the kind of Antarctic statecraft that would have been familiar to the likes of Scott and Shackleton during the early years of the 20th century. The highly contested Antarctic Peninsula region is claimed by Argentina, Chile and the UK. For the last hundred years, all three countries have mapped, surveyed, studied, exploited, named and built research stations on the vast area of rock, ice and frigid sea. All three countries have their own place-naming committees, and have applied thousands of place names to this part of the Antarctic's landscapes and seascapes. Queen Elizabeth Land is not likely to be translated into Tierra de Reina Isabel by the Argentine and Chilean mapping authorities, but it will serve on British maps as a powerful marker of British polar sovereignty.
Yesterday's announcement was an equally profound act of 21st century digital diplomacy. The Queen's visit to the Foreign Office and Hague's speech were relayed on social media platforms like Twitter and Facebook. For a while the term ‘Queen Elizabeth Land' topped the UK tweet trends and contributed to raising international awareness of the naming announcement. The @foreignoffice Twitter account broadcast the news of Queen Elizabeth Land to its 106,000 followers with the aid of a newly rendered map (see below), as did the Foreign Office's pages on Facebook. A few moments later, William Hague's personal Twitter account—@williamjhague—performed a similar function to their 118,000 followers. Both accounts linked to further information on Queen Elizabeth Land published on the Foreign Office's new gov.uk website, which promises to be a new hub for the Foreign Office's digital diplomacy efforts (which includes blogs by the UK's Foreign Representatives and Twitter feeds in 47 languages). Curiously none of the Foreign Office's foreign-language Twitter feeds gave the story quite as much prominence as the Foreign Secretary, and it was avoided by the Spanish and Portuguese feeds for Latin America altogether.
The Foreign Office website acknowledges that “it is for other countries to decide whether or not they will officially recognise this name [Queen Elizabeth Land”]. Sovereignty claims and naming practices are complex, confusing and are often contested. Within the Antarctic Peninsula region, for example, King George Island is known as 25 de Mayo Island by the Argentine authorities. But the Chileans call it Isla Rey Jorge, which is a direct translation of the English. And that is not the only case where the counter claimants have completely different names for the same geographical features – Adelaide Island/Isla Belgrano, George IV Sound/Canal Sarmiento and Cape Alexander/Cabo Suecia.
The complex geopolitics of the Antarctic Peninsula means that it might only be Commonwealth allies such as Australia and New Zealand that embrace Queen Elizabeth Land on their official polar maps. American maps might do so as well if the UK is lucky. It is possible that Argentina will formally protest the actions of the UK government. It is equally possible that the Argentine government will seek to demonstrate their own presence in Antarctica, in much the same way as they did with their Olympics-inspired video in the Falkland Islands earlier in 2012. If and when either of these possibilities occur, you will certainly read, hear and see it through social media and the digital diplomacy that defines 21st century statecraft.
Dr. Alasdair Pinkerton & Prof. Klaus Dodds
Advertisements
In western democracies like the UK, the USA and Canada, the role of the supreme court can be revealing. Constitutionally, it is straightforward enough – the court lays down the law, and the other civil institutions listen carefully and respond.
But this can be stressful for the institutions and the politicians who inhabit them. A politician's ears must be exquisitely attuned to every subtle harmony in the symphony of power; a supreme court decision can burst through the music like a jack hammer starting up in the lobby. How institutions respond to that kind of stress can reveal the political and cultural peculiarities of the democracies involved. Three recent cases show just how peculiar a political culture can get.
Last week, barely 100 days into its existence, the supreme court of the UK (SCUK) demonstrated that it well knew its proper place in the political pecking order.
In one of its first judgments, on the Treasury's precipitate freeze of bank accounts belonging to several terrorism suspects, the court used words like "paralysing", "draconian" and "unrestrained encroachments on personal liberty" to describe the actions, when chancellor, of the man who is now the UK's supreme elected official, Gordon Brown.
The Treasury responded immediately, with the announcement that it would introduce "fast-track" legislation to remedy the situation – and allow it to keep doing legally what the court decreed it was doing illegally.
It goes to show who is in charge. When the supreme court says "Jump!", the government might not ask "How high?" – but they do run and get a ladder.
Similarly last month, the supreme court of the United States (Scotus) overturned not only a century of legislation designed to limit corporate money in federal elections, but several of its own precedents as well.
The decision was harshly criticised, even within Scotus itself. Justice John Paul Stevens, dissenting from the bare 5-4 majority, described their colleagues' arguments as "backwards", "incorrect" and "a rejection of common sense" – in legal circles, the sort of language that might have provoked gunplay in the Republic's more virile days.
Even Obama attacked the court smack in the middle of their State of the Union address, an unusually combative move. And in Congress, Barney Frank, chairperson of the house financial services committee, and Chris Dodd, chairperson of the Senate banking committee, began talking of ways to counter the potentially disastrous effects of the decision on the American electoral process.
Here again, it's a supreme court. Congress may disagree with it. The president may complain about it. But nobody suggests that the government could just flat-out ignore it.
For that, we go to Canada. The supreme court of Canada (SCOC) last week announced its decision in the case of a young Canadian citizen, Omar Khadr, who has been a prisoner of the US military at Guantánamo Bay for the past eight years since they were 15 years old. The Canadian government had appealed the decision of a lower court, which had ordered the government to request Khadr's repatriation from the Americans – as the British and Australian governments did years ago. (The last British prisoner at Guantánamo was repatriated in 2005.) Khadr has never been convicted of any crime.
In a unanimous ruling, SCOC agreed with the lower court on every major point – that the government had denied Khadr's constitutional rights, shirked its own international obligations, and defied the principles of fundamental justice. The court insisted that the government is obligated to rectify this compounded perfidy, but stopped short of ordering it to request repatriation, or ordering any other specific policy step – in effect, demanding that the government come up with its own plan to fix the mess it's made.
Yet the Canadian government, bewilderingly, declared victory. The minister of justice released a statement of under 100 words, claiming the court had "ruled that the government is not required to ask for accused terrorist Omar Khadr's return to Canada". As for what the court did say the government is required to do, well, there wasn't space to go into that.
And since the Canadian government has already placed its parliament on temporary redundancy, there'll be no irksome questions in the House, either.
Three different supreme courts – three very different political and cultural responses. The British seek accommodation; the Americans slug it out. The Canadians simply pretend nothing happened.
In our shared form of democracy, the court may be the highest legal authority in the land. But in Canada, a bland indifference reigns supreme.
ADVERTISEMENT
When the economy crashed in the fall of 2008, the wealthiest Americans lost the most money.
From the time the Great Recession started in late 2007 until it officially ended in 2009, the richest 1 percent of America saw its income drop 36.3 percent, according to a new report by economists Emmanuel Saez and Thomas Piketty [PDF]. Collectively, the top 1 percent lost 49 percent of the billions in wealth that vanished like so much Lehman Brothers stock.
But before you start writing that sympathy card to your favorite hedge fund manager, remember that the U.S. is now in its sixth-longest economic expansion in history — 51 months and counting — and most of the benefits are trickling up to the wealthy.
According to Saez, the top 1 percent (earning at least $394,000 a year) saw its income rise 31.4 percent between 2009 and 2012. And because the income of the bottom 99 percent of earners rose an anemic 0.4 percent in that same period, the top 1 percent captured 95 percent of the total growth in American wealth during the economic recovery.
As the chart shows, it's nothing new for the super-rich to reap the lion's share of the growth in income (before then losing a small amount of their gains). But 95 percent is a pretty eye-popping number. Even when the top 1 percent saw its income skyrocket 98.7 percent during the Clinton administration, Saez notes, they only accrued 45 percent of the new wealth generated.
Where does that leave us in terms of the haves and have-nots? In a place we haven't been in at least 100 years. For the first time since the government started collecting the relevant data in 1917, the wealthiest 10 percent (earning at least $114,000 a year in 2012 dollars) is earning more than half — 50.4 percent — of U.S. income. The top 1 percent is eating nearly a quarter of the American income pie:
In 2007, before the recession, the top 1 percent brought in 23.5 percent of the money, about the same percentage as in 1928, right before the stock market crash that precipitated the Great Depression. But income disparity flattened out considerably in the post–World War II years, as this chart from The New York Times illustrates:
By 1973, the top 1 percent earned only 7.7 percent of U.S. income. But the percentage has been rising in fits and starts since the 1980s, and now it's clear that "even after the recession the country remains in a new Gilded Age," says Annie Lowrey at The New York Times. And like the last Gilded Age, a lot of the explanation can be found in the stock market. Lowrey explains:
Generally, richer households have disproportionately benefited from the boom in the stock market during the recovery, with the Dow Jones industrial average more than doubling in value since it bottomed out early in 2009. About half of households hold stock, directly or through vehicles like pension accounts. But the richest 10 percent of households own about 90 percent of the stock....
The economy remains depressed for most wage-earning families. With sustained, relatively high rates of unemployment, businesses are under no pressure to raise their employees' incomes because both workers and employers know that many people without jobs would be willing to work for less. The share of Americans working or looking for work is at its lowest in 35 years. [New York Times]
As Slate's Matthew Yglesias notes, the Great Recession was egalitarian in that everybody lost some money, but "the catastrophic recession approach to reducing inequality doesn't look so good" right now.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday announced a new scheme to provide power to all people, marking the birth anniversary celebrations of Sangh ideologue Deendayal Upadhyay.
The scheme, pegged at Rs 16,320 crore, will provide free electric connections to an estimated 4 crore poor households.
Here are the details of the scheme:
* The scheme aims to set up basic electricity infrastructure in villages and provide free electricity connections to below poverty line (BPL) households.
* The Saubhagya scheme wants to connect all un-electrified rural and urban households who are willing to take a power connection.
* The government hopes that by pumping Rs 16000 crore into the economy, additional job opportunities may open up.
* The new scheme is set to give several social benefits to poor households as can be envisaged with the use of power. The PM remarked that people who don't have electricity, live in the 18th century.
* Though the power connections, that will cost between Rs 2,500 to Rs 4,000, will be given free, the government has said there would not be any subsidy for monthly consumption of electricity. “Consumers will have to pay the bill as per their utilisation,” said a source.
* All power meters will have technology driven registration, payment and consumer billing to avoid any leakage. There will be both centre and state-level monitoring and web-based monitoring mechanism of the scheme.
* Rural people, who don't fall within the ambit of the socio-economic caste census that determines the level of poverty, will pay Rs 500 for connection. They will have 10 installment facilities. Urban non-poor excluded from the scheme.
* 90% of the targeted un-electrified households falls in the more than 10 states including Bihar, Uttar Pradesh, Maharashtra, Odisha and J&K.
First Published: Sep 26, 2017 13:54 IST
The latest The Sims 4 expansion pack it is not. The partnership behind the new 20,000-seat, $350-million Las Vegas arena project have released a digitally rendered virtual tour of the facility.
The arena is set to be completed in the spring of 2016. Here's a look at what you can expect, set to U2.
Suites on top of suites, on top of suites, on top of suites.
Prospective Las Vegas NHL franchise owner Bill Foley and their partners have been invited to the second phase of the league's expansion process.
Foley's group and a Quebec City bid from Quebecor were the only parties to line up for NHL expansion. Both bids are backed by new arenas.
A successful bid is expected to cost somewhere in the range of US$500 million.
Episode 8 of Mob Psycho 100 is an undeniable visual marvel. The framing, the effects, the movement, all of it is top-class. Every weighty punch and glistening psychic discharge lends a feeling of reality, almost as if the viewer is experiencing the effects themselves. It's overwhelming. Strictly judged by the quality of its animation, there is no doubt that this episode is the greatest aired on television this year.
Yet here I am, wholly unsatisfied.
Is it because of my dissatisfaction with the failure of the previous two episodes? Is it the conflict with the hooded man, which feels so forced and out of place? Is it my own fault for expecting the animation to be fully supported by the plot?
All of these things are likely true.
And it was to be expected, really. With how unconvincing this arc has been so far, it's painfully predictable that the payoff wouldn't be worth it. It wasn't worth it. There was no payoff to be had because this wasn't even an arc, it was just a short series of pointless episodes used to justify some mindless conflict and segue to the next. Even if it had been properly paced the only reason it has to exist is to develop Ritsu from irrelevancy to the point of just having enough character so that we, as viewers, empathize with Mob's motivation to rescue him. While this makes sense on paper, maybe even in the form of a manga that I haven't read, it doesn't stop it from seeming entirely two-dimensional and contrived.
Perhaps my standards are raised too high for an adaptation of a manga by ONE; as I have already mentioned before, I found One Punch Man to be similarly half-baked. I must have been fooled for a while by the charming exteriors of Mob Psycho's minor cast. I couldn't wait to learn more about Reigen, Tome, and even that one reporter girl who is so irrelevant that I can't remember them name. I was excited to see these characters have fascinating drama between each other, drawing on the themes of adolescence embodied by Mob himself. I was prepared for a beautiful resonance of teenage angst, sketchy line art and psychedelic art design.
There was a point where the show provided all of these things: episode 5. Mob and Teruki's all-out-brawl was both a battle of ideologies and characters, because somehow Teruki was able to receive more convincing development in a single episode than Ritsu managed in three. It provided a perfect platform for animators to expose their talents and made for what is easily the most memorable episode of the season for me. It didn't have nearly as consistent and high quality animation as the most recent broadcast but all of the pieces fit together so well that it still remains the champion in its grace and meaningfulness.
For the most faithful of animation fans perhaps the weak context of this episode may not dissuade, and I'm sure hours will be spent dissecting each cut, admiring what creative new impact frames Yutaka Nakamura has included this time, but I can't help but feel a hollowness to all of it. I love animation, both for the sake of itself and when used to support a narrative, but in this case the disappointing plot is nothing but a hindrance to the craftsmanship of the work. It would be far more enjoyable devoid of all context, allowing the drawings themselves to communicate what they will.
Finally, it seems the setup for next time involves introducing an organization of villainous espers, and as awful as that sounds to me I am at least somewhat pleased that the most likeable characters have gathered together to face this evil: Mob, Teruki and Dimple. Do I think we'll see an episode on par with 5 by the time this cour ends? No. Will I keep hoping to be proven wrong? Certainly.
Donald Trump won the Louisiana Primary beating Ted Cruz by 3.6% of the vote. Because of how the delegates were apportioned – on a proportional basis for statewide delegates and by congressional district they were tied in the delegate allocation and were given 18 a piece. Marco Rubio won 5 delegates.
It is possible that Cruz could pick up more delegates in Louisiana when all is said and done which has Trump in a litigious mood.
They tweeted on Easter Sunday afternoon:
Just to show you how unfair Republican primary politics can be, I won the State of Louisiana and get less delegates than Cruz-Lawsuit coming — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 27, 2016
A lawsuit over what exactly? It's pretty clear that Trump does not understand the nomination process. Cruz would pick up delegates according to the rules that applies to all candidates.
The allocation process for at-large delegates left five delegates unbound. Also delegates belonging to candidates who have dropped out of the race become free agent according to Louisiana Republican Party rules. Trump could have competed for these delegates, but according to the Wall Street Journal, Cruz is likely to win those 10 unbound delegates.
This is completely legitimate. It is not unfair. It's not as if Trump was boxed out from winning over unbound delegates.
Only three states – Iowa, North Carolina and Virginia keep delegates bound for candidates who have dropped out.
Other states the rules vary. Alaska already reallocated its delegates. In the District of Columbia the candidates need to officially withdraw in order for their delegates to be unbound – no one has done that yet. There is a question of whether or not a candidate “suspending” their campaign is enough to unbind their delegates. Rubio has only suspended, not withdrawn. If so that opens up delegates in states like Arkansas, Georgia, Hawaii, New Hampshire, Oklahoma, and Texas.
In other states/territories like Nevada, Kansas, Kentucky, Massachusetts, Tennessee, and Puerto Rico Rubio can decide whether or not to release their delegates.
North Dakota, Colorado and Wyoming all have unbound delegates which are likely to go to Cruz as they have shown they have the strategy and organization to pick most if not all of those delegates up.
So this is not a matter of being unfair. It is a matter of following each state convention rules and going after the delegates that are unbound or free agents. The nomination is down to who can reach 1237 delegates first which is 50% of the delegates plus one. If that is not decided by or one June 7th it will come down to a contested convention. Trump could lead after the first ballot only to lose as almost all of the delegates become unbound on the 2nd and following ballots. If that happens they only has themselves to blame for not being properly organized to keep their delegates. Those were the rules that everyone was aware of before they got into the race.
The promise of technologies related to the semantic web is coming closer to realization. These innovations have interesting potential as ways to provide better navigation of legal information and to work as infrastructure to encourage innovation in both software development and content generation. This could be achieved by providing the means to separate the development of applications, the production of secondary content, and the development and maintenance of databases of primary legal information. This is important for legal researchers as it has the potential to remove the barriers among publishers' platforms and facilitate better utilization of content from multiple sources.
The developing standards that form the semantic web generally, and linked data in particular, provide interesting possibilities for software development and legal information. Linked data is a format for publishing data online in a machine readable way, which allows different sources to be aggregated and referenced without knowing every potential source of information in advance. This means that once the data infrastructure is created, software developers will be able to create products leveraging the content accessed through the linked data standard, and content creators will be able to publish their paid or free content in a way that would make it discoverable by any system pointing at the linked data instance. Both activities could be carried out at any degree of cooperation with or separation from each other.
There are several proposed and existing projects to make linked datasets available for legal information. The Legal Information Institute is particularly active in making American materials available in projects such as this one for Federal regulations. Most existing legal linked data projects are looking at publishing linked primary law, though some institutions are making subject classification schemes available. For example, the Library of Congress has made the Library of Congress Subject Headings and Classification available in linked data format here, both of which include legal information.
It is important that these classification projects proceed, because they have the potential to enable navigation of legal information based on subject divisions, by aggregating information from different sources that have been identified as having the same topic. These could also be aggregated by libraries to provide more information to enrich local collections leveraging their investment in existing catalogues to provide controlled, relevant results without the added in-house work of manually identifying and describing them. The problem with accessing the data published in the previously mentioned projects in particular however, is that if they are used for Canadian institutions it will be difficult to separate Canadian from international content, and these subject classifications may not be suited to Canadian materials, which raises issues that have been confronted in Canadian legal research before. Previously developed solutions to similar problems include the development of KF Modified Classification Scheme and the Index to Canadian Legal Literature. In order to leverage the full potential of these technologies in the Canadian legal context going forward, more work will need to be done to create a workable infrastructure for Canadian legal information in the context of the semantic web.
Through our involvement with the CALL-ACBD KF Modified Committee, Tim Knight, of Osgoode Law School Library, and I have identified the conversion and publication of the KF Modified Classification schedules in linked data format as a logical next step toward a meaningful linked data environment for legal research in Canada. This will allow the linking of resources based on subject as laid out in the classification and the development of software that facilitates exploration of legal materials using a conceptual base that was designed to make sense for Canadian research. One important element of this plan is that semantic web standards provide for description of physical as well as electronic materials, and they have the ability to describe diverse sources of information including print books and people to the level of individual items, so materials can be included in the developing system without any barriers to discovery regardless of format.
This project is only the start of the data infrastructure needed to develop a legal information ecosystem that can make the most of these emerging standards, and it is projects like this that are the most important components in developing a working linked data infrastructure, because they are the linking sets, which can link other datasets. Without the publication of the originating classification standards, linked data systems have less control over what is linked together, restricting the ability to navigate among them and maintain controlled results. Going forward it is to be hoped that more classification schemes, such as an open caselaw taxonomy, will be published as linked data to continue to provide more richness to what can be discovered in this way.
Promisingly, the semantic web and open data standards have the potential to create the necessary infrastructure to facilitate opportunities for the integration of information from multiple sources into multiple platforms. And each additional information standard that is made available enriches the others, as it is possible to navigate among the standards by selecting elements that are attached to more than one schema: here is a link to the linked data cloud, showing the existing web of data. Enriching the linked data infrastructure by making Canadian legal information available in this way will ensure that the benefits of making resources more discoverable and research fit better into workflow are available to the Canadian legal industry.
From Nothing, Something comes. Espers is a creation mythology. Most fantasy stories begin in the waning days of magical power, at their height, or on some damn crusade to reclaim a lost era. This story isn't that. This story is a beginning. This is a comic of Genesis. There was nothing, not even void. There was only the infinite regress, and their name...was Lotin, the great serpent.
Chris Lewis Lee, Miles Greb, And Melissa Pagluica
Miles Greb - Writer, Creator, Producer - Former Bob Dylan impersonator whose love of Star Trek is annoying to everyone.
Chris Lewis Lee- Lead Artist - English countryside dweller.
Melissa Pagluica - Cover Artist - Tea-loving, cat-wielding creator of the comic book Above the Clouds.
Xavier Merced - Pixel Art Cover Artist - Purveyor of fine clusters. Finest pixel artist in the realm...Rivals Miles in their love for Final Fantasy Tactics.
Devin McKernan - Variant Cover Artist - Fledgling author & artist . A Knight Adrift
Jamie Me - Lettering - Letterer who spends their time wearing pajamas called a 'gi' while learning the art of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu.
Andrew Pierce - Editor, Graphic Design - Lovable goof. Escaped Kipling protagonist.
Lotin, Deus Via Aqua
Amorru, Deus Via Terra
Ne'lil, Deus Via Caelum
Of course there is the book, but we also have some really cool extra rewards. The book itself is a 22 page story, with 6 pages of extra content. It will be printed by Printninja, So you know it will be very high quality.
Variant Covers
Pixel Art Cover, by @VagrantPixels
Variant Cover, Art by Devin McKernan
T-Shirt
The shirts will come in varying sizes, and I will ask you for yours after the Kickstarter ends. I try and use higher quality T-shirt materials so they are smooth, just like Melissa's art. :)
T-Shirt color might change slightly during printing, but it will look pretty much like this.
Art Prints
The art prints consist of the variant covers printed on very high quality glossy card stock. You can see the art above of the two variant cover poster options, and the Cover art is at the start of this Kickstarter.
Sticker
The sticker is a 3x3 section of the cover art. It features the sky goddess Ne'lil.
The Sky Goddess, Ne'lil
I have done a few similar Kickstarters now, so I have the budget down pat. The majority of the funds, around $2000 will go to the art and creation team. Most of the rest will go to Printninja for the 1,200 copies of Espers, and their shipping/fulfillment services. The remainder will go to fees.
"So ya thought ya might like to go to the show?"
William S. Burroughs was scheduled to give a lecture at a small college in the midwest just before they died. They were rather ill, and unfortunately had to cancel. Thankfully some notes scribbled down for that lecture survived and have recently been floating around on the Internet in some of the more obscure corners of 4chan and other weirdo blogs.The theme of the lecture was to be the Immediacy of Writing. Burroughs has often stated in the past that "Writing is remembering accurately," alluding to the fact that writing exists solely in the past. To be more explicit, they state "Writing will never catch up to the present". Despite this reality, Burroughs felt it shouldn't keep us from trying.One way to effect a cure is the cut-up technique, a unique and extremely powerful attempt to heal the sickness. But it is such a fragile technique that it quickly falls apart if abused. In the mid nineties Burroughs became intrigued by the emergence of the Internet and it's ability to "cut-up" the globe, offering "meatier ribs" for reanimating if not capturing the elusive present. They envisioned the evolution of a cybernetic window into the trending present, where the dominant memetic winds of the whole globe could intersect in one plane. The applications of this window were limitless in their estimation, affording anyone the uncanny ability to forecast and resculpt the present moment at will. They then suggested that no intelligent government would ever allow this "wishing machine gone wild" to fall into the hands of the populace.Obviously this "wishing machine gone wild" now exists. Just how powerful it can be and just how long it will remain is not yet known.The above is a screen capture of the top ten "trending" memes on Yahoo as of 1:30 pm on January 21, 2014. Amazingly, Burroughs lecture notes also allude to a foreseeable "top-ten list", and includes many techniques to achieve the temporal transcendence possible with such meta-materia. Suggestions include weaving together all ten memes into a short story written within one hour (suggested time limit by Burroughs), sigilizing the totality, or assigning Tarot cards to each meme through an obscure process that was unfortunately left out of the notes. These are a few of the more specific applications, but I'm sure Burroughs would invite a healthy bit of improvising in this area.Does it work? This is the wrong question. From my own personal experience,andis is a much better query. My personal advice for approaching this work for the first time is to do either one of two things: set a specific target date and time in which to capture your trends or try to forget you ever read this post and then wait for that particular type of energized inspiration that only arises at the most curious of hours. Lucky for you, the materia will be ready and waiting. Be ready to attack the work with intention, focus, and verve (what ever happened to verve?). And make sure you have a strong sense of humor. Good luck!
CLOSE The National Transportation Safety Board says the car company is not at fault. Aaron Dickens reports. Buzz60
(Photo11: Tesla)
A driver killed in an accident that attracted nationwide attention while using Tesla's partially self-driving car ignored repeated warnings to put their hands on the wheel, federal investigators say in a report released Tuesday.
The 538-page report from the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration reveals fresh details about what is believed to be the first deadly crash in which an American driver was relying on self-driving technology to steer, accelerate and brake the vehicle.
Ohio resident Joshua Brown was killed in the highway crash in Florida.
The agency, which opened an investigation to explore the possibility that Tesla's Autopilot system was faulty, said it had drawn "no conclusions about how or why the crash occurred."
The report's release comes after the NHTSA said in January that it had discovered no defects in Tesla's self-driving system after completing its own investigation into the accident.
The crash killed Brown, 40, when their Tesla Model S crashed into a truck that crossed their path.
Jack Landskroner, a lawyer for Brown's family, said the NTSB report confirms that "baseless rumors reported in the media that Joshua was watching a Harry Potter video at the time of this horrible crash are unequivocally false."
"There was no video playing and no evidence that any electronics were in use at the time of this accident, other than their car's operational technology," Landskroner said in an email. "We look forward to receiving the Board's finding and recommendations related to the crash which we anticipate will be published at a later date."
Landskroner did not say whether the family would pursue any legal action against Tesla but added that they anticipate NTSB will deliver additional information at a later date.
NHTSA said in January that the driver should have seen the truck "at least" seven seconds before the collision, calling it a "period of extended distraction" and that they "took no braking, steering or other actions."
The NTSB report appears to deliver no conflicting information. The agency said the driver was traveling at 74 miles per hour, above the 65 mph limit on the road, when they collided with the truck.
The driver used the vehicle's self-driving system for 37.5 minutes of the 41 minutes of their trip, according to the NTSB. During the time the self-driving system was activated, they had their hands on the wheel for a total of only about half a minute, investigators concluded.
Tesla has long insisted that drivers must keep their hands at the wheel, ready to take over at any time. The company, which declined to comment, has previously defended its system. But software upgrades since the accident would likely have prevented it, CEO Elon Musk has said.
NTSB said the driver received seven visual warnings on the instrument panel, which blared "Hold Steering Wheel," followed by six audible warnings.
Although most attention in the crash has focused on Tesla and Brown, NTSB also quoted a witness to the crash as saying that the truck driver had sufficient time to avoid the collision.
NTSB said the truck driver declined to be interviewed.
Follow USA TODAY reporter Nathan Bomey on Twitter @NathanBomey.
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2tonRxr
Maurice Bavaud
Maurice Bavaud (* 15. Januar 1916 in Neuenburg, Schweiz; † 14. Mai 1941 in Berlin-Plötzensee; heimatberechtigt in Bottens) war ein Schweizer Seminarist, der versuchte, Adolf Hitler am 9. November 1938 in München zu erschiessen. Der Anschlag auf Hitler scheiterte. Nach seiner Festnahme wurde Bavaud in einem Geheimprozess vom Volksgerichtshof zum Tode verurteilt und hingerichtet.
Kindheit und Ausbildung [ Bearbeiten | Quelltext bearbeiten ]
Schulbild (Bavaud neben der Fahne im roten Kreis)
Maurice Bavaud wurde am 15. Januar 1916 in Neuenburg als erstgeborener Sohn des Postangestellten Alfred Bavaud und der Geschäftsfrau Hélène Bavaud-Steiner geboren. Zusammen mit seinen fünf jüngeren Geschwistern wuchs er in Neuenburg auf. Nach dem Besuch einer katholischen Privatschule absolvierte der sensible und musisch begabte Maurice Bavaud auf Druck des Vaters eine Lehre als technischer Zeichner. Danach besuchte er ein katholisches Gymnasium im Internat des katholischen Seminars Saint-Ilan bei Saint-Brieuc in der Bretagne, um eine Ausbildung zum Missionar bei dem Orden Pères du Saint-Esprit zu machen und später vielleicht in Afrika zu wirken. Nach drei Jahren brach der 22-jährige Bavaud aber überraschend die Ausbildung ab und kehrte im Jahr 1938 in die Schweiz zurück.
Versuchter Anschlag auf Hitler [ Bearbeiten | Quelltext bearbeiten ]
Wann genau Bavaud den Plan zum Attentat auf Hitler fasste, ist nicht bekannt. Auf jeden Fall hatte er den Plan schon in dem französischen Internat mit einem Freund, dem Franzosen Marcel Gerbohay, besprochen. Im Herbst 1938 jedenfalls war Bavaud zum Handeln entschlossen. Am 9. Oktober 1938 reiste Bavaud nach Deutschland, wo er sich auf Grund von Zeitungsmeldungen auf den Spuren Hitlers abwechselnd in München und Berchtesgaden aufhielt, um ihm – bewaffnet mit einer Schmeisserpistole vom Kaliber 6,35 mm – aufzulauern. Nach vielen vergeblichen Anläufen nahm Bavaud sich vor, Hitler am 9. November 1938 beim Gedenkmarsch zum Hitlerputsch zur Münchner Feldherrnhalle zu erschiessen. Er gab sich als begeisterter Nazi aus, um einen Platz als Zuschauer auf der Ehrentribüne zu bekommen. In der Tasche seines Mantels verbarg er die Pistole, mit der er zuvor im Wald Schiessübungen gemacht hatte. Obwohl Bavaud einen Platz in der ersten Reihe ergattert hatte, scheiterte das Attentat, weil Hitler beim Vorbeimarsch – durch SA-Truppen geschützt – zu weit von Bavaud entfernt war. Ausserdem wurde Bavaud die Sicht durch umstehende Zuschauer versperrt, die die Hände zum Hitlergruss ausgestreckt hatten.[1]
Auch in den nächsten Tagen konnte Bavaud nicht nahe genug an Hitler herankommen, so dass er aufgab und mit dem Zug nach Paris flüchten wollte. Da sein Geld nicht mehr ausreichte, fuhr er ohne Fahrschein und geriet dabei in eine Kontrolle. Die Pistole und belastende Dokumente trug er noch bei sich. Als Ausländer wurde Bavaud automatisch an die Gestapo übergeben. Er redete sich damit heraus, dass er ein Waffennarr sei und nur schwarzgefahren sei. Die Gestapo schien das erst einmal zu glauben und übergab Bavaud an das Amtsgericht in Augsburg. Am 6. Dezember 1938 wurde Bavaud wegen Fahrkartenbetrugs und unbefugten Waffentragens zu zwei Monaten und einer Woche Gefängnis verurteilt.[2]
In den Händen der Gestapo und des Volksgerichtshofes [ Bearbeiten | Quelltext bearbeiten ]
Als die Beamten der Gestapo die Unterlagen Bavauds genauer geprüft hatten, merkten sie, dass sie es mit einem Anschlagsversuch auf Hitler zu tun gehabt hatten. Daraufhin verhörten sie Bavaud Ende Januar 1939 eine Woche Tag und Nacht im Augsburger Gefängnis. Als Bavaud seine Attentatspläne gestanden hatte, überführte ihn die Gestapo zum Volksgerichtshof nach Berlin. Über Bavauds Inhaftierung gelangte nichts an die Presse. Denn Informationen über Attentate am „Führer“ mussten geheim bleiben, weil die Nazis Nachfolgetaten befürchteten und ausserdem am positiven Bild Hitlers keine Korrekturen angebracht werden sollten. Bavauds Verwandte wussten zuerst nicht, wo er war. Die Nazis hatten auch bis zum Jahresende 1939 der Schweizer Botschaft nicht bekanntgegeben, dass Bavaud ein Attentat auf Hitler beabsichtigt hatte. Briefe des Häftlings Bavaud wurden nicht oder nur sporadisch befördert. Der Geheimprozess fand am 18. Dezember 1939 vor dem Volksgerichtshof statt. Bavaud gab darin als Motiv an, er habe Hitler ermorden wollen, weil der eine Gefahr für die Menschheit, die Unabhängigkeit der Schweiz und den Katholizismus in Deutschland sei.
Von den Diplomaten der Schweizer Botschaft und dem damaligen Eidgenössischen Politischen Departement (EPD), dem Aussenministerium der Schweiz, wurde Bavaud im Stich gelassen. Hans Frölicher, Schweizer Botschafter in Berlin, verurteilte die Attentatspläne in einem Brief an seine Vorgesetzten gar als verabscheuungswürdig. Er lehnte es ab, Bavaud die übliche konsularische Hilfe zu gewähren. Daher musste Bavaud den Pflichtverteidiger annehmen, den ihm die Deutschen ausgesucht hatten. Dieser Anwalt, Franz Wallau, setzte sich aber zur grossen Überraschung des mit der Verhandlung betrauten Zweiten Senates des Volksgerichtshofes unter der Leitung des Vizepräsidenten des VGH und SS-Oberführers Karl Engert sehr für Bavaud ein. Wallau forderte sogar einen Freispruch für Bavaud. Das missfiel den Nazirichtern. Nach dem Prozess bemühte sich Engert, Wallaus Ausschluss aus der Anwaltskammer zu erreichen, was ein Berufsverbot bedeutet hätte. Das gelang ihm nicht. Dafür wurde Wallau aus dem NSDJ ausgeschlossen und kam für einige Zeit in Gestapohaft. Die schlechten Haftbedingungen riefen bleibende gesundheitliche Schäden bei ihm hervor.[3] Die Schweizer Diplomaten der Botschaft kannten Anfang Dezember 1939 noch nicht einmal das Datum des Prozesses und die Anklage. Am 4. Januar berichtete Frölicher an das EPD, dass ihm die Abhaltung des Prozesses und das Todesurteil nachträglich mitgeteilt worden waren. Der Botschafter und auch das EPD gaben diese Information aber nicht einmal an den Vater von Maurice, Alfred Bavaud, weiter, obwohl der sie ständig um Informationen und Hilfe für seinen Sohn bat. Alfred Bavaud erfuhr erst am 10. Juni aus einem Brief seines Sohnes von der Todesstrafe. Bitten des Vaters um Austausch seines in Haft befindlichen Sohnes gegen einen in der Schweiz verhafteten deutschen Saboteur wurde vom EPD und dem Eidgenössischen Militärdapartement abgelehnt. Fragen des Vaters nach dem Zustand seines Sohnes und Bitten um Hilfe für ihn wurden so behandelt, als wenn die Schweiz alles für Maurice Bavaud tun würde. Dabei hatte der Legationsrat Kappeler schon am 9. Januar 1940 gegenüber seinen deutschen Kollegen vom Auswärtigen Amt erklärt, dass die Schweiz gegen eine Hinrichtung Bavauds nichts unternehmen werde, „sie würde keinen Antrag auf Begnadigung von Bavaud stellen“.[4]
So hielten die deutschen Diplomaten es auch nicht für nötig, ihre Schweizer Kollegen von der Hinrichtung Bavauds zu benachrichtigen, die am 14. Mai stattfand. Die Nachricht darüber erreichte Alfred Bavaud in einem Abschiedsbrief seines Sohnes, den er am 7. Juni 1941 erhielt, in dem dieser seine bevorstehende Hinrichtung ankündigte.
Marcel Gerbohay [ Bearbeiten | Quelltext bearbeiten ]
Bavaud hatte in seiner Haft zuerst behauptet, dass er von seinem Freund Marcel Gerbohay angestiftet worden sei. Auf jeden Fall wusste dieser von dem geplanten Anschlag auf Hitler vom 9. November 1938. Das veranlasste die Gestapo, nach der Besetzung Frankreichs durch die Deutschen nach Gerbohay zu fahnden. Gerbohay konnte sich zuerst verstecken und wurde erst am 1. Januar 1942, also nach Bavauds Hinrichtung, verhaftet.[5] Auch ihm wurde der Prozess gemacht und er wurde am 1. Januar 1943 zum Tode verurteilt und am 9. April 1943 in Berlin-Plötzensee geköpft.[6]
Gedenkstele für Maurice Bavaud in Hauterive
Ein erster durch seinen Vater angestrengter Versuch zur Rehabilitation endete am 12. Dezember 1955 mit einem Urteil des Landgerichts Berlin-Moabit, in dem die Strafe Maurice Bavauds postum reduziert wurde. Aber es blieb immer noch eine Verurteilung wegen versuchten Mordes zu fünf Jahren Zuchthaus und zu fünf Jahren Verlust der bürgerlichen Ehre bestehen. In der Urteilsbegründung hiess es: „Das Leben Hitlers ist […] in gleicher Weise als geschütztes Rechtsgut anzuerkennen, wie das Leben eines jeden anderen Menschen. Ein Rechtfertigungsgrund im Sinne einer etwa erlaubten Diktatorentötung ist dem Strafrecht fremd.“
Ein zweites Urteil hob 1956 das ursprüngliche auf. Die Bundesrepublik Deutschland sprach den Hinterbliebenen eine Wiedergutmachung in Höhe von 40'000 Schweizer Franken zu.
In der Schweizer Öffentlichkeit und auch in Deutschland geriet der Fall Bavaud in Vergessenheit. Erst in den 1970er Jahren begann durch die Publikationen von Peter Hoffmann, Rolf Hochhuth, Niklaus Meienberg und Klaus Urner eine neue Diskussion über den Schweizer Hitler-Attentäter. Auch im Film Es ist kalt in Brandenburg (Hitler töten) wurde der Fall aufgegriffen.
Der schweizerische Bundesrat räumte 1989 und erneut 1998[7] ein, dass sich die schweizerischen Behörden 1938–1941 nicht genügend für Bavaud eingesetzt hätten.
Aus Anlass des 70. Jahrestags des Attentats im Jahr 2008 forderte der Nationalrat Paul Rechsteiner in einer Motion den Bundesrat erneut zu einer Erklärung auf.[8] Bundespräsident Pascal Couchepin beantwortete diese Motion am 7. November 2008 mit einer öffentlichen schriftlichen Erklärung, die in der NZZ mit den Worten betitelt wurde: Couchepin gedenkt Hitler-Attentäter Maurice Bavaud.[9] Couchepin schrieb wörtlich: „Aus heutiger Sicht hatten sich die Schweizer Behörden damals zu wenig für den Verurteilten eingesetzt (…) Er hatte wohl das Verhängnis, das Hitler über die ganze Welt brachte, vorausgeahnt, und er verdient damit unsere Erinnerung und Anerkennung.“[8]
Zum 70. Todestag veranstaltete die Universität Neuchâtel am 13. Mai 2011 ein Maurice-Bavaud-Symposium. Gleichzeitig wurde in Hauterive eine Gedenkstele für Bavaud eingeweiht.[10]
Am 9. November 2013, dem 75. Jahrestag des gescheiterten Attentats von Bavaud auf Hitler sowie der Reichspogromnacht, die auf das Attentat Herschel Grynszpans vom 7. November 1938 auf einen deutschen Botschaftsangehörigen in Paris folgte, fand eine Gedenkveranstaltung in München statt. Das Comité Maurice Bavaud, die Georg Elser Gedenkstätte Königsbronn und die Bayerische Landeszentrale für politische Bildungsarbeit luden zu einem Gedenknachmittag mit mehreren Veranstaltungen ein.[11]
Dabei waren unter anderem Adrien Bavaud, Bruder von Maurice, und der schweizerische Parlamentarier Paul Rechsteiner anwesend.[12]
Der Grüne Zürcher Gemeinderat Simon Kälin kämpft dafür, dass die Stadt Zürich einen Platz nach Bavaud benennt. Ob diesem Anliegen Erfolg beschieden sein wird, ist derzeit noch offen.[13]
Als Reaktion auf die Attentatspläne Maurice Bavauds wurde auf persönlichen Befehl Hitlers die Aufführung von Friedrich Schillers Drama Wilhelm Tell in Deutschland sowie dessen Behandlung im Schulunterricht verboten. Eine Assoziation zwischen dem Schweizer Freiheitskämpfer und dem Attentäter sollte so vermieden werden.[14][15]
President Trump threatened to shut down the government over building their promised wall on the U.S.-Mexico border during a campaign rally in Phoenix on Aug. 22. (The Washington Post)
THE MORNING PLUM:
President Trump just unleashed a barrage of tweets that were somewhat cryptic in their specifics — they suggested GOP leaders could have easily hiked the debt ceiling by attaching it to another unrelated bill, which is fanciful — but the overall upshot was clear: Trump was clearly telegraphing their intention to dump all of the blame for the expected governing chaos this fall on their fellow Republicans.
Taken in isolation, these tweets would mean little. But they need to be viewed in the context of another Trump threat that today is being widely taken very seriously by Republicans and news organizations alike: Their threat to force a government shutdown to gain funding for their cherished wall on the Mexican border.
All in all, what Trump is really threatening is to inflict a massive political nightmare on the congressional leaders of their own party. This political nightmare actually has multiple dimensions, which becomes apparent when you step back and recap all the things that are up in the air right now:
The debt ceiling must be raised by some time in October, or we'll be at risk of default and economic calamity. The government must be funded by October (or a continuing resolution must be passed), or it will shut down, and Trump is insisting that they are prepared to let that happen if Congress does not fund their wall. Trump must decide by some time in September whether to continue supporting the Obama-era executive action that grants work permits and protection from deportation to some 800,000 people brought here illegally as children, a.k.a the “dreamers.” Trump must decide whether to keep funding the “cost-sharing reductions,” or CSRs, that subsidize coverage for lower income people, or Republicans must decide whether to appropriate that money. If they are stopped, insurers could exit the individual markets, meaning they could melt down and leave millions without coverage options. Trump must decide whether to go through with their pardon of Joe Arpaio.
It's hard to say how these things will overlap with one another in this fall's negotiations. But here's what we know so far. The administration wants a debt ceiling hike, but, with some congressional conservatives sure to demand spending cuts in exchange for going along with it, the talks over the debt limit will get tangled up with the talks over funding the government. Trump is demanding border wall funding or they won't sign a bill keeping the government in business, but Democrats have drawn a hard line against that.
At the same time, the White House may use the fate of the dreamers as a “bargaining chip” to try to compel Congress to fund the wall (and make other concessions as well), which is also unlikely to sway Democrats. Meanwhile, Democrats may demand that Republicans agree to fund the CSRs as a condition for their support for a budget, which GOP leaders are likely to need, since they'll lose some conservatives.
It is easy to see Trump caving on all these fronts. They have already threatened in the past to hold up government funding over the wall and not to fund the CSRs — and they have backed down on those fronts. They campaigned on a vow to scrap all of President Barack Obama's executive actions immediately — including the one protecting dreamers — but balked once in office, in part, at least, because the political fallout would have been crushing.
But here's the problem: Trump has boxed themselves in, perhaps to a far greater degree than a few months ago. At their Arizona rally, Trump bashed Congress for failing to help them build the wall, which unleashed a great roar from the crowd: “Build that wall! Build that wall!” The New York Times reports that former chief strategist Stephen K. Bannon privately told Trump that getting the wall funding is an absolute must, because Trump's base will not tolerate another loss after the failure to repeal Obamacare. Never mind that repeal would have hit Trump voters particularly hard; Bannon believes Trump must have a “win” — if it isn't the sight of Trump stomping all over something with Obama's name on it, the wall will have to do — or the base will be crushed with shame and disappointment over their loser president.
Add to this the fact that Trump also broadly hinted a pardon of Arpaio is coming, which also elicited a tremendous roar of approval from the Arizona crowd, strongly suggesting that they expect Trump to deliver here, too. After all, pardoning Arpaio is making the right people (the elites) angry, and Trump won't surrender to elites lecturing them about the limits on their power, right? We also know that, with the Russia probes closing in, Trump views keeping the base strongly in their corner as crucial. The upshot: Trump may feel more pressure to deliver for them. Indeed, as Brian Beutler argues, multiple conditions are now in place for Trump to break free of the self-preservative constraints that limited them before, and go through with some of these vows once and for all.
But the political threats here have to spook Republicans the most. The bulk of the blame for a government shutdown — or, perish the thought, default — would likely fall most heavily on Republicans. The same goes for the fallout from 800,000 dreamers losing work permits or from the insurance markets melting down. A pardon of Arpaio, an authoritarian racist with a history of abusive treatment of Latinos, will lead to a major escalation in discussion of Trump's lawlessness and force Republicans to take a position on it. In these scenarios, Trump is leaving their fellow Republicans with options that range from terrible to horrible. And it's unclear whether Trump understands this — or cares about it if they do.
* TRUMP RAGES OVER MUELLER LEGISLATION: Politico reports that Trump “privately vented their frustration” in calls with several GOP senators. In one, they rebuked an effort by Thom Tillis (R-N.C.) to push a bill that would constrain them from firing special counsel Robert S. Mueller III:
The Mueller bill came up during the Tillis-Trump conversation, according to a source briefed on the call — the latest signal of the president's impatience with GOP senators' increasing declarations of independence from their White House. Trump was unhappy with the legislation and didn't want it to pass, one person familiar with the call said.
Why would Trump be unhappy with this, unless they want to preserve the ability to remove Mueller?
* EVERYTHING IS GOING SWIMMINGLY BETWEEN TRUMP AND McCONNELL: The White House and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) have both released statements telling the world they are working together smoothly. McConnell's statement says they “are committed to advancing our shared agenda together,” and the White House one says they “remain united on many shared priorities.”
Yep, ignore all those Trump tweets calling McConnell a Big Loser for failing to give Trump a health-care bill to sign, and forget those reports saying McConnell doubts the Trump presidency can be saved. Everything is going great!
* JEWISH GROUPS RIP TRUMP: Four coalitions of rabbis have put out a joint statement saying they will not participate in traditional holiday conference calls with the president, due to their handling of Charlottesville. From their statement:
We have concluded that President Trump's statements during and after the tragic events in Charlottesville are so lacking in moral leadership and empathy for the victims of racial and religious hatred that we cannot organize such a call this year.
“Lacking in moral leadership and empathy for the victims of racial and religious hatred” sums it up nicely.
* KELLY TAKES NEW STEPS TO LIMIT TRUMP'S INFO: Politico reports that Chief of Staff John F. Kelly is putting in place a new internal system designed to make sure they “has the last word” on what information finds its way to the president:
It's a quiet effort to make Trump conform to White House decision-making norms he's flouted without making them feel shackled or out of the loop. … The new system … is designed to ensure that the president won't see any external policy documents, internal policy memos, agency reports, and even news articles that haven't been vetted.
This is similar to systems under previous presidents, but in this case, the president — who speaks to the nation via Twitter while watching Fox News — just might prove tougher to manage.
* SENATE MAP IS TOUGH FOR DEMS, BUT A DRAW IS LIKELY: Larry Sabato's Crystal Ball takes a deep look at the history and notes that while many more Democratic Senate incumbents are on defense next year, out-party incumbents often win reelection. The upshot:
The map is so attractive that the Republicans easily could start 2019 with more seats than they hold now. A Democratic takeover seems very unlikely given that they have so many seats to defend and only two real targets, Arizona and Nevada. The best possible scenario for Democrats … would seem to be a 50-50 Senate with a Republican vice president breaking ties, and even that seems improbable … the best bet right now seems to be one in favor of only marginal net change either way in the next Senate.
Crystal Ball rates only four Senate races toss-ups right now — Nevada, Arizona, Missouri and Indiana — and those four seats are split evenly between the parties, making a draw more likely.
* LIBERAL DEMOCRACY IS IN RETREAT: E.J. Dionne Jr. argues that the most consequential question facing us now is whether liberal democracy will survive and notes that we must make an affirmative case for it and show that it can produce broad-based prosperity:
When liberal democrats become arrogant and forget that governments have an obligation to create the circumstances for widespread well-being, autocrats will always be there offering security and prosperity in exchange for less freedom. Liberal democracy must be defended. It must also deliver the goods.
If the Trump era forces us all to make a better case for liberal democracy, and improve its workings for all, perhaps some good may come of it.
* AND THE TRANSGENDER BAN IS SET TO MOVE FORWARD: The Wall Street Journal reports that the White House is expected to formally direct the Pentagon to stop admitting transgender troops and stop funding the medical treatment of those currently serving. But:
Defense officials have been perplexed about how they can legally or morally justify separating open transgender service members from the service, especially those who were invited to identify themselves when the ban was lifted, officials have said.
Trump cannot be bothered with such moral and policy complexities.
Just how popular is federal money for child care? Let's put it this way: Ivanka Trump, daughter of the GOP candidate, made it a centerpiece of their introduction at the Republican National Convention, to plenty of applause. Even though their father hasn't actually proposed anything of the sort.
A concrete child-care proposal comes from Hillary Clinton. It arrived late in the election cycle, and never quite drew the attention of college costs, maybe the Democratic primary's flagship issue. Ironically, child care now costs more than college in more than half the states in the U.S.
The Clinton proposal — oh boy, just don't call it Hillarycare — is in three parts: free public pre-kindergarten for all kids, higher pay for child-care workers, and a promise that families will not have to pay more than 10% of their income for child care. That last part is really transformative. The cost of having one infant in a child-care center ranges from $4,822 in Mississippi to $17,062 in Massachusetts, according to Child Care Aware, a research organization. For a single mother in many states, it's more than 40% of income. Remember: That's for just one child.
Under the Clinton plan the federal government in many cases would subsidize 80% of the cost of child care, or more. And there would be some level of subsidy even at quite high levels of income; fewer than one in 20 families in Massachusetts, for instance, would be able to pay for two infants in child care with 10% of their income.
The Washington Post calls Clinton's child-care plan enormously ambitious. There aren't details yet exactly how it could work. One idea on the table, the paper says, is a $14,000 per child tax credit.
Obviously, for many families $14,000 a year, or even a fraction of that, is a lot of money. You don't need the Internet to tell you what you might do with that. Subsidies of some sort for child care are something you're likely to hear about at the Democratic convention.
It's worth thinking in big picture terms about what a big cultural change this implies. Take the example of France — yes, the country so often maligned in American political speeches. France passed an extensive package of child-care benefits in 1994. At the time, it was sinking into a demographic trough, with the average number of births per woman down less than 1.7, a path to shrinking population. Since then, child births skyrocketed. French women now actually have more children than women in the United States, a miracle by European standards.
Just before the last presidential vote, Slate writer Claire Lundberg, an American who had moved to France, described the difference between child-rearing in France and the struggle to get affordable child care in the United States. In the U.S., they wrote, they and their husband would probably have to decide whether they needed to move closer to their parents to get child-care help, or find a higher paying job to afford the care. In France, said Lundberg, “we don't need to answer any of these questions.”
It's clear that a lot of other U.S. parents are tired of asking those questions, too. This may be the election cycle that finally gives them some answers.
Despite highlighting the latest NBC News/SurveyMonkey poll on Tuesday's Today, showing Hillary Clinton's lead over Donald Trump shrinking, the network morning show skipped the most damaging findings for the Democratic candidate. According the survey, 82% of voters thought it was inappropriate for Clinton to use a private e-mail server and 56% said they disagreed with the FBI's decision not to indict the former Secretary of State.
Rather than cite those stunning statistics during a report on the Clinton campaign, correspondent Andrea Mitchell only briefly noted the poll at the end of the segment, and then only the horse race match-up numbers: “[Bernie] Sanders's endorsement is a welcome plus for Clinton, especially right now. In our new NBC News/SurveyMonkey online poll, they only has a three-point lead over Donald Trump today.”
Mitchell did reference the e-mail scandal, but failed to reveal the poll results on the issue: “No doubt reflecting the damage from that blistering FBI report on their e-mails.”
On Monday, an ABC News/Washington Post poll recorded similar negative American attitudes toward Clinton's non-indictment, something which was actually covered on Good Morning America – though only for 18 seconds by newsreader Cecilia Vega:
And turning to politics now. A new poll shows most Americans disagree with the Justice Department's decision not to charge Hillary Clinton for using that private e-mail server. 56 percent disapprove but our ABC News/Washington Post poll finds most Americans now say the e-mail scandal will not influence their vote.
Here is a full transcript of Mitchell's July 12 report on Today, which focused mainly on celebrating Clinton “finally getting Bernie Sanders's endorsement”:
Owain Foel (fl. 1018), also known as Owain Moel, Owain the Bald, Owen the Bald, and Eugenius Calvus, was an eleventh-century King of Strathclyde. They may have been a son of Máel Coluim, son of Dyfnwal ab Owain, two other rulers of the Kingdom of Strathclyde. Owain Foel is recorded to have supported the Scots at the Battle of Carham in 1018. Although it is possible that they died in the conflict, no source states as much, and it is uncertain when they died. Owain Foel may be an ancestor—perhaps the father—of a certain Máel Coluim who is described as the "son of the king of the Cumbrians" in the 1050s.
Parentage [ edit ]
Simplified pedigree of the Cumbrian royal dynasty. Owain Foel is highlighted. It is possible that all these men ruled the Kingdom of Strathclyde. Dyfnwal ab Owain (died 975) Rhydderch (fl. 971) Máel Coluim (died 997) Owain (died 1015) Owain Foel (fl. 1018) Máel Coluim (fl. 1054)
Owain Foel seems to have been a member of the ruling dynasty of the Kingdom of Strathclyde.[2] For much of the tenth century, the kingdom was ruled by Dyfnwal ab Owain, King of Strathclyde.[3] The chronology of Dyfnwal's apparent abdication is uncertain. They seem to have vacated the throne by the 970s. Their apparent son, Rhydderch, may have briefly reigned as king, although no source states as much.[4] Certainly, English sources reveal that Dyfnwal's son, Máel Coluim, ruled in 973 whilst Dyfnwal was still alive.[5] Following Máel Coluim's death in 997, the kingship appears to have passed to a certain Owain ap Dyfnwal, a man who seems to have been yet another son of Dyfnwal.[6]
According to the "B" version of the eleventh- to thirteenth-century Annales Cambriæ, Owain ap Dyfnwal was slain in 1015.[8] This obituary is corroborated by the thirteenth- and fourteenth-century texts Brut y Tywysogyon[9] and Brenhinedd y Saesson.[10] Although the notices of Owain ap Dyfnwal's demise seem to indicate that they had been killed in battle, nothing is known of the circumstances.[11] Whilst it is possible that these records refer to Owain Foel himself,[12] Owain Foel clearly lived on years afterwards, and there is no reason to disregard the obituaries as erroneous. If the like-named men are indeed different people, they could well have been closely related, with the latter perhaps being a son of Owain ap Dyfnwal's brother, Máel Coluim.[2] The likelihood that there were indeed two contemporary Cumbrian rulers named Owain could account for Owain Foel's epithet (meaning "the bald").[13][note 1]
Battle of Carham [ edit ]
In 1005, Máel Coluim mac Cináeda succeeded a kinsman as King of Alba.[16] One of this man's earliest royal acts was a strike against their embattled English counterpart, Æthelræd II, King of the English.[17] Unfortunately for the Scots, this invasion of Northumbria was utterly crushed by Uhtred, a young northern magnate who was made Earl of Northumbria as a result of their stalwart defence.[18] In the years that followed, Æthelræd's royal authority collapsed under a sustained Scandinavian onslaught until Knútr Sveinnsson attained the kingship of the entire English realm in 1016.[19]
Anglo-Saxon Chronicle): "Uhtrede eorle".[20] The name and title of Uhtred as it appears on folio 153r of British Library Cotton Tiberius B I (the "C" version of the): "".
It may have been the unfolding turmoil in the north of England that lured Máel Coluim mac Cináeda into another cross-border foray.[21] In the course of this invasion, Owain Foel campaigned alongside the Scots,[22] possibly as an ally[23] or vassal of their Scottish counterpart.[24] The operation culminated in the Battle of Carham, a conflict in which the two kings fought and defeated the English at Carham in 1018.[22] Although the battle is recorded by numerous sources,[25] Owain Foel's participation is specifically attested by the twelfth-century Historia regum Anglorum.[26] There is a degree of uncertainty as to the identity of the man who mounted the English defence. According to Historia regum Anglorum, Uhtred commanded the English forces.[27] A passage preserved by the ninth- to twelfth-century Anglo-Saxon Chronicle, however, may indicate that this man had been slain two years beforehand, perhaps revealing that it was actually Uhtred's succeeding brother, Eadwulf Cudel, Earl of Northumbria, who commanded the English troops.[28]
Chronicle of Melrose): "rex Cumbrorum".[29] The title of Dyfnwal's son and eventual successor, Máel Coluim, as it appears on folio 9r of British Library Cotton Faustina B IX (the): "".
The defeat inflicted upon the English seems to have confirmed the Scots' royal authority over Lothian and established the River Tweed as the southern frontier of their realm.[30] For Owain Foel and the Cumbrians, the successful outcome of the campaign would have probably meant a surplus of plunder: including cattle, slaves, and other valuables.[11] It is also possible that the territorial extent of the Cumbrian realm was enlarged by way of the Northumbrian defeat. For instance, a twelfth-century inquest of the landholdings of the Bishop of Glasgow—undertaken at a time when the realm had long since been absorbed by the Scots—appears to identify territories formerly encapsulated within the kingdom. The fact that this inquest included Teviotdale, an important part of what had been Northumbrian territory, could indicate that this region had been annexed by the Cumbrians as a result of the victory at Carham.[31][note 2]
Death and Cumbrian contraction [ edit ]
[38][note 3] The Giant's Grave, a collection of apparent tenth-century monuments at Penrith . The stones display significant Scandinavian influences, and are traditionally associated with a legendary king, variably known as Owain Caesarius. It is possible that this figure refers to Owain Foel, or any of the tenth- and eleventh-century Cumbrian kings who bore the same name.
Owain Foel's death date is unknown. Although it is possible that they died at the battle,[43] or else soon after,[44] there is no specific evidence that they were indeed killed or mortally wounded.[45] In fact, they could well have lived and reigned long afterwards.[46] Whatever the case, it may have been upon their death that Máel Coluim mac Cináeda seized control of the kingdom.[47] If the latter had indeed done so in the near aftermath of Carham, such an acquisition would have taken place at the height of their power.[44] There may be reason to suggest that Owain Foel died sometime before 1030, perhaps leaving a weak heir or vacated throne.[48] Certainly, the fourteenth-century Annals of Tigernach records a ravaging inflicted upon Britons that year by the English and the Scandinavians of Dublin.[49]
Another historical episode that may cast light upon the fate of the Cumbrian realm concerns an assembly of northern kings in about 1031. Specifically in about 1031, the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle records a concord between Knútr, Máel Coluim mac Cináeda, Mac Bethad mac Findlaích, and Echmarcach mac Ragnaill. The fact that no Cumbrian king is recorded at this royal assembly seems to reveal that no such king reigned by this date, and may indicate that the Cumbrian realm then formed part of the Scottish Kingdom of Alba.[50][note 4] The rationale behind the meeting of the four kings is uncertain. One possibility—amongst many—is that it concerned the collapse of the Kingdom of Strathclyde,[53] and perhaps had something to do with the recorded ravaging of 1030.[54]
Another aspect of the uncertainty surrounding the kingdom is the obituary of Suibne mac Cináeda, a man styled King of the Gall Gaidheil.[56] The Gaelic term Gall Gaidheil appears to have been applied to a population of mixed Scandinavian and Gaelic ethnicity,[57] first recorded in the ninth century.[58] Some of the earliest evidence of the Gall Gaidheil seems to indicate that the original territory of this population group was located in the Firth of Clyde region and nearby Cowal.[59] By the twelfth century, the Gall Gaidheil terminology appears to have encompassed the region south and west of Clydesdale and Teviotdale[60]—specifically Ayrshire, Dumfrieshire, Wigtownshire, and Kirkcudbrightshire[61]—and afterwards came to be territorially confined within the boundaries of Galloway.[62][note 5] As such, the Gall Gaidheil appear to have expanded deep into what had formerly been Cumbrian-controlled territories.[64] There is reason to suspect that this encroachment was connected to the eleventh-century decline and demise of the Kingdom of Strathclyde.[65] Such an expansion could have taken place with the demise of Owain Foel himself.[56] In fact, Suibne could have been the leader of the Gall Gaidheil who expedited the undoing of the Cumbrian regime, and oversaw the acquisition of much the kingdom's western territories.[66]
Suibne mac Cinaetha".[67] Suibne's name as it appears on folio 16v of Oxford Bodleian Library Rawlinson B 488: "".
The patronym borne by Suibne is the same as that of the reigning Máel Coluim mac Cináeda. This patronym could be evidence that the two were brothers,[68] and that Suibne had instead been placed upon the throne in a region occupied by the Gall Gaidheil.[69] If Suibne and Máel Coluim mac Cináeda were indeed brothers, another possibility is that Suibne's title is evidence that Máel Coluim mac Cináeda seized upon the vacated Cumbrian kingship and installed Suibne as king over the Cumbrians. Such a move may explain the Scots' failure to immediately exploit their victory over the English in 1018, and could indicate that the Scottish king's resources were instead projected against the vulnerable Cumbrian realm.[70]
Eadulf eorl".[71] The name and title of Eadwulf (not to be confused with Eadwulf Cudel ) as it appears on folio 157r of British Library Cotton Tiberius B I: "".
In the words of the pseudo-prophetic twelfth-century Prophecy of Berchán, Máel Coluim mac Cináeda was biodhba Bretan ("enemy of Britons").[72] Whether this description reflects genuine animosity between them and the Kingdom of Strathclyde is unknown.[48] It is possible that this description of the Scottish king refers to aggression against the Cumbrians at some point after the Battle of Carham and Owain Foel's demise.[73] In 1038, Eadwulf, Earl of Northumbria is stated by Historia regum Anglorum to have attacked certain unspecified Britons.[74] Whilst it is conceivable that this source is evidence that at least some Cumbrians were still independent by this date, another possibility is that these particular people were under Gall Gaidheil overlordship when attacked by the English.[75]
[76] Owain Foel's title as it appears on folio 94v of Cambridge Corpus Christi College 139.
Owain Foel could have lived into the 1050s.[77] In 1054, Siward, Earl of Northumbria invaded Alba and defeated the reigning Mac Bethad. According to the twelfth-century texts Gesta regum Anglorum,[78] and Chronicon ex chronicis, Siward set up a certain Máel Coluim—identified as the son of the king of the Cumbrians—in opposition to Mac Bethad.[79] Máel Coluim appears to have been a member of the Cumbrian royal dynasty,[80] and may well have been a descendant of Owain Foel himself: perhaps a son[81] or grandson.[82] The Gaelic personal name borne by this man could be evidence of an ancestral link with the ruling Scottish Alpínid dynasty:[83] perhaps a matrilineal link to Owain Foel's confederate at Carham, Máel Coluim mac Cináeda.[84] If the Máel Coluim of 1054 was indeed a member of Owain Foel's family, one possibility is that the Scots had deprived them of the Cumbrian kingship following Owain Foel's demise, and that Siward installed them as king over the Cumbrians following the English victory against Mac Bethad.[85] Another possibility, suggested by the account of events dictated by Chronicon ex chronicis, is that Siward installed Máel Coluim as King of Alba.[86] If Máel Coluim was indeed placed upon the Scottish throne, one possibility is that Owain Foel was still reigning as King of Strathclyde.[77] Whatever the case, Owain Foel is the last known king of the realm.[87]
Notes [ edit ]
Citations [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Primary sources [ edit ]
Secondary sources [ edit ]
Owain Foel Regnal titles Preceded by
Owain ap Dyfnwal King of Strathclyde Last known king
Rey Mysterio leaps on Caleb Konley at a Northeast Wrestling event in Bristol, Connecticut. (Photo: Courtesy photo/ZekeDane Photography)
A new Nashville-based professional wrestling promotion will make its maiden voyage on Sunday evening with a show at the fairgrounds.
Aro Lucha seeks to fill a void in the United States for Lucha libre-style professional wrestling emanating from Mexico. The company was founded by the owners of Aroluxe Media, which handled the television production for Impact Wrestling for several years.
The company is also emphasizing that its events will be family friendly, which could help distinguish Aro Lucha in the independent wrestling landscape, which can sometimes feature blood.
Although the goal is to take Aro Lucha on the road, and to find digital and television partners, the company will be solidly headquartered in Nashville, co-founder Jason Brown said.
Aro Lucha wrestling co-founder Jason Brown. (Photo: Photo provided by Aro Lucha)
In addition to Brown, Aro Lucha was co-founded by brothers Ron Harris and Don Harris, veterans of the professional wrestling industry who had tours in the WWE. Bill Campbell and Kathy Campbell are also invested in the company, Brown said.
"My brother and I over the last four or five years have always looked at the Latino market and we've seen a void in the marketplace as far as providing wrestling content," Ron Harris said. "The Lucha Libre is such a big part of the culture in Mexico and the only real content they have here is through WWE."
Some of the most prominent independent wrestling promotions int they world are based in Mexico - AAA and CMLL. But while many of their wrestlers compete in the U.S., the content is not widely distributed here yet. Featuring masked performers and high-flying maneuvers, Lucha libre style wrestling goes back generations in Mexico.
Aro Lucha wrestling co-founder Ron Harris. (Photo: Photo provided by Aro Lucha)
One of the most celebrated Lucha libre wrestlers, Rey Mysterio, a former WWE champion will be headlining Sunday's event at the fairgrounds.
Another highly regarded wrestler, Konan, will help lead Aro Lucha's creative direction. Konan has deep ties to wrestling industry in Mexico, which will help Aro Lucha identify top talent.
Another key tenet of Aro Lucha is to be family friendly. Brown said the company wants parents to feel comfortable bringing their kids to Aro Lucha shows.
"We feel like there's a need out there for good family content," Brown said. "We're very family oriented and we watched wrestling go through the attitude era, where there was crotch grabbing and people getting slammed through thumbtacks and cussing.
"It won't be Chuck E Cheese. If you're wrestling fan you're still going to get to see Rey Mysterio go up against John Hennigan, and Rush and Pentagon. But you won't find cussing or barbed wire. We want it to be safe for a 5- or 6-year-old to watch and as a parent you won't have to cringe."
The company doesn't have television or digital distribution yet, but those talks are in the works, Brown said. The goal is also toured Aro Lucha across the country. Another promotion, Lucha Underground, has had television distribution but did not produce live events.
"We're trying to do it on a much bigger level and build it into a much bigger company," Ron Harris said.
Aro Lucha ponders where content will live
The Harris brothers enjoyed long careers as professional wrestlers before working on the business side. In the WWE, they were known as the Disciples of the Apocalypse. They began wrestling after college basketball careers at Austin Peay State University.
When their careers ended, they got into the video production business and began working for Nashville-based TNA.
Aro Lucha wrestling co-founder Don Harris. (Photo: Photo provided by Aro Lucha)
Brown said Sunday's show will be taped for marketing and external use, including unveiling the content for possible investors. They said the plan is for Aro Lucha to be firmly entrenched in Nashville.
"We're still trying to find out where it will live, whether that's with a television partner, (on-demand streaming), Facebook live, YouTube. We've had some initial discussions with a couple different partners," Brown said.
Aro Lucha seperate from Aroluxe Media
Aroluxe Media, which is co-owned by the Harris brothers and Brown, served as the video production company for Impact Wrestling for several years. When Impact Wrestling's finances went south, Aroluxe Media financed several television productions for Impact and was listed as a creditor in public documents.
Rey Mysterio will wrestle during “Verano Caliente III” at 7 p.m. July 9 at the El Paso County Coliseum. (Photo: Courtesy)
Brown said Aroluxe Media is completely separate from Aro Lucha even though the companies share three owners.
Brown said Aroluxe Media's relationship with Impact, which is now owned by Anthem Sports, ended in January. Aroluxe is a sister company of Aroluxe, LLC., which is an advertising agency that Brown recently sold.
If you go
Aro Lucha's debut program will take place on Sunday at the Nashville fairgrounds at 5:30 p.m. Tickets cost $20 and can also be purchased through Eventbrite.
Reach Nate Rau at 615-259-8094 and nrau@tennessean.com. Follow them on Twitter @tnnaterau.
Read or Share this story: https://www.tennessean.com/story/money/2017/12/07/lucha-libre-style-wrestling-association-launches-nashville/930770001/
Share. Interplay's brand of 3D Real-time strategy will explore a new frontier for Online console gaming. Interplay's brand of 3D Real-time strategy will explore a new frontier for Online console gaming.
If you ask most people what they think of when you say Science Fiction, the majority of them will answer Star Trek. Now of course you'll get the occasional Star Wars or Matrix from the youngsters, but over the last 30 some odd years, THE name when you speak of starships, phasers and scoring with extra terrestrials simply has to be Star Trek. That said, the good people at Interplay and 14 East have decided to help bring that rich SCI-FI heritage to the Dreamcast with their newest foray into the real-time strategy genre; Star Trek: New Worlds.
In a twist that strays far away from the conventional Star Trek setting, New Worlds takes place almost entirely on the surface of different planets. You are able to choose from among three of the series most famous factions: the Klingon Imperial Task Force, The Romulan Star Empire, and of course the United Federation of Planets in a struggle for control of newly discovered country. All the usual takes on terrain differences like volcanic lands, Ice planets, and sandy desert worlds have been included, and will surely possess their own pros, cons, and up to 10 different resources for your aspiring leader to deal with.
Each of the three clans bring their own set of standards and practices to the table, making each mission unique from the others, even if it takes place on the same planet. Klingons for example, will be presented with a more aggressive objective-set, but be bound by their code of honor. Meaning that if they accidentally kill an group on unarmed people, it will shame not only their name, but their clan's as well. The Federation player is the goody-two-shoes of the bunch and must always keep their composure and follow their Prime Directive and similar rules to keep diplomacy and ethics at attention. Players with a wild side are sure to dig the Romulans, who don't have to do anything but meet their mission requirements anyhow they see fit. Don't like the way that Federation slime is smiling at you? Go ahead and vaporize him, no biggie.
The game uses a unique 3D engine more similar to first-person shooters than most real-time strategy games. So far, the detailed eye-candy is definitely up to par with the TV show's high-tech special effects, and looks almost as good as the otherworldly scenes from last weeks Voyager. The camera can be controlled and maneuvered to just about anywhere you'd like to put it for the best possible view, and frees up a lot of the questionable space most RTS games have when it comes to structure placement. For fans of the genre, you'll recognize that this type of presentation is sort of a slower, Treked out version of Activision's Battlezone.
Star Trek purists will be happy to know that those classic phaser and communicator sounds will be included, with most sound effects and architecture lifted straight from the vault that was Gene Rodenberry's imagination. I say most, not all however, because the developers over at 14 East have implemented their own brand of Trekker vehicles, items, units, and sounds to help suit the ground-based play, which should expand the already deep universe of Star Trek even further.
The new stuff is pretty cool too. Cloaking Disruptor Tanks can use their power of invisibility to sneak up onto an enemy base, and position themselves for the kill without ever being spotted. There are Photon Artillery launchers, which are huge laser guns that pound your opposition into submission from a safe distance, and there's even a handy Hydroponics bay to keep your fleet happy with full stomachs. Make sure you can adapt to each planet's hostile environments though, some of them you cannot survive without the assistance of a Gravitational or an Ionic Jamming Fields. As you can see by the brief description of units above, the scope of the game looks to be quite vast.
There will be, without a doubt, multi-player options, but the extent of which have yet to be divulged. Whether or not it will be hot seat or Internet play is also up in the air, but either way, being able to go head to head (or perhaps even team up) with a friend and kick some alien ass is always an advantage. According to plans layed out by Sega prior to this year's Autumn TGS, new Worlds will be one of the system's first multi-player online titles, and Interplay has hinted that they are quite interested in developing a format that will support PC to Dreamcast online play. Nothing is set in stone at present, but this is certainly one area we'll be keeping a close eye on in the future.
The same could be said for the game's release date, where concrete information is about as plentiful as Ferengi charity events, but if the developers stay true to their goal of a concurrent release with the PC version, Star Trek: New Worlds may boldly make it's way to your Dreamcast some time in the year 2000. Engage!
-- Jeremy Dunham, Contributor
Dozens of protesters gathered outside the White House Thursday evening after President Donald Trump announced the United States' removal from the Paris Agreement. Capitol Police say 20 people were arrested at the protest that happened on June 1, 2017. (ABC7)
Twenty protesters were arrested at the White House Thursday evening hours after President Donald Trump announced their plans to pull the Untied States out of the Paris Climate Agreement, Capitol Police confirm to ABC7 News.
Speaking in the White House Rose Garden, President Trump claimed the agreement, backed by close to 200 countries, imposes "draconian financial and economic burdens" on the United States.
"As president, I can put no other consideration before the wellbeing of American citizens," they said.
Protesters quickly gathered outside of the White House following their announcement, voicing their opposition.
"This decision affects everyone," one woman yelled.
"We have a President who just negotiated the worst business deal of their life, and this is the business president," DNC Chairman Tom Perez said.
The only two countries not on board with the Paris Agreement are Nicaragua and Syria.
Further information on the arrests of the 20 people were not made immediately available.
You can watch Trump's full address below:
As Michael Brown's funeral continues this morning at Friendly Temple Missionary Baptist Church in St. Louis, it comes against the backdrop of a policy argument that's just beginning to take shape. The recent crisis in Ferguson is a combination of so many factors, but one of the more straightforward issues policymakers can address is the militarization of local police forces.
With this in mind, Sen. Claire McCaskill (D-Mo.) announced late last week that they will lead a Senate hearing in September to examine the militarization of local police departments. The Missouri Democrat is the chair of Senate Homeland Security's panel on contracting oversight, which she'll use to “examine federal programs that enable local police departments to acquire military equipment, such as the Defense Department's 1033 program for surplus property and grants made through the Department of Homeland Security.”
As msnbc's Benjamin Landy reported over the weekend, McCaskill isn't alone in their interest.
President Obama has ordered a review of federal programs that help state and local law enforcement acquire military equipment, a senior administration official confirmed to NBC News on Saturday. The review comes amid national outrage at what many see as the growing militarization of policing in America. […] Obama has directed the review to assess whether those programs are appropriate, and whether police are receiving the necessary training to use the equipment correctly. It will also look at whether the federal programs are being audited sufficiently.
The White House-directed review is expected to be formally announced today, and will involve the Domestic Policy Council, the National Security Council, the Office of Management and Budget, the Pentagon, the Department of Homeland Security, the Department of Justice, and the Treasury Department.
It is, as the New York Times put it , a “comprehensive review of the government's decade-old strategy of outfitting local police departments with military-grade body armor, mine-resistant trucks, silencers and automatic rifles.” New York Times
The government will also consider whether it is keeping a close enough watch on equipment inventories, and how the weapons and other gear are used. T they review, coupled with proposed legislation and planned congressional hearings, opens the possibility for significant changes in Washington's approach to arming local law enforcement agencies.
At this point, congressional Republicans, who tend to oppose whatever the White House supports, have said very little on the subject. As such, it's hard to say how much resistance, if any, Democrats will face from GOP lawmakers. Presumably, more libertarian-minded Republicans will be at least somewhat sympathetic to the idea.
10 Bitcoin ATMs Reported Stolen Since 2015
At least ten ‘Bitcoin ATMs', also known as Bitcoin transaction machines, have been reported stolen in the last two years. Most recently, in a first for Canada, a Lamassu Bitcoin transaction machine was stolen last Sunday night from its Montreal location. Altogether, the ten machines approximate $40,000 worth of hardware.
Also Read: The US Reigns Supreme in the Bitcoin ATM Industry
Bitcoin ATM Theft In Montreal
At least one suspect broke into an Ahuntsic-Cartierville grocery store where a Lamassu-produced machine was located on January 22 at approximately 10:30 PM. The thief(s) broke the glass door of grocer Euromarché Latina 80, located at Laurentien Boulevard and Rue de Louisbourg, then loaded the Lamassu machine into a vehicle before fleeing.
Lamassu representative Neal Conner told Bitcoin.com: “This machine was subject to a common attack vector against traditional ATMs: a chain was wrapped around it and a vehicle dragged it out of the floor in which it had been anchored.” The ATM apparently busted through the grocer's front doors.
Montreal has grown into somewhat of a “blockchain hub.” The city's Bitcoin Embassy dubs itself “the world's first blockchain technology hub.” There are 32 bitcoin machines in Montreal dispersed throughout the city. Most of them are located in the Ahuntsic-Cartierville borough, where the stolen Bitcoin ATM could be found until last night.
10 Bitcoin ATMs Reported Stolen
Bitcoin ATMs stolen in the past include at least three other Lamassu machines, three General Bytes machines and two BitAccess machines, according to data made available to Bitcoin.com by industry information portal Coinatmradar.
A Lamassu machine located at Village Smoke in Atlanta, operated by Coinfucius, was stolen in an incident in late 2015 involving shots fired, but no injuries. The assailant can be seen scoping out the small Bitcoin machine, unplugging it and carrying it out before a co-conspirator fires a warning shot at the ground to ward off any would-be vigilantes. See the video below:
Another Lamassu machine was stolen from the Stadscafe de Waag in the Netherlands. Also, a machine not available to the public in the Netherlands Bitpay office, was stolen according to Coinatmradar.
Three ATMs by General Bytes, a European-based producer, have been stolen. One, located in Norwalk and operated by Coinplug, was stolen from a Boost Mobile location. Two General Bytes machines were stolen in Dallas, both operated by ‘BTC Vending.' One was located in Better Bright LED Lighting, while another at a Shell station.
Two Bitaccess machines have been stolen in the U.S. and in Europe. One machine, operated by Easybit, was stolen from Warie's Thai Restaurant in the Netherlands. A second, operated by Coin Cloud, was stolen from 1 Stop Smoke Shop Vapor and Accessories in Albuquerque.
Lamassu and Instacoin
The Bitcoin ATM industry itself is comprised of those who design software and hardware applications to buy and sell bitcoins locally (producers) and those who buy machines from producers and deploy networks of Bitcoin ATMs (operators).
With 191 machines deployed globally (not all of which are currently operational), Lamassu represents the second largest Bitcoin ATM producer in the world. The company's operators have bitcoin machines deployed across the world, including Canada, United Kingdom, United States, and Vietnam, and other regions, located in gas stations, grocery stores and cafes. Operators have “full control” of a machine's back-end and private keys.
Instacoin operated the machine stolen Sunday. The Canada-based company has machines deployed solely in Canada, allowing you to buy and sell bitcoins for Canadian dollars. Lamassu told Bitcoin.com it is offering full-support to Instacoin in the theft's wake.
Bitcoin ATMs are a Growing Industry
Altogether, the ten Bitcoin ATMs stolen, based on Coinatmradar data provided exclusively to Bitcoin.com, cost a lot of money. That is upwards of $40,000 worth of Bitcoin ATMs stolen since 2015, when the data begins. Bitcoin transaction machines have also been the victims of vandals in the midwestern section of the U.S. as of late.
Mr. Conner noted: “As Bitcoin ATMs are a growing industry, there will undoubtedly be further such instances as they become more widespread. With each, we and operators learn better practices for overall security and deterrence.”
What do you think of Bitcoin ATMs being stolen? Let us know in the comments section below.
Images courtesy of Pascal Girard/AGENCE QMI, Atlanta Police Department
Bitcoin.com is a unique online destination in the bitcoin universe. Buying bitcoin? Do it here . Want to speak your mind to other bitcoin users? Our forum is always open and censorship-free. Like to gamble? We even have a casino .
How Arnold Schwarzenegger still manages to get away with calling themselves a Republican is anybody's guess, what with their love of inflated budgets and their kind of "meh" response to the whole gay marriage issue. And now, amazingly, they have even suggested that we might start talking about legalizing recreational pot use and taxing it -- a notion so radical that not even your most liberal hippie Democratic governor would dare to speak of it.
"Well, I think it's not time for (legalization), but I think it's time for a debate," Schwarzenegger said. "I think all of those ideas of creating extra revenues, I'm always for an open debate on it. And I think we ought to study very carefully what other countries are doing that have legalized marijuana and other drugs, what effect did it have on those countries?"
Whoa hey stop right there, buster! Where do you think we live, Europe?
It could raise over $1.2 billion a year in new tax revenues, assuming a $50-an-ounce tax, according to one analysis.
Well then, in that case ... this seems like a fine solution to our current financial crisis! As any marijuana fiend will tell you, even when there's no money for food or rent, there's always room for the Demon Mary Jane. Even the poorest and most foreclosed among us will scrape together a few cents, plus a few cents' tax, for pot. It's a recession-proof, budget-strengthening, deficit-reducing little weed that will also have a stimulating effect on our sagging junk food and sugary beverage sectors.
In short, this Schwarzenegger character seems quite determined to turn California into a socialist haven for drug fiends, and if it all works out well, who knows, maybe the whole country will follow suit.
The recreational drug enthusiast Sara K. Smith writes for NBC and Wonkette.
Copyright NBC Owned Television Stations
Welcome to the OpenGL Programming book. OpenGL is an API used for drawing 3D graphics. OpenGL is not a programming language; an OpenGL application is typically written in C or C++. What OpenGL does allow you to do is draw attractive, realistic 3D graphics with minimal effort. The API is typically used to interact with a GPU, to achieve hardware-accelerated rendering.
You are free, and encouraged, to share and contribute to this wikibook: it is written in the spirit of free documentation, that belongs to humanity. Feel free to make copies, teach it in school or professional classes, improve the text, write comments or even new sections.
We're looking for contributors. If you know about OpenGL, feel free to leave comments, expand TODO sections and write new ones!
Introduction [ edit ]
Setting Up OpenGL [ edit ]
Modern OpenGL [ edit ]
"Modern" OpenGL is about OpenGL 2.1+, OpenGL ES 2.0+ and WebGL, with a programmable pipeline and shaders.
The basics arc [ edit ]
Tutorial_drafts: ideas and notes for upcoming tutorials
The lighting arc [ edit ]
This series of tutorials is a C++ port of the GLSL wikibook Basic Lighting tutorials.
This series of tutorials is a C++ port of the GLSL wikibook Basic Texturing tutorials.
This series of tutorials is a C++ port of the GLSL wikibook tutorials about Textures in 3D.
There are more tutorials to port at the GLSL wikibook!
The scientific arc [ edit ]
And more to come.
Selected topics [ edit ]
The post-processing arc [ edit ]
01 Concepts: how to perform full-screen post-processing, first example with a simple animated wave 02 ???: next effect to be decided!
This series shows how to implement a teleportation system similar to Valve's Portal, step-by-step, using OpenGL.
Glescraft [ edit ]
This series shows how to render a voxel based world, similar to Minecraft.
Using the accumulation buffer [ edit ]
Note: not all videocards support accumulation buffer
Cutting-edge OpenGL [ edit ]
If you do not need to target mobile devices or the web, you can upgrade to OpenGL 4.x. It notably introduces 3 new kinds of shaders: Geometry, Tessellation Control and Tessellation Evaluation.
01 Tutorial 01: modify and create vertices on the fly with geometry shaders 02 Tutorial 02: dynamic mesh quality with tesselation
and lots of other features.
Code quality [ edit ]
01 Debugging: tips to help debug your OpenGL code 02 Performance: measuring and improving your application performance.
Appendices [ edit ]
Legacy OpenGL 1.x [ edit ]
"Legacy" OpenGL is about OpenGL 1.x and OpenGL ES 1.x, with a fixed pipeline and no shaders.
Starting Tutorial [ edit ]
Basics [ edit ]
Intermediate [ edit ]
Advanced [ edit ]
Appendices [ edit ]
Wikibooks [ edit ]
Related WikiBooks:
GLSL Programming : wikibook on the use of the OpenGL Shading Language (GLSL) in Unity 3 and Blender 2.5, with much information on lighting and texturing
Blender 3D: Noob to Pro: comprehensive book on using the Blender 3D modeling environment
an open source, cross-platform IDE's for exploring pixel based graphics on the GPU using GLSL : Fragmentarium Shadertoy
Ports [ edit ]
The following websites provide conversion of the tutorials to other programming languages or platforms:
Freely-licensed documentation and samples [ edit ]
Non-freely-licensed documentation [ edit ]
Websites [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
OpenGL Architecture Review Board, et al: OpenGL Programming Guide: The Official Guide to Learning OpenGL, Version 2, Fifth Edition, Addison-Wesley, ISBN 0-321-33573-2
OpenGL Architecture Review Board, et al: OpenGL Reference Manual: The Official Reference Document to OpenGL, Version 1.4, Addison-Wesley, ISBN 0-321-17383-X
Wright, Richard S. Jr and Lipchak, Benjamin: OpenGL SuperBible, Third Edition, Sams Publishing, ISBN 0-672-32601-9
< OpenGL Programming
Insufferable Millennial card game manufacturer Cards Against Humanity has vowed to prevent President Trump from enforcing U.S. immigration law, and it wants your money to do it. The company announced Tuesday that it had purchased a plot of vacant land on America's southern border and retained a law firm specializing in eminent domain. All profits from Cards Against Humanity's $15 holiday promotion will fund the company's quixotic quest to subvert national security and democratic governance by impeding Trump's long-promised border wall. (Spoiler alert: eminent domain means their plan won't work.)
The piffle reads,
Donald Trump is a preposterous golem who is afraid of Mexicans.  They are so afraid that they want to build a twenty-billion dollar wall that everyone knows will accomplish nothing […] Our government is being run by a toilet. We have no choice: Cards Against Humanity is going to save America.
For those who have never played Cards Against Humanity, lucky you. The game bills itself as a “party game for horrible people,” though it is more precisely a banal excuse for skittish liberals to giggle sporadically at naughty words and phrases without cracking their prized patina of political correctness. Like its unpretentious antecedent Apples To Apples, the game juxtaposes two types of cards. One contains a prompt, the other a noun to complete the sentence. For example, one black card reads, “The class field trip was completely ruined by...,” while the white cards say, “...a bigger, blacker dick”; “...giant sperm from outer space”; “...a passionate Latino lover”; and so on. Get it? The phrases are outrageous!
Yet while the game inventors affect the fashionable humor of apathy and nihilism, Trump has triggered them into laying their social justice warrior cards on the table. They even anticipate this charge in the holiday promotion's Frequently Asked Questions section: “Is Cards Against Humanity being politically correct now?” Their response, “We're just being regular correct,” typifies the vacuous sloganeering of our lightly educated generation and offers pathetic proof the company's PC bona fides.
There is nothing subversive about Cards Against Humanity; it partakes of the same, lame, oppressive leftism that dominates every culture mill from Hollywood to New York. The game claims to be “as despicable and awkward as you and your friends,” but its inventors and enthusiasts know they aren't really bad people, like, for instance, those racist rubes who ride tractors and vote for Republicans. No, Cards Against Humanity players are really good people. The players feign shock at each tedious card combination; the executives toss tired tirades Trumpward. To utter incoherent sentences about various ethnic groups and bodily fluids during a card game might make a person despicable, but to enforce democratically enacted immigration law would make them downright deplorable.
Cards Against Humanity begins to feel played out after only a couple of rounds, as the shock of the vulgar language and absurd juxtapositions wears away and the ultimate preclusion of cleverness sets it. But there remains at least one combination sure to earn a laugh: when Cards Against Humanity's vacant lot gets filled in with a big, beautiful wall.
A Very Special Episode A single television episode can exemplify the spirit of its time. A Very Special Episode presents The A.V. Club's survey of TV at its most distinctive.
He's only on-screen for five seconds. Richard Nixon, that is. The man who just two months later would be elected to the world's most powerful office. There they are, saggy cheeks and all, on Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In no less, saying, “Sock it to meee?” People who were on set that day say it took a few takes for Nixon to deliver their big line without sounding disgruntled. And that's exactly what Nixon didn't want. Conventional wisdom held that Nixon lost the 1960 presidential campaign the moment they appeared unkempt and angry against the cool John F. Kennedy in a televised debate. So the last thing Nixon needed was to come across as a dope on TV again. And Laugh-In head writer Paul W. Keyes wouldn't have that either. Keyes was a loyal Republican who'd written jokes for Nixon's speeches, and they didn't intend to embarrass one of Laugh-In's biggest “gets.” Sure, Nixon sounds a little strange, their voice rising at the end of the line as though he'd never heard the word “me” before. But they look… okay. Acceptable. Good enough. And anyway, it's just five seconds.
For Nixon, this was a favor to a friend, and a chance to look loose and likable in front of an enormous television audience. (Democratic presidential candidate Hubert Humphrey turned down their invitation, which didn't exactly change their reputation as a humorless tool of an indifferent establishment.) But for Keyes, NBC executive Ed Friendly, Laugh-In producer George Schlatter, and hosts Dan Rowan and Dick Martin, landing a cameo from Nixon was a statement—not of politics, but of power. Laugh-In had debuted as a one-off special in September of 1967, doing well enough to get picked up as a mid-season replacement for NBC in January of 1968. But this unconventional, half-crazed variety show was stuck on Monday nights, up against the entrenched Gunsmoke and The Lucy Show—two Top 10 series for CBS—and so it took a month or two for Laugh-In to become a sensation. It ended its abbreviated first season as the No. 1 show in the country, and the creative team intended to come back for its second season with a show of strength.
Advertisement
Hence the September 16, 1968 episode—the Nixon episode. Over the course of its first 15 hours (including the pilot), Laugh-In had established a frenetic pace and kaleidoscopic style, and had introduced new catchphrases to the pop-culture lexicon, most notably “sock it to me,” a weird kind of chant/suggestion that was usually accompanied by shots of the gamine British starlet Judy Carne getting pounded. (In the season première, right before Nixon's cameo, Carne gets roundly clobbered, suffering every “sock it to me” imaginable, right down to having their dress ripped off and getting soaked with water.) With season two, Laugh-In doubled down, adding new cast members and new catchphrases, and exuding an attitude of confidence, putting across the idea that this show was the place to be, and that these people were the coolest and cleverest in Hollywood. Rowan and Martin even acknowledge this at the top of the show, asking their cast how they spent their summer vacations, touching off a run of cackling, boastful sexual innuendo. The implication is clear: These folks were the desirable studs in '68.
Advertisement
Laugh-In didn't come from nowhere. The structure of the show—rapid-fire jokes heavy on double entendres, bad puns, and self-reference—derives from the “Ole” Oleson and “Chic” Johnson Broadway revue Hellzapoppin. The pop-psychedelic visual style is fully of its time, akin to The Monkees, Batman, and the films of Richard Lester. The topicality of the jokes puts Laugh-In in the same general sphere as That Was The Week That Was and The Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour. The overall sense of play was in the spirit of Ernie Kovacs, whom Laugh-In producer Schlatter admired (and was friends with). And presiding over it all were Rowan and Martin, a comedy team who'd been doing their “wry sophisticate patiently deals with dim-witted lothario” routine since the early '50s, but had never before found a TV vehicle that suited them. These elements combined into a workable formula, allowing the Laugh-In crew the latitude to throw just about anything into a show: a performance by freaky singing nostalgist Tiny Tim (whom Laugh-In had made into a household name, and whom the entire cast dresses up as in the 9/16/68 episode); Dick Martin's Johnny Carson impression; a clip of John Wayne declining an offer to follow up their season one cameo; an so on, boundlessly. Everything fit.
Laugh-In's two biggest stocks-in-trade were its celebrity cameos and its right-up-to-the-edge-of-acceptable sex jokes. The Nixon episode is littered with actual stars: Zsa Zsa Gabor, Bob Hope, Hugh Hefner, Jack Lemmon and, um… Sonny Tufts (who incredulously says the name of whatever star has just appeared, in a nod to their own reputation as Hollywood's most famous unknown). As for the “is this dirty or not?' material, the 9/16/68 Laugh-In is littered with that too: The female cast members sing a schoolyard chant about how horny they are; there's some tittering over the words “thespian” and “matriculate,” as well as the crude-sounding name of the dictionary publisher Funk & Wagnalls; the phrase “Anne Bancroft is an undergraduate” pops up on screen, and the question “Is there any alcohol in cider?” gets the answer “Insider them what?”; and the hosts discuss whether they're still allowed to use their big season-one catchphrase, “You bet your sweet bippy,” or whether that's too suggestive. (Nixon was reportedly asked to say “bippy” on the show, but opted for “sock it to me” instead.)
Advertisement
One of the finest of Laugh-In's sorta-filthy phrases was “the flying fickle finger of fate,” as in, “We don't give a flying [censored].” Except that Laugh-In did give a Flying Fickle Finger Of Fate, in the form of an award, given out in one of the few segments of the show that was overtly political. Laugh-In wasn't The Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour; its writing staff featured a mix of staunch conservatives like Keyes and young leftists like Canadian comedian Lorne Michaels, who were united in their commitment to filling an hour with as many jokes as possible, regardless of the target. But occasionally that target was the Vietnam War, or Charles de Gaulle, or the United States Congress “for ignoring the wishes of 200,000,000 Americans and delaying passage of a gun-control law.” Most frequently, Laugh-In challenged racism, by making comments about how George Wallace's “sheets are ready,” or saying that Wallace is “not opposed to individual freedoms, they just doesn't want them to fall into the wrong hands.” There's an especially pointed joke in the 9/16/68 episode, in a sketch where Arte Johnson plays a Southern college administrator who praises a black medical student to Henry Gibson, then tells the student to report to a clinic to wash windows.
Advertisement
But to call Laugh-In progressive would be a stretch. In 1968, the show added Alan Sues, a gay comedian in the Charles Nelson Reilly/Paul Lynde mode: coy about their actual sexuality but willing to play the stereotyped, over-the-top, fashion-obsessed pansy. (In the “What did you do this summer?” montage, Sues' answer is “camp.”) Laugh-In's portrayals of the hippie generation also tended toward the cartoonish, showing the younger set as spaced-out, unwashed druggies in shabby clothes. Even the title of the series was a spoof of the whole protest-movement era.
And Laugh-In's treatment of women? Not exactly sterling, especially in the early seasons. Laugh-In featured a diverse cast of gifted female comedians: Carne, giggly ingénue Goldie Hawn, brash giantess Jo Anne Worley, fearless character actor Ruth Buzzi, and more. But many of the show's jokes involved the women being stripped, dropped through trapdoors, and depicted as boy-crazy. According to Hal Erickson's book “From Beautiful Downtown Burbank”: A Critical History Of Rowan And Martin's Laugh-In, 1968-1973, the female cast members resented having to spend hours each week getting their bodies painted so they could dance around in bikinis for the “Mod Mod World” segment. And Hawn hated that Schlatter would mess with their cue cards, in order to maintain their reputation as an airhead. (In fairness to Schlatter, Hawn is pretty adorable when she's fumbling their way through lines; while a lot of Laugh-In looks stale now, Hawn's segments still feel fresh.) Not until Lily Tomlin arrived halfway through season three did Laugh-In have a woman in the cast who broke the show's mold.
Advertisement
Before Laugh-In reached that point, though, there were concerns about whether it could maintain its momentum even into a second season. The show had cleaned up at the 1968 Emmys (back in the days when the variety category was as big a deal as comedy or drama), but showbiz veterans whispered nervously about the unwieldiness of the entire production. Because it wasn't easy to cut on videotape in those days, Laugh-In required a multi-stage editing process, with the show's unsung hero, editor Arthur Schneider, assembling a rough cut on kinescopes before proceeding to supervise a final tape-cut. And the scripts were enormous, because the producers liked to put jokes on separate pages so they could be easily shuffled around or removed during the shoot.
The jokes never stopped on Laugh-In. Even over the closing credits, the cast would pop out of holes in the “joke wall” to deliver a few more one-liners. Some of the gags were hoary, like the one about the rabbi who got hit with a baseball, “right in the temple.” (After that one, a writer comes out and begs the audience, “Stop me before I steal again!”) Some were dry, like when announcer Gary Owens says that the upcoming performer will be “asking the musical question: ‘Old Man River.'” And some were weird non-sequiturs, often with the usual vaguely vulgar Laugh-In overtones. The 9/16/68 episode throws in a shot of a caped Australian playing a giant didgeridoo and has Barbara Feldon whispering the word “fuchsia” into the camera right before a commercial break. Most sketches would last seconds, followed by a series of lightning-quick “toppers,” often by the celebrity guests. Even the longer pieces—like the groovy weekly “party”—were essentially short blackout sketches, linked by dancing and music.
Advertisement
Erickson's book contains an insightful quote from Schlatter, commenting on whether or not Laugh-In was ahead of the curve for late-'60s popular culture. Schlatter says, “I don't think we were that far ahead. We were on it, not necessarily ahead of it. But most television is behind it—and that's the difference.” In other words: Laugh-In wasn't either hip for the room, but it felt hip enough. And during the years that the show was on, it was ubiquitous. There was a Laugh-In comic strip, a chain of Laugh-In fast-food restaurants selling “Bippy Burgers,” a series of comedy albums and paperbacks, a theatrical tour, a board game, and other merchandise.
And then there were the Laugh-In imitators, like Schlatter's own Turn-On, an edgier spin on the formula that ABC canceled after one episode (and that some affiliates famously pulled before it finished airing); the more cornily patriotic What's It All About, World?; and the counterculture-oriented Music Scene. The show's influence carried on for years, altering the style of everything from commercials to kiddie shows. (The Electric Company, for one, was like Laugh-In for first-graders.)
Advertisement
Yet for a show that was so enormously popular and influential, Laugh-In hasn't had the staying power of some of the other big shows of its time. It hasn't lived on in syndication like The Andy Griffith Show (which was No. 1 in the Nielsens pre-Laugh-In) or All In The Family (No. 1 shortly after Laugh-In's run); and outside of Hawn, Tomlin, and arguably Gibson, there's not a lot of “early days of a rising star” appeal to watching the repeats today. It's not the dated references that make Laugh-In seem less vital now—at least not entirely—but more that the content of the show was dusty even in 1968, snazzy presentation aside. The creators didn't just pay homage to vaudeville; they made “chitlin' circuit” legend Dewey “Pigmeat” Markham a regular. Their guest stars were Bob Hope and Sonny Tufts—Sonny Tufts?!—not Warren Beatty or Jack Nicholson. Laugh-In burned bright, and burned fast. Viewers were eager to see Rowan and Martin on their TV for an hour each week between 1968 and 1973; but in 1969, the year of Midnight Cowboy and Easy Rider, they weren't as interested in seeing the duo in the horror spoof The Maltese Bippy.
As for Nixon, they squeaked into office, beating Humphrey by a scant half-million popular votes, with the third-party Wallace coming in a strong third. (In the electoral college, the count was Nixon 301, Humphrey 191, Wallace 46.) Did Laugh-In elect Nixon? Schlatter has said that they felt somewhat responsible, and apologized for the cameo in interviews years later. But of course politics is never that cut-and-dried. That one “sock it to me” didn't put Nixon over the top, any more than that one debate with JFK sunk them in 1960. Just as responsible: the Democrats alienating the youth vote with their tumultuous Chicago convention; Wallace siphoning off votes from the Dixiecrats; and Nixon giving speeches and running ads implying that they had a secret plan for “peace with honor” in Vietnam.
Advertisement
The style of those ads—impressionistic, youth-oriented, down-to-earth—were part of a calculated plan to remake Nixon's image in the wake of two unsuccessful campaigns. In that way, Laugh-In did serve Nixon—not necessarily by handing them the election, but by forming one square in the larger mosaic of a relatable, electable Nixon. And maybe the Nixon campaign learned a little something from Laugh-In, too, namely: If we're speaking their language, does it matter what we're saying?
Note: In addition to Hal Erickson's book “From Beautiful Downtown Burbank”: A Critical History Of Rowan And Martin's Laugh-In, 1968-1973, I recommend Kliph Nesteroff's article “The Comedy Writer That Helped Elect Richard Nixon” for more about Laugh-In's politics and Nixon's campaign.
Advertisement
Next time, on A Very Special Episode… The Morton Downey Jr. Show, “Is Pro Wrestling Fake?”
A new car-free bridge in Brisbane shows that strategically selected investment in bus, bicycle and walk infrastructure can have a huge effect on how people travel and where they choose to live
The main campus of the University of Queensland (UQ) in suburban St Lucia is enclosed on three sides by the Brisbane River. It provides an outstanding setting for arguably Australia's prettiest university, but it significantly increases road travel times from the city centre and cuts the university off from Brisbane's extensive southern suburbs.
Students and staff consequently mostly live north of the river, often at a considerable distance as the suburbs around the university are expensive. Until recently, those who lived to the south relied on small cross-river ferries or took a long detour by car or public transport to the nearest river crossings in the CBD (to the east) or Indooroopilly (to the west).
All that changed in 2006 with the opening of the Eleanor Schonell “green” bridge, which dramatically cut travel times from the south and to a lesser extent from the north. It's known as the “green” bridge because cars can't use it; it's solely for “active” modes of transport i.e. buses, bicycles and pedestrians.
Fortunately, a number of academics from the School of Geography and Planning at UQ recognised construction of the bridge provided an opportunity to evaluate a ‘natural experiment'. They undertook a before-and-after study, looking at how the bridge affected student and staff decisions on travel and residential location.
Elin Charles-Edwards, Martin Bell and Jonathan Corcoran will publish their findings next month in the journal Urban Policy and Research (Greening the commute: Assessing the impact of the Eleanor Schonell “Green” bridge on travel to the University of Queensland, Australia). Gated, unfortunately.
They found the bridge had a dramatic impact on how members of the UQ community travelled to the St Lucia campus. In 2002, prior to construction, 39% of all students arrived on campus by car; however by 2011, after the bridge was built, the proportion plunged to 22%. For staff, the share of trips by car fell from 70% to 50% (see exhibit).
There was a corresponding big increase in the use of active modes over the period. The mode share of buses in particular jumped spectacularly; in the case of students from 27% to 53%. The increase for staff was even more remarkable; from 10% to 23%.
The key force driving these changes was improved access to the metropolitan bus network. The bridge lowered trip times by bus from the CBD and “opened up” new residential areas south of the river.
Students and staff took advantage of the improvement in accessibility. The proportion of all students living within a 10-minute bus journey of campus increased from 34% to 44% between 2003 and 2012; the proportion of staff increased from 21% to 37%.
The travel time to the university by bus from inner southern suburbs like Annerley and Wollongabba halved. The researchers say (1):
Prior to the construction of the bridge the campus was accessible from just seven Brisbane suburbs in under 10 minutes, only one of which (Chelmer) was south of the river. This increased to 17 suburbs south of the river (27 suburbs in total) following the opening of the bridge in 2006.
The number of students living in southern suburbs like Rocklea, Sunnybank and Cannon Hill increased markedly. However traditional student areas in the northern suburbs like Toowong and Auchenflower suffered losses; although their accessibility didn't change because of the bridge, they now had to compete with “new” more affordable southern suburbs. (2)
The headline message from the Charles-Edwards et al study is that provision of good public transport infrastructure can lead to an extraordinarily large change in mode share. It's also a striking example of how public transport infrastructure influences where people and activities choose to locate.
Further, US transport consultant, Jarrett Walker, says it shows that it's not just rail that can shape the pattern “of real estate demand”; so can bus infrastructure (Brisbane: a city transformed by a bus link).
There are a couple of other important lessons from this project for public transport infrastructure planning.
One is that the success of public transport at UQ can't be readily extrapolated to all other situations; this is to some degree a special case. UQ is a huge travel generator and it's almost completely encircled by a wide river separating it from very desirable destinations a mere 200 metres away. This barrier wasn't breached until 2006. As Jarrett Walker points out, “the issue here was classic chokepoint geography”. (3)
The other lesson is that the high mode share won by public transport at UQ is in large measure because cars got no benefit from the bridge. Had the new bridge also catered for them, it's likely the change in mode share would've been very different. It reinforces the point that it's rarely enough just to provide good infrastructure for active modes; a key requirement for significantly increasing their mode share is making cars less competitive.
The Eleanor Schonell “green” bridge shows that public transport can win spectacularly if it's approached strategically. That's a positive and valuable message; but whether it's road, rail or bus, not all investments in transport infrastructure make good sense e.g. Melbourne's proposed East West Link motorway and Doncaster rail projects. (4)
_________________________
We have to be careful about the articles we publish on TDWTF. We have a responsibility to our submitters, to protect their identity and anonymize the details of their stories. We have a responsibility to our readers- mostly to be entertaining.
Last week's JSF–k story failed one of our readers. Poor Blazej didn't find it entertaining- it gave them upsetting flashbacks to their own experience with a similar event.
You see, Blazej was pitching in on a file uploading site, specifically meant to share videos. While they did some backend work, the front-end developers wanted to make sure that it was impossible to ever learn the actual URL of a video, to prevent people from downloading it. They wrote some JavaScript to obfuscate that URL, but that introduced a new problem: somebody could just read their JavaScript!
Using the same principles as JSF–k, but coupled with JavaScript's unicode support, they produced this:
ﾟωﾟﾉ= /｀ｍ´）ﾉ ~┻━┻ //*´∇｀*/ ['_']; o=(ﾟｰﾟ) =_=3; c=(ﾟΘﾟ) =(ﾟｰﾟ)-(ﾟｰﾟ); (ﾟДﾟ) =(ﾟΘﾟ)= (o^_^o)/ (o^_^o);(ﾟДﾟ)={ﾟΘﾟ: '_' ,ﾟωﾟﾉ : ((ﾟωﾟﾉ==3) +'_') [ﾟΘﾟ] ,ﾟｰﾟﾉ :(ﾟωﾟﾉ+ '_')[o^_^o -(ﾟΘﾟ)] ,ﾟДﾟﾉ:((ﾟｰﾟ==3) +'_')[ﾟｰﾟ] }; (ﾟДﾟ) [ﾟΘﾟ] =((ﾟωﾟﾉ==3) +'_') [c^_^o];(ﾟДﾟ) ['c'] = ((ﾟДﾟ)+'_') [ (ﾟｰﾟ)+(ﾟｰﾟ)-(ﾟΘﾟ) ];(ﾟДﾟ) ['o'] = ((ﾟДﾟ)+'_') [ﾟΘﾟ];(ﾟoﾟ)=(ﾟДﾟ) ['c']+(ﾟДﾟ) ['o']+(ﾟωﾟﾉ +'_')[ﾟΘﾟ]+ ((ﾟωﾟﾉ==3) +'_') [ﾟｰﾟ] + ((ﾟДﾟ) +'_') [(ﾟｰﾟ)+(ﾟｰﾟ)]+ ((ﾟｰﾟ==3) +'_') [ﾟΘﾟ]+((ﾟｰﾟ==3) +'_') [(ﾟｰﾟ) - (ﾟΘﾟ)]+(ﾟДﾟ) ['c']+((ﾟДﾟ)+'_') [(ﾟｰﾟ)+(ﾟｰﾟ)]+ (ﾟДﾟ) ['o']+((ﾟｰﾟ==3) +'_') [ﾟΘﾟ];(ﾟДﾟ) ['_'] =(o^_^o) [ﾟoﾟ] [ﾟoﾟ];(ﾟεﾟ)=((ﾟｰﾟ==3) +'_') [ﾟΘﾟ]+ (ﾟДﾟ) .ﾟДﾟﾉ+((ﾟДﾟ)+'_') [(ﾟｰﾟ) + (ﾟｰﾟ)]+((ﾟｰﾟ==3) +'_') [o^_^o -ﾟΘﾟ]+((ﾟｰﾟ==3) +'_') [ﾟΘﾟ]+ (ﾟωﾟﾉ +'_') [ﾟΘﾟ]; (ﾟｰﾟ)+=(ﾟΘﾟ); (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]='\\'; (ﾟДﾟ).ﾟΘﾟﾉ=(ﾟДﾟ+ ﾟｰﾟ)[o^_^o -(ﾟΘﾟ)];(oﾟｰﾟo)=(ﾟωﾟﾉ +'_')[c^_^o];(ﾟДﾟ) [ﾟoﾟ]='\"';(ﾟДﾟ) ['_'] ( (ﾟДﾟ) ['_'] (ﾟεﾟ+(ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟoﾟ]+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ ((o^_^o) +(o^_^o) +(c^_^o))+ ((ﾟｰﾟ) + (o^_^o))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ ((ﾟｰﾟ) + (ﾟΘﾟ))+ (+!+[])+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ ((ﾟｰﾟ) + (ﾟΘﾟ))+ ((o^_^o) +(o^_^o) +(c^_^o))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ (-~-~(!+[]+!+[]))+ (-~-~(!+[]+!+[]))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ ((ﾟｰﾟ) + (ﾟΘﾟ))+ ((ﾟｰﾟ) + (o^_^o))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ ((o^_^o) +(o^_^o) +(c^_^o))+ ((ﾟｰﾟ) + (o^_^o))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+((ﾟｰﾟ) + (ﾟΘﾟ))+ ((o^_^o) +(o^_^o) +(c^_^o))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ ((o^_^o) +(o^_^o) +(c^_^o))+ ((o^_^o) +(o^_^o) +(c^_^o))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ ((o^_^o) +(o^_^o) +(c^_^o))+ (!+[]+!+[])+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+((ﾟｰﾟ) + (o^_^o))+ ((ﾟｰﾟ) + (ﾟΘﾟ))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(-~-~(!+[]+!+[]))+ ((ﾟｰﾟ) + (o^_^o))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ ((ﾟｰﾟ) + (ﾟΘﾟ))+ ((c^_^o)+(c^_^o))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ ((o^_^o) +(o^_^o) +(c^_^o))+ (-~-~(!+[]+!+[]))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ ((o^_^o) +(o^_^o) +(c^_^o))+ (-~-~(!+[]+!+[]))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ ((o^_^o) +(o^_^o) +(c^_^o))+ ((c^_^o)+(c^_^o))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ ((o^_^o) +(o^_^o) +(c^_^o))+ (-~-~1)+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+((ﾟｰﾟ) + (o^_^o))+ (!+[]+!+[])+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+((ﾟｰﾟ) + (ﾟΘﾟ))+ ((ﾟｰﾟ) + (o^_^o))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+((ﾟｰﾟ) + (ﾟΘﾟ))+ ((ﾟｰﾟ) + (o^_^o))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ ((ﾟｰﾟ) + (ﾟΘﾟ))+ ((ﾟｰﾟ) + (o^_^o))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ ((o^_^o) +(o^_^o) +(c^_^o))+ ((c^_^o)+(c^_^o))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ (-~-~(!+[]+!+[]))+ ((ﾟｰﾟ) + (ﾟΘﾟ))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ ((ﾟｰﾟ) + (ﾟΘﾟ))+ ((o^_^o) +(o^_^o) +(c^_^o))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ ((ﾟｰﾟ) + (ﾟΘﾟ))+ (-~-~(!+[]+!+[]))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ ((ﾟｰﾟ) + (ﾟΘﾟ))+ ((ﾟｰﾟ) + (o^_^o))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ (-~-~(!+[]+!+[]))+ (+!+[])+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ (-~-~(!+[]+!+[]))+ (-~-~(!+[]+!+[]))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+((ﾟｰﾟ) + (ﾟΘﾟ))+ ((o^_^o) +(o^_^o) +(c^_^o))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ (-~-~(!+[]+!+[]))+ (-~-~1)+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ ((ﾟｰﾟ) + (ﾟΘﾟ))+ ((ﾟｰﾟ) + (o^_^o))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+((ﾟｰﾟ) + (ﾟΘﾟ))+ ((ﾟｰﾟ) + (o^_^o))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ ((o^_^o) +(o^_^o) +(c^_^o))+ (-~-~1)+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ ((o^_^o) +(o^_^o) +(c^_^o))+ (-~-~(!+[]+!+[]))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ ((o^_^o) +(o^_^o) +(c^_^o))+ (!+[]+!+[])+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ (-~-~(!+[]+!+[]))+ ((ﾟｰﾟ) + (ﾟΘﾟ))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ (-~-~(!+[]+!+[]))+ (+!+[])+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ ((ﾟｰﾟ) + (ﾟΘﾟ))+ ((ﾟｰﾟ) + (ﾟΘﾟ))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+((ﾟｰﾟ) + (ﾟΘﾟ))+ ((ﾟｰﾟ) + (o^_^o))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+((o^_^o) +(o^_^o) +(c^_^o))+ ((c^_^o)+(c^_^o))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ ((c^_^o)+(c^_^o))+ (+!+[])+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+((o^_^o) +(o^_^o) +(c^_^o))+ ((ﾟｰﾟ) + (o^_^o))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ ((o^_^o) +(o^_^o) +(c^_^o))+ (-~-~(!+[]+!+[]))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ (!+[]+!+[])+ (!+[]+!+[])+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+((o^_^o) +(o^_^o) +(c^_^o))+ (-~-~(!+[]+!+[]))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+((o^_^o) +(o^_^o) +(c^_^o))+ ((o^_^o) +(o^_^o) +(c^_^o))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ ((o^_^o) +(o^_^o) +(c^_^o))+ ((c^_^o)+(c^_^o))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ ((ﾟｰﾟ) + (o^_^o))+ ((c^_^o)+(c^_^o))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ ((o^_^o) +(o^_^o) +(c^_^o))+ ((o^_^o) +(o^_^o) +(c^_^o))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ ((c^_^o)+(c^_^o))+ (+!+[])+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ ((ﾟｰﾟ) + (o^_^o))+ ((o^_^o) +(o^_^o) +(c^_^o))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+((o^_^o) +(o^_^o) +(c^_^o))+ (+!+[])+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+((o^_^o) +(o^_^o) +(c^_^o))+ (-~-~(!+[]+!+[]))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+((o^_^o) +(o^_^o) +(c^_^o))+ ((ﾟｰﾟ) + (ﾟΘﾟ))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+((o^_^o) +(o^_^o) +(c^_^o))+ ((ﾟｰﾟ) + (o^_^o))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+((o^_^o) +(o^_^o) +(c^_^o))+ (!+[]+!+[])+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+((o^_^o) +(o^_^o) +(c^_^o))+ ((c^_^o)+(c^_^o))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+((o^_^o) +(o^_^o) +(c^_^o))+ ((ﾟｰﾟ) + (o^_^o))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+((o^_^o) +(o^_^o) +(c^_^o))+ ((o^_^o) +(o^_^o) +(c^_^o))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+((ﾟｰﾟ) + (o^_^o))+ (+!+[])+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+((ﾟｰﾟ) + (o^_^o))+ (+!+[])+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ ((ﾟｰﾟ) + (o^_^o))+ ((o^_^o) +(o^_^o) +(c^_^o))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+((ﾟｰﾟ) + (o^_^o))+ ((c^_^o)+(c^_^o))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+((o^_^o) +(o^_^o) +(c^_^o))+ (-~-~1)+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+((ﾟｰﾟ) + (ﾟΘﾟ))+ ((o^_^o) +(o^_^o) +(c^_^o))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+((o^_^o) +(o^_^o) +(c^_^o))+ (!+[]+!+[])+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+((o^_^o) +(o^_^o) +(c^_^o))+ (-~-~(!+[]+!+[]))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+((ﾟｰﾟ) + (o^_^o))+ ((c^_^o)+(c^_^o))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+((ﾟｰﾟ) + (ﾟΘﾟ))+ ((o^_^o) +(o^_^o) +(c^_^o))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+((o^_^o) +(o^_^o) +(c^_^o))+ ((c^_^o)+(c^_^o))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+((ﾟｰﾟ) + (ﾟΘﾟ))+ ((o^_^o) +(o^_^o) +(c^_^o))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+((o^_^o) +(o^_^o) +(c^_^o))+ ((c^_^o)+(c^_^o))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ ((ﾟｰﾟ) + (o^_^o))+ ((o^_^o) +(o^_^o) +(c^_^o))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ ((ﾟｰﾟ) + (ﾟΘﾟ))+ (+!+[])+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ (-~-~(!+[]+!+[]))+ (-~-~1)+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ (!+[]+!+[])+ (+!+[])+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ ((ﾟｰﾟ) + (ﾟΘﾟ))+ ((c^_^o)+(c^_^o))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ (-~-~(!+[]+!+[]))+ (!+[]+!+[])+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ (!+[]+!+[])+ ((ﾟｰﾟ) + (o^_^o))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ ((ﾟｰﾟ) + (ﾟΘﾟ))+ (+!+[])+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ (+!+[])+ ((ﾟｰﾟ) + (o^_^o))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+((ﾟｰﾟ) + (o^_^o))+ ((ﾟｰﾟ) + (o^_^o))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ ((ﾟｰﾟ) + (ﾟΘﾟ))+ ((ﾟｰﾟ) + (ﾟΘﾟ))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ ((ﾟｰﾟ) + (ﾟΘﾟ))+ (+!+[])+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ ((ﾟｰﾟ) + (ﾟΘﾟ))+ ((ﾟｰﾟ) + (ﾟΘﾟ))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ (-~-~(!+[]+!+[]))+ ((ﾟｰﾟ) + (ﾟΘﾟ))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+((ﾟｰﾟ) + (o^_^o))+ ((ﾟｰﾟ) + (ﾟΘﾟ))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ ((o^_^o) +(o^_^o) +(c^_^o))+ (-~-~(!+[]+!+[]))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ ((o^_^o) +(o^_^o) +(c^_^o))+ (!+[]+!+[])+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ ((o^_^o) +(o^_^o) +(c^_^o))+ ((ﾟｰﾟ) + (ﾟΘﾟ))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ (-~-~(!+[]+!+[]))+ ((ﾟｰﾟ) + (ﾟΘﾟ))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(-~-~(!+[]+!+[]))+ ((ﾟｰﾟ) + (o^_^o))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+((ﾟｰﾟ) + (o^_^o))+ (-~-~1)+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ ((o^_^o) +(o^_^o) +(c^_^o))+ ((ﾟｰﾟ) + (o^_^o))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ ((ﾟｰﾟ) + (ﾟΘﾟ))+ (+!+[])+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ ((ﾟｰﾟ) + (ﾟΘﾟ))+ ((o^_^o) +(o^_^o) +(c^_^o))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ (-~-~(!+[]+!+[]))+ (-~-~(!+[]+!+[]))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ ((ﾟｰﾟ) + (ﾟΘﾟ))+ ((ﾟｰﾟ) + (o^_^o))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ ((o^_^o) +(o^_^o) +(c^_^o))+ ((ﾟｰﾟ) + (o^_^o))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+((ﾟｰﾟ) + (ﾟΘﾟ))+ ((o^_^o) +(o^_^o) +(c^_^o))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ ((o^_^o) +(o^_^o) +(c^_^o))+ ((o^_^o) +(o^_^o) +(c^_^o))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ ((o^_^o) +(o^_^o) +(c^_^o))+ (-~-~(!+[]+!+[]))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+((ﾟｰﾟ) + (o^_^o))+ ((ﾟｰﾟ) + (ﾟΘﾟ))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(-~-~(!+[]+!+[]))+ ((ﾟｰﾟ) + (o^_^o))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ ((o^_^o) +(o^_^o) +(c^_^o))+ ((o^_^o) +(o^_^o) +(c^_^o))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ ((ﾟｰﾟ) + (ﾟΘﾟ))+ (+!+[])+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ (-~-~(!+[]+!+[]))+ (-~-~(!+[]+!+[]))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ (-~-~(!+[]+!+[]))+ ((ﾟｰﾟ) + (ﾟΘﾟ))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ ((ﾟｰﾟ) + (ﾟΘﾟ))+ ((ﾟｰﾟ) + (o^_^o))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+((ﾟｰﾟ) + (ﾟΘﾟ))+ ((ﾟｰﾟ) + (o^_^o))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ ((ﾟｰﾟ) + (ﾟΘﾟ))+ ((ﾟｰﾟ) + (ﾟΘﾟ))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(+!+[])+ ((o^_^o) +(o^_^o) +(c^_^o))+ ((c^_^o)+(c^_^o))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+((o^_^o) +(o^_^o) +(c^_^o))+ (-~-~(!+[]+!+[]))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(-~-~(!+[]+!+[]))+ ((ﾟｰﾟ) + (o^_^o))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+(-~-~(!+[]+!+[]))+ ((c^_^o)+(c^_^o))+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟεﾟ]+((ﾟｰﾟ) + (o^_^o))+ (-~-~1)+ (ﾟДﾟ)[ﾟoﾟ]) (ﾟΘﾟ)) ('_');
My feelings on this? (⊙…⊙ )
My gratitude to the stalwarts at Right Wing Watch for watching nearly two hours of Phyllis Schlafly's seminar earlier this month at The Citadel. They had some interesting things to say about feminism.
In the World According to Schlafly, the word "liberal is a pejorative now since Michael Dukakis...no politician wants to be called a liberal anymore" and because it's a pejorative, Schlafly thinks "that's the way we should treat feminism." They go on to say women don't want to be called feminists because it's a bad word, and that "everything they stand for is bad and destructive."
I admit, I'm confused by this, especially since the right wing has been trying to hijack the term feminist for the past several years, courtesy of Sarah Palin. As far as our badness and destructiveness, I guess it's bad and destructive to work to take care of our kids so we're not at the mercy of the welfare state? Let's see. They truly believe "America is a giant island of freedom, achievement, wealth and prosperity", too. I guess for them that means freedom, achievement, wealth and prosperity for men and men only?
But wait, according to Phyl, "American women are the most fortunate people who lived on this earth" and feminists just want to be victims.
Are you facepalming yet? Wait till you get to the part where they hypothesize about a man and a woman competing for the same high-paying job, and the woman being at a disadvantage because the man has a WIFE, something the woman is "insanely jealous of", so they want to "abolish the wife of the man" because they can't have a wife of their own.
The funniest part about it might be the bored, barely-stifled looks of amusement on the cadets' faces when the camera cuts away from Woman Wingnut long enough to pan the room.
Schlafly seems to be fighting a battle that is already lost at that particular location, or maybe someone forgot to tell them that in 1995 Shannon Faulkner fought for the right to attend that institution and won, opening it up to women after 200-plus years of having the door shut in their faces.
That horse left the barn and ran far away long ago, but Schlafly is undeterred, admonishing the young cadets to never, ever date a feminist, no matter how pretty they are. They also offered up the Instant Feminist Determination Test: Just ask that pretty girl how they feel about Phyllis Schlafly, and they'll know if she's a feminist or not.
I have to believe the answer to that question in most cases would be "Phyllis Who?" As much as I'd like to ignore them entirely, I also know they still have an enormous amount of influence with the right-wing religious organizations who are pushing things like transvaginal ultrasounds and rekindling the mommy wars, but I can't imagine anyone under the age of 50 knowing who they are, much less what they preach. Except for those bemused young men at the Citadel, anyway.
ADEN // One of the leading figures of Al Qaeda in the Araban Peninsula (AQAP) surrendered to Yemeni security forces on Thursday morning.
Aden police spokesperson Abdurrahman Al Naqeeb said Taher Tammah gave themselves up to security forces in the southern province of Lahj.
“Tammah surrendered to the leader of the emergency forces in Lahj province, Moneer Al Yafei, and [Mr Al Yafei] brought Tammah to the coalition forces in Aden,” said Mr Naqeeb, referring to the Saudi-led coalition that is fighting on the side of the government in Yemen's civil war.
Tammah is considered to be one of the most dangerous leaders of AQAP in Lahj's Yafe and Radfan districts and was sought by the security forces for the “chaos” they unleashed in the province – including helping AQAP to overtake Al Hawta, the capital of Lahj, in January.
On Wednesday, antiterrorism forces stormed the Aden home of ISIL's military commander in Yemen, Ridhwan Qanan, and seized a large cache of weapons and explosives. Qanan was not at home when they entered and there are rumours, reported by local websites, that they are already dead after being killed in an air strike in April.
The raid, which was carried out in cooperation with coalition forces and the Aden police, was one of a series targeting known ISIL bases where arms and bomb-making equipment are stored.
Ridhwan Qanan is considered to be one of the most important ISIL players in Yemen. In the past, they have moved between Lahj and Abyan as well as Aden but has more recently been in the southern port city.
Aden police spokesperson Mr Al Naqeeb said security forces had discovered a large hoard of weaponry, including TNT, explosive belts, remote-controlled explosive devices and a range of missiles and firearms.
The raid was the result of several days of intelligence gathering and investigation, Mr Al Naqeeb told The National.
Both ISIL and AQAP have exploited the civil war in Yemen between forces loyal to the internationally-recognised government and the Shiite Houthi rebels. Between April and June of last year, both groups began to expand their activities and influence to the country's southern provinces, which are broadly loyal to president Abdrabu Mansur Hadi. In the June they began to target Yemeni officials and forces from the Saudi-led coalition, which also includes the UAE.
Mr Al Naqeeb said security had been stepped up in Aden in recent days following the return to the city of government ministers from exile and the announcement concerning the forthcoming relocation of Yemen's central bank from the capital, Sanaa, which is under Houthi control.
“The security forces in Aden have intensified activity during the last few days, and will continue to chase the extremists in the province and the surrounding provinces,” they said.
ISIL and AQAP are rivals in southern Yemen and the security authorities, with coalition help, are determined to clear them both out in preparation for the government resuming office in Aden as the temporary capital.
foreign.desk@thenational.ae
Right-wing extremists have a new way to foist their repulsive beliefs on us. After suffering a humiliating defeat in the Supreme Court in their battle against same-sex marriage, they have hit upon a formula designed to lure gullible Americans into believing that transgender people are sexual predators lurking in restrooms, eager to prey on the opposite sex. They have declared their first victory in North Carolina, where a wide-ranging so-called bathroom bill, HB2, was passed by the Republican-dominated Legislature during a special session and speedily signed into law by Republican Gov. Pat McCrory.
The innocuously named Public Facilities Privacy and Security Act blatantly overrides protections against transgender discrimination (and other forms) in cities and municipalities in North Carolina — specifically, the protections offered by a newly passed ordinance in the city of Charlotte that was to take effect Friday. The state bill is primarily designed to force transgender people to use public restrooms that match the gender on their birth certificates rather than their gender identity.
So far more than 20 states are considering variations of such bills. Among them is Michigan, which, one might imagine, has more urgent things to worry about (such as Flint's poisoned water), and Kansas, which has gone further than others by adding a clause that would offer a $2,500 bounty to those who catch transgender people in prohibited restrooms. Mississippi even includes a section allowing homophobes to dictate how people can dress.
In an interview on “Rising Up With Sonali,” Mara Keisling, executive director of the National Center for Transgender Equality, explained to me that this wave of “bathroom bills” can be traced to the fact that “a lot of the right-wing extremist groups that were fighting marriage equality lost. And they have to continue to prove their relevance.” They added, “I think they thought transgender people were an easy target who nobody would stand up for.”
The history of restrooms and who gets to use them is fraught with controversy in the United States. It was not too long ago when black and brown Americans were forced to use separate facilities from whites. The idea that white Americans might be sullied if they came into contact with people of color during their most private moments offers a parallel to today's fear-mongering against transgender people. “They're trying to paint us as sexual predators,” said Keisling. They cited the familiar trope: “The ‘other' is coming for your women and children,” which is often employed by those in power to rally support. “Donald Trump saying that Mexican immigrants are rapists is part of that horrid tradition,” they said.
Restrooms are touchy terrain in general. But for transgender people, according to Keisling, they are even more complicated, because “most people don't understand what public restrooms mean for us. It isn't just about convenience or even safety.” If a trans woman is not allowed to use a women's restroom, they are essentially being told that their only option is to use the men's restroom. But they can't do that, because no woman, trans or otherwise, would feel comfortable in a men's restroom. By using the men's restroom, they would make everyone around them uncomfortable — and worse, they would jeopardize their own safety, given the level of violence aimed at transgender people. Ultimately it would mean they couldn't use a restroom at work or school. In other words, they would become a second-class citizen, whose only option would be to limit their lifestyle. In a very concrete way, these “bathroom bills” dehumanize transgender people.
Most of the bills are aimed at public restrooms, affecting public schools and in turn hurting the most vulnerable among us: transgender children. “We hear about kids who won't drink any fluids in the morning or all throughout the day because they don't want to have to maybe use the bathroom at school,” Keisling said.
Already, transgender people are among the most marginalized in our society. It is estimated that one-third of 1 percent of Americans identify as transgender. A whopping 41 percent of them has attempted suicide. Also, transgender Americans are often the victims of violence. The year 2015 saw a sharp increase in the number of transgender homicides, leading some members of Congress to declare that there is an “epidemic of violence” against the community. Just days ago, a transgender woman on Los Angeles' Skid Row, Kourtney Yochum, was fatally gunned down, allegedly by their former lover.
Other socio-economic indicators also point to a depressing reality. Poverty and homelessness are rampant among transgender Americans — Caitlyn Jenner is hardly representative of most members of the community in terms of wealth and stability. Transgender people also face disproportionate discrimination in access to housing, health care and employment.
For right-wing politicians to take such overt aim at a community that our society has so deeply failed is criminal. “Bathroom bills” would exacerbate the hostility that many transgender people already face. They would foster the general public's impressions of criminal behavior by transgender people in restrooms. Keisling related a story of a friend who Googled incidents of transgender people preying on others in restrooms and only found “three Republican legislators who had been arrested for doing bad things in a bathroom.” Among them was former Republican Sen. Larry Craig, who was once arrested on charges of “engaging in lewd conduct” in a restroom. (Craig later pleaded guilty to a lesser charge.) Meanwhile, one report concluded that there are no known cases of transgender people assaulting others in a restroom.
In 2010, Max Blumenthal's best-selling book “Republican Gomorrah” detailed a “bestiary of dysfunction, scandal, and crime from the heart of the movement that runs the Republican Party.” Some in that movement are now taking aim at transgender people. Perhaps they are projecting their own ugly thoughts of debauchery onto transgender people. Mike Huckabee, who dropped out of the current Republican presidential race, said in 2015 at a religious convention, “Now I wish that someone told me that when I was in high school that I could have felt like a woman when it came time to take showers in PE. I'm pretty sure that I would have found my feminine side and said, ‘Coach, I think I'd rather shower with the girls today.' “
What is truly frightening is that the “bathroom bills” are creating a dangerous myth with no basis in reality, and some Americans are actually buying into the fear. Keisling shared that in North Carolina they met people who “really were convinced that the Charlotte City Council passed a law making it legal for male rapists to go into the women's room and rape people.” One woman who testified at a hearing on such a bill in Maryland in 2014 said, “I don't want men who think they are women in my bathrooms.” A 2014 poll found that a majority of Americans think transgender people should use restrooms corresponding with their biological sex at birth.
Republicans are obviously feeding on the public's pervasive ignorance for political gains. Keisling cited the dismal fact that “only 20 percent of Americans actually know someone who is transgender.” It is harder to dehumanize people we know and whose humanity we face directly. As the marriage equality movement has shown, attitudes can and do change through concerted public awareness campaigns, and that kind of thing is desperately needed to protect the rights of transgender people.
Thankfully so far, the only state to legalize discrimination against transgender people by passing a “bathroom bill” is North Carolina. And that state is now facing an intense backlash from big business, including American Airlines (which has a major hub in Charlotte), Apple, Dow Chemical, PayPal and others. The state's “single largest economic event,” an annual furniture expo, is threatened with failure because of massive cancellations prompted by the law. The state's attorney general, Roy Cooper, called HB2 “an embarrassment” and has said they will refuse to defend it against legal challenges. Two transgender men have already filed a lawsuit against it. If North Carolina's law is vociferously denounced and eventually overturned, it will send a strong message to other states that “bathroom bills” can be assumed dead on arrival in state legislatures.
Ultimately this struggle isn't over bathrooms. It is over who gets to enjoy their constitutionally protected rights and be considered fully human.
CLOSE Thousands of foreign tourists flooded into Israel this week to take part in a week of gay pride activities ranging from cultural events to all-night parties. Wochit
An Israeli with a rainbow-colored flag draped around their shoulders attends the annual gay pride parade in the Israeli coastal city of Tel Aviv on June 12, 2015. (Photo11: Gil Cohen-Magen, AFP/Getty Images)
TEL AVIV — A half dozen babies sat or crawled on a soft blanket in a Tel Aviv park Friday as their fathers, gay men from around Israel, discussed juggling work and fatherhood, the introduction of solid foods and diaper rash.
A year and a half ago the men met in Thailand, where the surrogate mothers they had hired to have their babies were undergoing fertility treatments.
Friday's reunion, which took place in the heart of the city a couple of hours before the start of this year's massive gay pride parade in Tel Aviv, was a reminder of the extraordinary acceptance many LGBT Israelis enjoy, as well as the legal limitations.
Thousands of foreign tourists flooded into Israel this week to take part in a week of gay pride activities ranging from cultural events to all-night parties. Several LGBT publications and mainstream magazines have called Tel Aviv a top destination for LGBT travel thanks to its anything-goes atmosphere, great weather and white sandy beaches.
"If you put aside the geopolitical circumstances and look at only the circumstances affecting gay families in Israel, this is a pretty good place, especially Tel Aviv," said Liad Ortar, 40, who along with their husband, Ofer, is the father of 9-month-old twins conceived in Thailand.
Israeli participants dance in the streets during the annual gay pride parade in the Israeli coastal city of Tel Aviv on June 12, 2015. (Photo11: Gil Cohen-Magen, AFP/Getty Images)
Cradling their daughter Maya in their arms as their son, Ohad, played on the blanket, Ortar said there are some Tel Aviv neighborhoods with as many gay parents as straight ones.
But Israeli law — dictated by Orthodox norms when it comes to life events like marriage and divorce — doesn't recognize same-sex marriages performed in Israel and only allows heterosexual couples to enter into an Israel-based surrogacy arrangement to conceive a child.
"We hope our community will eventually be able to change the law, which also discriminates against single people, whether gay or straight. In the meantime we wanted to bring children into the world so we went overseas," Ortar said.
LGBT activists say Israel, which ended its ban on same-sex relations in 1988 and introduced laws against discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation in 1992, is by far the most progressive country in the Middle East and ahead of the U.S. in some instances.
Elisha Alexander, the transgender founder and director of Maavarim (Passages), an organization helping the community fight discrimination, said government-funded universal health insurance now covers almost all transgender surgeries and hormone treatments. A court ruling earlier this week means Israel's strong workplace discrimination laws related to gender and sexual orientation now cover transgender employees as well.
The Israeli military accepts openly gay and lesbian soldiers and — due to the large number of gay men who opt for fatherhood — recently introduced a mechanism to ensure that gay couples do not have to perform mandatory annual reserve duty at the same time.
People participate in the annual Gay Pride Parade in Tel Aviv, Israel, on June 12, 2015. (Photo11: Ariel Schalit, AP)
Although the government doesn't recognize same-sex marriages performed in Israel, it provides the same socio-economic benefits to heterosexual and same-sex couples who register as partners. Same-sex couples can also jointly adopt a child.
Alexander said that marriage limitations "aren't only an LGBT issue. There is no civil marriage in Israel," a fact that prevents marriages of people from mixed faiths as well as the recognition of non-Orthodox Jewish marriages.
Some LGBT Israelis are angered when Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and other Israeli officials boast about the nation's relative open-mindedness.
In the Hebrew newspaper Haaretz, Aeyal Gross, an associate law professor at Tel Aviv University and co-founder of the university's LGBT and Queer Studies Forum, accused Netanyahu of touting Israel's gay rights record to deflect from its treatment of the Palestinians.
In 2010, after a flotilla incident that left several activists dead aboard a Gaza-bound ship, Netanyahu urged peace activists to "go to the places where they oppress women. Go to the places where they hang homosexuals ... Go to Tehran. Go to Gaza ... Anyone for whom human rights are truly important needs to support liberal democratic Israel."
Such statements seek to "brand Israel as a liberal democracy" even though it violates human rights in some areas, Gross wrote.
Back in downtown Tel Aviv ahead of the gay pride parade Friday, residents put aside their differences for a few hours and celebrated their commonality as they shopped in the dozens of booths selling rainbow-colored flip-flops, hairbands, capes and yarmulkes.
Rona Honigsberg, 29, and their wife, Hadar Keshet, 28, bemoaned the fact that their wedding ceremony, held under a Jewish canopy a year ago, isn't recognized as a marriage by the state. "It's the principle that bothers me," Keshet said, noting that as soon as they file for common-law partner status they will be eligible for joint benefits.
Ami Pomerantz, 42, an Orthodox Jewish gay man who got divorced from their wife five years ago, said attitudes in Israeli society have come a long way since they felt compelled to marry a woman and start a family 15 years ago.
Sporting a yarmulke and a rainbow-colored cape, Pomeranz said that in the religious community in which they were raised, "the message was that there are no gays in our community and that if you thought you were gay, those feelings will disappear the moment you get married."
These days, Pomerantz, who sees their five children several times a week, said the situation is much improved.
"There is a constant conversation about gay people in the religious community, and religious teens can find info and people to talk to," they said. "Things are progressing."
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1SbolwV
President Barack Obama set the all-time record in November 2016 for the number of regulatory pages in the Federal Register at 81,640 pages, but in the last month they have pushed that record up by over 12 percent to 91,642 pages.
The Federal Register as the official journal of the federal government of the United States and contains government agency rules, proposed rules, and public notices.
When Barack Obama was sworn in as the 44th President of the United States in January 2009, the Federal Register stood at a record 79,435 pages, according to the Foundation for Economic Education. The Federal Register grew slowly to 80,250 pages over the next seven years, and then a little faster to 81,640 pages in early November 2016. Obama grew the Federal Register by less than three percent in 7.8 years, but the bureaucratic regulatory machine has gone ballistic over the last six weeks.
Breitbart News reported in May that a study that found increased “regulatory drag” had not only eliminated about a third of U.S. economic growth since 1980, but it also explained why the top “one percent's inflation-adjusted share of income has tripled, while the middle class has lost income,” according to the Mercatus Center at George Mason University.
Mercatus researchers documented that the annual cost to the U.S. Gross Domestic Product for regulatory expansion since 1980 has averaged a negative -0.8 percent per year. On a per capita basis, that almost equaled the entire one percent slowdown for average annual economic growth in the period since 1980.
Increased “regulatory drag” also explained why income inequality that shrank dramatically from 1946 to 1980, as the 60 percent of Americans who called themselves “middle class” saw wages grow by two percent faster than inflation, has since bolted higher as the top one percent's share of all income jumped from 22 to 35 percent.
President Franklin D. Roosevelt consolidated the first 161 volumes of U.S. regulations into the Code of Federal Regulations in 1935. Referred to as the Federal Registry, the Code was only 18,193 pages long when it was first published in 1938.
President Harry S. Truman began deregulating the economy in 1950 by cutting the number of pages in the Registry from 23,454 to 9,745 pages. Many economists credit Truman's action of getting government “out of the way” of the economy as launching a three-decade boom.
The Federal Registry grew slowly over the next 26 years. But it ballooned by over 40 percent to 173,258 pages during the Carter Administration. Before Obama, Jimmy Carter held the one-year record by adding 11,889 pages in 1980, in what was characterized as an effort to restrain incoming Republican President Ronald Reagan's economic initiatives.
Carter also issued “Executive Order 12044 – Improving Government Regulations” in 1978 to drastically increase the reach of the federal government into the daily lives of its citizens. Although the EO states, “SECTION 1. Policy. Regulations shall be as simple and clear as possible. They shall achieve legislative goals effectively and efficiently,” the language became a hunting license for powerful bureaucrats to further politicize and expand the scope and reach of congressional legislation under “goal setting.”
In the run-up to this year's elections, the National Association of Manufacturers (NAM) detailed the disproportionately negative impact regulations have on smaller businesses. Although the average cost per employee to comply with federal regulations is advertised as $19,564, it is only $13,750 for large companies with over 100 employees, $18,243 for companies with 50 to 99 employees, and $34,671 for firms with fewer than 50 employees.
NAM wrote that given that almost all the employment gains each year are created by small business, this explained why the inflation-adjusted hourly wage for middle class workers peaked at $21.60 in 1978 and is still down after 38 years at $21.45 today.
Just as Democrat President Carter spiked regulations just before Republican Ronald Reagan took the oath of office in 1981, President Obama has taken actions that may restrain how fast President-elect Trump came implement their economic agenda.
Image copyright Kings
A blood sugar monitor that can stay in the body for up to five months is being tested on NHS patients.
It is hoped the device, which continuously monitors the blood and beams the information to a smartphone, will help control type 1 diabetes.
Patients in London, Cambridge and Swansea are taking part in the trial to assess the safety and accuracy of the monitor.
Current blood-sugar sensors need to be replaced every week.
'Tightrope'
People with type 1 diabetes have to prick their finger regularly to test sugar levels, calculate the amount of carbohydrate in their meals, and use this information to inject themselves with the right amount of insulin.
If levels are too high, there may be damage to the body's organs, but if levels fall too low, it can be fatal.
Dr Pratik Choudhary, a consultant at King's College Hospital and a lecturer at King's College London, told the BBC News website: "Living with type 1 diabetes is a bit like being a blind tightrope-walker.
"You're on this tightrope between high and low blood glucose levels and you're only allowed to open your blindfold four or five times a day.
"Continuous glucose monitoring allows you to open your eyes and see where you're going."
The monitor, built by US company Senseonics, is implanted under the skin in the upper arm.
A fluorescent light shines on to blood vessels and the amount of light reflected back is used to calculate the blood sugar levels, which are sent to a smartphone.
Image copyright Kings
Gwenllian Davies, a 40-year-old classical musician, was diagnosed with type 1 diabetes when they were 17 and is taking part in the trial.
They said: "It basically controls me. When you're first diagnosed, you get the rosy message that you can control it, but actually it's really hard."
When their blood sugar levels dropped to dangerous levels they used to "start to feel a bit shaky, get blurred vision, tingling in the lips, sweating and feeling sick".
They took part in the trial because, they said: "I've lost my hypo awareness, I have to test really often as I just don't know when I'm going low - that's the main problem."
They said using a continuous glucose monitor had been "very reassuring".
New NHS rules from the National Institute of Health and Care Excellence, say continuous monitors should be offered to people with "complete loss of awareness of hypoglycaemia".
Dr Choudhary added: "Knowing what your blood sugar is all the time means you can get better control.
"All the sensors on the market at the moment last a week and you have to take it out and change it. This sensor last three to five months."
Aaron Kowalski, from the type 1 diabetes charity JDRF, uses a continuous glucose monitor that needs replacing every week.
They commented: "One of the things that's important is the proper balance between glucose control - the crux of diabetes - and the cost of wearing a continuous glucose monitor.
"There's an economic cost, but also to your life. Body image is a real issue particularly in adolescent teenagers and young adults, as they don't want to highlight the fact they have a chronic illness."
In communist Russia of the 1950s, members of a provocative subculture put their own original twist on street style.
Labeled “Stilyaga” or “Stilyagi” (plural) by disapproving outsiders – a name that literally translates to stylehunter – a group of dandy youngsters dressed up in colorful American-inspired get ups to meet on Leningrad and Moscow's main streets, which they personally referred to as “Broadway.”
Stilyagi were a stylish bunch, unafraid to make a bold fashion statement. They drew heavily on Western and American culture for inspiration, which translated into a preference for very particular fashion items.
Boys could be found wearing zoot suits or fitted pants and shirts, flashy ties and shoes with thick soles that were originally worn by Russian factory workers. The girls wore fifties-American inspired dresses, pantsuits and high hairstyles, often accompanied by bright red lips: think the first three seasons of Mad Men. Stilyagi were also all about accessories: statement necklaces for the girls, statement ties for the boys. Some Stilyagi combined their love of fashion and America by rocking socks with the American flag.
Of course this open idolization of America stood in stark contrast with the communist regime that ruled in fifties' Russia. Individualism and consumerism were a no-go and the ideal citizen contributed to his/her society without standing out. The ideal citizen definitely did not go against the anti-Western propaganda. And youth in particular was to uphold Russia's future.
Even though the Stilyaga subculture went directly against communist ideology, members' motives were generally non-political. A more escapist subculture than a group of cultural protesters, Stilyagi created their own colorful world within a restrictive egalitarian regime. By dressing up and engaging in their own forms of entertainment and social activities, they were able to escape – at least temporarily – the harsh realities of a country scarred by two World Wars and ruled by a dictator.
It's not surprising that young Stilyagi tried to find original ways to express themselves. Russia's post-war generation grew up with more wealth and freedom than their parents, but there weren't many opportunities to enjoy that freedom. Most theaters and youth centers had been destroyed or repurposed as military bases, and access to most forms of entertainment was limited.
Moreover, communist ideology left little room for expressing individualism. The Soviet youth was encouraged to join Komsomol, the (not so fashion forward) youth division of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union (pictured below), but not every young Russian had such political aspirations.
Despite a ban on Western culture introduced by Stalin, Stilyagi did have some access to American magazines, records and movies had found their way into Russian hands during the war. Moreover, Stalin had a personal love for American B-movies, which they occasionally allowed their people to enjoy as well. Their favorite movie is rumored to have been Each Dawn I Die with James Cagney, but they also had a weakness for It Happened One Night with Clark Gable and Claudette Colbert and Tarzan movies.
This limited access to American culture had some unique effects the subculture's conventions. For example, many Stilyaga boys wore their hair in a wild hairstyle inspired by the haircut of Johnny Weismuller in the 1932 production of Tarzan. Stilyagi also liked to demonstratively chew gum, like James Cagney did in their movies. And if gum wasn't available, a piece of paraffin wax would do just fine. After all, it was all about looking cool, not about having minty fresh breath.
Although Western items were not readily available, Stilyagi were creative enough to make due with what they had. Many of them made their own clothes and accessories. Some Stilyagi even made their own jazz instruments, or turned acoustic guitars into electric ones.
Besides fashion and hairstyles, the Stilyaga subculture also revolved around music. Stilyagi mostly listened to jazz and swing music, but their favorite song was the “Chattanooga Choocho” from the soundtrack of Sun Dance Valley Serenade – one of the few American records available.
To solve the limited availability of musical records, Stilyagi developed an ingenious way of transferring existing records onto plastic sheets also used to make X-Ray's. The illegal copies therefor often had prints of skulls, broken arms, legs and ribs on them and were, quite appropriately, nicknamed bones.
Despite the fact that the Stilyaga subculture was highly provocative, members did not engage in any activities that were officially illegal. Dressing up and meeting up was originally allowed by law. To solve this problem, authorities opened a slandering campaign to shame Stilyagi into reform by casting them as “enemies of society.”
Unfortunately for the authorities, the derogatory term of “stylehunter,” as well as the slogan “Today they dance jazz, but tomorrow they will sell their homeland,” were appropriated by Stilyagi as trademarks.
Some police officers went another route and publicly ridiculed Stilyagi by cutting their hair and clothes on the street.
If Google Translate hasn't failed me, this is anti-stilyaga propoganda
This headline translates to “Today they dance jazz, tomorrow they will sell their homeland.”
As Russia became less tolerant of pro-Western behavior during the fifties, some popular Stilyaga activities became illegal and the subculture was forced to move more underground. For example, making bones could land you in prison or work camp for up to five years. A ban on jazz music meant that dance parties and jazz concerts had to be organized in secret, perhaps fittingly in a similar fashion to the American speakeasies of the 1920s.
(c) Radikal.ru
During the sixties, when Russia became more lenient towards outside cultures, the Stilyaga subculture slowly disappeared. Many former Stilyagi went on to become successful directors, artists and musicians.
Interested in seeing what life as a Stilyagi was like? There's a Russian musical movie Stilyagi (available for viewing on youtube with subtitles) featuring original songs and covers of Russian and Soviet era rock. Yes, there was Soviet rock music. Here is a scene in which one of the lead characters seeks out one of the Stilyagi in order to teach them how to dance…
Archive image sources 1, 2, 3
About this Contributor
Inge Oosterhoff is a Dutch graduate of North American Studies, currently living in the Netherlands. With a love for the odd and the unexpected they are on a never-ending search for new stories, new people and the very best coffee in the world.
You can connect with Inge through their Linkedin profile, Twitter or Tumblr.
French President Nicolas Sarkozy has angrily dismissed allegations that they received 50 million euros from former Libyan strongman Muammar Gaddafi. Once again, the man in the middle appears to be Franco-Lebanese business person Ziad Takieddine.
ADVERTISING Read more
They have been witness to some of France's darkest secrets, a Franco-Lebanese business person who has been implicated in some of the nation's biggest arms scandals. But Ziad Takieddine has always maintained that he's more comfortable in the background than on center-stage.
The spotlight though has a way of singling out the 61-year-old business person who has been a middle-man in a number of arms and oil contracts between France and several Middle East nations.
The latest scandal surrounds Takieddine's alleged role in a reported transfer of 50 million euros from former Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi's regime to French President Nicolas Sarkozy's 2007 election campaign.
In an article published Monday, French investigative news site Mediapart alleged that Takieddine, who organized Sarkozy's visits to Libya in 2005 and 2007, was the middleman in the murky deal.
But in an interview with FRANCE 24 Monday night, Takieddine vehemently denied the report, dismissing it as “lies” before adding, “none of this happened. There was not one bit of any finance from Libya to France or from Gaddafi to Sarkozy – nothing.”
For many French people, the latest allegation has a familiar ring.
In March 2011, as Sarkozy was spearheading an international campaign to impose a no-fly zone over uprising-hit Libya, Gaddafi's eldest son, Saif al-Islam Gaddafi told Euronews TV that their father had financed Sarkozy's 2007 election campaign. “He's disappointed us,” said Saif al-Islam before declaring, “Give us back our money.”
The allegation was not taken seriously at that time given the source and the circumstances surrounding the quote.
But when it resurfaced this week, Sarkozy – like Takieddine – vehemently denied the accusation.
In an interview with French TV station TF1 Monday night, Sarkozy said, “It's grotesque and I am sorry that I am being interrogated about declarations of Gaddafi or their son on an important channel like TF1.”
The visibly irate French president then went on to add: “Gaddafi, who is known for talking nonsense, even said that there were cheques. Well then the son should just go ahead and produce them.”
The Libyan leader was killed in October 2011 and their eldest son is currently being held by a rebel militia group in Libya.
According to the French National Commission for Campaign Accounts and Political Funding, Sarkozy's 2007 presidential campaign bill was just under 22 million euros, a figure that has prompted questions about the veracity of Gaddafi's alleged 50 million euro payment to Sarkozy's campaign.
In their interview with FRANCE 24, Takieddine blasted the Mediapart site as “the biggest liars that could possibly exist in all civilisation”.
Friends in high places, services for France
Takieddine was in the FRANCE 24 studios to talk about their recently published book, “L'ami encombrant” which in English means, “The troublesome friend”.
Published just two months ahead of the French presidential election, the book features Takieddine's accounts of the close links they forged with leading French politicians and officials and the “services” they have performed for France.
In the book, Takieddine discusses their involvement in the high-profile 2007 release of Bulgarian nurses detained in Libya. Sarkozy played a pivotal role in negotiating the release of the five Bulgarian nurses and one Palestinian medic who Gaddafi accused of deliberately infecting Libyan children with HIV.
In their interview with FRANCE 24, Takieddine said the original plan they worked on went awry when the Gaddafi regime at the last minute demanded a 135 million euro payment to a victims relief fund set up by the Libyan strongman. “This was at the last minute and France didn't want it because there was already an agreement,” explained Takieddine.
In the end, the issue was resolved when the Qatari government finally guaranteed a 300 million euro payment to the “greedy Libyans,” said Takieddine.
The ‘Karachigate' plot thickens
For many French readers, Takieddine's account of their involvement – or lack thereof – in what has come to be called the “Karachigate” scandal will be of special interest ahead of the 2012 presidential election.
A complicated plot involving the 2002 killing of 14 people including 11 French engineers in the Pakistani city of Karachi, which involves defence sales, kickback allegations and intermediaries reportedly channelling millions of dollars worth of cash, Karachigate has been making headlines in France over the past few years and has long threatened to implicate Sarkozy.
French media reports as well as some of the families of the Karachi attack victims have suggested that the suicide bombing was in retaliation for scrapped defence commissions.
According to media reports, millions of dollars worth of cash were deposited in the campaign bank account of former French Prime Minister Edouard Balladur, who was running against Jacques Chirac in 1995. Balladur's campaign manager at that time was Sarkozy. They eventually lost to Chirac.
Media reports say Takieddine was one of two Lebanese-born business people who served as intermediaries in the deal.
The case is currently under judicial investigation and Takieddine has been placed under investigation, a legal move in France that is one step short of being charged.
In their interview with FRANCE 24, Takieddine dismissed the attempts to link the 2002 suicide attack in a volatile city like Karachi with a 1995 campaign funding issue.
“Pakistan was a country at war exactly like Afghanistan at that time. Osama bin Laden was already there. Terrorists were already there. France had already sent soldiers to the battlefield in Afghanistan. There was as an antipathy for France in Pakistan like there was for America,” said Takieddine.
But history has a way of catching up with Takieddine and it looks like history might still have a few accounts to settle with the business person who shuns, but can't seem to avoid, the spotlight.
Training and nutritional advice, but at €40,000 charge per year?
Seven years after they were fined €3000 for intimidating Filippo Simeoni in the 2004 Tour de France over the latter's criticism of Michele Ferrari, Filippo Pozzato is facing a possible six month ban from the sport. The Farnese Vini – Selle Italia rider appeared yesterday before the anti-doping prosecutor of Italian Olympic Committee CONI and reportedly admitted working with the controversial doctor.
According to La Gazzetta dello Sport, they said that they went to Ferrari between 2005 to 2009. “They told me that it was not allowed and that I risked being suspended,” they said, explaining that they had stopped the association.  They are claiming that they only used Ferrari for advice on nutrition and training.
However on Saturday Italian daily La Republica said that in intercepted phonecall from mid-2009, Pozzato was said to have discussed an annual fee of between €40,000 and €50,000 for the doctor's services. The amount seems extraordinary for advice only, and will be weighed up by CONI as potentially relating to more serious interaction.
Whether or not they accepted doping products, Pozzato could be facing a ban anyway. Three years before they said they started that collaboration, Italian riders were banned from working with Ferrari and told they would face a six month suspension if they broke the ruling.
Ferrari has long been suspected of supplying banned products to cyclists and other sports people.
Former client Simeoni gave evidence to that effect and because of their opposition to the doctor, was chased down by Lance Armstrong – who used the doctor's services – on stage 18 of the 2004 Tour de France.
When they returned to the peloton, Pozzato, Giuseppe Guerini and other riders abused them verbally.
Now, almost a decade later, Pozzato could miss out on their goal of competing in the Olympics as a result of the latest investigation. Their sole hope is that their legal team can successfully argue that the ban on Ferrari has expired. If that isn't successful, they may have ridden their last race of 2012 and, if CONI proves they did more than take advice, they could be out for far longer.
The end of US decline
There was another round of the more-or-less endless debate about the decline of the US not long ago, focused on the weak employment growth that has characterized the current ‘recovery'. I expect that the obvious inability of the US to exert significant influence, in either direction, over the fate of client regimes in North Africa and the Middle East will provoke some more discussion among similar lines.
As a public service, I'd like to bring an end to this tiresome debate by observing that the decline of the US from its 1945 position of global pre-eminence has already happened. The US is now a fairly typical advanced/developed country, distinguished primarily by its large population[1]. Precisely because the US is comparable to other advanced countries in many crucial respects, there is no reason to expect any further decline. [2]
As I've observed before, the US is similar to other leading countries in terms of key economic variables like output per hour worked and employment/population ratio. Like other countries it has some distinctive features, that can make it look good or bad on particular measures. Features on which the US is an outlier, in economic terms, include long average hours of work per employed person (particularly notable for women), high levels of inequality in wages and other incomes, low levels of public expenditure and taxation, an exchange rate that has typically been well below most estimates of purchasing power parity, and an international balance characterized by large deficits on the goods and services account, matched by large surpluses on the capital account.
In geopolitical terms, the US spends a lot more on its military than anyone else (in fact, more than everyone else put together) and (contrary to the beliefs of most Americans) hardly anything on development aid or other efforts at promoting global public goods. The amount of sustainable influence generated as a result appears pretty trivial. The number of places in the world where the US can directly determine, or even substantially influence, political outcomes is approximately zero – nothing like what might be associated with an old style Great Power, let alone a superpower or “hyperpower”.As I've observed before, Americans of all classes (except those directly connected to the military-industrial complex) get very little payoff for their military expenditure – trillions of dollars of expenditure has been unable to produce positive outcomes in a couple of relatively insignificant countries, or even to put paid to a bunch of pirates in the Indian Ocean.
On the other hand, it has to be conceded that the record of non-military aid and public good promotion is not exactly one of stellar success either. The fact is that the world is a complicated and intractable place, and running your own country is hard enough – the fact that international efforts work as well as they do is more surprising than the fact that so much fail.
I suppose it's necessary to mention that the US has the capacity to destroy the world at a moment's notice. But unfortunately for the world, so can Russia, probably China and maybe France or Britain. If the nuclear winter analysis is correct, even the regional nuclear powers could bring a rapid end to civilisation as we know it. And lots of other countries could easily acquire such a capacity if they were silly enough to want it.
Like other developed countries, the US has some notable areas of economic and cultural strength (IT, Hollywood) as well as areas of relative weakness (consumer goods, fashion and so on). While the precise pattern may change, I don't see any reason to suppose that the US will either decline or advance dramatically in comparison to other developed countries.
The main implication of all this, for me, is that Americans should stop worrying about relative “decline”, “competitiveness” and so on, and start focusing on making the US a better place to live. This advice may seem gratuitous coming from an outsider. I can only respond that Australia had its own period of concern about relative decline (relative to Singapore and other Asian countries) back in the 1980s, and I said exactly the same thing then.
fn1. That effect is amplified for English-speakers. The US accounts for something like 75 per cent of developed-country native English speakers, and this is reflected in the attention it gets on blogs like this one.
fn2. As other countries catch up to the advanced group that includes the US, those in that group might be said to have declined in relative terms. But this doesn't seem to me to constitute “decline” in any important sense.
Microsoft's acquisition of “Minecraft” maker Mojang in 2014 thrust it into the center of Sweden's vibrant video-gaming cluster, where a boom in the last half decade — that includes much more than “Minecraft” — is one of the biggest success stories in the industry.
STOCKHOLM, SWEDEN — Microsoft raised eyebrows in 2014 with the announcement it was spending a hefty $2.5 billion to buy Mojang, the Swedish developer of world-building game “Minecraft.”
The reaction among the fast-growing video-game industry in Stockholm was a little different.
“For us, it was like, ‘Microsoft got a pretty sweet deal,' ” said Susana Meza Graham, an executive with Swedish video game maker Paradox.
“Minecraft,” by the time Microsoft came calling, was a global phenomenon. It instantly gave Microsoft a hugely popular brand with kids and gamers of all ages, as well as the $100 million or so in profit that Mojang was then pulling in annually.
Bringing Mojang and its 35 employees under Microsoft's umbrella also thrust the Redmond company into the center of a vibrant, and unique, video-gaming cluster.
Sweden's video-game boom in the last half decade is one of the biggest success stories in the industry, fueled by a talented and creative workforce and the fruits of years of government support for education and technology.
The country today boasts the second-highest concentration of video-game studios per capita in the world (neighboring Finland is No. 1), according to data from industry tracker Gamedevmap. The U.S. clocks in at 13th, with less than half the rate of game companies per capita as Sweden.
And an industry trade group estimates that one out of every 10 people in the world has played a game developed in Sweden, from casual titles (“Candy Crush”) to the high-end (“Battlefield”) and whimsical (“Goat Simulator”).
Recently, many have plugged into “Minecraft,” an open-ended game that lets players pilot blocky characters and build elaborate universes. The game has sold more than 122 million copies, the second-biggest all-time seller behind No. 1 “Tetris.”
Converted factories
Stockholm, Sweden's largest city and home to 930,000 people, is spread across an archipelago of 14 islands and coastline where Lake Mälaren meets the Baltic Sea.
At the core is the kidney-shaped island of Gamla Stan, “old town” in English, a maze of narrow cobbled streets connected by bridges and ferries to the adjacent islands.
Just to the south sits Södermalm, an island primarily used for farmland until its bogs and lakes were drained and working class housing was built in the 19th century. Today, it is Stockholm's cultural capital, and the heart of its gaming scene.
One recent Friday, Meza Graham and most of Paradox's 220 employees gathered on the sixth floor of their Södermalm headquarters to toast — Prosecco in hand — the simultaneous release of two updates to their games.
Avalanche, another development studio, occupies two floors of the same building. Dice, the biggest employer in Sweden's gaming industry, is headquartered across the street.
“This would have to be the most populated game-development area in the world,” says Jacob Kroon, an analyst with the Swedish Games Industry trade group.
A few blocks away down a street of utilitarian-looking apartment buildings and brick-walled former factories converted into offices is a subsidiary of Rovio, the Finnish-headquartered “Angry Birds” builder.
And around the corner from there, on the first floor of an old tobacco factory, is Mojang.
Mojang's trajectory
The company was founded in 2009 by Markus “Notch” Persson, who built “Minecraft” in their spare time.
Early on, they spurned a job offer from game publisher Valve, which wanted them to bring their game idea to the Bellevue company.
After the sale to Microsoft closed, Persson and Mojang's two other founders left the company.
Microsoft's purchase of one of Sweden's crown jewels of video gaming sparked the concerns that typically come when a big company acquires a smaller one.
New oversight and an infusion of foreign corporate culture can end what made the acquired company successful in the first place, particularly in the creative and personality-driven video-gaming industry.
There were “a lot of worries” among employees at Mojang, said Jonas Mårtensson, who joined the company the year before the deal and would stay on afterward as CEO. “What would Microsoft do? Who would we work with?”
But executives and developers in Stockholm say they haven't seen much change in direction from Mojang in the 2½ years Microsoft has owned the studio, which now employs more than 50 people here.
From outward appearances at Mojang today, there's little to suggest the company even belongs to Microsoft.
Much of the change has been in Redmond, where Microsoft has set up a studio to pilot some editions of “Minecraft,” and used the game prominently in marketing materials, including for the HoloLens, Xbox and the company's education initiatives.
Bigger picture, “Microsoft hasn't really shown yet what they want to do,” said Patric Palm, chief executive of Hansoft, a Sweden-based game and software development toolmaker. “And since they paid such a hefty price, they obviously have a bigger game in mind here.”
Positive acquisitions
Some Swedish game studios have flourished under new management.
Dice, creator of the “Battlefield” series, was scooped up in 2006 by Electronic Arts (EA), the California-based company with a reputation for pulling the plug on studios it acquired.
Instead of withering, Dice has thrived. It employs more than 550 people in Sweden, including the team behind the hit “Battlefield 1.” Dice's CEO at the time of the sale, Patrick Söderlund, now runs EA's worldwide network of studios.
Another Swedish gaming company, Massive, has kept producing hits in nearly a decade as a subsidiary of French gaming giant Ubisoft.
“If anything, (international acquisitions) have only been positive” for the local industry, said Oskar Burman, an industry veteran who has led Stockholm studios owned by EA and Rovio, among others.
Like many of Sweden's video-game pioneers, Burman got their start in the “demo” scene, tinkering with game making on early personal computers built by the likes of Atari and Commodore.
“Back in the 90s, it was really hard,” they say. “It was not seen as a proper path by anyone. We struggled (for legitimacy) with the government, our parents, everyone.”
They did, however, have advantages that would come into play as video gaming grew from hobby to a multibillion-dollar entertainment industry.
Swedish stimulus
Sweden made English-language education compulsory for all children in the 1960s, seeding a population fluent in what would become the default language of the internet and computer science.
Government investments in the information age paid dividends, too, from subsidies to buy home computers in the 1990s, to a state-funded broadband internet build out in the 2000s.
Peter Zetterberg, a Swedish video-gaming pioneer who helped pilot Microsoft's Mojang acquisition, said the country's cultural scene has also benefitted from a patient parenting attitude. Kids, they say, are often given the freedom to learn through play, rather than pressured into traditional career paths.
“To the frustration of my parents, we had a computer, and I sat in front of it a lot,” they said. “We fiddle with things, we tinker, and eventually, we might find the thing we want to do.”
Meanwhile, the country's small domestic market forces companies to look to the global market — and particularly the U.S.
Meza Graham, a former consumer-goods marketer and Paradox's 12th employee, was hired in 2004 to help build the company's international presence and publishing studio. Paradox's games — mostly deep, historical, world-spanning strategy simulations — were written in English. So were its website and user forums.
“At first, everyone assumed we were American,” they said. The company didn't go out of its way to correct that impression.
Meza Graham also tried to inject a bit of American-style confidence into the company's correspondence, a contrast to a Swedish tendency for humility and deference. Simple things, they said, like “if we think we've made a good game, say that in the news release.”
Paradox would go on to make its share of hits, and went public last year, listing shares on the Nasdaq First North exchange in Stockholm.
Growth spurt
The industry's biggest growth has occurred in the last few years, a boom partly fueled by digital downloads of games that meant startups like Mojang didn't need to work with a publishing-house gatekeeper.
Between 2010 and 2015, the most recent figures available, employment at Swedish game companies more than tripled, to 3,700 people, according to the Swedish Games Industry group. Sales surged from the equivalent of $132 million to $1.4 billion.
Mojang has contributed much of that revenue growth, and its sales have continued to climb under Microsoft. Revenue attributed to the Mojang subsidiary during Microsoft's fiscal year ended in June was up 84 percent from the company's last full year of independent ownership, to $443 million.
Tommy Palm, chief executive of Stockholm-based Resolution Games, said Microsoft could prove to be a good home for Mojang. “I think Microsoft certainly has the long-term vision,” they said. “Minecraft is a super interesting product, there are so many things you can do with it.”
For Sweden, Microsoft's cash also minted another set of wealthy game-industry veterans who might wind up looking for second acts.
Palm and Burman are both repeat entrepreneurs, using some of the cash from previous deals to test new ideas. Many here are also waiting to see what Mojang's departed founders do next.
“You need heroes,” said Mårtensson, the current Mojang CEO. “And we've had a few success stories. That inspires people.”
Imagine saving up to buy that shiny piece of kit that you wanted since the day it was announced, and grabbing one when you've finally saved just enough to get it. You get back home, and can't wait to play with your new toy. You start loading all those processor-pushing games that lagged terribly on your older tablet, and then realize that the battery is down to 5%.
You think it might be a good idea to plug it in and power the battery up before you load all the stuff that you want to show off to your mates the next morning. Plus all the online manuals and forums advise a few full discharge and charge cycles the first few days. Cool, so you plug it in, and doze off dreaming about all the jealous looks you are going to get the next day. Come morning, and you wake up coughing, and the room is full of sooty black smoke. You open the windows, turn on the lights and almost have a heart attack when you see what's left of your new toy (See pic above)
This is probably how the tragedy panned out, with an unfortunate user in China who reported this case of spontaneous combustion with their Nexus 7. The battery apparently went poof at night, and by the time the owner realized what had happened (He was probably sleeping, like the poor chap in the example above) the room was full of smoke and the Nexus 7 was history. As you can see from the pic above, the rubberized back section where the battery pack resides is completely disfigured and looks melted. That must be some heat that must have been generated to cause that.
Whether it was a faulty battery, or a faulty power plug that caused the Nexus 7 to go boom, is still unclear. The damaged tablet was returned to Asus, which immediately replaced it with a brand new one, no questions asked. Asus is apparently trying to assess what could have caused this mess. And if it's a faulty part, they would want to fix it soon. Considering the Nexus 7 has been out for a while now, and this is perhaps the first case of an exploding battery being reported, it is unlikely that there could have been a faulty part, but then, stranger things have been known to happen.
Have a look at the rest of the pics of the tragic Nexus 7.
As I mentioned earlier, the fact that Asus replaced the tablet without any arguments speaks volumes about their customer service for the Nexus 7. More so, because the Nexus 7 was never officially released in China, and the user had probably purchased a Hong Kong version off the gray market.
Phew! Certainly not a sight, or smell, any of us would like to wake up to. We'd love to hear your thoughts in the comments section below.
Blake
Yang and I trudged back up to the school, tired but satisfied. Killing Grimm all morning felt very rewarding, especially considering I'd beaten the highly competitive brawler at their own bet. Both of us had gotten through the morning unscathed, with nary so much as a scrape to illustrate what we'd been doing.
On arrival, we found that the campus was nearly deserted. Fairly normal for a Saturday, because everyone tended to relax in their rooms or go into the city. Occasionally students would go out into the forest for some live practice, like Yang and I had, but generally those who wanted to train would settle for one of Beacon's many training rooms.
The cafeteria also proved to be mostly empty, with only a few people eating, spread out across the room in their own little groups. Most of the tables were free, a fact I didn't dwell on because the smell of food had made me realise just how hungry I was. As if on cue, Yang's stomach rumbled loudly beside me. Wordlessly, we headed over to the serving counter to see what was available today.
I was pleased to see that tuna sandwiches were being offered, while Yang opted to take an entire chicken. I raised an eyebrow at her, and they merely shrugged in response. After I got a carton of milk and they got some People Like Grapes soda, we made our way to a table. After a couple of minutes of comfortable silence between the two of us, a loud, familiar voice made us turn to face the serving counter.
"NO PANCAKES?!" Nora yelled in frustration. "Ren, you have to make some. You make the best pancakes. Pleeeaaase?" they added, speaking more quietly but extremely quickly. They were joined by the rest of Team JNPR, who looked around apologetically.
"Not now, Nora," Ren told the redhead patiently. "Pick something they do have. I'll make you pancakes another time."
"Okay..." Nora replied dejectedly. After they and their team had their food, Yang waved them over to our table. They joined us, as they usually did, and I became very aware of Pyrrha sitting right beside me. I could barely focus on the fact that Nora was back to their normal level of excitability, eagerly telling us yet another story of them and Ren's exploits before coming to Beacon. Ren would occasionally interrupt to make corrections, which I barely heard despite my Faunus hearing.
I sneaked a glance at Pyrrha. The sunlight streaming in through the windows caught their hair in such a way that it looked like fire dancing on their back. Seeing them like that, I understood why their name was Pyrrha. Flame-coloured. Self-explanatory in that moment. Even though I'd only intended to take a fleeting look at the girl, I found myself enthralled by their beauty and unable to look away. I only got drawn back to reality when I felt something sliding up my nose. I jerked my gaze away from the warrior beside me and realised I'd missed my mouth with my straw.
"Are you okay, Blake?" Yang asked, just as concerned as the day before.
"Mm," I replied, trying to play it cool but blushing furiously. At this point, I was getting annoyed with myself. I couldn't stop thinking about Pyrrha when I wasn't around her, and when I was my brain refused to work properly. I seriously needed to sort this thing out before I did something really embarrassing. Thankfully, Yang seemed to realise something was troubling me and stood up.
"Great hanging out with you and stuff, but we gotta go," they told Team JNPR. "Blake said she'd help me with some homework." I was about to ask "I did?" when I realised Yang was getting us out of there in the least awkward way they could. I nodded and, after we'd both cleared our trays into the garbage, walked with them back up to our dorm room.
When we arrived, they told me to go shower and that we were going to talk afterwards. They wouldn't say any more than that. I showered and got dressed quickly, while harbouring a suspicion about what it was Yang wanted to talk about. I really hoped I was wrong. When I got out of the bathroom, the blonde was sitting on my bed, obviously waiting for me. They patted the space beside her, so I made my way over and sat down.
"What's going on with you, Blake?" they asked after a few seconds of silence.
"What do you mean?" I replied, trying to dodge the subject for as long as possible.
"You haven't been yourself lately."
"You think so?"
"I know so. Yesterday, during Goodwitch's class, you were completely out of it. Then we didn't see you for hours. It's not normal for you to disappear without a word like that, or miss dinner. Then today, you didn't even notice the Grimm at the temple until you heard my gauntlet go off, not to mention lunch just then. You spent most of it staring at...something. It honestly looked like all your attention was focused on Pyrrha. And the straw-up-the-nose. Not like you at all," Yang explained. "So, what's going on?"
"I...I don't know," I replied.
"Come on. Give me something here. I'm trying to help, but I can't if you don't let me."
"But I really don't know."
"Has there been anything on your mind lately?" At that, I laughed mirthlessly. "What? We might be getting somewhere here," the blonde told me.
"There is...something...that's been on my mind a lot," I replied, slowly and reluctantly.
"Something? Can you please give me just a teensy bit more?"
"Okay, it's...someone."
"Oh? Mind if I ask who?"
"You're going to be anyway, aren't you?"
"Yup."
I sighed, before muttering "it's Pyrrha."
"Come again?"
"Pyrrha," I repeated, louder this time.
"Pyrrha? Really?" Yang asked in shock. "I mean, yeah, she's hot, and a badass, and an all-around great person, but I never really saw you as the type..." they trailed off after I glared at them "Anyway, wanna tell me about it?"
"I guess so. I'm really confused so it might help," I replied, before taking a long pause. "I can't... I can't get them off my mind. The slightest reminder of them and I just zone out completely thinking about them That's what happened at the temple. I remembered seeing them running from the Deathstalker and that was it. Your gauntlet blast brought me back to reality." They nodded. "Then when I'm near her, that's the worst. My brain shuts down. Hence the straw up my nose."
"Anything else?" Yang asked. I shook my head. They pursed their lips and was silent for a minute or so. "Blake...I'm not sure how to tell you this."
"Tell me what?" I asked nervously.
"It sounds to me like you have a crush. A pretty big one, actually," Yang told me.
"I...I do?"
"Seems like it."
"What do I do?"
"Well…what do you think you should do?"
"Why would I be asking if I already knew?"
"See, there's no one solution to everyone's situation when they like someone. You have to figure it out yourself," Yang told me sympathetically. "I'm sure you will though."
"Okay."
"I can give you one piece of advice: don't ignore what you're feeling. At least, not forever. Worst case scenario is that you never do anything then something happens that prevents anything between you and her."
"All right."
"Remember, I'm always here if you want to talk."
"Thanks. Hey, don't…don't tell anyone, okay?"
"Of course not." Suddenly, Yang leaned over and hugged me. The heat from their body calmed me down a lot, but the hug didn't last long. The blonde pulled back, stood up and headed towards the door. "See you later," they told me as they left. When they were gone, I lay down and stared at the bottom of Yang's bunk, resting precariously above me. I remained like that for a long time, until I heard the door open again.
"Ruby! Slow down, you'll choke!" Weiss snapped as they entered the room with Ruby. Good thing Yang didn't hear that, I thought, smiling to myself. The actual reason behind the sentence was perfectly innocent; Ruby was eating cookies. Actually, inhaling was a better word in this case; the girl seemed to not be chewing them at all. How they managed to eat anything that fast was beyond me. Meanwhile, Weiss was carrying a bag, which, judging by how delicately they placed it on their bed, I figured contained Dust, ammo or both.
"Hey Blake!" Ruby called out cheerfully.
"Hello."
"Where's Yang?"
"No idea. They left without saying anything."
"Oh, okay. How was your day?"
"Fine. Yang and I had a bet over who could kill the most Grimm," I told them
"Oooh, who won?" they asked eagerly.
"I did. Now I get to choose a book which Yang has to read from start to finish."
"Go to the library and borrow a dictionary or an encyclopaedia," they suggested.
"I'm not that mean."
"Aw. That's boring."
Some time later, Yang came back and suggested we go for dinner. I didn't want to risk seeing Pyrrha before I worked out what I was going to do, so I opted to stay in the room. Yang frowned, but said nothing.
My teammates left and came back an hour later with some salad, which I ate while reading. In fact, I spent most of the rest of the weekend reading, determined to avoid seeing Pyrrha until I absolutely had to.
On Monday morning, I resigned myself to the fact that I would have to see the redhead, for better or for worse. I dejectedly went through my morning routine, wishing I didn't have to go outside. Yang clearly noticed my attitude, but didn't say anything. Ruby on the other hand didn't know the situation.
"Blake, is something wrong?" they asked, full of concern, while we were walking to our Grimm Studies class.
"I don't want to talk about it," I replied.
"Okay." Thankfully, Professor Port had assigned our seats at the beginning of the year and I was nowhere near Pyrrha. I figured I'd be able to focus, not that it would have mattered in this class. Unfortunately, the veteran Hunter had an announcement to make.
"Good morning, class," they boomed. "Today, you will be receiving a…research project of sorts." The entire class, save for Weiss and I, groaned. "It will be done in pairs-" at that, everyone looked around the room, trying to make eye contact with the person they wanted to work with. "-which I will be assigning" Port finished. The class groaned anew. "I will explain your assignment, then you will receive your partners. First, you will select a species of Grimm. The two of you will come up with a strategy to kill it as efficiently as possible. Submit a written report detailing this strategy two weeks from now. Then, over the course of several days, after the required Grimm have been captured by our staff, you will demonstrate your strategy. You will be graded on the effectiveness and execution of the strategy, as well as the difficulty of killing the Grimm you selected. Questions?"
"Any Grimm, Professor?" Yang asked beside me. I figured they were going for a loophole. Knowing her, she'd pick the rarest Grimm known to man and only have to do half the project.
"No. You will choose from the choices you are given," Port told them "If there are no more questions, I will tell you your partners. Yang Xiao Long and Nora Valkyrie." Yang grinned and shot Nora a thumbs up. "Ruby Rose and Lie Ren. Blake Belladonna and-" I inhaled sharply, waiting for the professor's next words. "Pyrrha Nikos." Well, fuck, I thought, as Yang patted my leg sympathetically.
A/N: There's chapter 3. Hope you enjoyed. So, some development. How's this project going to end? Stay tuned to find out. I don't have anything else to say, so leave a review and follow/favourite if you want. Thanks for reading.
CONCESSIONS at RED BULL ARENA
Corner Flag Concessions
Section 102/103 (Self-Serve/Appetize)
Candy (M&Ms, Sour Patch Kids)
Cracker Jacks
Dippin' Dots (Pre-Packed)
Hot Dog (Sabrett All Beef)
Nachos with Cheese
Pizza (Personal Cheese)
Pizza (Personal Pepperoni)
Popcorn (Fresh Popped)
Bottled Water (Evian)
Coffee & Hot Chocolate
ICEE
Red Bull Energy Drinks
Soft Drinks/Other (Fountain)
Bud Light
Stella
Corner Flag Concessions
Section 115 (Self- Serve)
Candy (M&Ms, Sour Patch Kids)
Cracker Jacks
Dippin' Dots (Pre-Packed)
Hot Dog (Sabrett All Beef)
Nachos with Cheese
Pizza (Personal Cheese)
Pizza (Personal Pepperoni)
Popcorn (Fresh Popped)
Bottled Water (Evian)
Coffee & Hot Chocolate
ICEE
Red Bull Energy Drinks
Soft Drinks/Other (Fountain)
Bud Light
Stella
The Coop
Section 116/117 (Self-Serve)
Chicken & Waffle Sliders
Chicken Tenders (Braised Batter)
Chicken Tenders (Hand Breaded
Fresh Fried) and Fries
French Fry (Jumbo)
Hot Dog (Sabrett All Beef)
Popcorn (Fresh Popped)
Pretzel (Jumbo)
Bottled Water (Evian)
Hot Chocolate (Seasonal)
Red Bull Energy Drinks
Soft Drinks/Other (Fountain)
Blue Moon
Coors Light
Miller Lite
Corner Flag Concessions
Section 119
(Self-Order Kiosks & Cashless)
Candy (M&Ms, Sour Patch Kids)
Hot Dog (Sabrett All Beef)
Popcorn (Fresh Popped)
Pretzel (Jumbo)
Bottled Water (Evian)
Hot Chocolate (Seasonal)
ICEE
Red Bull Energy Drinks
Soft Drinks/Other (Fountain)
Bud Light
Stella
Members Concessions/
The Coop/Beer Market
Section 124 (Self-Serve)
Chicken Tenders & Fries
Cracker Jacks
French Fry (Jumbo)
Hot Dog (Sabrett All Beef)
Pretzel (Jumbo)
Bottled Water (Evian)
Hot Chocolate (Seasonal)
Red Bull Energy Drinks
Soft Drinks/Other (Fountain)
Beer (Can)
Beer (Premium Can)
Fun Cones/Midfield Grill & Pizza
Section 126 (Self-Order Kiosks)
Chicken Tenders & Fries
French Fry (Jumbo)
Hot Dog (Sabrett All Beef)
Ice Cream Sandwich
Peanuts (Roasted)
Pizza (Personal Cheese)
Pizza (Personal Pepperoni)
Popcorn (Fresh Popped)
Soft Serve Waffle Cone Sundae
Bottled Water (Evian)
Coffee & Hot Chocolate
Red Bull Energy Drinks
Soft Drinks/Other (Fountain)
Bud Light
Budweiser
The Coop/The Street Carts/Sideline Bar
Section 128 (Appetize & Self-Order Kiosks)
Chicken & Waffle Sliders
Chicken Tenders (Hand Breaded
Fresh Fried) and Fries
Hot Dog (Sabrett All Beef)
Hot Dog (Topped Foot Long)
Mac & Cheese
Mediterranean Chicken Rice Bowls
Bottled Water (Evian)
Coffee & Hot Chocolate
Red Bull Energy Drinks
Soft Drinks/Other (Fountain)
Blue Moon
Cocktails
Coors Light
Miller Lite
Wine
Corner Flag Concessions/Beer Market
Section 131
Hot Dog (Sabrett All Beef)
Peanuts (Roasted)
Popcorn (Fresh Popped)
Pretzel (Jumbo)
Bottled Water (Evian)
Hot Chocolate (Seasonal)
Red Bull Energy Drinks
Soft Drinks/Other (Fountain)
Beer (Can)
Beer (Premium Can)
Southward Grill
Section 133
(Self-Order Kiosks & Cashless)
Chicken Tenders & Fries
French Fry (Jumbo)
Hot Dog (Sabrett All Beef)
Popcorn (Fresh Popped)
Bottled Water (Evian)
Hot Chocolate (Seasonal)
Red Bull Energy Drinks
Soft Drinks/Other (Fountain)
Bud Light
Stella
Midfield Concessions
Section 226 (Self-Serve)
Chicken Tenders & Fries
French Fry (Jumbo)
Hot Dog (Sabrett All Beef)
Pizza (Personal Cheese)
Pizza (Personal Pepperoni)
Popcorn (Fresh Popped)
Bottled Water
Coffee & Hot Chocolate
Red Bull Energy Drinks
Soft Drinks (Fountain)
Bud Light
Budweiser
Stella
Premio Sausage
Sections 115, 121, 131, 133, 225 & Biergarten
(Self-Order Kiosks at 121)
Sausage (Chorizo or Italian)
Red Bull Energy Drinks
Soft Drinks/Iced Tea (Bottled)
Bud Light (Can)
Stella (Can)
Harrison Hot Dog Company
Section 125
Hot Dog (Italian)
Potatoes (Fried)
Red Bull Energy Drinks
Soft Drinks/Iced Tea (Bottled)
Blue Moon (Can)
Miller Lite (Can)
Nacho
Sections 101 & 121
(Self-Order Kiosks at 121)
Nachos
Nachos Supreme
Red Bull Energy Drinks
Soft Drinks/Iced Tea (Bottled)
Coors Light (Can)
Heineken (Can)
Red Bowl Noodles & Dumplings
Section 126
Asian Noodles (Chicken)
Asian Noodles (Vegeterian)
Assorted Dumplings
Red Bull Energy Drinks
Soft Drinks/Iced Tea (Bottled)
Bud Light (Can)
Stella (Can)
Burgers & Brews
Section 228
Bacon on a Stick
Burgers (Bacon, Cheese opt.)
Red Bull Energy Drinks
Soft Drinks/Iced Tea (Bottled)
Blue Moon (Can)
Miller Lite (Can)
Popcorn for the People
Section 115
Popcorn (Caramel, Cookie & Cream, Dark Chocolate Espresso, Kettle, White Cheddar)
Soft Drinks/Iced Tea (Bottled)
Tacos Roqueros
Sections 129 & 224
Tacos
Red Bull Energy Drinks
Soft Drinks/Iced Tea (Bottled)
Coors Light (Can)
Heineken (Can)
Tito's on Tap
Sections 103 & 118
Peanuts
Beer (Craft)
Beer (Premium Can)
Cocktails on Tap*
Heineken & Biergarten Cabana
Biergarten
Peanuts
Red Bull Energy Drinks
Beer (Premium Draft)* (Hein)
Cocktails
Wine
Beer Market
Sections 114 & 227
Peanuts (Roasted)
Beer (Can)
Beer (Craft)
Beer (Premium Draft)
Wine
Craft Haus or Craft Zone
Sections 118, 125 & Gate C
Beer (Can) (Gate C)
Beer (Craft)
Beer (Premium Can)(Gate C)
Cheetos Popcorn
Section 131
Popcorn (Cheetos Combination)
Red Bull Energy Drinks
Soft Drinks/Iced Tea (Bottled)
The Original Craft Burger Bar
Sections 120 & 132 (Self-Order Kiosks)
Burgers (Fresh Ground Angus) (Bacon, Cheese opt.)
Red Bull Energy Drinks
Soft Drinks/Iced Tea (Bottled)
Blue Moon (Can) (120)
Coors Light (Can) (120)
Dos Equis (Draft) (132)
Heineken (Draft) (132)
Miller Lite (Can) (120)
Strongbow Cider* (132)
Red's or Budweiser Cheese Steaks
Sections 104, 114 & 227 (Self-Order Kiosks at 104)
Cheese Steak
Red Bull Energy Drinks
Soft Drinks/Iced Tea (Bottled)
Bud Light (Can) (227)
Budweiser (Can) (227)
Brooklyn Lager (Can) (104, 114)
Coors Light (Can) (104, 114)
BBQ
Sections 105 & 118 (Self-Order Kiosks at 105)
BBQ Beef Brisket Sandwich
Mac & Cheese
Pulled Pork Sandwich
Red Bull Energy Drinks (118)
Soft Drinks/Iced Tea (Bottled)
Brooklyn Lager (Can) (105 & 118)
Miller Lite (Can) (105 & 118)
Horizon Healthy Goal
Section 124 (Self-Order Kiosks)
Chicken Sandwich (Grilled)
Fruit Cup
Salad (Garden)
Salad (Grilled Chicken, House)
Coconut Water
Green Tea (Unsweetened)
Water (Flavored)
SoBe Life Water (Pomegranate)
Beer
Sections 101, 102, 104, 105, 114, 116, 117, 118, 119, 124, 127, 128, 129, 223, 224, 225, 228, 229, Gate B & Honda Gate
Peanuts (Roasted)
Beer (Can)
Beer (Craft)
Frozen Drinks (102 & 116)
Beer (Premium Draft)* (114, 119 & 128)
Wine (102, 105, 117, 129, & 224)
Snack Carts
Sections 102, 123, 132, 226 & 228
Churros (NOT 102 nor 123)
Cookies
Frozen Lemonade Cup
Popcorn (123)
Pretzels
Red Bull Energy Drinks
Soft Drinks/Iced Tea (Bottled)
Sabrett Hot Dog Cart
Biergarten
Hot Dog (Sabrett All Beef)
Soft Drinks/Iced Tea (Bottled)
Brisas Empanadas
Section 126
Empanadas (Beef)
Empanadas (Chicken)
Empanadas (Vegetarian)
Red Bull Energy Drinks
Soft Drinks/Iced Tea (Bottled)
Dippin' Dots
Sections 116, 127, 131 & 226
Dippin' Dots
Frozen Lemonade Cup
Red Bull Energy Drinks
Brooklyn Beer
Section 124
Brooklyn East IPA (Can)
Brooklyn Lager (Can)
Nuts, Nuts & More Nuts
Section 120
Nuts (Glazed)
Soft Drinks/Iced Tea (Bottled)
Sen. Al Franken, D-Minn., issued an apology to the people of their state Thursday and said they were "committed to regaining their trust" after four women accused them of groping them in separate incidents between 2006 and 2010.
"I'm a warm person; I hug people," Franken said in their statement. "I've learned from recent stories that in some of these encounters, I crossed a line for some women -- and I know that any number is too many."
"I feel terribly that I've made some women feel badly," they added, "and for that I am so sorry, and I want to make sure that never happens again."
AL FRANKEN ACCUSED OF INAPPROPRIATE TOUCHING BY TWO MORE WOMEN
Franken's new statement was released on Thanksgiving afternoon, hours after an article published by The Huffington Post detailed claims by two women who said Franken grabbed their buttocks during campaign events in 2007 and 2008. One of the women described Franken as "a serial groper," and admitted that they voted for them despite the incident.
Franken initially responded to the Huffington Post story by saying "It's difficult to respond to anonymous accusers, and I don't remember those campaign events."
But they appeared to change their tune Thursday, saying "some women have found my greetings or embraces for a hug or photo inappropriate, and I respect their feelings about that."
The first accusation against Franken came from Los Angeles radio and TV host Leeann Tweeden last week. Tweeden said Franken forcibly kissed them while the two were rehearsing for a show during a 2006 USO tour. Franken was also photographed with their hands over Tweeden's breasts while they slept.
AL FRANKEN'S RESIGNATION SOUGHT BY PROMINENT LIBERAL GROUPS AS NEW CLAIMS EMERGE
On Monday, Lindsay Menz told CNN that Franken pulled them in tightly and put their hand on their buttocks while posing for a picture at the Minnesota State Fair in 2010.
Leaders of both parties, and Franken himself, have backed a Senate ethics investigation over the alleged improper conduct. At least two female Democratic senators have donated campaign funds raised for them by Franken's Midwest Values political action committee.
Some liberal groups have called for Franken to resign their seat over the allegations, with one group starting a petition drive to get Minnesota Gov. Mark Dayton to appoint Democratic Rep. Keith Ellison to replace him.
"The inherent vice of capitalism is the unequal sharing of blessings; the inherent virtue of socialism is the equal sharing of miseries." -- Winston Churchill
Saying that capitalism is better than socialism is like saying that winning a million dollars is better than being in a high impact car crash. In other words, if you have an open mind, a good grasp on human nature and economics, and a passing knowledge of world history, there's absolutely no question that capitalism is superior to socialism.
Unfortunately, this lesson has been lost on a lot of people because our school systems have become so mediocre, there are no pure capitalist and socialist systems, and there are a lot of people who promote socialism for reasons that have nothing to do with economics. Is it surprising, for example, that politicians prefer an economic system that concentrates power in their hands as opposed to a system that makes them less relevant? Would anyone be shocked to find out that there are people who like the idea of making money based on whom they know and where they put their campaign contributions as opposed to slugging it out in the free market?
So with all that in mind, it is worth explaining, once again, why capitalism is absolutely, undeniably, unquestionably superior to socialism.
1) Capitalism produces faster growth than socialism. Ever heard someone say, "A rising tide lifts all boats?" It's very true. Why do you think most poor people in this country have refrigerators, microwaves, and televisions that we think of as basic necessities even though those items are considered to be luxuries in much of the world? For all the Occupy Wall Street talk about the "1%," if you make $34,000 a year after taxes, you are part of the worldwide 1% -- and Americans make up half of the total 1%ers on the planet. You can thank the growth created by capitalism for that. Even nations like China have figured this out and have seen their economies lift off by moving towards capitalism. If China keeps at it long enough, eventually the hundreds of millions of Chinese who're still living in huts and shacks will be able to have the sort of lives and technology even the American poor take for granted.
2) Capitalism works in concert with human nature while socialism works against it. "From each according to their ability, to each according to their needs." That famous quotation from Karl Marx is at the heart of communism and socialism. It runs completely contrary to human nature. As a general rule, people will work hard for themselves and their families, but it's considered an imposition so large that only God can ask them to pay other people's bills without resentment. Put another way, the vast majority of human beings care far more about what they're going to eat for lunch today than they do about whether someone they've never met can pay their rent. (PS: And most of the people who claim to be part of that exceptional few are lying).
Capitalism, on the other hand, relies on a philosophy best described by Adam Smith.
It is not from the benevolence of the butcher, the brewer, or the baker, that we expect our dinner, but from their regard to their own interest.
Because capitalism works hand in hand with human nature and asks people to serve themselves as they serve others, it creates a much more productive society that gets the maximum out of its citizenry.
3) Capitalism rewards merit. Socialism rewards mediocrity. Who gets rewarded in a capitalist society? People who can produce. If you come up with a hot new product, give people a service they want, or entertain them better than they can find elsewhere, they will pay you handsomely to do it. Some people complain about the people who get rewarded in a free market. Why should Peyton Manning make so much more than a school teacher? Why should a bank CEO make so much more than a teller at the same bank? Capitalism offers a simple solution to that problem: If the market rewards NFL quarterbacks and CEOs more than teachers and tellers, you can become a quarterback or a CEO -- if you're capable. If you can't and you don't like what you get paid as a teacher or a teller, the good news is that you're free to move on to somewhere that better rewards your talents. In this fashion, capitalism encourages people to make the best use of their talents.
Conversely, socialism rewards people for failure. Can't find a job? Great, here's your welfare and your food stamps. You haven't worked in a year and a half? Fantastic, we'll keep incentivizing you not to work by extending your unemployment insurance. Are you a mediocrity who is so unskilled and unambitious that you'll stay at the lowest paying job you can find long-term instead of learning from it and moving on? No problem! We'll raise the minimum wage for you.
If you incentivize success like capitalism does, you get more growth, prosperity, and success. If you incentivize failure like socialism does, you get more sloth, poverty, and failure.
4) Capitalism is freedom while socialism is slavery. Socialists often use envy to trick people into becoming angry at successful people instead of the ones who are really taking away their freedom.
Bill Gates, the richest person on the face of the earth — what can Bill Gates make you do? That is, during the 70s and 80s, the era of busing, could they have made you send your kid to a school that you did not want them to go to? Can Bill Gates deny you the right to dig holes on your property or put up a little shed on your property? They cannot do any of those things, but a lowly town clerk can…destroy your life just by denying you a permit to add an addition to your house. Bill Gates can't stop you from doing that. I think that politicians and those that want to control our lives get us to focus away from the power that government has over our lives and cast our attention to rich people. -- Walter Williams
For socialists to gain authority over your life, your own power has to shrink. The more the socialists take, the less of their own money the people get to spend. Capitalism reacts to the citizenry, while socialism tries to control and enslave the citizens. Capitalism will give you what you want for the right price, while socialism will give you what it thinks is best for you and tell you that you better like it!
5) The marketplace does a much better job of allocating resources than socialism's central planning. As Ronald Reagan noted, "Millions of individuals making their own decisions in the marketplace will always allocate resources better than any centralized government planning process." How could it be otherwise? Is there any one person on the planet who truly understands all the ins-and-outs of making a television, an airplane, a computer, and a vending machine? No, of course not. So, how can some bureaucrat in a central location, who may have no practical experience with business at all, make wise decisions that impact tens of millions of products and hundreds of millions of consumers? They can't. That's why some people have to wait more than six months for hip operations under socialized medicine in Britain. It's also why people used to wait in long lines to buy poor quality toilet paper and toothpaste in the Soviet Union.
Conversely, under capitalism, the market reacts almost like a living thing and allocates resources where people want to spend their money. You may think that people aren't using their money "as they should." I might even agree with you in some cases, but the only thing the market "cares" about is finding a way to make a profit giving people what they want. Complain all you want about capitalism, but you won't be waiting for hours to get toothpaste and toilet paper while you do it.
Sean Hannity pushed back Wednesday against critics who say they have turned their television and radio shows into infomercials for Donald Trump, and their production team maintained this week that they have offered equal airtime to all GOP candidates.
"I'm not a journalist! I'm a talk radio host," they said on their radio show, explaining that he's not in the business of asking "gotcha" questions like "people in the media" who go to "their parties in New York and [Washington] D.C. and Los Angeles, and out there lecturing everybody about how interviews ought to be done."
Hannity's radio and television programs are both produced and operated out of New York City.
Their remarks came after the anti-Donald Trump conservative website RedState published an unflattering article characterizing their more than three dozen interviews with the billionaire GOP candidate as embarrassing kid-glove affairs.
"One thing this campaign season has showed us is who are actual conservatives and who are the cynical opportunists with no values beyond their own bottom line," the article read. "One of the biggest offenders is Sean Hannity."
The RedState article was based largely on research done by ThinkProgress, a left-leaning watchdog group owned by an organization founded by John Podesta, the chair of Hillary Clinton's 2016 presidential campaign.
"Hannity has managed to interview Trump for hours without ever coming even close to making news," ThinkProgress' Judd Legum wrote.
"Effectively, Hannity has given Trump something that is unprecedented in American politics: A serialized infomercial spanning nearly an entire year, targeted at the most reliable Republican voters, but presented to the public as 'news,'" they added.
The article, which is comprised largely of verbatim Hannity quotes, went on to list a series of questions that the Fox host has asked Trump, including, "Do [the Chinese] buy Trump steaks?" and "Is it time for all American politicians to get rid of political correctness? Are you kind of leading the way?"
Hannity said Wednesday that the article was unfair, and claimed they reached out to people connected to RedState and asked, "Is that what you're now reduced to as conservative so-called news outlet? Cutting and pasting … [from] Hillary Clinton's surrogate website?"
The Fox host suggested that ThinkProgess may be targeting them because of all the work they did trying to upend President Obama's 2008 and 2012 presidential campaigns.
"Who hit Obama the hardest? It's me!" they said, repeating that they have, "over 1,000 pages of [opposition] research on Hillary Clinton."
"How short peoples' memories are. I've been talking about some of you that are all over the place on social media, being all brave and tough in your underwear in your basement, you know, tweeting out that you're 'never Cruz' and 'never Trump,' I think you're all nuts. Because I'm 'never Hillary,'" they added.
Hannity's radio producer also responded to RedState's and ThinkProgress' criticism, and alleged in a blog post that their team has treated each of the Republican candidates equally.
"Please know that it is my job, and my team's, to reach out, respond, and coordinate interviews with the presidential campaigns and their communications directors, managers, and representatives," wrote Lynda McLaughlin, executive producer of the "Sean Hannity Radio Show."
"We also make sure to offer time to other candidates, if one campaign reaches out, so that everyone has the opportunity to be heard. When the candidates announced their runs for the office of the President we reached out to the candidates to have them on to announce their run, and followed up weekly, if not daily, to have them on the show," they added.
Them post also offered data on the amount of airtime GOP candidates have been given on Hannity's radio and television shows.
Chart Maker
In short, they added, there's no "conspiracy" to give Trump more air time than any of the other candidates.
"The candidates have an open invitation to come on the show, and it is their choice to take that offer or ignore it," they wrote. "If you want to hear more of your candidate on the show, contact their office, email their communications teams and make your requests known on social media."
Create a graph
Them defense of Hannity, however, misses the point, as the main criticism against the host isn't that they give Trump a great deal of airtime, but that they use it to prop up the casino tycoon with softball questions and compliments, RedState editor-in-chief Leon Wolf argued in response.
"This kind of simplistic response really misses the point of the entire article. The complaint we raised at RedState (and, quite frankly, which was noted with 100% accuracy by ThinkProgress) was not about the number of interviews given to Donald Trump, it was about the fact that when Hannity 'interviews' Trump, they do so without generating any actual news or friction at all," Wolf wrote.
"The last time Hannity had Cruz on their show, they spouted Trump-generated talking points at Cruz, to the point that Cruz's campaign mused openly during the interview that they might never appear on Hannity's show again. Hannity has likewise blasted Marco Rubio as an inauthentic flip-flopper on immigration. Hannity has aggressively grilled Rand Paul on their views about the military, foreign intervention, and torture," they added.
Wolf reiterated that their criticism for the Fox host is that whenever they host Trump on Fox, it's usually to tell the casino tycoon "how awesome they are."
"The reason Hannity is being criticized is not that they give an inordinate amount of airtime to Donald Trump, and their response that addresses only the airtime aspect of this is a classic misdirection on this front," they wrote.
"The reason Hannity is being criticized is that they are giving a ton of airtime to a not very good caricature of a conservative, and that they are doing absolutely nothing to expose a faker for what they are," they added. "Worse, they are actively helping Trump defray controversies that should be harming them with conservative voters."
They concluded by arguing that the talk radio host's protestations are not just dishonest, but flat-out insulting.
Plans to light up Salesforce Tower not only at the top but at the bottom drew criticism Thursday at the Planning Commission, with one commissioner comparing the designs to a “carnival.”
Redwood trees and public art were once envisioned for the public square below San Francisco's new tallest building, but an architect has dropped the plans in favor of opening up the space to pedestrians with light fixtures embedded in the ground.
The Planning Commission has already approved different plans for a digital light display to illuminate the top floors of the building, prompting Commissioner Kathrin Moore to criticize the combination of designs Thursday.
“I do not believe that light on the bottom and light on the top are the right answer here,” Moore said. “I believe that they make too much of a carnival.”
Mission Plaza, the forthcoming plaza at Mission and Fremont streets, is expected to become one of the most used public spaces in San Francisco, with as many as 100,000 commuters traveling through the adjacent Transbay Terminal's Transit Center daily.
The plaza's design originally included a large sculpture and grove of Sequoia redwoods to complement a gondola that will lift passengers onto a nearby rooftop park above the Transit Center.
“When we started to look at the patterns of pedestrian movement, it was clear that it was a real imperative to make that safe and to make that open,” architect Mark Cavagnero said. “This has the potential to be great gathering space for The City in a new downtown area that is now full of so many people.”
Commissioner Christine Johnson was also critical of the new design because they said it now lacks a spot like a statue for pedestrians to gather. Johnson also pointed out the shortage of trees in San Francisco.
“This design needs help, something in the middle between a full-on redwood grove and a blank plaza,” Johnson said.
But Commissioner Rodney Fong supported the changes because they said the redwood trees might interrupt a pedestrian's view of the Salesforce Tower, which they called an “engineering masterpiece.”
“This is a great move, a good move,” Fong said, while also adding that the “lighting schemes at both the tippy top of the tower and the ground” should be in sync.
The Planning Commission will not have a chance to vote on the changes.
However, Planning Director John Rahaim said they were involved in the design changes and would bring the commission's suggestions to the negotiating table.
“We did feel that the redwood trees were not necessarily the most appropriate use here,” Rahaim said. “Most importantly because the number of people coming through this location.”
Click here or scroll down to comment
The Justice Department's move to block AT&T's purchase of T-Mobile USA marks a rare Washington defeat for the largest U.S. phone company, a failure that deal opponents called a triumph of antitrust analysis over lobbying muscle.
As it sought regulators' blessing for the transaction, AT&T boosted lobbying spending by 30%, to $11.7 million, in the first six months of 2011, vs. the same period last year, according to Senate records. Its PAC gave $805,500 to federal candidates this year, more than any other company, according to the Center for Responsive Politics.
AT&T's lobbying strategy has been guided by 13-year company veteran Jim Cicconi, a Washington insider since serving in the Reagan White House. It produced letters to regulators from more than 70 members of Congress, multiple economic studies aimed at supporting the deal, and a pledge to preserve 5,000 jobs. Yet the Justice Department on Wednesday sued to halt the $39 billion deal, calling it harmful to competition.
"There was no indication from the DOJ that this action was being contemplated," Wayne Watts, AT&T's general counsel, said in an e-mail. Michael Balmoris, AT&T spokesperson, replied to questions about the company's lobbying by referring to Watts' statement. E-mail and phone requests for comment from Cicconi were not returned.
But on Wednesday, Sharis Pozen, the acting head of Justice's antitrust division, said the agency had been in constant dialogue with the parties. "We apprised them of our serious concerns."
AT&T "never understood that the facts were so bad that no amount of political pressure was going to make a difference," said Gigi Sohn of advocacy group Public Knowledge, which opposes the deal.
AT&T's campaign in Washington began March 20, as the proposed purchase of the Deutsche Telekom unit was announced, with a volley of Sunday phone calls to members of the Federal Communications Commission, which hasn't concluded its review.
In succeeding weeks, AT&T won the support of the Communications Workers of America and the International Brotherhood of Teamsters. AT&T executives testified twice to Congress. The company also hired three outside lobbying groups to work for the merger.
Share Tweet Google Plus reddit Messenger Share Email Print
Question: You refer to “adequate protein intake” as important, but what do you consider adequate? In my case — calorie restriction of ~750-1000 kcals below BMR coupled with regular strength training? Is there a percentage of intake you consider ideal, and is it higher while dieting versus maintenance (to prevent muscle loss during times of restriction)?
Answer: The above question actually came through in the comments section of Exercise and Weight/Fat Loss: Part 2 and I thought it was important enough to address explicitly since it's a place where I still see many mainstream diets and dieters making mistakes. It's worth noting that bodybuilders and other strength athletes have been promoting higher protein intakes while dieting for decades and this is yet another place where modern science has ended up validating those beliefs many years after the fact.
The question of adequate protein under different conditions is one that has a long history of debate, the issue of maintenance requirements as well as protein intakes for athletes is still highly debated with science on both sides of the story (for details you can refer to The Protein Book).
With regards dieting specifically, this was a topic of much study in the 60's and 70's as researchers started looking past the simple issue of weight loss and into that of changes in body composition; the goal moved from weight loss per se to that of generating fat loss while minimizing lean body mass and muscle mass loss.
After much toing and froing and research had been done it was eventually found that a protein intake of about 1.5 g/kg of lean body mass (LBM; note that researchers actually used Ideal Body Weight but this is a rough proxy for LBM) was necessary to spare LBM losses in a non-training obese individual consuming low calories.
This is about double the DRI for protein (at 0.8 g/kg) at maintenance calories. So for an overweight individual at say 200 pounds and 30% body fat (this would give them an LBM of 140 lbs or 63 kg), that would be a protein intake of 95 grams of protein per day. Please note that this value is simply a minimum and dieters may still find that higher protein intakes are beneficial from a hunger blunting effect or what have you (see below).
In that context, I'd mention that at least one of the studies I referred to in Exercise and Weight/Fat Loss: Part 2 that found no benefit of resistance training gave something like 40 grams of protein to the subjects; far less than necessary or adequate. So it's no surprise that no protein sparing effect of exercise was seen; the diet was inadequate in the first place.
It's worth noting that more recent research supports further benefits of increased protein intakes while dieting, beyond simple lean body mass maintenance. Protein is the most filling nutrient (meaning that higher protein intakes tend to control hunger better) and studies have found that higher protein intakes can help to stabilize blood sugar levels while dieting which has benefits from both an energy level and appetite standpoint. Protein high in the amino acid leucine (with the dairy proteins whey and casein being the two proteins highest in leucine) seem to have extra benefit in this regard.
Now, as individuals get leaner, protein requirement tend to go up further for reasons discussed in other articles on this site. As well, regular training tends to further increase protein requirements. So lean athletes trying to lose fat while sparing lean body mass loss need even higher protein intakes than this. And we've known for decades now that caloric intake per se tends to impact on protein requirements; as caloric intake goes down, protein requirements go up. And vice versa.
While less data on this group is available, bodybuilders and athletes have long used a protein intake of 2.2 g/kg (1 g/lb) lean body mass as a generalized intake level and as folks get very lean, intakes of 3.3 g/kg (1.5 g/lb) of lean body mass may be required to stave off muscle loss while dieting. In some very extreme cases, such as the near protein only diet approach of my own Rapid Fat Loss Handbook even higher protein intakes may be required for very lean individuals.
So basically we have an intake continuum ranging from about 1.5 g/kg (0.68 g/lb) as a minimum for the obese non-training individual up to a high of around 3.3 g/kg (1.5 g/lb) of protein per pound of lean body mass for very lean heavily training athletes or bodybuilders with middle ground values being found in between those two extremes. You'll note that I didn't put any of those values in terms of percentages for reasons discussed in Diet Percentages: Part 1 and Diet Percentages: Part 2.
So that's what I mean by ‘adequate protein on a diet' when I use that phrase. It's context dependent with the primary variables being body fat percentage (as this goes up, protein requirements go down), caloric intake (as caloric intake goes down, protein requirements go up and vice versa), and activity (with regular activity generally increasing protein requirements).
Similar Posts:
This week was wonderful. It seemed like every day I came home from work there was a new condiment to try from my match. My only stipulation was that it not be something spicy because I am kind of a wuss. They went above and beyond to bring me three new staples to my plethora of condiments!
My favorite of the three was the Biscoff Spread! Reddit, I am completely aghast on why you have not blown up about this stuff. Its wonderful; Nutella has nothing on it. My whole jar is gone already!
If you are a bacon fan (I know, you got matched with the one person in the world who isnt) try the bacon spread! I made a sandwich for my Fiance with it after a late soccer game one night this week, and they loved it.
Thank you so much, Seamonkee! You helped me win the condiment lottery!
In computer networking, IP over Avian Carriers (IPoAC) is a joke proposal to carry Internet Protocol (IP) traffic by birds such as homing pigeons. IP over Avian Carriers was initially described in RFC 1149, a Request for Comments (RFC) issued by the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF), written by D. Waitzman, and released on April 1, 1990. It is one of several April Fools' Day Request for Comments.
Waitzman described an improvement of their protocol in RFC 2549, IP over Avian Carriers with Quality of Service (1 April 1999). Later, in RFC 6214—released on 1 April 2011, and 13 years after the introduction of IPv6—Carpenter and Hinden published Adaptation of RFC 1149 for IPv6.[1]
IPoAC has been successfully implemented, but for only nine packets of data, with a packet loss ratio of 55% (due to operator error),[2] and a response time ranging from 3000 seconds (≈54 minutes) to over 6000 seconds (≈1.77 hours). Thus, this technology suffers from poor latency. Nevertheless, for large transfers, avian carriers are capable of high average throughput when carrying flash memory devices, effectively implementing a sneakernet. During the last 20 years, the information density of storage media and thus the bandwidth of an avian carrier has increased 3 times as fast as the bandwidth of the Internet.[3] IPoAC may achieve bandwidth peaks of orders of magnitude more than the Internet when used with multiple avian carriers in rural areas. For example: If 16 homing pigeons are given eight 512 GB SD cards each, and take an hour to reach their destination, the throughput of the transfer would be 145.6 Gbit/s, excluding transfer to and from the SD cards.
Real-life implementation [ edit ]
On 28 April 2001, IPoAC was actually implemented by the Bergen Linux user group, under the name CPIP (for "Carrier Pigeon Internet Protocol").[4] They sent nine packets over a distance of approximately five kilometers (three miles), each carried by an individual pigeon and containing one ping (ICMP Echo Request), and received four responses.
Script started on Sat Apr 28 11:24:09 2001 $ /sbin/ifconfig tun0 tun0 Link encap:Point-to-Point Protocol inet addr:10.0.3.2 P-t-P:10.0.3.1 Mask:255.255.255.255 UP POINTOPOINT RUNNING NOARP MULTICAST MTU:150 Metric:1 RX packets:1 errors:0 dropped:0 overruns:0 frame:0 TX packets:2 errors:0 dropped:0 overruns:0 carrier:0 collisions:0 RX bytes:88 (88.0 b) TX bytes:168 (168.0 b) $ ping -c 9 -i 900 10.0.3.1 PING 10.0.3.1 (10.0.3.1): 56 data bytes 64 bytes from 10.0.3.1: icmp_seq=0 ttl=255 time=6165731.1 ms 64 bytes from 10.0.3.1: icmp_seq=4 ttl=255 time=3211900.8 ms 64 bytes from 10.0.3.1: icmp_seq=2 ttl=255 time=5124922.8 ms 64 bytes from 10.0.3.1: icmp_seq=1 ttl=255 time=6388671.9 ms --- 10.0.3.1 ping statistics --- 9 packets transmitted, 4 packets received, 55% packet loss round-trip min/avg/max = 3211900.8/5222806.6/6388671.9 ms Script done on Sat Apr 28 14:14:28 2001
This real life implementation was mentioned by the French MP Martine Billard in the French Assemblée Nationale,[5] during debates about Hadopi. The implementation was noted in the song "Paper Pings" by Steve Savitzky.[6]
Other avian data transfer methods [ edit ]
Rafting photographers already use pigeons as a sneakernet to transport digital photos on flash media from the camera to the tour operator.[7] Over a 30-mile distance, a single pigeon may be able to carry tens of gigabytes of data in around an hour, which on an average bandwidth basis compares very favorably to current ADSL standards, even when accounting for lost drives.[8]
Inspired by RFC 2549, on 9 September 2009, the marketing team of The Unlimited, a regional company in South Africa, decided to host a tongue-in-cheek "Pigeon Race" between their pet pigeon "Winston" and local telecom company Telkom SA. The race was to send 4 gigabytes of data from Howick to Hillcrest, approximately 60 km apart. The pigeon carried a microSD card and competed against a Telkom ADSL line.[9] Winston beat the data transfer over Telkom's ADSL line, with a total time of two hours, six minutes and 57 seconds from uploading data on the microSD card to completion of download from card. At the time of Winston's victory, the ADSL transfer was just under 4% complete.[10][11]
In November 2009 the Australian comedy/current-affairs television program Hungry Beast repeated this experiment. The Hungry Beast team took up the challenge after a fiery parliament session wherein the government of the time blasted the opposition for not supporting telecommunications investments, saying that if the opposition had their way, Australians would be doing data transfer over carrier pigeons. The Hungry Beast team had read about the South African experiment and assumed that as a developed western country, Australia would have higher speeds. The experiment had the team transfer a 700MB file via three delivery methods to determine which was the fastest: A carrier pigeon with a microSD card, a car carrying a USB Stick, or a Telstra (Australia's largest telecom provider) ADSL line. The data was to be transferred from Tarana in rural New South Wales to the western-Sydney suburb of Prospect, New South Wales, a distance of 132 km by road. Approximately halfway through the race the internet connection unexpectedly dropped and the transfer had to be restarted. The pigeon won the race with a time of approximately 1 hour 5 minutes, the car came in second at 2 hours 10 minutes, while the internet transfer did not finish, having dropped out a second time and not coming back. The estimated time to upload completion at one point was as high as 9 hours, and at no point did the estimated upload time fall below 4 hours.[12]
A similar "Pigeon Race" was conducted in September 2010 by tech blogger (trefor.net) and ISP Timico CTO Trefor Davies with farmer Michelle Brumfield in rural Yorkshire, England: delivering a five-minute video to a BBC correspondent 75 miles away in Skegness. The pigeon was pitted (carrying a memory card with a 300MB HD video of Davies having a haircut) against an upload to YouTube via British Telecom broadband; the pigeon was released at 11.05 am and arrived in the loft one hour and fifteen minutes later while the upload was still incomplete, having failed once in the interim.[13][14][15]
See also [ edit ]
Australian commandos could work alongside soldiers from the feared Iranian Quds forces in the battle against the Islamic State group in Iraq, Defence Minister David Johnston has said.
Senator Johnston said the crisis created by the Islamic State's brutal capture of vast tracts of territory was sufficiently acute that differences should be put aside in the common interest of stopping their reign of terror.
The government is deploying airforce personnel and special military advisers to the Middle East.
Their remarks came as the government revealed that Australians were continuing to join extremist groups such as the Islamic State either as fighters or supporters, with the total now reaching about 185.
Senator Johnston, when asked whether Australia's commandos, who will advise and assist Iraqi forces, would work alongside Iranians, told Sky News: "They may be. I don't see a problem in that, given the nature of the threat."
India's talismanic Test captain says the hard work put in by the Real Madrid superstar is seeing them give Barcelona's Lionel Messi 'a run for their money'
Cristiano Ronaldo is a figure who transcends football, with the Real Madrid forward a global brand whose appeal stretches to all corners of the world.
There are not too many sporting icons who can claim to hold such a standing, with the Portuguese's unrelenting drive to be the best carrying them to the very top of their chosen profession.
CR7: My son hears I'm not world's best
Someone who can relate to the 31-year-old, though, is Virat Kohli.
Test captain of a cricket-mad nation, the Indian batsman is the millennial talisman of their country.
 They are also a performer whose fame stretches well beyond the boundaries of their own sport, with the 28-year-old having followed a similar path to superstardom as Ronaldo.
Both men are renowned for their dedication to continuous improvement, and Kohli admits they look to the 2016 Ballon d'Or winner as an example of what can be achieved through hard work.
They told the official website of the England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB): "I take a lot of inspiration from Cristiano Ronaldo.
Ronaldo: Money not important
"My training regime is fixed by the trainer. But, the way they (Ronaldo) has stayed on top for so many years, it's nothing but down to hard work.”
While Ronaldo continues to raise the bar in football circles, Kohli is doing similar on the cricket field.
They already have two world records to their name - becoming the fastest cricketer to reach 7000 runs in One Day Internationals (ODIs), whilst setting the benchmark in Twenty20 (T20) cricket by becoming the fastest man to 1000 runs internationally.
Many would consider them to be a ‘freak of nature', but Kohli reserves that title for Barcelona's enigmatic Argentine Lionel Messi – another sporting icon they hold in the highest regard, but one Ronaldo has become the equal of.
Watch: Ronaldo's happy new year song
They added: "I have heard they (Ronaldo) is the most hardworking footballer in the world and that's why they are where they are.
“Messi is a freak, but this guy (Ronaldo) is giving them a run for their money because of their hard work.”
Chechnya saw the first mass baptism in its history.
Grozny, August 26, Interfax – Archbishop Zosima of Vladikavkaz and Makhachkala performed the first mass baptism ceremony in the history of Chechen republic in the river Terek of Naursky dirstrict.
35 citizens of Naursky and Shelkovsky districts were converted to Orthodoxy, press service of Chechen leader reports Friday.
“Keep your Orthodox faith, live in peace with each other, avoid evil, make your families and grow your children,”
Father Zosima wished to the young Christians.
Archpriest Amvrosiy (Marchenko) of Naursky okrug thanked Archbishop on behalf of all parishioners for the ceremony. They expressed hope that such mass baptism in Terek water would become a tradition.
This even was reported by anti-Christian elements in Chechnya as “Russian polytheists carried out rite of Christian baptism in Chechnya. Kadyrov's followers kill Muslims” (note that other than the misleading title, the actual article says nothing about anyone doing anything to muslims – other than baptizing them because they are no longer believers in Islam)
Here is the LINK to the video report of these ‘aggressors.'
Source: Interfax
For millions of Americans, owning a home is the grandest symbol of having accomplished the illusion of the “American Dream”. Being a homeowner signifies success, financial stability and responsibility. I too had the indoctrinated belief to become a homeowner and felt great pride signing all the papers on closing day. Unfortunately, that bliss was short-lived.
My former husband and I had been renters a few years before the thought ever crossed our minds to look into the prospect of home-ownership. Mostly out of curiosity, we decided to meet with a mortgage lender and the to see what qualifications (if any) we needed and see what the whole lending process entailed.
We set up an appointment with a small local mortgage lender who was sly and charming and offered us a loan right off the bat given that we were both employed and our credit checks came back with decent scores. But the amount of the loan was not calculated right away. We left the meeting overly elated that we too could enter into the world of the elite. Our hard work was paying off. Our savings were enough. We would be homeowners.
We were so disillusioned and eager to have a home of our own for ourselves and our two small children that we short-sightedly signed onto a mortgage that was affordable, but still a heavy financial burden. I was not convinced by the lender to take on a sub-prime 80/20 loan, interest only or a no-doc loan as was originally pitches to us when we first applied. Instead, a conventional loan was readily available with 0% down and we dove head first into it at the worst possible time: the summer of 2008, only a few months before the housing market crash.
Not even a month had passed since we moved in when we received notification via mail from our local mortgage lender that the loan was being sold to a different company called Franklin American. Shortly after that, we received another notice that our mortgage was being sold yet again to Countrywide Financial; who subsequently was bought out by Bank Of America a very short time later. I wasn't aware that mortgages could be bought and sold on the market like ours was. Then the city sent a letter stating there will be new a tax assessment of all the homes in the area. The result of the new appraisal blindsided us: our home was devalued by 65,000. We were now considered an underwater loan by 124%.
Our marriage fell apart soon after (for personal reasons, not entirely financial) and the balance of the loan was placed solely on my shoulders. I was relieved to hear that President Obama had signed a new bill called the to help homeowners like me. The bill was geared specifically to help to struggle underwater homeowners stay put in their homes by facilitating a loan reduction between the lending bank and the homeowner. Given that my hours at work were reduced due to the economic downturn, and I had lost an entire half of our family income due to impending divorce, I considered this program as a godsend.
I had wasted no time in researching all the details and according to the guidelines, not only did I match all the criteria, but I seemed to be the perfect candidate for it. I was delighted to hear I would be able to keep the roof over my children's and my own head, eliminating the ongoing fear of escalating debt and homelessness.
I followed every step to perfection. First the initial phone call, which included a very emotional breakdown between myself and the Bank Of America customer service representative. The call delved into my personal life so deeply; I had to start from the beginning and explain to them every detail of my finances and my failed marriage.
I cried. I couldn't help it. The stress from the unknown had me up late at night and haunted me like a black cloud throughout my day. The customer representative was very understanding and helpful and guided me through the process of applying to the program. The paperwork to fill out arrived within a few days and my spirits were slowly starting to rise; but, that too was very short-lived.
The agreement I had to sign was like a light at the end of the tunnel. I was certain I would get help from them since the conversation I had with the company seemed to go so well in my favor. I had to provide them with a complete financial summary in vivid detail (calculated by an outside non-profit company called MMI). So thorough was the financial summary, I was even asked how much I spent a month to feed my dog. Next was the tax returns, copies of my paychecks and partial-unemployment checks, and the “hardship letter.” The hardship letter, I was advised, should be a hand-written letter explaining the financial crisis that I had fallen into. That was the hardest part of all; writing to a corporation about my life (in great detail) and have complete strangers decide if my story is worthy of help. But the good news was, Bank of America agreed to let me pay 400$ less a month while they reviewed my application! Sleep was finally returning to my daily routine.
I completed all the tasks that were asked of me and faxed over all the materials in a timely manner, as instructed. And my stress was temporarily relieved, now that I could afford my mortgage during the review process. Nine months plus went by. I made every payment on-time and in-full, but still no word on my application. I routinely called Bank of America to check on my status, but all they ever told me was that they are very glad I am showing interest in my modification and that they would note on my file that I am an active participant in my case. A few times they requested duplicate papers that I had already sent in, but just as a precaution asked for them again and I had it faxed to them by the next day at the latest.
The response letter from Bank Of America arrived via FedEx like a package. I even had to sign for it. I tore through the cardboard folder to meet my destiny face to face, all the while smiling that I was going to be permanently relieved from this ongoing nightmare. I read each word slow and clear, careful not to misinterpret, and then I saw it, shocked like a confident student who just failed an exam: DENIED.
I remember so clearly the sinking feeling in my heart, like I was just told that Santa Claus wasn't real. I was denied entry into program and I had to now pay back all the money they were gracing me for the past nine months, about $4,000. Why was I denied? They claimed that they didn't have all my paperwork and they tried to blame me for not sending it all in on time.
Shock began to set in. I immediately made a phone call and asked every question I could think of to try to understand exactly why I was denied. I demanded to speak with the supervisor and when I finally reached them (after about an hour) all they kept answering was that they did not receive the necessary paperwork. I frantically debated them over this matter and the only result of the conversation was me filing for an appeal. I asked if I could pay the reduced price during the appeals process and they advised me that was not an option. They also explained to me that if I did not pay back the graced $4,000, they would start foreclosure proceedings.
That word echoed in my head over and over… FORECLOSURE. Foreclosure meant my kids would be without a home. Foreclosure meant I would have ruined credit. Foreclosure meant I would have to start all over again. Foreclosure meant that I failed.
Rage began to set in. I started doing and TARP (Troubles Assets Relief Program) which was money given to the major banks (the big bank bailout of 2009) and never properly used to help homeowners as it was set up to do. In fact, TARP actually gave the incentive to foreclose to the banks because not only would the bank already have the money for the homes in foreclosure, but now they would even have the homes back in their possession!
I made the decision to not give this horrid bank another dime unless they accepted me into the program. I waited patiently while my loan went into default. They sent their photographers out to take shots of my home to see if it were still occupied and maintained. I questioned a man I caught taking photos. They had my entire case history on him. This guy was a third-party hire – a subcontractor – not working directly for Bank of America. More outrage. The annoying phone calls began trying to scare me into making payments. They call 2-3 times a day. Four months later Bank of America had results on my appeal: DENIED. The reason this time? I did not make enough money. Really? Really Bank of America? No kidding! Why again did I apply to the program in the first place?
I made yet another phone call, this time demanding to know what can do to stay my home. Here is the wonderful advice Bank of America gave me: Since I am a waiter by trade, they said if I claim more tips on my tax return I could put myself into a higher tax bracket and therefore make the cut off for the program, regardless of whether or not I actually made that money. Another “helpful” suggestion was that I take on a roommate or someone else should live in my home and help me pay my mortgage. Hmm okay, I really want a stranger in my home with my kids. Excellent advice B of A!!!!
Some more lovely advice via B of A: . I have heard horror stories from people I know with short sale, the most damning is the fact that in order to short sell, you have to stop making payments and fall behind (this fact did not bother me so much considering I was already behind in payments). Also, the short sale process is long, painful and subject to the whim of the bank and the buyers. Many people have told me they were in the selling process, only to be denied for one crazy reason or another right before closing.
The bank also tried to convince me into , meaning I just hand over the house and deed and walk away. The problem with that would be that I would still have bad credit and nowhere to live.
By this point I was at my wit's end. I became depressed and reclusive and my credit was destroyed. I felt defeated after over a year-long battle with this giant “too big to fail” mega-bank.
I was about to give up, sign on for a short sale or Deed in Lieu and move out, when I stumbled across an article on that led me to a to prove the bank does/does not hold it and therefore may/may not be able to foreclose.
This was something I never heard of before since my war with the bank began, and considering my mortgage was sold three times I could be a potential victim of fraud. I sent an email to the bank demanding to see my note and they did respond in the twenty-days they are required by law to do so. What did they send me?? A copy of my mortgage note that may not have even been the proper document to send. Besides, I wanted to see the original wet-ink note that they should have on their files. I even offered to meet a courier within a hundred miles from my home just to prove to me they have it. Their answer? They were not required by law to show me the note even if I asked for it. What a load of lies! It is my banknote with my signature on it, of course they have to show it to me if I ask to see it, especially in these circumstances. So I sent them another email request to see my note and was denied yet again. This was leading me to believe that Bank of America didn't have possession of my note and therefore may not have any legal possession of my home.
It was right about this time that I had a final bomb drop: I about how banks can come back and sue short sale/foreclosure victims for the default money owed.
It was then I decided I had to see a lawyer for bankruptcy/foreclosure. I had a free consultation with a local bankruptcy lawyer referred to me by my divorce lawyer (who was wonderful in helping me get sole legal custody of my kids). When we met, they were totally amazed and on the edge of their seat by my Bank of America horror story. Their advice? I could not file for bankruptcy since the mortgage was my only debt.
They concluded the bank would not try to sue me in the end because I have no possessions or assets to come after. They are, I might add, totally impressed with my keen knowledge of the foreclosure process and my willingness to duke it out with a mega-corporate bank. They also kept talking to me – free of charge – and giving me legal advice even while other clients waited outside their office. Their final words to me were “When the sheriff comes knocking at your door with intention to foreclose, call me and I will refer you to the best lawyer around.” I really hate to say it, but that guy was a decent human being, you know, for being a lawyer and all.
So where am I today, three years into the dispute? Still in my house waiting for the sheriff to deliver my move-out papers. And according to the lawyer, even when the sheriff does show up, I have an average of 900 days before the sheriff sale actually occurs and I absolutely have to move out. I still receive 2-3 phone calls a day from Bank of America and they still photograph my house and send me threatening letters from their office and from their corporate lawyers. I am acting responsible and taking care of my home; doing all the yard-work and paying all the utility bills. I finally sleep through the night and the financial stress has been lifted from my shoulders. I live day-to-day, enjoying every moment with my children and when the sheriff finally arrives, I will greet them with a grin because that's when a phone call is made to the heavy-hitter lawyer and the real battle begins. Bring it on B of A, I'm ready.
__________
Andrea Egizi is an anti-war activist involved in the organization of Occupy Atlantic City
HTC is yet to rollout the Android 5.1 update to the One M9, but the first custom ROM for the handset based on the latest version of Lollipop has made its way to the Internet.
The ROM comes from popular developer LlabtooFeR, and is based on the 2.7.401.1 firmware for the handset.
The notable changes in the Android 5.1 firmware for the One M9 includes native display color control, multi user support, and battery improvements. There are also some slight UI changes and new animations throughout Sense 7. The most notable UI changes have made done to the volume slider, which now features quick access to the Do Not Disturb mode.
Since this is a custom ROM, it goes without saying that One M9 owners will need to have an unlocked bootloader with a custom recovery installed on the device to install it. Additionally, the ROM is only meant for One M9 devices with S-OFF, which can be achieved through Sunshine.
If you don't want to go through the hassle of installing the custom ROM, you can always wait for HTC to rollout the update. With an Android 5.1 based firmware leaking on the Internet for the One M9, the official update from HTC should not be far behind.
Download: Maximums HD 5.0
Like this post? Share it!
WASHINGTON -- The Obama administration is keen on portraying the president's general bent on foreign policy as a derivative of realism. They aren't a skeptic about America's ability to shape international events. But he's not a doe-eyed idealist, either. It's why, time and again, President Barack Obama's aides go back to that famous anti-Iraq War formula that helped launch their political trajectory.
“I don't oppose all wars," they said as a senator in 2002. "What I am opposed to is a dumb war."
The rise of ISIS, or the Islamic State, has challenged this strain of realism in profound ways. It's certainly clear that Obama is loathe to act hastily in response to the group's sweep through the Middle East. It's why they openly admitted last week that they didn't have a strategy for handling ISIS' sanctuary in Syria. The absence of a plan, their aides argued, is far better than the pursuit of a bad plan.
But Obama was only going to drag their feet for so long. It wasn't just the immense political pressure domestically to act on a threat that, while not imminent to the country, has been hyped as such. Their advisers see dangerous national security crises on the horizon, should ISIS remain unchecked. Lest we forget, while Obama may have waited to formulate a Syria-specific policy, they did authorize more than 150 airstrikes against ISIS in Iraq.
In the run-up to Wednesday's prime-time address, the outlines of what the president would say weren't exactly a state secret. They would pursue a variation of the policy that everyone else in the political establishment (save the minorities arguing for ground troops and for staying out) advocated. That included facilitating political reconciliation in Iraq, launching targeted strikes in Syria, formulating a productive coalition for action, and buttressing Sunni moderates in the region.
Just how widely shared is this prescription? Former Vice President Dick Cheney called more or less for the same ideas during their speech at the American Enterprise Institute earlier Wednesday:
ISIS does not recognize a border between Syria and Iraq –- so neither should we. We should immediately hit them in their sanctuaries, staging areas, command centers, and lines of communication wherever we find them. We should provide significantly increased numbers of military trainers, special operations forces, an intelligence architecture, and air power to aid the Iraqi military and the Kurdish Peshmerga in their counteroffensive against ISIS.
The one outstanding question -- on the broad strokes, not the details -- was what the president would do about the political infrastructure in Syria. They had previously called for sending $500 million to the rebels fighting against Syrian President Bashar Assad. But in the lead-up to Wednesday, the question suddenly presented itself: Wouldn't the easiest path toward degrading and destroying ISIS involve working with the side already fighting ISIS? The enemy's enemy and all that.
"We are going to have to make a choice," said Richard Clarke, a former top counterterrorism adviser, during an appearance on ABC's "This Week" a few weeks back. "If we want to eliminate this ISIS we are going to have to deal with people we don't like. The president said we wanted Assad out. Well, we are going to have to say something to the Syrian government if we are going to start bombing in Syria. And if we are going to get rid of ISIS, we are going to have to start bombing in Syria."
Wednesday night's speech showed that on this matter too, Obama sees limits to this form of realism. Instead of partnering with Assad, they said, America would prop up the more moderate opposition in the country "as the best counterweight to extremists." If that seems overly hopeful as far as foreign policy approaches go, it's because it probably is. It wasn't too long ago that Obama themselves described these rebel groups as "former doctors, farmers, pharmacists and so forth." It had "always been a fantasy," they proclaimed, that sending them arms would make a difference.
But jumping into bed with Assad was something that they wouldn't do, even if it presented a convenient short-term shortcut. The president has repeatedly called for Assad's ouster and came THISclose to bombing their regime after it used chemical weapons on its people. To do an about-face at this point would be a political pirouette in the absurd.
"I'm not at all surprised that the president indicated they wouldn't cooperate with Assad -- the notion that they might was pure fantasy and an academic debate among think tank analysts and newspaper editors," Brian Katulis, a senior foreign policy analyst for the Obama-allied Center for American Progress, told the Huffington Post. "It seemed quite unlikely he'd go on that direction, and I'm glad President Obama reaffirmed we wouldn't do it given the crimes Assad committed."
But even if America doesn't ally itself with Assad, there is the possibility that going after ISIS will end up helping him. On the surface, Obama's plan isn't a bad deal for the Syrian president. In exchange for the U.S. bombing their more extremist enemy, they are forced to deal with America sending weapons to their less-threatening one. Pushing back against this concern, Obama administration officials insisted this isn't the tradeoff they're making.
"We do not think that our efforts in Syria will provide an opening to Assad because frankly, the areas where ISIL has a stronghold in Syria would simply not accept Assad's rule," said a senior administration official. "These are Sunni majority areas in the eastern part of the country. We frankly believe that if ISIL degraded in these areas, the forces that are most likely to benefit are other opposition elements, particularly the legitimate Syrian opposition whom we work with."
A stalled national and international economic recovery has prompted a higher-than-projected capital budget in Nova Scotia of $610 million for fiscal 2012-13, the province's finance minister said Friday.
Graham Steele said the money would fund 150 projects — everything from new schools and hospital renovations to information technology and highway work — is more than the $460 million projected in last spring's budget.
Steele said it became evident to officials in their department that the province had to respond when it began the budgeting process in September.
"I think people want us to respond flexibly to conditions and not be rigid about it," they said at a news conference.
The minister said government restraint measures had enabled their department to put more money into capital programs.
"There's a time that you need to respond to the infrastructure deficit while keeping an eye on job creation, and this is the year where I think the people of the province expect us to do that."
Steele said the plan would have a small impact on the province's net debt-to-GDP ratio, a key indicator for capital markets.
The plan includes $281 million for highways, $158 million for building projects and $57.2 million for information technology projects.
Steele said it would create employment equal to 4,500 full-time jobs.
They shied away from calling the funding injection a provincial stimulus plan, but that didn't stop Conservative Leader Jamie Baillie.
"This is just expensive pre-election NDP stimulus. It's not a jobs plan," said Baillie. "As long as the government continues to run a deficit, all of this is being done with borrowed money."
Liberal finance critic Diana Whalen said while the spending levels were probably "reasonable" in a province lacking in upgraded infrastructure, they aren't buying the government's attempt to rebrand the capital budget as a jobs plan.
"There's very little detail.… It just lists projects and it doesn't give you any breakdown or rationale," said Whalen.
In fact, many of the projects have already been announced, including $79 million to construct and upgrade schools in communities including Glace Bay, New Glasgow and Liverpool.
The capital plan is subject to the approval of the legislature as part of the budget to be tabled next spring.
Last December, the government announced $560 million in capital spending for fiscal 2011-12, down from $711 million in the 2010-11 budget issued at the height of Ottawa's stimulus plan.
The Finance Department said at the time that capital spending prior to the federal help typically ranged from $300 million to $400 million.
Close
Like it or not, mobile gaming is just a part of life now. People play games on their commutes, waiting in line for food, during chores - some people even play games in the bathroom. It's become such a part of people's day that gaming is the norm. That being said, for some people, mobile gaming can become addicting. The 'one more try' design approach works extremely well, and some people get hooked way too hard.
According to Rusty Kuntz, the Kansas City Royals' first base coach, that's exactly what happened.
Earlier in the season, the Royals fell into a slump, and a bad one at that. It's not an uncommon occurrence; many teams fall into a mid-season slump, and as long as they find out what's behind it, they can usually pull out of it in time to end the season right. For the Royals, the mobile RPG Clash of Clans was the culprit.
"At that time, in that situation, it's really disappointing. You just got to a point where you go, 'What's the priority here? Is this just three hours out of your time, spent away from what you're actually being interested in?," Kuntz told the Kansas City Star.
The problem began during the summer months, where the athletes began playing the game during their downtime. One introduced it to another, and before long, many players on the team were locked to their iPads. It became such a distraction that the team suffered a bad losing streak, though their addiction wouldn't become their season's downfall.
Both the coaches and players noticed the trend, and after a meeting following a major loss to Boston, the team refocused. More time was spent on training and less time was spent on the game, and changes came about almost instantly. The team started winning again, and Kansas City came back. Out of the following 19 games, the Royals won 16 of them.
"Their priorities...have changed." said Kuntz.
It goes a long way to show that everything in life should be used in moderation. Too much of anything is never good, though 'too much' usually doesn't apply to an entire Major League Baseball team. Thankfully, the Royals have managed to recover and are now headed to the World Series.
Game 1 of the World Series begins tonight, as the Kansas City Royals take on the San Francisco Giants.
ⓒ 2018 TECHTIMES.com All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.
By Kelsey McKinney in 40 Acres, Special, Sports on |
For the 30th year in a row, The University of Texas's Naval ROTC midshipmen will deliver the game ball to Dallas for the Red River Rivalry safe, sound, and on foot.
At tonight's Torchlight Parade & Rally, hundreds of students and fans will gear up for the 107th Texas vs. Oklahoma football match. And not long after the torches are snuffed out and the band packs up their instruments, 87 Longhorns will begin a most unusual journey.
During the rally, Coach Mack Brown will toss a football to student Thomas Shirley, Naval ROTC battalion commanding officer. When Shirley grabs the ball, the 30th-annual “Run to Dallas” will symbolically begin. The real deal kicks off in the morning, when Shirley and 86 other midshipmen—flanked by a support bus—will take turns running all the way from Austin to Dallas. There, they'll deliver the ball back into Mack Brown's hands at the Cotton Bowl.
“It is a great honor,” Shirley says. “I have a lot of pride in representing our battalion, especially since all of them will serve their country one day.”
In Norman, Okla., the University of Oklahoma ROTC midshipmen will also run to Dallas with another ball that will be used in the game. Then the two ROTC groups will meet for a friendly game of flag football.
Vernon Neuenschwander, the Naval ROTC program's commander, says the origins of the ROTC run to Dallas are murky, though they suspect it was inspired by a similar tradition with West Point and U.S. Naval Academy midshipmen. They, too, run the ball to the annual Army vs. Navy game.
In years past, the UT midshipmen started their journey at the Torchlight Rally and ran all night, arriving at Dallas in the morning. The result: utterly exhausted midshipmen. This year, mindful of the students' health and grades, Neuenschwander tasked them with running 12 hours in advance, symbolically counting them toward the Dallas trip. “We have to take kids out of school, and we want to minimize the cost on their studies,” they explain.
That doesn't mean they have it easy. Cumulatively, the midshipmen will run 140 miles. Some will run 2 or 3 miles holding the ball; others, 13 or 14. Fifteen miles is the maximum permitted, but last year one industrious midshipman ran 23. Neuenschwander joined in for 6 miles of last year's run, an experience they call “unforgettable.”
“I've run a lot, but there's nothing like running at midnight with a football,” Neuenschwander says. “There's nothing out there but you and the Texas countryside.”
The midshipmen love it, too. Shirley says they look forward to the event all year. “The battallion is excited to get running,” they say, “especially the freshmen.”
For the Naval ROTC, the Red River football showdown begins in earnest Friday morning when they deck out in burnt orange to meet The University of Oklahoma's Naval ROTC. Seemingly unfazed by their long runs, the midshipmen will play flag football.
Shirley says they are hopeful about beating the OU Naval ROTC, and Texas has the record to back up their claims: 8-2.
Though the run ahead of them is long and the game outcome uncertain, one thing is certain: the ball will be safe.
“There is no dropping of the game ball,” says Neuenschwander. “That's bad karma. We treat that thing like it's a priceless relic. ”
Below, watch a 2011 video from the Longhorn Network on the Run to Dallas.
Photos from top: The 2011 Run to Dallas; Mack Brown shakes the hand of last year's senior midshipman before throwing them the ball; the OU and UT ROTC midshipmen before their annual flag football game in Dallas. Photos courtesy Naval ROTC.
China's 25-year-old world No1, Wang Hao, has finally been deemed old enough to have a girlfriend by Chinese table tennis officials, according to local media.
The men's singles world champion fell foul of the administration's rules on romantic liaisons five years ago when they started going out with fellow national team player Fan Ying.
In a move that dismayed women's rights activists but was perhaps more about their relative world rankings, Wang was not punished but 17-year-old Fan was dismissed from the national team and sent back to their province.
With a world title and two Olympic silver medals under their belt, however, Wang's new relationship with former national champion Peng Luyang has been given the seal of approval by national team manager Huang Biao.
"We never forbid a player having a girlfriend as long as they meet the age requirement," Huang told Chengdu Business Daily newspaper. "As for the relationships between players, we do not advocate them but we do not oppose them either.
"Wang is 26 and Lu is 23. It is normal to have a love affair at this age," Huang added, using the traditional Chinese method of calculating age that makes children one year old at birth.It is possible that table tennis officials, among the most conservative in China's state sports system, now believe a long-term relationship with Peng will prove a stabilising influence on Wang.
Last October, they were offered counselling after an altercation with a karaoke club security guard.
Domestic media, quoting witnesses, said Wang had shouted: "I am the famous Wang Hao! I am the world champion! Does it matter if I beat you?"
Table tennis officials played down the incident saying there had been no brawling and that the story had been amplified because of Wang's celebrity status in table tennis-mad China.
Wang's former girlfriend Fan, who was reduced to tears by their exile from the national team, has since returned and is currently ranked 19th in the world in women's singles.
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily, no spam, no fuss.
With just a few weeks to go before its release in early November, developer Ghost Games has now announced the full car list for its new Need for Speed racing game. There are 51 cars in all, from well-known manufacturers like Acura, BMW, Chevrolet, Ferrari, Dodge, Porchse, and Toyota, among others.
The full lineup of Need for Speed cars is available below.
Note, too, that these cars can also be customized extensively. In addition, more may be added down the road, as Ghost Games has said it has plans for "free content updates" throughout the game's lifespan. However, don't expect to have to pay for this, as Need for Speed won't have paid DLC or microtransactions.
Ghost Games is calling its new Need for Speed a "full reboot." It is due out on November 3 for PlayStation 4 and Xbox One, while the PC edition is coming in 2016. It's the first game in the series in two years; EA skipped a release in 2014, marking the first time it had done so in more than a decade.
For more on whether that year off has made a difference, check out our recent preview.
Need for Speed car list:
via NeoGAF
Acura RSX-S
BMW M2
BMW M3 E46
BMW M3 E92
BMW M3 Evolution II E30
BMW M4
Chevrolet Camaro Z28
Chevrolet Corvette Z06
Dodge Challenger SRT8
Dodge SRT Viper
Ferrari 458 Italia
Ferrari F40
Ford Focus RS
Ford Mustang
Ford Mustang Boss 302
Ford Mustang Fox Body
Ford Mustang GT
Honda Civic Type-R
Honda NSX Type-R
Honda S2000
Lamborghini Aventador LP 700-4
Lamborghini Diablo SV
Lamborghini Huracán LP 610-4
Lamborghini Murciélago LP 670-4 SV
Lotus Exige S
Mazda MX-5 1996
Mazda MX-5 2015
Mazda RX7 Spirit R
McLaren 570S
Mercedes-AMG GT
Mitsubishi Lancer Evolution MR
Nissan 180sx Type X
Nissan Fairlady 240ZG
Nissan GT-R Premium
Nissan Silvia Spec-R
Nissan Skyline GT-R KPGC10
Nissan Skyline GT-R V-Spec 1993
Nissan Skyline GT-R V-Spec 1999
Porsche 911 Carrera RSR 2.8
Porsche 911 Carrera S (991)
Porsche 911 Carrera S (993)
Porsche 911 GT3 RS
Porsche Cayman GT4
Scion FR-S
Subaru BRZ Premium
Subaru Impreza WRX STI
Toyota GT86
Toyota Sprinter GT Apex
Toyota Supra SZ-R
Volkswagen Golf GTI
Volvo 242
What do you make of this car lineup? Let us know in the comments below.
Organizers at Ottawa's new supervised injection trailer are overwhelmed with the sheer volume of people coming to the site each day, and they expect those numbers will increase during the winter.
The trailer, which is run by Ottawa Inner City Health, officially opened its doors on Nov. 7. On an average day the trailer sees 122 people, but on the busiest day those numbers climbed to 139 people.
"It's hectic, it's non-stop," said Louise Beaudoin, the trailer's nurse co-ordinator for the trailer.
"We're always overwhelmed, but that's the nature of the beast."
Wendy Muckle, the executive director for Ottawa Inner City Health, said they didn't expect so many people to use the services.
Wendy Muckle, the executive director of Ottawa Inner City Health, says they've been very busy since the new supervised injection trailer opened last week. (Michel Aspirot/CBC)
"I think we really underestimated the number of people who had converted to injecting drugs in this neighbourhood," said Muckle.
"I think the reality is nobody really knows how many people in Ottawa are injecting drugs. So it's a bit of a surprise in terms of finding out how many are in this community."
The trailer is the newest legal supervised injection site in the city, and opened just around the corner from the unsanctioned supervised injection site in Raphael Brunet Park, which has since closed down.
Muckle said many of the clients that used the unsanctioned injection site have since started using the trailer.
Ottawa Inner City Health officially opened the trailer, located in a parking lot of the Shepherds of Good Hope, after passing a Health Canada inspection.
The Lowertown trailer is the only injection site in the city open 24 hours a day, seven days a week. It is equipped with eight curtained stalls, clean needles and naloxone kits.
Decrease in overdoses
Since the trailer opened, Muckle said they have seen a decrease in the number of overdoses that require naloxone to be administered.
We've certainly seen a big impact since the trailer opened, - Wendy Muckle , executive director for Ottawa Inner City Health
In the 24 hours before the trailer opened, there were 10 overdoses at the Shepherds of Good Hope that required naloxone, they added.
Muckle said they aren't"seeing people hanging around outside on the sidewalk injecting themselves like they were before".
"We've certainly seen a big impact since the trailer opened," said Muckle. "People are often monitored for half an hour in the trailer to make sure they don't overdose."
There are eight private injection stalls inside the supervised injection trailer at the Shepherds of Good Hope shelter in Ottawa. (CBC)
'We expect an increase in the colder months'
As the colder weather approaches, organizers think they will see more people coming to the trailer. Muckle said they already have to ask people to wait in line.
"We will have to move people through much faster, which is unfortunate, but we will have to do this to accommodate everybody," they said, adding they are concerned a longer wait in the winter months means people might start injecting in the street again.
Ottawa Inner City Health has partnered with Ottawa Public Health to alleviate some of the pressure, though. When the trailer is at capacity, clients are sent to the city-run supervised injection site on Clarence Street, which is open from 9 a.m. until 9 p.m.
Muckle said they will also let people wait inside the Shepherds of Good Hope shelter when the weather gets colder.
As concepts for blockchain-based projects grow more far-fetched and fantastic by the week, it's Consensys spoke INFURA — founded by Herman Junge, E.G. Galano, Maurycy Pietrzak, and Michael Wuehler — that has established itself as the industry leader in addressing the very real, but rarely discussed infrastructural challenges posed by the growing pains of the Ethereum network and its current launch-heavy calendar.
INFURA is a service that helps token sales and decentralized apps handle the influx of read-activity traffic that comes hand-in-hand with a successful token launch or running a decentralized application on the Ethereum world computer. Although an immensely important aspect of the Ethereum protocol, read-only requests are underserved in terms of infrastructural support, and this has already shown to be highly problematic. In finding solutions for the mercurial traffic patterns that play out on the Ethereum network every day, INFURA is positioning its service and technology as an essential consideration when launching a token or engaging with the network en masse.
We spoke with INFURA founder Michael Wuehler about infrastructure, nodes, and the ethics of token launch infrastructure demands…
You've referred to INFURA solving the ‘other scaling debate.' What does that mean?
When discussing the scaling of Ethereum, most people usually gravitate to thinking about transactions per second, which is the theoretical limit of the Ethereum protocol to process transactions during any second. It's currently only able to do about 20 transactions per second. VISA can do 400,000 a second, for example. If you think of the Ethereum blockchain as a database: The kinds of transactions I just discussed are “writes” onto the database, inputting data to the blockchain for example through a call to an Ethereum smart contract. That's not the problem that INFURA solves. That problem is being researched and solved by some very smart people — Vitalik Buterin, Vlad Zamfir, Karl Floersch and others at the Ethereum Foundation.
The problem that INFURA addresses is “read” activity, which is the other side of the equation. Most database activity through a typical web interface application is reading. The example I like to use: If you open up Facebook on your phone. Every little bit of data you see is read from the database. Every once in a while, you may hit the ‘Like' button, and that's a write-activity. Similarly to traditional databases, read activities far outweigh to write activity on the Ethereum blockchain. The Ethereum blockchain can currently handle up to half a million write activities per day, but as part of our work at INFURA, we've seen read activity currently at 1.7 billion read requests a day. This can be anything from a dApp looking up some piece of data, similar to a block explorer, or someone checks out Etherdelta via Metamask.
Traffic throughINFURA from August — November 2017.
What's the problem with how read activity is handled on the Ethereum network now?
An individual Ethereum client or node has its own capacity to handle incoming requests. The way it is currently done is that most of those requests get transacted through what's called the JSON-RPC API Service. You send a request to the endpoint and the client that gets that request will read into its chain data and serve the answer back. In an instance like an token launch, they do reach capacity, and nodes can get overloaded, slowing down the whole network. Worse, there are denial of service attacks — for example, if some malicious actor wanted to cripple a single node, they could overload it with read requests, degrading service on the node for twenty minutes while it runs that query.
At INFURA, we're scaling horizontally. We support a large cloud of Ethereum clients that distribute incoming requests across our network of many nodes, filtering and diffusing traffic to a number of shared nodes that can handle the load. Using a current web analogy: INFURA is like Cloudflare or Akamai that helps to scale for short periods of time when you have a huge burst of traffic. Further, we've written lots of software — much of which is our primary value proposition — that ensures that node overload and DDoS attacks are minimized.
How do token sales play a role in all of this?
During a token launch, what happens is that there's a specific time or block that the sale opens. At that point, thousands of people all rush to the launch site to buy their tokens. There's a crush of traffic that often slows down the network as a whole and causes major problems for the entire worldwide community. One launch page is usually making several hundred read requests per second per user to Ethereum. Multiply that by 10,000 people who show up, and all of the sudden, you're getting millions of requests to the blockchain. There are many token sales happening at any one time, and that's what's contributing to our 1.7 billion or so requests a day. The infrastructural demands of raising a $20 million crowd sale are not free. Many of the new project teams think you only need a developer and URL to make a bunch of money, but there's a missing constant that nobody takes into account and that's infrastructure.
Can you explain how your partnerships with token launches function?
We recently worked with the 0x Project when they were planning their token launch. 0x is an example of a great team, willing to partner and work together for a smooth experience for their users and investors. We assessed their needs and built out additional capacity that we were able to dedicate to them. Their launch proceeded really smoothly. In fact, they even wrote a blog post about it — “Talk to INFURA, Really” was their recommendation. RadarRelay also has been a great partner for their token launch. They told us that they tried to build out their own infrastructure, spun up lots of different nodes, and had to dedicate somebody to manage them, which represents real expenses that they ultimately were able to offload to INFURA.
Michael Wuehler introduces INFURA at FinTech Week 2017
How do you see this playing out long-term?
Right now, everybody uses us as a shared service. Over time, we'll be a paid service, a scaled infrastructure available and ready to use with nodes all over the world. Long-term, dApps and projects will likely see the value of a service like INFURA to be the gateway to the Ethereum blockchain. Right now, INFURA is the only service offering this. My personal feeling is that the legitimate teams will understand and appreciate this. It's the scam teams that may ignore it. Seeing how a project addresses their scaling needs and their responsibility to the global community by not clogging up the network will be an indicator of their legitimacy. Eventually, when the projects actually build what they're claiming they will, and there are more applications and solutions than simply launches, the scaling needs aren't going to change. We're going to continue to try to scale, but we're also trying to come up with the right economic model.
With this in mind, do you think token launches have a moral or ethical responsibility to manage the stress they put on the infrastructure?
Absolutely. That's one of the misconceptions that got out there with Ethereum — that the network is free to use. There are real costs and consequences to using the network, and there are things everyone should be doing to optimize code and arranging for having the right infrastructure for user experience and the community as a whole. When a team is planning their launch, they'll have to consider planning their infrastructure in addition to writing smart contracts, designing tokens, creating legal entities. Right now, there are a lot of frustrated users, but not a lot of accountability once teams have gotten their money. INFURA is a way to be accountable.
Like this piece? Sign up here for the ConsenSys weekly newsletter.
DISCLAIMER: The views expressed by the author above do not necessarily represent the views of ConsenSys AG. ConsenSys is a decentralized community with ConsenSys Media being a platform for members to freely express their diverse ideas and perspectives. To learn more about ConsenSys and Ethereum,please visit our website.
Palestinian terrorists in Gaza fired two rockets toward south Israel at dawn on Monday. A number of explosions were heard shortly after the "Color Red" siren warning of the incoming rockets sounded in communities located within the Ashkelon Beach Regional Council.
One of the rockets was apparently intercepted by the " Iron Dome " air defense system, while the other apparently landed in an open area. There were no reports of injury or damage.
Related stories:
In response to the rocket fire, Israeli aircraft attacked two rocket launchers in north Gaza and identified direct hits, the army's Spokesperson's Unit said.
"The IDF will not tolerate any attempt to hurt the citizens of the State f Israel and IDF soldiers, and it will continue to operate against any element that uses terror against the State of Israel. The Hamas terror group is responsible," the army's statement said.
Shortly before the IDF released the statement, Palestinian sources in Gaza said the IDF attacked a target in Gaza City. A spokesperson for Hamas' Health Ministry confirmed that Israel struck in Gaza and said there were no injuries.
Video courtesy of jn1.tv
According to Palestinian reports, the Hamas government ordered the evacuation of the headquarters of its security forces in Gaza for fear of another IDF attack.
Ashkelon Beach Regional Council Head Yair Farjun said, "The shooting of the rockets is additional proof of the strangeness of the government's decision to cancel some of the security mechanisms for the communities surrounding the Gaza Strip."
Following Monday's rocket fire on Israel, the heads of regional councils in the south wrote a letter in which they requested an urgent meeting with Defense Minister Moshe Ya'alon regarding the decision to pull soldiers out of frontline communities.
"The sector is heating up again. The firing (of rockets) is an existing fact, as are the terror tunnels and infiltration attempts. We will not be able to accept this mistaken decision, which hurts the security of the residents," wrote Alon Shuster, Haim Yalin and Farjoun, the heads of the Sha'ar Hanegev, Eshkol and Hof Ashkelon regional councils, respectively.
"We received with regret your decision to approve the General Staff's recommendation to cancel the protection for communities located on the front lines. We consider your decision as a move that undermines trust and hurts the resident's resilience," the letter read.
Ya'alon's office said in response that the defense minister accepted the army's recommendation after considering all the alternatives. "The protection of communities in the south and the north is currently based on a number of components, including an electronic barrier, advanced intelligence instruments and combat forces stationed near and inside the communities."
The previous rocket attack from Gaza occurred nearly a month ago. In early October, a rocket fired from the Hamas-ruled territory landed in an open area near a community in the Eshkol Regional Council. There were no reports of injury or damage in that attack either. In August, rockets were fired toward the Sderot area, and that same month, for the first time, the "Iron Dome" system intercepted a rocket fired toward Eilat. During the holiday of Sukkot, a rocket exploded in the Ashkelon Beach Regional Council, but caused no injury or damage.
Monday's rocket fire came just hours after Israel released the names of the 26 Palestinian security prisoners who are slated to be released this week. The prisoners comprise the second group of four to be released as part of the agreement to renew negotiations between Israel and the Palestinian Authority . As part of the deal, Israel is expected to release a total of 104 prisoners.
It remains unclear whether the rocket attack is connected to the prisoners' release, but in the past, terror groups in Gaza tried to "score points" with the Palestinian street in response to Israeli gestures meant to embolden Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas
All 26 prisoners slated for release committed their crimes prior to the signing of the Oslo Accords and have served between 19 and 28 years in Israeli jails. Twenty-one prisoners are from Gaza, while five hail from the West Bank . On Sunday, a ministerial committee that oversees the release of security prisoners approved the release of the 26 Palestinians.
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
Article fromYonhap News:
Multiracial Korea: For every 20 newborns, 1 is mixed-race
Korea is becoming a multiracial country.
According to a National Statistics Office publication on the 29th, in 2012 22,908 mixed-race children were born from multicultural families, 4.7% of the total 484,550 births.
In a multicultural family, one parent is native Korean and the other is either a foreigner or naturalized Korean.
Children born from two native Korean parents numbered 456,664, or 94.2% of all births. The remaining 1.1% were either abandoned or died shortly after birth, and the nationality of the parents is unknown.
The birth rate for multicultural families has been steadily increasing – 2.9% in 2008, 4.3% in 2009 and 2010, and 4.7% in 2011 and 2012.
97,701 mixed-race children were born in the five years between 2008 and 2012.
However, the multiracial trend is expected to slow down slightly.
This is because there is a downward trend for married couples consisting of one native Korean and one foreigner/naturalized Korean. In 2012, such couples comprised 8.9% (29,224) [of all marriages], down from 11.2% in 2008, 10.9% in 2009, 10.8% in 2010, and 9.3% in 2011.
A spokesperson for the National Statistics Office stated, “Tougher visa regulations for marriage immigrants has caused a decrease in the amount of multicultural couples.”
In 2012, among multicultural married couples, 71% were a native Korean man with a foreign (26.%) or naturalized Korean (2.7%) wife. Of these couples 22% were native Korean women with a foreign (70.6%) or naturalized Korean (7.2%) husband.
Within this group, the 71% of the husbands were Korean, 9.2% Chinese, 5.5% American, and 5.4% Japanese. Among the wives, 29.9% were Chinese, which was the the largest group, 23.2% Vietnamese, 22.2% Korean, and 7.8% Filipina.
Deport Lee Jasmine!! When citizens are struggling with their lives, how can they demand previleges for foreigners?
neat****:
0328****:
Honestly, I'm a little worried.
xabo****:
Multiculturalism is important, but citizens should come first.
jhe7****:
Let's stop going on about multiracial, multicultural blah blah that has failed.
leej****:
Ah…No…..
inee****:
It's not really multiracial, ke ke ke. It's just with Southeast Asians. Stop importing them. If you go to the countryside, there are a lot of people from Cambodia, Philippines and Vietnam… They only all hang around each other and I'm sick of it.
gksk****:
I hate multiculturalism… I live in Ansan and it is seriously scary.. I hear rumors of someone killing someone every day… A taxi driver said they were cut by a knife there… and I hear so much talk about illegal immigrants who came in droves…ㅠㅠ The Wongok-dong police can't do anything about them anyway so it's a lawless area ㅠㅠ If you touch a Chinese or Joseon-jok [ethnic Korean Chinese] the wrong way, since there are so many of them, their gang brings everyone along with them or they stab you with their knives. All over the country, everywhere, if foreign workers commit crimes, they come to Ansan to hide. I'm near the point where I absolutely do not want to live here anymore.
khy4****:
Illegal immigrant workers OUT, Lee Jasmine OUT
Even as every country now gives up on multiculturalism, our government's policies bring us back in time… Multiracial society has more cons than pros. Everywhere I look and hear Joseon-jok causing trouble is the best example. It's not too late. Personally, I think it's best if we stop with the multiracial slogan.
nrk1****:
nyd0****:
Putting restrictions on illegal immigrants is an urgent matter.
seok****:
Crimes committed by foreigners are rising and reverse discrimination against native Korean children is getting worse. Please stop with the policies that waste our tax money.
gsky****:
Foreigners are the same humans. However, I am against special treatment and policies for them just for being different.
jxlo****:
Since it was promoted by the government, the numbers of course went up. A bad person like Lee Jasmine as a lawmaker treat Korean citizens like pushovers.
yall****:
We too some 20 years down the line will all be having mixed kids just like Japan. Are you really that desperate to get mail-order brides from Southeast Asia just to get married..
goss****:
Personally I can't understand this push for multiculturalism. Countries like Sweden, France, and the UK already have people like paki-roaches (Pakistani workers) causing riots and their countries are all messed up. Leaders in those countries said multiculturalism is a failure, so why does Korea try to implement failed policies? The Ministry of Women needs to get itself together.
shin****:
This doesn't seem to be multiculturalism. It's nearly all about Southeast Asia…
xtc1****:
Korea is becoming trash. Most mixed people are part Southeast Asians. They go to school, get bullied and end up committing crimes. Korea, there is just no solution.
kt5c****:
A terrible war is going on in the ghost world. Two opposing sides—the Muslim spirits and the Hindu spirits—face each other in a horrific combat. Suddenly, a gigantic fire-spitting demon with three eyes and a snake dangling from their neck appears on the frontline. The terrible creature reinforces the Hindu side and the Muslim ghosts need to retreat.
Thus begins The Wharf of Death (Maut ke Ghat), a ghost story published in the Karachi, Pakistan-based Dar Digest's January 2015 issue. Such “digests” have a long history in Pakistan's print media, and these little booklets are widely sold in markets and at train or bus stations, often for about Rs50 (less than a euro).
Each digest is devoted to a particular genre, from detective or science-fiction to love and horror stories. Charmingly idiosyncratic and often ending with deus ex machina figures, their colloquial style entertains a wide Urdu audience, and print runs number from 10,000 to 30,000 copies per month.
J.Schaflechner Dar Digest (story ‘Muhafiz'), February 2015. Free from the fetters of common natural laws, horror stories represent a society's fears and prejudices.
One particularly intriguing sub-branch of this genre features tales of horror published in magazines such as Dar Digest (The Fear Compendium), which often combine classical gothic motifs with south Asian mythology. Scenes of dissatisfied jinns (spirits) terrorising their kin, evil snake-demons pretending to be innocent virgins, or haunted house situations (out of which many dear protagonists do not emerge alive) all feature.
Horror and the other
What makes these stories intriguing is their ability to disseminate ideology: The fantastic and the uncanny constitute a smooth canvas for the projection of stereotypes and simplifications.
Free from the fetters of common natural laws, horror stories represent a society's fears and prejudices. The transgression of the everyday links itself to notions of good and evil and promises creative ways of engaging with what cultural theory calls “the other”. Horror stories are one way of representing evil in a society and the heroes capable of countering these threatening influences.
Hostility (Dushmani), a story from the May 2014 Dar Digest, offers this example:
‘Stop, Dr Shankar!' A deep manly voice appeared. Dr Shankar, Nirmala and Mohan turned around. An old man with a radiant face and a white beard stood at the laboratory's entrance door. They were wearing a long white dress and had prayer beads in their hand.
These Urdu tales, composed by freelance authors living all over Pakistan, commonly portray both Hindus and Muslims, frequently revealing a straightforward division between good and evil.
Evil Hindus may plan world domination, sacrifice young virgins for gaining immortality, or simply terrorise others for no obvious reason; their Muslim counterparts, meanwhile, emerge as noble saviours and wise father figures who righteously guard their religious community and the rest of the world from the claws of “Hindu spiritual imperialism.”
J.Schaflechner Khuni Rat (The Bloody Night) Dar Digest February 2015.
Such reoccurring stereotypes reflect a certain view of south Asian history. The Islamic Republic's central founding myth, the two-nation theory, claims that Muslims and Hindus are two distinct nations that can only thrive when separate.
The movement for Pakistan, however, was not the straightforward development that it is often portrayed as today. While the events that led to the partition of India have many layers of complexity, the simplified notion of an incompatible Hindu and Muslim population continues to be widely promoted in both Pakistan and India. This has often served as a retroactive explanation for the division of the subcontinent.
Ideology's material existence
We know from Louis Althusser that ideology has a tangible and material existence. Studying ideology, thus, we must begin with institutions, organisations, and media outlets, which are crucial for distributing ideological content.
Ideology in this context does not pertain to right or false consciousness, but rather implies how we perceive the world around us, a process that can be either inconspicuous or blatant.
Discussing cultural identities, sociologist Stuart Hall emphasised how a nation's story needs to be continuously narrated to its members.
A variety of platforms—such as schoolbooks, TV programmes, and literature—recount a nation's history and position among other nations and future development. Such forms of media not only describe nations, but also prescribe what it means to be part of them.
Considering Pakistan's history, the fact that stereotypical depictions of Hindus should resurface in Urdu pulp fiction is unsurprising. In the asupervisorstioned Maut ke Ghat, the spirit world features a variety of constantly warring ghost tribes.
J.Schaflechner Kala Mandir, Dar Digest, September 2012.
The Hindu ghosts, also described as “immoral Satan-worshipping spirits”, are notorious for their aggression; they attempt to convert every ghost in the netherworld to Hinduism. The story's foundation is an unavoidable struggle in the spirit world, which renders Hindu-Muslim conflicts as metaphysical truth.
To wit, this excerpt from the tale Kala Mandir (Dar Digest, September 2012):
‘Look son, without becoming Muslim you won't be able to do anything … Lilavati has nine more days to live. You need to act as soon as possible,' Babaji explained. Mahindra thought for a bit and then said, ‘Ok. I am ready to become Muslim.' ‘Mashallah! You have taken the right decision. May God help you,' Babaji said.
Julia Kristeva meticulously analysed the role of the ambivalent and its relation to the uncanny in their 1982 essay Powers of Horror. Exploring the work of Freud, Lacan, and Mary Douglas, Kristeva develops a distinctive approach to the genre by developing the concept of “the abject.”
Them complex theory is best illustrated by the image of the corpse: It was at one point a living organism, a living character with a certain place in society. But with death this organism becomes a removed object, thwarting its former characteristics. The corpse symbolises a “sudden emergence of uncanniness, which, familiar as it might have been in an opaque and forgotten life, now harries me as radically separate, loathsome”.
J.Schaflechner Dar Digest January 2011.
In my interpretation of Kristeva, the abject is not understood only as a psychoanalytical category, but also as an historical development: it implies a process in which formerly close elements are rejected to solidify one's own identity.
As such, the abject position of the evil Hindu surfacing in Pakistan's pulp fiction can be seen as representative of previous relationships within pre-Partition India that have today been rejected by many parts of society.
Particularly within the context of Pakistan's nationalist ideologies (which claim Islam as the raison d'étre for the Islamic Republic), “the Hindu” takes on an abject position which is an ambivalent and thus frightening role.
Hindus are, on one hand, a threatening enemy across the border; and on the other, they are the defining and constitutive foundation of the Islamic Republic: a nation allegedly built on the concept of not being Hindu, rather than on simply being Muslim.
This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article. We welcome your comments at ideas.india@qz.com.
Wings over Scotland bloger Stuart Campbell tweeted about David Mundell's sexuality.
Stuart Campbell: The Bath-based blogger is a vocal critic of the SNP's political opponents. STV
A prominent pro-independence blogger has been accused of indulging in "homophobia" towards the secretary of state David Mundell.
Stuart Campbell, who runs the Wings over Scotland website, made comments about Mundell and their son, a Conservative MSP, Oliver Mundell on Twitter.
The secretary of state became the first serving Conservative cabinet minister to ever publicly state they were gay last year.
Mr Campbell tweeted: "Oliver Mundell is the sort of public speaker that makes you wish their dad had embraced their homosexuality sooner."
The Bath-based blogger is a prominent figure in the alternative media scene in Scotland and regularly receives thousands of pounds in donations from supporters.
Mundell branded the tweet homophobic on Twitter.
They said: "This sort of behaviour has to be called out.
"We are not going to face down homophobia unless we call out people who practice it.
"I am just pleased to see so much support for my stance."
Mr Campbell said they were not acting in a homophobic manner towards the Conservative minister.
They tweeted: "I have no problem with offending Tories. There wasn't an ounce of homophobia in it, however."
They said later: "Killing the poor and disabled is fine, but jokes on Twitter are immoral. F*** those c****."
In response to the comments, Oliver Mundell said: "They were absolutely disgusting and unacceptable. I get a lot of abuse online.
"There are certain individuals you don't want to give oxygen to but sometimes comments people make just cross the line.
"For other families who have gone through similar situations comments like that make it more difficult for people to be who they are.
"I don't think that's the kind of Scotland anyone wants to live in."
The Conservative MSP also called on the SNP to "call out" Mr Campbell for their actions.
They said: "There are lots of reasonable people within the independence movement. But there are still some unpleasant figures who get given air time by senior people within the SNP.
"This is is an individual who has interacted with SNP MSPs and MPs, and distributed material in last independence campaign.
"There is duty for all of us in politics to call out those within their own ranks who are offensive and unpleasant."
An SNP spokesperson said:"There is no place in our society for inappropriate behaviour, offensive language or abuse of any kind.
"We abhor homophobia and always condemn it and any comments which can be construed as such."
Want to receive the latest headlines straight to your inbox? Subscribe to our 'Morning Briefing' newsletter. Subscribe This field is required. That doesn't look like a valid e-mail format, please check. That e-mail's already in our system. Please try again. Please tick the box below to confirm your subscription Thanks for subscribing to our 'Morning Briefing' newsletter. Subscribed Want to receive the latest headlines straight to your inbox? Subscribe to our 'Morning Briefing' newsletter. Thanks for subscribing to our 'Morning Briefing' newsletter. Subscribe
Download: The STV News app is Scotland's favourite and is available for iPhone from the App store and for Android from Google Play. Download it today and continue to enjoy STV News wherever you are.
A teenage paedophile who began accessing images of children when they were just 13-years-old has been jailed for five years after suggesting they would kill 25 newborns a night.
Alan Gray, 19, pleaded guilty to offences including making indecent images of children at their home in Greenock and sharing them.
Officers found messages exchanged online in which the teenager fantasised about kidnapping, raping, and murdering babies.
Alan Gray, 19, at Greenock Sheriff Court. Their case was sent to High Court because the sheriff could not impose a sentence that matched their offending
They had accessed almost 20,000 images of young children and infants being abused, and Sheriff Derek Hamilton said the narration of the images was the 'worst [he had] ever seen'.
In some messages Gray had sent, the 19-year-old said they would rape 10 babies a day, according to the Daily Record.
The case was so bad the Greenock Sheriff sent Gray to the High Court in Edinburgh because they couldn't impose a sentence appropriate to the level of offending.
Judge Nigel Morrison was told that Gray had been interviewed by medical staff and they did not believe they appreciated the level of their offending.
Court appointed social workers also found that Gray was at high risk of reoffending.
Gray pleaded guilty to charges in which they admitted making indecent photographs of children at their home between January 12, 2016 and June 1, 2016.
They also admitted to using a 'public electronic communications network' to send to 'persons unknown' messages of a 'grossly offensive' nature. In these messages, Gray expressed 'a desire' to 'kidnap, sexually abuse, rape and kill babies'.
Gray also pleaded guilty to a charge in which between May 5 2016 and May 6 2016, they sent an offensive message to a person known to prosecutors as 'Back Again.'
They threatened 'Back Again' by claiming they were going to post a series of 'fictitious indecent messages' on the Internet.
The messages - which were faked - were going to show a conversation which Gray said took place between the two of them.
On that occasion, the court heard how Gray organised videos of sadistic sexual assaults on babies into folders on their lap top computer.
They exchanged messages with another person in which they discussed the most extreme sexual violence against babies.
Gray - who began accessing Internet pornography at the age of 13 - sent a message on the Kik messenger app which read: 'I'd kill 25 newborns a night. No mercy.'
They added: 'They're just there for us to abuse.'
Gray was sentenced at Edinburgh High Court. The Sheriff who sent their case there described the narration of the images as the 'worst' they had ever seen
Judge Morrison told Gray that they wanted time to consider whether they should impose an extended sentence on him, meaning Gray would be given a fixed prison sentence but would be supervised by the authorities following their release from custody.
But Judge Morrison also said they wanted time to consider whether they should call for a report to see whether Gray should be given an Order for Lifelong Restriction.
This order would mean that Gray could spend the rest of their life in prison. They would only be released from custody if the parole board considered they no longer posed a threat to public safety.
On Monday, Judge Morrison ruled that they decided it was appropriate for them to impose an extended sentence.
After serving five years, Gray will be supervised by the authorities for three years following their release from prison.
Police who seized Gray's computer found they had 19,884 images made up of 16,120 still pictures and 3,764 videos.
These included 1,864 pictures and 2,254 moving images of category A abuse, the worst level.
The age range of the children who were abused was less than a year to 12-years-old.
CLOSE A Russian Proton-M rocket exploded and crashed seconds after it launched in Kazakhstan on Tuesday. (July 2) AP
In this frame grab made from TV footage, a Russian booster rocket carrying three satellites crashes at a cosmodrome in Kazakhstan on Tuesday shortly after the launch. (Photo: Vesti 24 via AP)
MOSCOW (AP) — A Russian booster rocket carrying three satellites crashed at a Russia-leased cosmodrome in Kazakhstan on Tuesday shortly after the launch.
The Proton-M booster unexpectedly shut down the engine 17 seconds into the flight and crashed some 2 kilometers (over a mile) away from the Baikonur launch pad, the Russian Space Agency said in a statement.
Russian officials said there were no casualties or damage immediately reported. Meanwhile, the Interfax news agency quoted Kazakh Emergency Situations Minister Vladimir Bozhkov as saying that the burning rocket fuel has blanketed the launch pad with a toxic cloud. But they said authorities have yet to determine its potential danger to the environment.
Another Proton-M booster crashed in Baikonur in August 2012 when it failed to place two satellites into orbit. Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev chided officials after that incident, saying that Russia had lost ten satellites in seven failed launches in just over a year.
Russian space officials have blamed the failures on manufacturing flaws and engineering mistakes. But observers say that the problem is rooted in a post-Soviet industrial meltdown that has stalled the modernization of the space industry.
Copyright 2013 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/11Wxth5
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The Loyalist Community Council's new flag to mark the Battle of the Somme
A new flag to mark the Battle of the Somme has been unfurled in Belfast.
The Loyalist Community Council (LCC) has created the flag to commemorate the centenary of the World War One battle.
It says the flag is supported by three paramilitary groups, the Ulster Defence Association (UDA), the Ulster Volunteer Force (UVF) and the Red Hand Commando.
"We hope this is the only flag that is flown along arterial routes alongside the Union flag and the Ulster flag," Winston Irvine of the LCC said.
"I think this flag will hopefully reduce the amount of perceived paramilitary flags."
Severity
Mr Irvine said they did not expect nationalists "to be screaming in support of the flag from the rooftops".
But they added: "I do hope people see this is an attempt to lessen the impact of flags and to command a wider support for the respectful and dignified commemoration to mark the anniversary of the Somme.
Image copyright PAcemaker Image caption Winston Irvine said they hoped the new would "reduce the amount of perceived paramilitary flags"
"The Somme means something to everyone, regardless of your community background, both in Northern Ireland and in the Republic of Ireland, given the scale and severity of that battle on the people of this island."
Members of the 36th Ulster Division were among 100,000 Allied soldiers who fought at the Somme in 1916.
A private benefactor has paid for the purchase of the flags.
Viewpoints
The group has also drawn up a set of protocols for the flying of flags.
Mr Irvine said people were "fed up with torn and tattered flags flying from lamp posts and buildings".
The protocols give guidance on the period of time flags should be flown, suggesting a three-month spell starting in June.
Assistant Chief Constable Stephen Martin of the Police Service of Northern Ireland said the flying of flags in public places "provokes a range of strong responses and very different viewpoints".
They added: "We hope [the LCC's new flag and its protocols] can be a positive development in improving the overall context in which flags are flown."
Carbon tax: Senate rejects repeal deal after Clive Palmer claims PUP senators 'double-crossed' over deal
Updated
The Abbott Government's bid to bring on an early Senate vote to repeal the carbon tax has backfired after an eleventh-hour switch from the Palmer United Party to withdraw its support.
The Senate rejected the bills to repeal the carbon tax, after a dramatic morning in which PUP leader Clive Palmer claimed they and their senators had been "double-crossed" by the Coalition.
The lunchtime vote was rejected 37 votes to 35.
Mr Palmer said their senators would vote against the legislation after claiming that PUP amendments to force power companies to pass on savings from the carbon tax's repeal had not been submitted for Senate scrutiny this morning.
"It [the savings legislation] was to be circulated by the time Parliament had come in and it hadn't been circulated and our senators hadn't been told and they were left in the dark," they said.
"Fortunately we've discovered that and [the senators] were able to become aware of it so I've just met with them down there and their view was that under no circumstances they would be voting for the carbon tax repeal.
"I think you'd call it double-crossing people."
The savings measure was a condition of Mr Palmer's support for the repeal bills.
Labor's leader in the Senate Penny Wong said it appeared "the Palmer United Party might have been sold a pup".
"Sorry - I had to just say that once," they added.
The Government had opted to bring on the vote to repeal of the tax, under the impression that it had Mr Palmer's support.
This morning the PUP senators and Victorian Motoring Enthusiast Party Senator Ricky Muir voted to limit debate on the bills and bring the vote on.
But Mr Palmer said they only did that because they believed their new amendment had been included in the package of bills to be considered.
The mining tycoon said their new amendments were met with a "violent reaction" from Government ministers, who went to last year's election on a promise to repeal the tax.
"We had ministers visiting us and calling us and complaining," they said.
"All our amendment did really was to guarantee, make it mandatory, that the savings from the carbon tax repeal by energy producers, gas producers, electricity producers would be passed on down the line to consumers.
"We've stiffened it up."
PUP also added a provision that if savings are not passed on by July 1, 2015, the companies will have to pay a penalty calculated at 250 per cent of its savings to the Commonwealth of Australia.
"That wasn't well received," Mr Palmer said of the Government's reaction.
Earlier, Prime Minister Tony Abbott was heralding today as "the day when the carbon tax is finally scrapped".
The Government says axing the tax will save the average household $550 a year.
"If the Senate votes today, as it should, people's next power bill will be less than it would otherwise be, because of the Australian Parliament respecting the mandate of the people and keeping the commitments that were made," they said.
Topics: federal-government, federal-parliament, government-and-politics, political-parties, australia
First posted
Life has been stressful! Combination of life/school/work stressors have really hit me hard the last few weeks. As always, seeing a gift near my door at the end of a long work day really puts a smile on my face.
My gift seemed really appropriate. I have seen these at the book stores, always interested me. I will buy some pencil crayons and try to find some zen in the chaos of all that's happening.Can't wait to start filling in the pages on a nice rainy afternoon, thinking about traveling to Japan. Saving my money, hope to travel to Japan one day.
Thank you Santa! Happy holidays to you and yours.
PS - Remember the Bus Strike of 09 :) I lived through that and that was a stressor!
Addendum - Another gift arrive! Green Tea Kit Kat :D
Senate Republicans scored a major breakthrough on health care reform Tuesday after voting to being formal debate on repeal-and-replace legislation. But by Wednesday morning, that breakthrough seemed increasingly illusory.
Lawmakers were confronted with dual, equally problematic political realities: there remains no widespread agreement on final legislation, and the bill with seemingly the best chance of passage faces stiff opposition in the House.
The common thread underlying these two hurdles is that Senate GOP leaders must still find 50 votes in favor of a yet-to-be-crafted bill. If successful, they then either have to convince the House to pass the measure or join House members in a congressional conference committee to hash out their differences. Whatever legislation that committee produces would then be sent back to the House and the Senate for one more round of voting after which—assuming passage—it would be sent to President Donald Trump's desk.
These are the paths to repealing and replacing Obamacare. Neither is easily traversable.
The most likely proposal to get 50 votes in the Senate, Republican aides told The Daily Beast, is a so-called “skinny repeal.” It would undo the employer and individual mandates in Obamacare, in addition to the taxes on medical device manufacturers. It would also leave in place Obamacare's Medicaid expansion, and according to the Congressional Budget Office, 16 million more Americans would be uninsured under the plan by 2021. Premiums would also rise by 20 percent, a Senate Democratic aide said.
So far, both moderate and conservative senators have signalled a willingness to consider skinny repeal, though others remain skeptical or undecided. But the House is an entirely different matter. In interviews with The Daily Beast, conservatives there say the idea is dead on arrival.
“It's nowhere near repeal. I mean, even the repeal bill isn't repeal because all the regulations stay in place,” Rep. Dave Brat (R-VA), an outspoken member of the hardline conservative House Freedom Caucus, told The Daily Beast. “People need to get out their Webster's dictionary and look up the word repeal—and then see if your representative is staying true to their word.”
They aren't finished.
“I mean, what's a skinny bill?” Brat added. “So we're talking about controlling one-fifth of a $20 trillion economy. And our new creative idea is a skinny bill. So this is the Fatal Conceit up in the bubble that you can dictate one-fifth of the economy with clever phrases… It's bizarre.”
Rep. Mark Meadows (R-N.C.), the chairperson of the House Freedom Caucus, echoed Brat, telling reporters that there is “zero” chance the House would pass the scaled-back repeal.
“We can't wait for seven years and seven months, and the best that we can send to the president is what they could've done almost by executive order,” Meadows said. “My constituents wouldn't be okay with that. And I don't think the majority of our constituency for the Republicans would be okay with that.”
The House Freedom Caucus has scuttled health care bills in the past. And if it follows through on threats to reject a Senate-passed skinny repeal plan, then the two chambers will be forced to negotiate. At that point, it's not entirely clear what Republicans leaders could do to placate majorities in their respective chambers.
On Wednesday, the Senate resoundingly rejected two possible approaches: a procedural vote on Majority Leader Mitch McConnell's repeal-and-replace measure, as well as a bill that would repeal the law and give a two-year window for lawmakers to come up with a replacement.
Though both measures had been widely expected to fail, their defeat underscored how narrow
the avenues for success currently are for Republicans should they go to conference. But that appears to be exactly where they are heading. Sen. Bob Corker (R-TN), on Wednesday, said that the skinny repeal bill was a “forcing mechanism” to enter a conference committee.
Other lawmakers hid the ball a bit better. Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn (R-TX) pitched skinny repeal as a platonic end product, saying that there are “a lot of benefits” to such an approach. But getting at least 50 Republicans on board for a scaled-back repeal might be a tall order. Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) didn't seem convinced, calling it a “punt.” More moderate members were noncommittal on Wednesday.
One member who said they would support skinny repeal, Sen. Rand Paul (R-KY), said on Wednesday they would oppose sending a bill to conference committee for fear that moderate members would add funds to the final product. (Paul had opposed skinny repeal in 2015, saying it didn't go far enough to dismantle Obamacare.)
Brat, by contrast, said that if the choice came down to accepting a scaled-back repeal or leaving Obamacare in place, they could very well side with the latter.
“Is it better than doing nothing and keeping Obamacare which is failing? I don't know,” they said. “Intuitively, I would say doing something is better than doing nothing. But that may not be the case. … If you implement that, what's left standing? I mean, the whole thing could collapse just like Obamacare.”
And so, the party finds itself inching toward a crossroads: wary of bringing a bill to conference, but uncertain if there is another path forward.
A Pennsylvania coroner says a Guatemalan found dead over a guardrail had swallowed up to $500,000 worth of heroin and was killed when one of the packets burst.Clearfield County Coroner Mike Morris tells WJAC-TV that he's working with state police and drug enforcement agents to determine the source and destination of the drugs. Morris says the man's name is Boris Reyes, though they have yet to confirm the man's age. A passing motorist found the body along a rural road on Sept. 16. Authorities had suspected Reyes was a drug courier. They say tests indicate they had swallowed "multiple packets" of heroin worth a total of $250,000 to $500,000. Morris won't say how the drugs were packaged.Get the WTAE Pittsburgh's Action News 4 App
A Pennsylvania coroner says a Guatemalan found dead over a guardrail had swallowed up to $500,000 worth of heroin and was killed when one of the packets burst.
Clearfield County Coroner Mike Morris tells WJAC-TV that he's working with state police and drug enforcement agents to determine the source and destination of the drugs.
Morris says the man's name is Boris Reyes, though they have yet to confirm the man's age.
A passing motorist found the body along a rural road on Sept. 16.
Authorities had suspected Reyes was a drug courier. They say tests indicate they had swallowed "multiple packets" of heroin worth a total of $250,000 to $500,000.
Morris won't say how the drugs were packaged.
Advertisement
AlertMe
They added that they would tell the world about Nadiya V. Savchenko, the Ukrainian helicopter pilot being held in Russia; their picture was displayed on a poster on the lectern from which Mr. Biden spoke, with the slogan “Freedom for Nadiya Savchenko.”
And the vice president committed to keeping American sanctions on Russia until Moscow complies with a cease-fire brokered in Minsk, Belarus. “There can be no sanctions relief unless and until Moscow meets all, all of its commitments under Minsk,” Mr. Biden said.
But their main message to the Ukrainians was, in effect, to get their house in order. The day before, they had suggested that many in Europe were waiting for Ukraine to fail so that they would have an excuse not to continue confronting Russia.
With Ukraine's rapidly sinking economy, that time often seems close at hand.
The gross domestic product per capita, a broad measure of Ukrainians' well-being, will be just $1,600 per person this year, down from $3,900 in 2013. That was the year before the new government took power partly on the promise of bringing living standards closer to those in Europe.
Over all, Ukraine's gross domestic product is projected to shrink by 15 percent this year after falling 6.8 percent the year before, according to Standard & Poor's, the ratings agency. Much of the drop is attributable to a collapse in the value of the national currency, the hryvnia, and to uncertainty created by the conflict with Russia.
And Ukraine remains one of the world's most indebted countries, trailing only the Seychelles, according to one estimate.
“It's a struggle to see who will invest in this economy, who will commit to put in private capital,” Charles Robertson, the London-based chief economist of Renaissance Capital, said in a telephone interview.
Robert Mason Co. Will Close Due to Fire-Related Financial Setbacks
Photo by Walker Evans.
The award-winning lifestyle brand Robert Mason Co. will cease its Columbus operations at the end of May. After a fire struck the store in 2014, owner and founder Robert Grimmett scrambled to keep financially afloat. Although they used every opportunity they could to increase revenue, they were ultimately unable to recover from the setback.
“Losing our new concept store on Brickel Street and our Columbus operations, which include robertmason.com, is another tragedy in a book that must now come to a close,” Grimmett said in a press release. “I've tried everything to keep the brand alive and in a forward momentum through tough times and incredible setbacks. Our customers kept that energy alive for all of us in the company. The staff and the customers will see the biggest loss here, I am sad and my heart is broken for them.”
Robert Mason Co. broke into the Columbus market as a pop-up in 2013. Only a year in, a fire struck their 208 square foot space, causing “not only a substantial monetary loss, but also came with legal repercussions with which Robert is still dealing to this day.”
Still, Grimmett proceeded with the opening of their Short North location in 2015, and it didn't take long for the store and its line of journals, sketchbooks, pens, bags and accessories to generate sales and gain popularity. Grimmett's brand, originally launched when they were 12 years old in Ravenswood, West Virginia, won a fair share of “Top 10” awards when it appeared on Brickel Street, including best start-up and best specialty store.
To keep revenue, Grimmett has launched several concepts, including a monthly subscription program called Robert Loves, as well as an art class showing how to use Robert Mason products through hand lettering and calligraphy lessons. The Robert Mason brand was also featured on EXPRESS.com, “perhaps the biggest accomplishment.”
Despite all this, Grimmett was “forced to concede to the substantial debt and legacy issues caused by the fire and regrettably is announcing that they are forced to cease operations.”
“Sadly this was not a result of poor performance, it was a product of cash flow constraints and debt resulting from the 2014 fire that destroyed the Gay Street Columbus store,” they said.
Although there is no exact date set for Robert Mason Co.'s closure, liquidation of the store, both the physical location and online, will begin this week. This might not be the end of Robert Mason in Columbus, however, as a press release revealed that the store's closure “will not be the last chapter of their story and they want everyone to continue to ‘Get Inspired.'”
The original West Virginia store is now owned by Grimmett's parents, who bought it when Grimmett graduated from high school. It will remain open.
Related Articles: No related articles.
About the Author Lauren Sega is the Associate Editor for Columbus Underground. They cover political issues on the local and state levels, as well as local food and restaurant news. They grew up near Cleveland, graduated from Ohio University's Scripps School of Journalism, and loves running, traveling and hiking.
Tags:
Mar 26, 2014; Washington, DC, USA; Phoenix Suns shooting guard Goran Dragic (1) looks to pass as Washington Wizards shooting guard Bradley Beal (3) defends during the first half at Verizon Center. Mandatory Credit: Brad Mills-USA TODAY Sports
The Washington Wizards are 33-21 at the All-Star break, half a game in front of the Cleveland Cavaliers for the fourth seed in the Eastern Conference.
Not long ago the Wizards were sitting pretty in the conference's No. 2 position, but a 4-8 record in their last 12 games has them searching for answers. ESPN's Marc Stein rated Washington No. 15 overall in the latest edition of their NBA power rankings, only two spots ahead of the 20-31 Boston Celtics. Stein writes:
The Wiz want to be patient and flexible for the future but also want to contend right now in an open East. Do they have enough for the latter without making some sort of low-risk move at the deadline or in the buyout market? That's what they're wrestling with now.
There is a window of opportunity in the Eastern Conference this year and the Wizards would be foolish not to jump on it. If they're going to put themselves in contention for a conference title, they need help. The Phoenix Suns may have the answer.
Recent reports suggest that Phoenix guards Goran Dragic and Isaiah Thomas could both be on the trading block. At the very least, one of them certainly is:
Hearing Suns want a first-rounder for Goran Dragic and, rest assured, they'll get it. Rockets got to be tempted. — Gery Woelfel (@GeryWoelfel) February 12, 2015
Suns were active on the phones this weekend. The sense is they are ready to deal Dragic, rather than risk losing them to free agency. — Howard Beck (@HowardBeck) February 16, 2015
Sources: Goran Dragic's agent plans to meet w/ team officials Tuesday, but Phoenix's determination unchanged: Suns want to re-sign Dragic. — Adrian Wojnarowski (@WojYahooNBA) February 16, 2015
Word is Suns more apt to try to move IThomas before trade deadline, to restore last season's roster balance, rather than surrender GDragic — Marc Stein (@ESPNSteinLine) February 14, 2015
Regardless of which backcourt player Phoenix is interested in dealing, either would be a good fit for the Wizards. Both are capable scorers who can play point guard or shooting guard, which is exactly what Washington is looking for.
After John Wall and Bradley Beal, the Wizards only have two other guards on their roster–journeyman Garrett Temple and 38-year-old Andre Miller. Neither is a particularly appealing option off the bench. Beal's recent injury has forced both Temple and Miller to take on a lot more minutes than Washington would like.
The need for a reliable third guard (or a replacement for Beal should they miss extended time) is obvious.
Dragic is getting paid $7.5 million this season with a player option for next year at the same amount. But he's certain to make more than that on the open market, so essentially he's a free agent. Thomas' 2014-15 salary is $7.2 million, however they still have three more years and roughly $20 million remaining on their contract.
To trade for either player, Washington must send Phoenix about $7 million in salary in return. Financially the Wizards could get it done by offering Miller's expiring $4.7 million deal along with DeJuan Blair‘s $2 million per year contract (which still has two more seasons remaining).
Clearly that's not what Phoenix is interested in, so Washington would have to include at least a future first round draft pick as well, maybe more.
Is that something the Suns might be inclined to go for? Who knows, but the Wizards absolutely need to find out.
Good news has been hard to come by at points in the MLS expansion race, but there's plenty of it in Nashville.
On Monday, the Metro Council's Budget and Finance Commission voted 10 to three to back a $225 million plan to issue revenue bonds for the soccer-specific stadium project required for the expansion bid, according to The Tennessean.
“It's not the perfect deal, but I can live with it,” committee chairperson and Councilwoman Tanaka Vercher said. “Overall, it's incredible for the city. It's a huge opportunity.”
While the vote is a good sign, it's not the final detail for the project to be approved. There is a vote of the full 40-member council on Tuesday where a majority is needed for the project to go through.
If the vote reaches a majority on Tuesday, it should put Nashville near the top of the list of expansion candidates, as few bids have been able to secure specific details on stadiums.
There are several anecdotal clinical articles claiming wound healing and scar superiority using obsidian (volcanic glass) scalpels. In order to determine if skin incisions made with obsidian were superior to those made with standard surgical steel, wound tensile strength, scar width, and histology were assessed in 40 adult male Sprague-Dawley rats. Each rat received two parallel 8-cm dorsal skin incisions, one with an obsidian scalpel and the other with a surgical steel scalpel (no. 15 blade). Data were analyzed by ANOVA. Tensile strength of the two wound types was not different at 7, 14, 21, and 42 days. Scar width, however, was significantly less in the obsidian wounds at 7, 10, and 14 days (p < 0.005). At 21 days, scar width was not different in the two groups. At 42 days, all wounds were barely detectable, thus precluding scar width analysis. A blinded histologic review suggested that obsidian wounds contained fewer inflammatory cells and less granulation tissue at 7 days.
The Navajo Nation is weighing whether to end a 15-year ban that prevents genetic research on their members. The decision comes ahead of the opening of the independent nation's first oncology center, reports Sara Reardon for Nature.
Related Content The Navajo Nation Will Have the First Junk Food Tax in the U.S.
Genetic research could allow clinicians to tailor treatments to individuals and help researchers search for the roots of disease in the genetic code. The potential for genetics to inform experts' understanding of biology and lead to treatments is great. Along with the new medical center, lifting the ban would help bring medical care to residents equal to that found off the reservation.
Yet genetic testing for individuals has raised many ethical issues about privacy. And the situation is even more complex among Native Americans who have long fought for control of their lands, artifacts, remains and more, as Rose Eveleth reported for The Atlantic in 2015. "[C]oncerns about genetic appropriation carry ominous reminders about the past." Hence the existence of the ban.
But if this limit remains, it would diminish the health services the new oncology center could offer. Reardon reports that there isn't much opposition to lifting the ban, but rather diligent efforts to be sure it is done thoughtfully.
"As Native Americans, we have a problem with trust because we have been violated so much," David Begay, a pharmaceutical scientist at the University of New Mexico in Albuquerque and a member of the Navajo Nation's human-research review board tells Nature. “In the past, our data have been misused."
That past isn't limited to early American history, Reardon explains. Starting in 1990, researchers from Arizona State University in Tempe collected blood samples from members of the Havasupai people of Arizona. The Havasupai say researchers collected samples for diabetes research, Reardon reports, but they later used these same samples in studies of depression, schizophrenia, migration and inbreeding. The Havasupai sued in 2004 for use of the materials without informed consent from its members. In 2010, the university settled with the tribal government and returned the blood samples.
The history of medical and research ethics is rife with cases where informed consent — in which researchers or clinicians fully explain how samples will be used — is lacking. Perhaps most famous is the story of Henrietta Lacks, an African American woman whose tumor cells' unusually ability to keep proliferating led to their use in many branches of research without their family's knowledge.
As Eveleth detailed for The Atlantic, the complexity of issues surrounding genetics research and Native American groups is deep. To be sensitive to these issues during the development of research questions and a plan of action, researchers need extensive knowledge of the culture and history of the people they hope to work with.
Kim Tallbear, a researcher who specializes in racial politics and science​ at the University of Texas at Austin and a member of the Sisseton-Wahpeton Oyate, told Eveleth: "I think people who want to do genetic research on Native American topics really shouldn't be doing it unless they've got a really considerable history of contact with native communities."
Even if all research protocols are carried out appropriately, people from small genetic pools can be more readily identified when their records makes its way into public repositories.
Though slow, progress is being made. DNA evidence and court opinions also helped to insure that the remains known as "Kennewick Man," an ancient Paleoamerican man, received a burial by five Native American tribes.
As Reardon reports for Nature, the Navajo Nation Council will consider a proposal for a policy that could guide research projects and still give them control of DNA samples. If they develop and implement the policy, others may follow.
Since its 2005 Chicago debut, "Too Hot to Handel" has continued to grow in popularity.
Tenor Rodrick Dixon and Soprano Afreda Burke will reprise their critically hailed performances for the 7th consecutive year and they will once again be joined by Alto Karen Marie Richardson. "Too Hot to Handel" shapes George Frederic Handel's beloved "Messiah" masterpiece into an active listening experience. Joining the soloists on stage are 200 musicians, including 150 voices of the city-wide Too Hot Choir (under the direction of Old St. Patrick's Church's Bill Fraher) and a 50-piece symphony orchestra and a jazz ensemble conducted by Suzanne Mallare Acton.
Performance Schedule and Ticket Information
"Too Hot to Handel: The Jazz-Gospel Messiah" performs at the Auditorium Theatre:
Friday, Jan. 13, 2012 at 11 a.m. (one hour Student Matinee Performance. NOTE: The Friday, Jan. 13 student matinee is available only to elementary through high school student groups of 10 or more people. Group tickets are $10 each and available by calling (312) 431-2357. JP Morgan Chase Foundation is the Too Hot to Handel educational outreach partner.)
Saturday, Jan. 14 at 7:30 p.m.
Sunday, Jan. 15 at 3 p.m. (Family Series Performance, NOTE 2: A free Q&A with "Too Hot to Handel" artists immediately follows the Sunday afternoon Family Series performance. The Auditorium Theatre's Family Matinee Series is sponsored by The Private Bank and The Robert Thomas Bobins Foundation.)
Tickets to the Jan. 14 and 15 performances are $30 - $72, available online at ticketmaster.com, by calling (800) 982-2787 or in-person at ATRU's Box Office (50 E. Congress Parkway).
If contemporary psych rock forms a part of your musical diet, you probably remember the first time Tame Impala's Innerspeaker, Dead Meadow's Howls from the Hills, or The Warlocks' The Mirror Explodes blossomed in your lobes like a hit of sonic psilocybin.
And here's Kill West coming out of nowhere with an LP called Smoke Beach that gives the same rush of adrenalin that those classic records did when you first heard them. Smoke Beach absorbs the best elements of this kind of music and blends them together with their own special sauce in a record that can only be described as 42 minutes of fuzzed-out psychedelic bliss.
“Not being silver-spoon-fed on facilities or fancy gear, you have to use more of your artistic intuition to get a message across.”
It's no mean feat to break through the noise of a million bands dropping acid and trying to be the next Brain Jonestown Massacre. Very few create anything that shakes up the meta; or that encapsulates so perfectly that trippy vibe that keeps psych-heads endlessly searching for another hit of something good.
Within a couple of bars of Smoke Beach‘s opener, Out to the Stars, I tapped the volume up. And up some more, smile starting to spread in the sick fluorescent office light. Vocals bleed in, mixed low and reverbed out in a wall of gritty, abrasive fuzz, then a wah-wah lead swoops through the loping two-chord-groove.
I'm sold, but there's no way they can top that song. It's gotta be downhill from here.
I'm wrong. It just gets better. The album builds, peaks, and begins its slow descent into motorik hypnosis that surely tips a hat to Wooden Shjips or White Hills, two bands known to draw on a wide range of influences from decades past.
I'm down in the subway now, wading through humans. Headphone amp cranked all the way up, Beyer 770s trembling as they punch bass notes deep into my skull. Man, this is loud, but it won't clip. Seemingly every fraction of the frequency spectrum is shimmering in the red, yet there's somehow always enough room for another track, another echo-drenched guitar line to flap like a jellyfish through the dense sea of noise.
Whoever mixed and mastered this record is a genius, I decide, buttoning the volume back down to a train-friendly level.
Who the fuck is this band?
“I've been playing since I was a kid,” says Kill West's guitarist Fran Beceiro from their home in Buenos Aires, Argentina, when we're in touch. “I was jamming in my cousin's basement until I was like 14, then in high school I met Martin and formed a couple of punkish bands. That lasted a few years until we met Joel, who played also in a local punk rock band.
“The three of us started jamming in my parent's garage, and eventually we recruited the rest of the guys for what it would later be known as Kill West.”
The balance and overall dynamic presented on this album is impressively consistent. We wonder how the songs came together, who wrote them, and what the recording experience was like?
“It was a really organic process, I guess. I would come up with some riffs and some lyrics during the week, then show it to the band at rehearsals, basically after the Kill West EP, we just kept recording everything.
“Eventually we thought we saw a cohesive sound and songs that seemed like cool stuff to make an album.
“We recorded everything at Wacala studios, my friend Emilio Paravisi owns it, and it's 10 minutes away from my house and our rehearsal space, so it was a super-chill experience, no pressure or deadlines or anything like that. We had a lot of fun doing it.”
The first five tracks on Smoke Beach—Out to The Stars, Neon Cross, Golden Ice, and Coast-to-Coast in particular—recall laidback grooves and wandering solos of Washington DC band Dead Meadow—one of the first to energize the revival of '70s rock that mixes Zeppelin's mysticism, Sabbath's riffage, and the spaciness of Pink Floyd.
Did Dead Meadow figures in the creation of Kill West's sound?
“The Meadow were a big influence growing up for sure, I just saw them live a month ago, they were amazing. Obviously we all like a ton of different stuff, but I think we can agree in the love for true rock and roll like The Stooges, some 1977 CB's and Max's Kansas City, Suicide… going through stuff like early Bluesmen, Hawkwind, Crazy Horse… the list goes on forever, there's just too much stuff to name.”
I remember school as maybe the most boring, anti-intellectual thing I had to go through.
So what was it like to grow up in Buenos Aires? What was school like?
“It's a very unique place to say the least. I think it's really strange, can be really fun and sometimes kind of boring, like most places maybe? But mostly I loved it, people here are not afraid to show their love for their friends and family.
“Having said that… I don't think I was never really in touch with what is really happening here socially. We're from the suburbs, like a 40-minute drive from downtown. I remember school as maybe the most boring, anti-intellectual thing I had to go through. I spent hours drawing monsters and zombies in my book out of my Ramones backpack and fucking around with some other also-bored-as-fuck dudes.
“Martin and I grew up skateboarding every day after school, so that was a big character-forming thing too, I guess. Although maybe not every day, we still do it. One day, music got in first place, priority wise.”
Every country has it's own setup for live shows—what's the deal for gigging in Argentina?
“We played recently with Moon Duo at the Buenos Aires Psych Fest, plus [we often play with] our local friends Las Kellies and Nairobi. We love to play anywhere someone wants to hear us.”
Any thoughts on the surge of great bands coming out of South America, such as Montibus Communitas, Serpentina Satellite, Föllakzoid? Do you think there is anything distinctive or unique about psych music from the region?
“Limitations are key I guess? In our case, I think that played a big part, being so far away from an actual ‘scene' and not being silver-spoon-fed on facilities or fancy gear, you have to use more of your artistic intuition to get a message across.”
Speaking of gear, I'm curious as to what the band uses, without giving away any trade secrets?
We're constantly working on new stuff, there are new sounds on the horizon
“I'm using a Jazzmaster right now, with a bunch of distortion and delay pedals, also got a cool Vox wah pedal, nothing too fancy, but it gets the job done.
“Joel plays a beautiful Fender Precision through a sustain pedal. Martin with the Gibson SG standard, MXR phaser and tremolo, some boss OD, and tape echo. We really like the vintage Holy Grail by EHX too.
“Production-wise, I came up with an aesthetic direction I wanted to take, then proceeded to turn Emilio crazy with how I wanted things to sound.”
So with one incredible album under their belt and world seemingly at their feet, what's up next for Kill West?
“We're constantly working on new stuff, there are new sounds on the horizon, and hopefully we will get some tours going sometime in the near future.”
In the meantime, fans can purchase Kill West's music at the following locations: vinyl is available through Echo Drug Records, cassette on Onkagkubaka Records, CD on Crang Records, and digital download on Kill West's Bandcamp. Follow the band on Facebook.
Nearly two months into the siege of western Mosul, many houses there stand lifeless and looted, while some streets lie in ruins as civilian residents flee the area. RT's Murad Gazdiev has witnessed the grim aftermath of war in Iraq's second largest city.
Read more
RT's Murad Gazdiev and their crew have filmed parts of western Mosul roughly one kilometer from the frontline between the US-backed coalition and Islamic State (IS, previously ISIS/ISIL). Though the area is now considered to be liberated from IS, it looks like no man's land, scorched and carpet-bombed.
US-backed Iraqi government forces launched a major offensive in February to recapture the western part of Mosul, where IS still controls sizeable pockets of territory. Supported by airstrikes, they are making their way through Islamic State's major urban stronghold in Iraq, but at a horrible civilian cost.
Despite the coalition's repeated assurances that it is taking every precaution when carrying out its airstrikes, the fighting has badly damaged many homes, shops, and other buildings, which now bear scars inflicted by heavy weapon fire.
The physical appearance of civilians being driven out of their neighborhoods by Iraqi soldiers in armored vehicles and trucks provides telling evidence of what they have been through during the anti-IS operation. “Dirty clothes, dust-covered faces – the obvious signs of people who had been through too much,” Murad noted.
Notably, evacuating civilians from the liberated areas of western Mosul is no easy task, as some important crossroads have been intentionally bombed to prevent Islamic State commanders from moving reinforcements and supplies, leaving them unpassable. Consequently, vehicles are not able to deliver medical aid or food along many of the roads.
Walking through west Mosul, the RT crew noticed that almost every door had been kicked in and almost every shop broken into.
Goods and possessions were seen lying in the streets, suggesting that nearby houses had been looted. “But, there's no one left to complain,” Murad added, as their crew filmed people moving slowly down the street, apparently leaving the city. However, some residents have chosen to stay to protect their property or are simply unwilling to flee.
The grim picture of devastation and suffering witnessed by RT's crew matches the predictions of aid agencies.
On Sunday, an RT crew also visited a medical center set up by the DARY humanitarian organization in Mosul, to film an eight-year-old girl named Duua who was lucky to survive an airstrike in the city's Jadeda neighborhood. Both of their parents and other family members are believed to have been killed in the strike, and the camp's founder said the girl was found on a street, lying there with heavy injuries.
“In the last 12 days, there has been constant rocket fire,” a local resident also told RT. “Yesterday it lasted from seven in the morning until four in the afternoon. Thirty or 40 houses have been damaged, and there are hundreds of casualties.”
According to the latest estimates from the UN refugee agency, UNHCR, up to 300,000 people may flee western Mosul in a fresh wave that could overwhelm the organization's capacity to accommodate those displaced.
In early March, the UNHCR said about 192,000 residents had fled Mosul since October of last year, while about 750,000 still remained. Other UN figures suggest 5,000 people on average have been fleeing the city every day since the siege intensified in February.
Image copyright Reuters
The PM has been urged to crack down on offshore tax havens, after a huge data leak exposed efforts by international figures to hide assets abroad.
Eleven million documents were leaked from one of the world's most secretive companies, Panamanian law firm Mossack Fonseca.
The firm says it has operated beyond reproach for 40 years and has never been charged with criminal wrong-doing.
Shadow chancellor John McDonnell said "real action" on tax evasion was vital.
They called on the UK's tax authority, HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC), to launch an investigation, saying it would need more resources for this.
Although using offshore companies is not illegal, the disclosures have intensified calls for international reform of the way tax havens are able to operate amid claims of large-scale money laundering.
'Private matter'
HMRC said information it had received on offshore companies was the subject of "intensive investigation" and this data would be acted on "swiftly and appropriately".
The documents show 12 current or former heads of state and at least 60 people linked to current or former world leaders in the data.
Among them, the files show Icelandic Prime Minister Sigmundur Gunnlaugson had an undeclared interest linked to their wife's wealth. They also reveal a suspected billion-dollar money laundering ring involving close associates of Russian President Vladimir Putin.
The prime minister's late father Ian was among those named in relation to investments set up by Mossack Fonseca.
But Downing Street would not comment on the tax affairs of Mr Cameron's father, and said the issue of whether the Cameron family still had funds in offshore investments was a "private matter".
The leak also revealed some of the cash from the 1983 Brink's Mat robbery was laundered using a company set up by Mossack Fonseca.
Panama Papers - tax havens of the rich and powerful exposed
Eleven million documents held by the Panama-based law firm Mossack Fonseca have been passed to German newspaper Sueddeutsche Zeitung, which then shared them with the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists. BBC Panorama and UK newspaper the Guardian are among 107 media organisations in 76 countries which have been analysing the documents. The BBC does not know the identity of the source
They show how the company has helped clients launder money, dodge sanctions and evade tax
Mossack Fonseca says it has operated beyond reproach for 40 years and never been accused or charged with criminal wrong-doing
Tricks of the trade: How assets are hidden and taxes evaded
Panama Papers: Full coverage; follow reaction on Twitter using #PanamaPapers; in the BBC News app, follow the tag "Panama Papers"
Watch Panorama at 19:30 on BBC One on Monday, 4 April, or catch up later on the BBC iPlayer (UK viewers only)
Mr Cameron has been a vocal advocate of reform and legislation to force British companies to disclose who owns and benefits from their activities - which comes into force in June.
The prime minister's spokesperson insisted the UK was "ahead of the pack" on tax transparency, had made this "front and centre" of the UK's G8 presidency, and had got 90 countries automatically to exchange information.
Mr Cameron faces pressure to secure progress at an international summit on tackling corruption, which they will chair in London in May, and where the use of offshore tax havens to escape scrutiny will be high on the agenda.
Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond, who recently met the Panamanian vice president to discuss the issue, insisted "significant progress" was being made.
"It's always interesting when information like this leaks because it reminds people who are up to no good how fragile and how vulnerable they make themselves by indulging in this kind of activity," they told the BBC.
"This is a key agenda for the prime minister."
'Tax secrecy'
But Labour's Mr McDonnell said not enough had been achieved by the UK.
"[Mr] Cameron promised and has failed to end tax secrecy and crack down on 'morally unacceptable' offshore schemes," they said.
"Real action is now needed."
Mr McDonnell said tax havens did not "serve any useful purpose" and the UK in particular had a role to play in tackling them because of its links to territories used for this purpose. They said they would like to see them closed down.
Dame Margaret Hodge, Labour MP and former chairperson of the Parliamentary Public Accounts Committee told the BBC: "I think it's really important that we grasp this huge leak of documents as an opportunity to do something that David Cameron and their government said they would do three years ago.
"And that is to ensure that all the tax havens, whether it's Panama, whether it's the ones that we control here in Britain because they're Crown dependencies, to ensure that they produce a proper list of who owns the companies that are located in their jurisdiction."
They said once the list was in the public domain "a lot of this unsavoury hiding of money" would disappear.
Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron called for an independent investigation, claiming the UK government has "failed to act until forced to by a scandal" over tax havens.
They said: "Rather than waiting until more headlines force action, the government should now commission a full independent investigation into the way the Virgin Islands and others have acted, what the UK government knew, and why they have not used their legislative powers to impose the transparency rules they previously claimed to support."
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Shadow chancellor John McDonnell said "real action" on tax evasion was vital
Gerard Ryle, director of the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists (ICIJ), said the documents covered day-to-day business at Mossack Fonseca over the past 40 years.
"I think the leak will prove to be probably the biggest blow the offshore world has ever taken because of the extent of the documents," they added.
And Jennie Granger, a spokesperson for HMRC, said the organisation had received "a great deal of information on offshore companies, including in Panama, from a wide range of sources, which is currently the subject of intensive investigation".
"We will closely examine this data and will act on it swiftly and appropriately," they said.
"Our message is clear: there are no safe havens for tax evaders and no-one should be in any doubt that the days of hiding money offshore are gone.
"The dishonest minority, who can most afford it, must pay their legal share of tax, like the honest majority already does."
They said the ICIJ had been asked to share all its data with HMRC.
A 14-year-old and three men have been arrested on suspicion of firearms offences after shots were fired in Brimsdown.
An investigation has been launched into the incident in Redlands Road late last night and police are still at scene after cordoning off a large section of the road.
The 14-year-old, along with three men, two aged 24 the other 50, were arrested at the scene and remain at a north London police station.
A neighbour, who chose to remain anonymous, said they were woken in the middle of the night to loud banging down the road.
They said: “You could hear them at the other end of the road shouting ‘armed police, armed police' and there were all sorts of police cars and firearm trucks down here, it was like a movie scene.”
No injuries have been reported as firearms officers continue to investigate the area.
Yesterday, we were given a first look at pieces from Gosha Rubchinskiy's DSM-exclusive, Italian Sportswear-inspired SS17 collection, which breathed new life into old school brands such as FILA, Kappa and Sergio Tacchini.
Now, Gosha has unveiled every piece that's part of the drop, with a selection of hoodies, tracksuit zippers, crewnecks, a tee, and two iterations of FILA's tennis classic sneakers making up the range.
The Italian items all feature iconic branding, juxtaposed with Gosha's Cyrillic insignia, while a bumblebee knit and tee with red lettering is also incorporated.
At $185 (approx.), the knit is the most expensive item on the menu. Those looking to cop the sportswear items can expect to pay around the $130 mark.
“For me it's very Italy and very Gosha” Rubchinskiy told Dazed. “It's about Europe now. This is the time when people need to collaborate and connect with each other, because we have the internet – everyone knows what's happening around the world so it's stupid to be isolated. Let's try to find words and ways to speak and live with each other. This is the main message.”
The collection is exclusive to Dover Street Market and will drop December 1. Head there now for a full price list.
The Gosha Rubchinskiy x DSM collection launches at DSML and the DSML E-SHOP Thursday 1st December. @gosharubchinskiy A photo posted by DOVER STREET MARKET LONDON (@doverstreetmarketlondon) on Nov 29, 2016 at 1:39pm PST
It also looks like the Gosha brand will soon be expanding into underwear — check out the sneak peek of the waistband above — although it doesn't seem like it'll be available in the DSM drop just yet.
We recently attended Gosha Rubchinskiy's fragrance launch in Moscow. Here's what went down.
Subscribe
Chicago, Philadelphia, and Denver may come closest to meeting Amazon's demands. Photo illustration by Slate. Photos by iStock/Thinkstock.
For decades, American cities and states have been competing to dismantle the high-tax postwar social model to win increasingly mobile jobs from their peers. This practice leaves the losers smarting from a diminished sense of self—hello, Hartford, Connecticut—while the winner loads the tax burden of its new prize pig onto existing citizens and businesses. It rewards corporations for being flighty, faithless partners to cities and punishes small and local businesses that cannot make credible threats to secure their own incentive packages.
The news that Amazon needs a second headquarters, announced on Thursday, will set off a competition like we have never seen for mayors and governors to pimp out their cities to the Seattle-based supercompany.
It is a one-of-a-kind, six-week sweepstakes, with a $5 billion HQ up for grabs. Nothing like this has ever happened before. At 8.1 million square feet, constituting nearly 20 percent of Seattle's Class A office space, Amazon's Seattle campus simply has no parallels in U.S. cities. The next biggest single urban corporate presence is Citi in New York, with 3.7 million square feet; the next biggest by percentage is Nationwide in Columbus, Ohio, which occupies 16 percent of the city's office space.
In short, Amazon's Seattle HQ is an outlier any way you slice it, and it's about to build the same thing again. Corporate relocations tend to involve low-paying jobs moving south (back-office jobs or manufacturing work relocating to the Sun Belt); small numbers of white-collar jobs (General Electric's 2015 move from Connecticut to Boston); or merger-driven relocation, which usually involves a slow exodus of executives from one city to another. Amazon's proposal is numerically elite: 50,000 workers in a secondary headquarters is more than twice as many workers as Bank of America, the country's second-largest bank, employs at its primary HQ in Charlotte, North Carolina.
The odds hinge in part on what Amazon is looking for. The notion of a company with two separate U.S. headquarters is basically unique; when Charlotte's NationsBank merged with San Francisco's BankAmerica (now Bank of America) in 1998, to take one example, the company quickly consolidated corporate control in Charlotte. But Amazon has indicated that this will not be a back office; with up to 50,000 employees and an average salary of more than $100,000, these people will not be handling your Squatty Potty return. (Disclosure: Slate is an Amazon affiliate; when you click on an Amazon link from Slate, the magazine gets a cut of the proceeds from whatever you buy.)
Let's assume that virtually every city and state will roll out a carpet of tax breaks, plum real estate, and other local incentives. (All for a company dedicated to undermining the local businesses that will pay taxes to support the services Amazon uses.) Even if Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos already has a strong favorite in mind, a municipal race to the bottom will ensure they get their company the best deal. And since the scale of the economic impact appears to surpass what is promised for the Summer Olympics, the packages may include anything up to and including expensive new transit infrastructure. (Mass transit, Amazon has said, is a requirement for its site.)
But how many cities really­ have a chance? Amazon may be powerful enough to command sumptuous bids from every mayor's office in thrall to the growth machine, but cities' limitations are as firm as the company's needs. It's time for some corporate-relocation theory.
Size and Talent
The first limiting factor is size: Amazon says it needs a metro area with more than 1 million people, but in reality, that is the bare minimum. In a city like Pittsburgh, as Bloomberg's Conor Sen points out, Amazon would need to hire 1 in every 20 people in the labor force to reach full staffing. This is also a problem with Nashville, Tennessee, and Austin, Texas. If Amazon makes Seattle (regional population: 3.7 million) feel like a company town, you can only imagine the role it would play in a metro half the size.
Size, in this case, is largely a proxy for a talented labor pool—another Amazon requirement—but there's still a large variance in educational attainment in big cities. Of the 25 metros larger than Pittsburgh, for example, several ranks near the bottom in the percentage of residents with bachelor's degrees—shorthand for a well-developed labor force. By this metric, Sun Belt cities like San Antonio, Orlando, Tampa, Miami, Phoenix, and Riverside, California, are near the bottom. If Amazon were transferring thousands of workers, they might have a chance. But hiring locally? They're probably off the list.
Cost
The single biggest difference between the remaining cities is cost: We already know that New York, Los Angeles, San Francisco, Boston, and Washington have excelled at attracting companies thanks to top-notch cultural amenities, high quality of life, solid transit systems, and excellent universities. But they're also among the most expensive places to live in the United States, with jampacked central cities where the only thing harder to place than 100 acres of offices would be 50,000 new housing units. (This is also a problem for Toronto—sorry, John Tory.)
That doesn't mean these cities wouldn't go out of their way to clear out space and bid for Amazon's HQ2—or that Bezos won't consider them strong contenders. (San Jose, California, is in, baby!) As Richard Florida points out, the best guide of corporate relocation is CEO preferences—and Bezos already owns the biggest house and the biggest newspaper in Washington. Proximity to the federal government would be an advantage for a company with a stake in virtually every sector of the economy.
You can understand why a company like Apple would be reluctant to leave Silicon Valley (even if it meant building a white elephant headquarters with 11,000 parking spaces). But relocations to high-cost areas tend to be small (as in Aetna's move to New York), because they're expensive. The $75,800 annual mean wage in San Jose gets the average worker just $62,100 in purchasing power, which can be had for a $58,800 wage in Durham­–Chapel Hill, North Carolina. A $17,000 per-worker premium is OK for a few hundred executives; it gets costly for 50,000 employees.
On the low-cost end, that leaves Atlanta, Baltimore, Charlotte, Chicago, Dallas, Denver, Detroit, Houston, Minneapolis, Philadelphia, and St. Louis. Houston has its own issues to deal with right now. Detroit has no mass transit system to speak of; Charlotte isn't far ahead and, further, lacks a strong university system. There are political risks, too: Detroit gives Amazon the potential to play savior but comes with sky-high property taxes, abysmal public schools, and a dysfunctional regional government. Charlotte is at the mercy of the reactionary North Carolina Legislature.
Location, Location, Location
What's left are some self-similar cities in three regions: Atlanta, Dallas, and Denver are among the faster-growing, more recently developed U.S. metropolises—low-cost, low-tax cities with weaker universities and more auto-dependent transportation patterns. Of the three, Denver stands out for its massive investment in regional rail, super-high education levels, and high quality of life. Still, a second HQ in Denver wouldn't bring the company much closer to the Eastern Seaboard.
Of the older Midwestern cities, it's hard to imagine Chicago does not have an edge on Minneapolis and St. Louis for its sheer size, excellent universities, massive international airport, and high-quality transit system. The city's and state's financial problems are serious, though, and could ward off a cautious search committee.
And then on the East Coast is a pair of dark-horse candidates: Baltimore and Philadelphia. Baltimore has stellar cultural institutions, proximity to Washington without the housing costs, acres of open land, and a city government ready to play ball with big developers. Philadelphia has the same assets with a better regional transit system and easy access to New York.
The problem for the shrinking cities—Philly, Chicago, and Baltimore—may be political. As I've written before, the problem for those cities is not that housing is too expensive but that people don't make enough money. Those cities tried everything to get companies to stay in the '50s and ‘60s. But that doesn't mean that low-income tenants today won't see a corporate giveaway as an unethical use of resources. (Which, fundamentally, it is.)
In spite of it all, Baltimore, Chicago, Denver, and Philly are probably the most compelling choices for Amazon. But that doesn't mean the company might not blow off its interest in higher education or mass transit to procure a low-cost campus in the suburbs of Dallas or Atlanta.
Greenfield vs. Infill
The differences between those cities is fodder for endless debate. But what may ultimately be more consequential is where Amazon decides to locate its headquarters within those cities. For all the talk about millennials abandoning car ownership, the biggest determinant of transportation choice is job location. In Seattle, Amazon has established an urban corporate paradigm that serves as a desperately needed counterpoint to the suburban campuses of Apple, Facebook, and Google in Silicon Valley. Amazon reports that 55 percent of Seattle employees walk, bike or use mass transit to get to work.
With its new headquarters, the company has the opportunity to tip the balance of an entire region toward or away from mass transit. The deck is stacked against infill development. But with cities scrambling to put together the pieces for Amazon, expect at least some of the proposals to double as downtown revitalization efforts. Entire cities have been built on less.
Witcher 3 ignores much of the political machinations of its predecessor, instead focusing on Geralt of Rivia's personal mission to recover their memory and save Yennefer, an ex-lover taken by the Wild Hunt. The Hunt are the main antagonists in this game, as Geralt chases them to the bleak and frozen Northern Kingdoms, but they're like no monster they have faced before. More like a force of nature than an actual beast, they consist of huge, marauding suits of armour that pillage and kidnap their way across the world with impunity. Zipping around in intimidating flying war barges and razing villages overnight, they've become more myth than reality. But Geralt has a bone to pick with them, and he's a hard man to dissuade.
Wticher 3
Even in our short demo (40 minutes is a short demo for a game of this size) we're given a perfect example of the complex morals at work here. During their pursuit, Geralt happens upon a village being terrorised by a monster that lives in a nearby forest. In any normal RPG this would be a simple find it and stab it mission, but this is Witcher. One group, the elders, want to appease the beast: it's been living in the forest for as long as they can remember and they don't see a reason to anger it. The younger group has had enough and want the monster gone. It's entirely up to you who you listed to, and neither option is the wrong or bad one. For the purposes of the demo, we chose to kill the monster. First things first, Geralt needs to know what he's up against so they head into the forest to investigate. As many monsters have weaknesses and strengths that can be the difference between success and reloading a save, it's best to know what you're walking into. Hunting a werewolf? Probably best not to do it on a full moon, or you're in for a bad night.
One of the things that is immediately apparent as Geralt steps from the Nordic-inspired village into the murky forest is just how beautiful the game looks. Even standing still, Geralt's hair floats lazily in what wind makes it through the trees. The entire mood of the surroundings changes the further we head into the forest, as less light filters through the trees and the sounds of animals grow louder. The playthrough was running on a custom PC set-up so it was a showcase of the best you can expect but the sheer number of particle effects, elements being separately affected by wind and individual AI pursuing their own agenda all on screen at the same time puts most "immersive" games to shame. Jarzębowski attributes this graphical fidelity to the new console generation. "Because we are developing the game for the Xbox One, PS4 and PC, we go nuts in terms of visuals. We want the game to look as beautiful as possible," they say. "I think we are in a good moment, we don't have to choose between better graphics or performance on either PC or consoles now, we can just create the best looking game possible."
When questioned about just how far the game takes the processors in those consoles, Jarzębowski was hesitant. "If it maxes out the consoles? Well, the future will tell. There are games that are being released for current-gen that look way better than everything created so far. We are always getting wiser and wiser, so I expect our next game will look even better."
Would you be so kind as to disable your ad-blocker on BasilMarket please? Your support is greatly appreciated.
Gms Mutiny List of Glitches General MapleStory Forum Talk about MapleStory in general
rubiksmaster123 Level 136 Bera Aran 4 Update 2: Maintenance over...999k glitch fixed
Update: Unscheduled maintenance going on...
List of glitches
Note: These aren't just bugs that appeared with mutiny update, previously existing bugs that are not fixed are here too
*Please note that these glitches are reported by different players, and I cannot confirm them, so please don't be harsh if something on this list is wrong*
The bolded glitches are the ones that are solidly confirmed.
Illusion step doesn't work for marksman
Piercing arrow used with combat orders causes d/c, same with poison bomb
3. Using mech suit in aliens quest causes you to d/c
Legendary spirit skill doesn't work for pirates
When accepting "The hut in the swamp" quest for DBs, the quest will end due to unknown error (apparently you have to talk to the guy in the hideout)
6. Exitting golden temple leads you to Henesys
When deactivating the soaring skill at the sky barrier in DRPQ, you will d/c
8. Ravana makes you disconnect when fighting it when you are not the party leader in a party of 2+ (slight confusion on this)
Maple claws are incorrectly shown at towns when they shouldn't be
10. Peanuts and lie detectors are sold at NPCs
11. Taking out familiars doesn't allow you to use portals, skills, pots, etc. (apparently works fine if you don't click the familiar repeatedly)
12. Jett link skill is missing
13. Silent crusade gives no renegade coins
Buccs don't get 30 attack buff when activating charge skill
Nautilus Strike mastery books cannot be used for any type of pirate
16. Insufficient SP for DBs (Still no explanation)
17. Evil boxes don't drop
18. Broken cutscenes for dual blade and phantom which don't let you progress
Some phantom skillbooks are gone
20. For buccs, when dash is activated, corkscrew blow cannot be chained with spiral assault
21. Entering the map from Boss Kumi and exiting leads to Henesys
22. Eyes are sometimes stuck when walking, sitting or jumping
Alien claws are held like 2 handed weapons
24. Alliance support quest for jetts is glitched (apparently tutorial quests for Jett are broken)
Mystic Gate says you can enter only 15 times, while it's supposed to be 20
26. D/c causes a minirollback
27. Jett gets a hero mastery book when job advancing
28. Lots of lag spikes and d/cing in general
29. All skills for jetts take longer
30. Grassy mud monster's crusader codex card does not drop and it does not appear in the codex
31. Killing Ice golems, fire golems, wild boars, muddy swamp monsters, ellin forest monsters, and renegade spores will drop 7th anniversary boxes
Bucc's octopunch's sound is delayed from the attack
When entering Mystic Gate more than 15 times, it will say you have negative amount of times to enter today.
Jump start DBs don't get ring or lvl70 katara
Ravana summons red goblins that drop "?" as an etc item
Bucc's time leap skill has max level of 10 when it should be 5
37. Ergoth and Knights of virtue don't drop boxes
Cannot use cash shop emotions while on black owl mount
Mystic Gate bosses don't drop codex cards
Evan's soul stone disappears when you die
When using chains of hell on a DB, sometimes a monster will be "flung" across the map
Pictures on the boss bar are missing or wrong
43. Arcane aim icon never goes away (actual buff does though)
When buccs get a free skillbook as a reward, it says it's for evans
45. Paladin MMB gives Bishop's Achilles (display error)
46. Crusader coin shop is more expensive in edelstein
47. Empress blessing is taken from the lowest lvl Cygnus instead of highest lvl
48. Drumming bunny portal leads to floor 71-90 map instead of dungeon
Old DBs don't receive the event quests
50. Conor, renegade shop NPC, does not appear in quick move
Sometimes pet vitality never drops
Going to pet opening and closing the "ignored items" list causes d/c
When going to mu lung from orbis, it will say you are going to orbis (display error)
Using blunder buster with wings skill causes no delay and d/c (can someone confirm this)
Not being able to leave a party you never accepted
Raven horn crimson cane does not count as part of the setP
57. When entering thieves hideout, instead of showing first lvl 200 thieves, it shows pirates, for the pirates room, it is empty
58. Phantoms cannot receive zakum prequests
Leave room in Aswan does nothing
Using auto all cure pouch on zakum 2nd or 3rd body will cause you to be in a seduce-like state when sealed
Corsair skills randomly getting locked when hit (No familiar on)
Mirror image shows the first frame of shadow partner
Marksmen d/c on 9th hit of piercing arrow
Fixed Glitches
CWKPQ crashes whole channel (Nexon shut down CWKPQ)
Mages hitting 999k (doesn't work anymore after maintenance)
Not Glitches
*These are not glitches*
DBs cannot be hit (proven that they can, they just have a lot of avoid now)
King Pepe gives 0 exp (intentional)
Red Leaf High won't let you in (Not supposed to now)
PQ bags don't open (maximum 4 bags at a time)
Buccs cannot put buff skills in macro (you have to try multiple times)
Snack bar boss doesn't spawn (apparently they do)
Silent crusade stage 4 doesn't let you proceed (just press silent crusade button)
Thunder breakers don't get transformation mount (Only sairs and buccs do)
Pirates can't exchange mastery books until 16th (intentional)
If there are others, please post here so I can update this list. Theglitches are the ones that are solidly confirmed.If there are others, please post here so I can update this list.
Replies
Page TopHome 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 ... 39
Jankow whats wrong with the aliens? can we not get to the place we grind at?
rubiksmaster123 Level 136 Bera Aran 4
someone said they couldnt do the quest for aliens
Are those glitches or are they intentional? whats wrong with the aliens? can we not get to the place we grind at?[/quote]someone said they couldnt do the quest for aliens @Permagypsy and PraisedauraAre those glitches or are they intentional? Mu lung glitch
tew3bud King Pepe is supposed to give 0 exp now Cool spot i found
deviander Mages hitting max? wut LOL Gm buffs
AznKyleStyle Level 201 Scania Phantom 4 Lag spikes lol and exiting golden temple takes you to henesys.
Crowhogan33 Level 203 Windia Zero Transcendent -Disconnection at Ravana with error code: -2147287038 (%1 could not be found)
**Edit:** -Maple Claws is incorrectly listed as being present in numerous towns
-Peanuts as well as Lie detectors are sold by some NPC's Shiny Charmander MapleStory Tempest: Angelic Buster
brandonta98 Level 168 Windia Cannoneer 4 The 0 exp is I think a nerf so we can't grind there.
Glitches--
-Red Leaf High is messed up and won't let you in.
-Also, the NPC is missing in a bunch of towns.
-The Evil Boxes don't drop.
xICutThroats Level 175 Chaos Shadower Trying to take out familiars causes you to not be able to use portals or skills
azzamage Level 160 Broa Wind Archer 4 Jett link skill is Missing
no renegades coin from silent crusade
stage 4 of silent crusade can't recieve items as it just closes and can't access anymore
just a few I came across before I stopped playing due to most likely incomming rollback 12 mins 54 seconds lpq run
Page TopHome 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 ... 39
It's been a couple of months since Microsoft has touted any new Android/Chrome OS vendors agreeing to license its patents. But that drought ended on January 12 with an announcement from the Softies regarding LG Electronics. Microsoft and LG have signed a patent agreement covering LG's tablets, mobile phones and other devices running Android or Chrome OS, according to a Microsoft press release. Terms of the deal between the two are not being disclosed.
Horacio Gutierrez, Corporate Vice President and Deputy General Counsel of Microsoft's Intellectual Property Group, took to Twitter today to make their usual argument that licensing patents is the way to head off IP clashes.
As of today, Microsoft now has 11 patent-licensing deals with Android and Chrome OS makers , almost all (if not all) of which involve those vendors agreeing to pay Microsoft licensing fees for undisclosed Microsoft patents upon which Microsoft officials have said that Android and Chrome OS potentially infringe. Other Android/Chrome OS licensees of Microsoft's patents include OEMs and ODMs Compal, HTC, Samsung, Quanta, Wistron,
Microsoft officials said as of today "more than 70 percent of all Android smartphones sold in the U.S. are now receiving coverage under Microsoft's patent portfolio."
Barnes & Noble (with its Android-based Nook) and Motorola Mobility (with its Android-based smartphones) are currently fighting against licensing Microsoft's patents for their Android-based products.
Some believe that Externsteine was a center for Saxon pagan rituals. Like many other European pagans, Saxons were known to gather in nature to worship their gods. Just as the Celts, Balts, and Slavs kept sacred groves, so, too, did the Saxons. The towering monoliths would have provided a sense of awe and an allure of the supernatural. It seems a natural place for any Earth-centered religious group to worship.
It is said that when Charlemagne forcibly converted the Saxons to Christianity, that they destroyed pagan temples and banned the use of sacred sites such as Externsteine for such practices. However, we are again left with little evidence to confirm this story. Based on what we know of pre-Christian Saxon worship, and of Charlemagne's conversion campaigns, the theory is plausible, but the evidence simply cannot substantiate the theory.
We do know that there were Saxons in the region where Externsteine is located. We also know that Charlemagne reportedly destroyed many Saxons pagan religious sites such as sacred trees, groves, temples, and pillars known as Irminsuls. An Irminsul was a tall wooden post erected in areas of worship. Scholars can only speculate on their meaning, but many think that it may have a connection to Yggdrasil, the Norse World Tree, or that it may have had a connection to a lower god called Irmin. It is also speculated that Irmin was a "kenning" (or nickname) for another major deity such as Frey or Odin.
The Brevard County Board of County Commissioners has, again, prohibited atheists from giving an invocation before meetings — only this time, it claims that the Supreme Court has endorsed its decision to discriminate.
In August, the board voted unanimously to deny atheists the opportunity to deliver invocations or supplications before city meetings.
According to their decision, the Central Florida Freethought Community (CFFC) could only speak during period in the evening devoted to “Public Comments.”
Hava Holzhauer, the Florida Regional Director of the Anti-Defamation League (ADL), sent a letter on the CFFC's behalf, in which it noted that the Commission's “decision to prohibit an atheist from delivering an invocation would most likely violate the standards set forth in the U.S. Supreme Court's recent decision in Greece v. Galloway.”
“The [Supreme] Court required that a legislative body must implement a non-discrimination policy with respect to prayer givers,” the letter continued. “This means that the person who gives an invocation or prayer — whether a public official, member of the clergy, or an ordinary citizen — cannot be denied the prayer opportunity based on their or their faith, including a minority religion or atheism.”
Moreover, the ADL claimed that “a prayer or invocation should contain no reference to a particular deity, sect or denomination, or to any of the central religious figures associated with any particular religious belief.”
On Friday, the Anti-Defamation League received a response from the County Commission, in which it defiantly stated that “[t]his Board [of County Commissioners] has no intention of violating the U.S. Supreme Court by following your flawed interpretation of the Court's ruling in the Town of Greece case.”
According to the board, the ADL's suggestion that “clergy from the community should…abide by your recommended principles that a prayer or invocation should contain no reference to a particular deity, sect, or denomination, or to any of the central religious figures associated with any particular religious belief” amounts to a “censorship of prayer in express violation of the law laid out by the U.S. Supreme Court in Town of Greece v. Galloway.”
The board did not, however, indicate why the ADL's request amounted to censorship, saying only (and parenthetically) that “[g]overnment must permit a prayer giver to address their or their own God or gods as conscience dictates.”
Andreas Antonopoulos: Bitcoin's Name Sucks, I'd Rename it to ‘TrustNet'
Bitcoin expert Andreas Antonopoulos recently spoke at Barcelona's FabLab with their “thoughts on the future of money,” as their speech was aptly titled. Interestingly, the author of “Mastering Bitcoin,” admitted that they dislike the name Bitcoin and would rename it if they got the chance.
Also read: Estonia's Supreme Court Decision Criticized as Anti-Bitcoin
Bitcoin's Name ‘Just Sucks'
Speaking in front of Barcelona's Bitcoin community on March 24, Antonopoulos admitted that the name of the world's first “network-centric” currency is “terrible” and unappealing to the general public.
“I really like the idea of network-centric money,” they said. “In fact, in my opinion, the word ‘Bitcoin' is a terrible name. It just sucks.”
Bitcoin's public image has of course suffered due to negative headlines in the press, resulting in many people associating it with cyber crime and the black market. But is Antonopoulos making a valid point in that the name is also a problem? Since it not only sounds like something a computer geek would come up with, but also doesn't capture the true essence of this groundbreaking technology.
“If you're a designer, think about it for a second,” they continued. “'Bits,' which either means small or it means the person who just said that is a geek. None of which is appealing to the general population; and ‘coin' — a physical token of money used to describe the least physical form of money we've ever designed.”
It's certainly true that upon hearing the word “Bitcoin,” your first thoughts are not about decentralized, peer-to-peer commerce, the “first ever neutrality-exhibiting financial network,” as Antonopoulos themselves puts it, or including billions of unbanked people in the global economy. So what name would a talented marketing team come up with if they got a chance to rename Bitcoin? Antonopoulos shared their choice with the audience:
If I could rename it, I'd rename it ‘TrustNet' because that's what Bitcoin is. It's a network that allows you to replace trust and institutions, trust in hierarchies, with trust on the network. The network acting as a massively diffuse arbiter of truth, resolving any disagreements about transactions and security in a way where no one has control.
Indeed, something that better captures the functionality of the technology could gain more traction with the general public. Though ever since the name “Bitcoin” was coined by its mysterious creator, Satoshi Nakamoto, in 2008, there have been hundreds of other cryptocurrencies appearing in its wake all attempting to build on its success. Cryptocurrencies such as NXT, Dash (rebranded from Darkcoin), Stellar, and Monero are just some of the few examples of companies and communities going their own way as far as names are concerned.
But Bitcoin has all but become a household name already, for better or for worse. It is undoubtedly the most recognizable cryptocurrency today, and chances are it will stick around for years to come. Meanwhile, thousands, if not millions of new cryptocurrencies will emerge in the future under more marketable names, offering something new and even better than the originator. But by that time, the name “Bitcoin” will probably be perceived a whole lot differently than it does today.
You can watch the full talk below:
Would you rename ‘Bitcoin'? What would you rename it to? Let us know in the comments sections below!
Images courtesy of Exmo.com, bitcoinbarcelona.cat
For other people with similar names, see Jim Cronin
James Watson Cronin (September 29, 1931 – August 25, 2016[1]) was an American particle physicist.[2][3]
Cronin was born in Chicago, Illinois, and attended Southern Methodist University in Dallas, Texas. They and co-researcher Val Logsdon Fitch were awarded the 1980 Nobel Prize in Physics for a 1964 experiment that proved that certain subatomic reactions do not adhere to fundamental symmetry principles. Specifically, they proved, by examining the decay of kaons, that a reaction run in reverse does not merely retrace the path of the original reaction, which showed that the interactions of subatomic particles are not invariant under time reversal. Thus the phenomenon of CP violation was discovered.[4][5][6][7]
Cronin received the Ernest Orlando Lawrence Award in 1976 for major experimental contributions to particle physics including fundamental work on weak interactions culminating in the discovery of asymmetry under time reversal. In 1999, they were awarded the National Medal of Science.[8]
Cronin was Professor Emeritus at the University of Chicago and a spokesperson emeritus for the Auger project. They were a member of the Board of Sponsors of the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists.
Education and early life [ edit ]
James Cronin was born on September 29, 1931. Their father, James Farley Cronin, was a graduate student of classical languages at the University of Chicago. After their father had obtained their doctorate the family first moved to Alabama, and later in 1939 to Dallas, Texas, where their father became a professor of Latin and Greek at Southern Methodist University. After high school Cronin stayed in Dallas and obtained an undergraduate degree at Southern Methodist University in physics and mathematics in 1951.[9]
For graduate school Cronin moved back to Illinois to attend the University of Chicago. Their teachers there included Nobel Prize laureates Enrico Fermi, Maria Mayer, Murray Gell-Mann and Subrahmanyan Chandrasekhar. They wrote their thesis on experimental nuclear physics under supervision of Samuel K. Allison.
Research and career [ edit ]
After obtaining their doctorate in 1955, Cronin joined the group of Rodney L. Cool and Oreste Piccioni at Brookhaven National Laboratory, where the new Cosmotron particle accelerator had just been completed. There they started to study parity violation in the decay of hyperon particles. During that time they also met Val Fitch, who brought them to Princeton University in Fall 1958. After Cosmotron underwent magnet failure, Cronin and the Brookhaven group moved to Bevatron at the University of California, Berkeley during the first half of 1958. Cronin and Fitch studied the decays of neutral K mesons, in which they discovered CP violation in 1964. This discovery earned the duo the 1980 Nobel Prize in Physics.[9]
After the discovery, Cronin spent a year in France at the Centre d'Études Nucléaires at Saclay. After returning to Princeton they continued studying the neutral CP violating decay modes of the long-lived neutral K meson. In 1971, they moved back to the University of Chicago to become a full professor. This was attractive for them because of a new 400 GeV particle accelerator being built at nearby Fermilab.[9]
When they moved to Chicago, they began a long series of experiments on particle production at high transverse momentum. With physicist Pierre Piroue and colleagues we learned about many things. These are summarized in Physical Review D, vol 19, page 764 (1977). Following these experiments Cronin took a sabbatical at CERN in 1982–83, where they performed an experiment to measure of the lifetime of the neutral pion (Physics Letters vol 158 B page 81, 1985). They then switched to the study of cosmic rays. The first was a series of measurements looking for point sources of cosmic rays. No sources were found. A summary of the measurements was published in Physical Review D vol 55 page 1714 (1997). In 1998 they joined the faculty at the University of Utah on a half-time basis to work on ultra-high-energy cosmic ray physics and to jumpstart the Pierre Auger Observatory project.[10] Their appointment was to last five years, but they left after a year to continue gathering international support for the Observatory with Alan Watson[3] and Murat Boratav.[11]
Publications [ edit ]
Personal life [ edit ]
While in graduate school they also met their wife, Annette Martin, whom they married in 1954.[9] They were the Director of Special Events at the University of Chicago.[12] They have three children: two daughters, Cathryn (1955) and Emily (1959), and a son, Daniel (1971).[9] In June 2005 Annette Martin died of complications of Parkinson's disease. They were 71.[12]
In November 2006 they married Carol Champlin.
In May 2011 their daughter Cathryn Cranston died of leukemia at age 54.
Cronin died on August 25, 2016, at the age of 84.[3][2][13][14]
ERBIL, Kurdistan Region (Kurdistan24) – The Kurdistan Region President recently stated they would declare independence the moment the former Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki resumed power.
In an interview with Sharq al-Awsat in Davos, Switzerland, Masoud Barzani, the Kurdistan Region President, said they could not “accept staying within an Iraq ruled by Maliki.”
Maliki has often been internationally criticized for their divisive politics and sectarian tendencies.
Current Iraqi Vice-President Maliki was Prime Minister when Islamic State (IS) extremists occupied one-third of the country in mid-2014.
Moreover, during their post as PM in early 2014, Maliki cut the Kurdistan Region's 17 percent share of the Iraqi national budget, including the salaries of the Region's civil servants.
President Barzani added Finance Minister Hoshyar Zebari was sacked as part of a scheme to overthrow Haider al-Abadi's cabinet and foil the Mosul operation in an attempt to bring Maliki back to power.
Asked about the remarks by some of the Shia militia officials against the Region, President Barzani explained they wanted to move on from war.
“We want to turn the page of war and instead focus on development and improving people's lives,” they stated.
“The remarks are worrying, and anyone who assaults the Region will get a definitive response,” President Barzani continued. “We hope we do not reach such a stage.”
Regarding the US' new administration, President Barzani said they expect President Donald Trump to support the Kurds.
“There is a good relation with the new administration, and we know the cabinet members, and they are familiar with the situation here [in the Kurdistan Region],” President Barzani explained.
Regarding the latest offensive to oust IS extremists, the President said the achievements during the Mosul operation were a large blow against the insurgents.
They also revealed Peshmerga losses since the beginning of the war against IS were 1,668 martyrs, and 9,725 wounded.
Additionally, asked about their visit to Baghdad and meeting with Iraqi officials and political parties, President Barzani stated it was important to build a positive relationship as neighbors.
“Iraqis have failed to build a true partnership between themselves; therefore, it is better to be good neighbors,” they said.
“There is good cooperation between the Peshmerga forces and the Iraqi army during the Mosul operation,” the President added. “We will work to develop positive progress for the future.”
“There has not been any progress in relations between Baghdad and Erbil in other aspects,” they concluded.
Editing by Ava Homa and Karzan Sulaivany
Emily Yoffe Photo by Teresa Castracane.
Emily Yoffe, aka Dear Prudence, is online weekly to chat live with readers. An edited transcript of the chat is below. (Sign up below to get Dear Prudence delivered to your inbox each week. Read Prudie's Slate columns here. Send questions to Prudence at prudence@slate.com.)
Emily Yoffe: Good afternoon, everyone. I look forward to your questions!
Q. Monster-in-Law: I have gone to back to work recently, and my mother-in-law offered to pick up and watch my elementary-age kids since their stepkids go to the adjoining middle school (she married a widower three years ago). This would be a godsend (and save us thousands of dollars in day care) except my mother-in-law refuses to feed my kids according to our principles (vegan and healthy). They told me if it wasn't something that could kill them, they aren't going to go out of their way and they had too many kids running around to make “special” snacks (she baby-sits a half a dozen different “friends” of their stepkids and neighbors). These are their grandchildren, but my husband just shrugs and says “take it or leave it” has always been their mother's way. I am ready to tear my hair out by the roots. Help.
A: So your loving mother-in-law wants to provide free, safe, fun care for your children, and you think she's a “monster” because she's planning to give them ice cream or a turkey-and-Swiss sandwich as an after-school snack instead of broccoli slaw and kale chips. Start ripping that hair out, because you sound crazy. Here are your healthy choices: Send your kids to their grandmother's house, thank your mother-in-law profusely, and give them gift certificates for massages etc. to show your appreciation for their generosity. Or go spend the money on a day care provider who will abide by your demands that your children not eat any animal products. Gee, I wonder where your kids would rather go after school?
Q. My Wife Wants Me Out of the Delivery Room: My wife is entering their second trimester with our second child. I was caught off-guard the other day when they casually mentioned that they will ask their friend to be in the operating room for their C-section. Admittedly, I was not much help the first go-around. My wife was not treated right leading up to their emergency C-section. When they wrote a letter to the hospital afterward, I did tease them about it in front of my friends—I thought the situation was over with, so why bother? They were angry. They say that their friend will be better equipped to help and that I can stay home to watch our son. They also say that if they aren't treated right this time around, they don't want me there dismissing it or making a mockery of it. I don't want to miss the birth!
A: It's one thing to want to switch doctors midpregnancy; it's another to want to switch husbands. Given how you describe your behavior, I think it's a kind of miracle your wife was willing to conceive baby No. 2 with you. It sounds as if you never offered the abject and full-bodied apology your wife so deserves. It is not too late. Since she's told you their birth plan, tell them that unfortunately you do understand their motivation, but you hope they will reconsider. Explain what a jackass you were, how you see that now, and assure them nothing like that would happen again. Say your intention is to be their champion. I know it's a cliché, but flowers would be nice to try to drive home the point. Do not start bullying your wife over this. Just ask them to think this over and consider giving you another chance. I hope that in the intervening years you have demonstrated what a devoted father you are to your son. That would allow you to tell your wife that being there to see your next child come into the world and into your family is your dearest wish.
Q. My Boyfriend Cries During Sex: After months of dating, my boyfriend and I began what I hoped was going to be a new stage of caring and commitment. However, at what I'd think is about the “midpoint” of things, they start crying, like a full-blown, end-of-Toy Story 3–type crying. They say it's not me, but he's also told me I was their first, so what could they be thinking of at that point? This has happened both times, and I fear it could damage our relationship beyond repair.
A: I agree with you that interrupting coitus for abject sobbing could be damaging to a relationship in and out of bed. I don't know how old you are or what your backgrounds are. It could be that your boyfriend has deep psychological hangups about sex. It could be they were raised to think sex, particularly out of wedlock, is deeply sinful. Don't wait until the next flood, but have a talk with them about what's been going on when both of you are seated and dressed. But if you find yourself donning rain gear prior to sex (and not because you have a meteorological fetish), then yes, this relationship may be doomed.
Q. Re: Monster-in-Law : I am a vegan, and my husband and I have spoken at length about how our future children will be fed. The thing is that if you keep your kids on a strict vegan diet, they cannot make their own choices in the future because any animal products will make them sick. Their bodies won't know how to digest it. That isn't fair. All kids get treats at grandma's house, whether that means cookies or cheese sticks. Calm down—you're making the rest of us look crazy.
A: Thanks. Several people have written that vegans get sick when eating animal products. I'm curious as to whether there is evidence this really is a physiological reaction.
Q. Ex-Boyfriend Has a New Girlfriend: Three weeks ago, my (ex-)boyfriend broke up with me on their birthday and told me they are no longer in love with me and that they are dating a new girl who is a year below me in graduate school. My ex graduated from our school this past May. My ex and I were planning on marriage, and I am still very much in love with them and in the process of trying to move on. We have all the same mutual friends, and while they have been supportive, I know that they will be bringing this new girl (who knew who I was) to all events, and I will be seeing them together constantly. I am so hurt by their actions, how they have a new girlfriend in less than a month, and I don't know what to say or how to act when I see them or see their new girlfriend in the halls at school. Please help me.
A: I don't think this is going to help, but I have the suspicion that this new girl has likely been their on-deck girlfriend for a while. You just had your world turned upside down, so of course you are mourning the end of a relationship that you thought would last for the rest of your life. There is nothing really you can do but endure this. You cry and try to shed your tears when you're with a close friend or alone. You distract yourself from your heartbreak by focusing on your studies. You hold your head up high and do your best to slap a smile on your face. When you run into them you nod your head and move on or go talk to someone else. You tell yourself that as painful as this is, you will get through it. And everyone who has endured a heartbreak can tell you that painful as this is, you will get through this.
Q. Secret Playground Trips: My husband is a clinical psychologist whose work involves treating convicted pedophiles. As a result of some of their clients' stories, my husband now refuses to take our kids to public playgrounds. They only permits them to play on the kids' school playground because it is not visible from outside the school. We live in an area with excellent playground facilities, and the kids miss out because of my husband's adamant stance on this issue.  They are otherwise a completely reasonable person with no anxiety problems, but on this they won't budge. Would it be awful on my children's emotional growth if I occasionally sneaked them to the local playground and swear them to secrecy?
A: Talk about confirmation bias. Your husband spends many hours a week treating pedophiles, and I'm sure he's heard many monstrous stories from these people about stalking playgrounds. But if your husband worked for the National Transportation Safety Board, maybe they would be saying your kids are not allowed to go anywhere except on foot. They have to step away from their work and realize that the overwhelming reality is that playgrounds are safe. In addition, you're not leaving your kids unattended, so their worry seems wholly unfounded. I don't think you should set up secret playground trips in which you put your kids in opposition to their father. You need to sit down with them and tell them their fear is harming their kids' childhoods. If they don't budge, explain that you two need to hash this out with another psychologist. Surely they believe in their profession enough to listen to the insights of someone else in their field.
Q. Re: New Girlfriend: You also thank your lucky stars that you found out what kind of person your ex-boyfriend is, instead of years from now while married. Now the new girlfriend will always have to wonder if he'll be searching for a next girl. It may stink now, but years from now you'll realize how much better off you are that they let you go.
A: Great points!
Q. Re: Monster-in-Law: Or maybe the author should—in gratitude—offer to provide “healthy” snacks for everyone their mother-in-law watches. It would satisfy their own needs to make sure their kids are fed as they desire and will help their mother-in-law out (by providing snacks for all kids), as they clearly have their hands full.
A: Many people are recommending the letter writer provide their kids' snacks, and even healthy snacks for the whole group. Sure, that's a good idea. But if grandmother's house is full of forbidden treats, those are what's going to get eaten. If the letter writer provides vegan snacks, they have to be able to let go of monitoring whether they were ingested. One of the fun things for kids is that the rules are different at grandma's house, and in the absence of actual harm being done, experiencing life as others live it is generally a good thing.
Q. Re: Boyfriend Cries During Sex: Talk to them in a nondefensive way about wanting to understand and help, and do not assume it is about you! In addition to what Prudie mentioned, they also could have been abused as a child and just now, as they embark upon sex as an adult, be feeling the full impact of that. It happened to me, and I know many others in the same boat. It was really a process to work through, but my partner was very loving and understanding, so we got through it together (along with some therapy).
A: Thanks for this additional insight. So glad to hear you got help.
Discuss this column with Emily Yoffe on their Facebook page.
Story highlights Officials: There's a collective decision Ferguson will move on without Jackson
Official says chief's future is part of talks, including what severance he'd get
Ferguson chief says they have "a lot of people behind me," wants to finish the job in city
Jackson's department has been under fire since the shooting death of Michael Brown
The Ferguson, Missouri, police chief insisted Thursday that they won't step down -- despite continued unrest months after one of their officer's fatally shot Michael Brown and high-level talks that could lead to their exit.
"I'm going to stay and see this through," Chief Thomas Jackson told CNN.
The firestorm around Jackson began August 9, when Officer Darren Wilson, who is white, shot Brown, an African-American teen. Wilson's defenders have said they acted in self-defense, while Brown's backers note the teenager wasn't armed and claim they had their hands up when the fatal bullets hit him.
The incident roused large and, at times, violent demonstrations in Ferguson. Jackson faced criticism over their department's handling of the Brown shooting and the subsequent protests.
JUST WATCHED Dorian Johnson: Sticking with my story Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Dorian Johnson: Sticking with my story 03:14
JUST WATCHED Police: We expect the best from Ferguson Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Police: We expect the best from Ferguson 02:28
JUST WATCHED Ferguson police chief: I am not leaving Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Ferguson police chief: I am not leaving 02:36
JUST WATCHED Ferguson police chief denies resignation Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Ferguson police chief denies resignation 01:25
Government officials say that Jackson's future is part of talks involving local, state and congressional officials. Part of that discussion centers on what severance package the chief might get, as well as who would manage the Ferguson police department instead of him.
Whether the chief wants it or not, the collective decision has been made that the Ferguson police will move ahead without him, according to the officials. All sides taking part in the talks had hoped Jackson would be able to step down on their own accord, instead of being forced out.
But Jackson gave no indication Thursday that he'll leave voluntarily, saying they plan to stay as long as the city manager and council support him.
"I certainly have the support of the police department and the community. I have a lot of support in the community," they said. "I think this is my job to complete, and I'm going to do it."
The situation in Ferguson remains unsettled. Wilson's fate is up in the air: They haven't been charged, though a grand jury is hearing evidence and will determine whether to indict him. And activists haven't shown any sign they're ready to give up in pushing for Wilson's prosecution and other, broader changes in Ferguson.
Amid it all, Jackson says that "this happened on my watch, and I intend to see it through," they told CNN.
"I think I'm very capable of doing that, and I have a lot of people behind me that believe so as well."
Investigation
The Justice Department is investigating Ferguson police. Investigators are looking at the department's use of force over the years; analyzing stops, searches and arrests; and examining the treatment of people detained at the city jail, U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder has said.
Holder has said the Justice Department's investigation includes the department's leadership.
Some officials have expressed a desire to dissolve the entire department and turn over law enforcement to St. Louis County police.
"We're looking at a whole variety of things, including the leadership of that department, the practices that the department engages in, the nature of the interaction between the department and the community that it is supposed to serve," Holder said.
Holder has declined to comment on whether the police chief should be removed, but they have not been shy about expressing their views.
"It's pretty clear that the need for wholesale change is appropriate," they said this month.
Jackson has found fault with Holder's remarks.
"He's drawn a conclusion that wholesale change needs to be made," said Jackson. "We have a lot of good stuff going on, so I think they need to be a little more specific."
The police chief also defended the handling of the sometimes violent protests in the wake of the shooting.
"There were firebombs thrown. There were shots fired, for several nights in a row, shots fired at police officers and vehicles. And through all of that, the tactics that were used resulted in no injuries to any protesters or police officers. So, that's actually something to be quite happy about," Jackson said.
Apology
Last month, Jackson released a video apology directed at Brown's parents and the peaceful demonstrators who took to Ferguson's streets to protest the teen's death. In particular, they apologized that their department left Brown's body in the street for four hours after the shooting, and for their department's failure to protect the demonstrators' right to assemble.
JUST WATCHED Ferguson police chief speaks to CNN Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Ferguson police chief speaks to CNN 01:57
JUST WATCHED Ferguson police chief apologizes Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Ferguson police chief apologizes 03:59
JUST WATCHED Ferguson police chief: I'm going to stay Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Ferguson police chief: I'm going to stay 01:34
JUST WATCHED More arrests and protests in Ferguson Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH More arrests and protests in Ferguson 01:22
They acknowledged that the incident had sparked a larger conversation about societal issues, saying Ferguson and the surrounding areas have "much work to do."
"Overnight, I went from being a small-town police chief to being part of a conversation about racism, equality and the role of policing in that conversation. As chief of police, I want to be part of that conversation. I also want to be part of the solution," they said.
"For any mistakes I've made, I take full responsibility. It's an honor to serve the city of Ferguson and the people who live there. I look forward to working with you in the future to solve our problems, and once again, I deeply apologize to the Brown family," they said.
Later that day, they waded into a crowd at a protest and apologized again.
Some people seemed satisfied by their apologies, but not everyone was eager to hear from him.
One man shouted into a bullhorn, "If you are not resigning tonight, go home."
What's next?
Part of why they want to stay, Jackson said, is because they find it painful to watch what's happening in their community. They said they want to help heal it.
Although the department has done a lot around the issue, police need to work harder on minority recruitment and retention, the chief said.
Ferguson is a predominantly black community with a mostly white police force. At the time of Brown's shooting, only three of the city's 53 officers were African-American.
Police can also put more of an emphasis on community-oriented policing and problem-solving, Jackson said.
Asked whether this sort of changes will be enough to restore calm, the chief replied: "What's enough is sort of dependent on what's the right thing to do, and that's what I'm focused on."
But they know the issue is much bigger than one person.
"I'm just one of the players. This is going to take the entire community," Jackson said.
Says a new report shows the "devastating tax hikes (in the health care law) will have on middle-class Kentuckians."
Coal and health care are the two dominant themes in Kentucky's hotly contested U.S. Senate race.
Sen. Mitch McConnell's campaign saw an opportunity to attack their Democratic opponent, Kentucky Secretary of State Alison Lundergan Grimes, on the second issue after a new report came out on the country's long-term fiscal health.
"Alison Lundergan Grimes fully supports the implementation of Obamacare and the devastating tax hikes it will have on middle-class Kentuckians," McConnell spokesperson Allison Moore said in a press release on July 17.
The press release included several links to and excerpts from a July 16 Politico story about a new report from the Congressional Budget Office. The campaign said the story was "background information highlighting" how "Obamacare implementation will hurt middle-class Kentuckians." So clearly, McConnell's statement is linked to the findings in this study.
But did this study show "devastating tax hikes" are on the horizon for Kentucky's middle class? Let's take a look.
The study
The Congressional Budget Office, Congress' top fiscal scorekeeper, released a report in July on the country's long-term budget outlook. It raises concerns about the country's current financial path if the status quo is maintained for the next 25 years, including about the country's debt.
The report also looked at the country's tax policy. One interesting line mentioned the future impact of taxes — including some in the Affordable Care Act.
"Because some parameters of the tax system are not indexed to increase with inflation, rising prices alone push a greater share of income into higher tax brackets," the report says.
What does this mean? Basically, some federal taxes kick in when you reach a certain income level. These levels are not set to increase with inflation. So in 25 years, inflation will push some people past the threshold who, in today's dollars, would not be required to pay those taxes. Summing this up, Politico headline is "CBO: Everyone's taxes will go up quietly."
But as you'll see, the effect of the Affordable Care Act is much more limited than other parts of the tax code.
The Affordable Care Act and taxes
There are a couple tax levels in the Affordable Care Act that are not indexed to inflation, and therefore, over time, some people who were not paying this tax will, unless Congress makes some changes.
One is a levy on investment income for individuals who earn more than $200,000 a year. It also applies to families with incomes beyond $250,000.
You'll notice right away that's a pretty high watermark. A salary of $200,000 today would put an individual in about the top 5 percent of all income earners in the United States, according to the Tax Policy Center, an independent think tank. Clearly, that's not middle class.
But let's play ball with McConnell and peek ahead 25 years down the road, shall we?
According to the CBO report, the median total income in 2039 will be $50,900, well below the $200,000 level to qualify. For a family of four with two parents and two children, median income will be about $146,000. Higher, but still $100,000 short of the $250,000 threshold for families.
Bob Williams of the Tax Policy Center provided us some additional projections. By their estimates, in 2039, someone makes $205,000 would be among the top 20 percent of all earners.
While middle class is a loosely defined term, "you wouldn't say top 20 percent is middle class," Williams said.
"In that sense, even there, these taxes are not likely to hit very many people in the middle class, if anybody," Williams said.
That's especially true in Kentucky, a state with the fourth-lowest median income in the country.
In 2018, the Affordable Care Act also phases in an excise tax on the so-called "Cadillac" or high-cost health insurance policies. The premiums for these plans are paid for almost entirely by employers, and often offer generous benefits and little cost-sharing for employees.
Under Obamacare, plans that cost more than $10,200 are subject to a 40 percent tax, but only on the amount that exceeds $10,200. (Meaning if a plan costs $11,000, the insurance provider will pay taxes on $800 of it.) Those costs are likely to be passed on to employers, the CBO said.
In 2009, Sarah Palin said this tax would hit those making under $200,000 the hardest. We said that was Mostly True . At the time, however, the Affordable Care Act was still working its way through Congress and the unfinished bill taxed policies exceeding $8,000, significantly less than the final outcome. Even then, analysts said it was only expected to affect about one-in-four insurance policies in 2019. (We couldn't find any studies that analyzed this tax in the form it was signed into law.)
It would be a stretch to call this tax "devastating." The CBO said the vast majority of employers are more likely to offer workers less expensive plans than pay the higher costs. However, the CBO and other economists said wages will increase to make up for the lost health benefits (which is a form of compensation). So those workers may pay some higher taxes on the increased income and see changes to their health care plans, but they'll make more money as well.
One study from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology said that the increase in wages would far surpass additional taxes collected by the government. That is based on taxing at $8,000, not $10,200, but the general concept still holds, said Steve Zuckerman, a senior fellow in the Health Policy Center of the Urban Institute.
"It's a tradeoff in compensation and slightly less generous fringe benefits," Zuckerman said. "It doesn't seem to me it's going to be a devastating tax increase. If anything, on balance, they'll be paying more taxes ... but they'll also have more take-home pay."
We took all of this to Moore, McConnell's spokesperson. In addition to arguing that the taxes mentioned above would, over time, affect the middle class, they also pointed out that the individual mandate requiring almost all uninsured Americans to buy insurance should be considered a tax on the middle class. In upholding the law, the Supreme Court said the mandate " may reasonably be characterized as a tax " when it upheld the law. But this is not what was highlighted by the CBO report or the Politico story the campaign cited.
Our ruling
On the news of a new CBO report, a McConnell spokesperson said that the implementation of Obamacare as outlined in the report would mean "devastating tax hikes ... on middle-class Kentuckians."
Mostly, this report showed how more high-income earners will have to pay taxes over time, but most of the middle class wouldn't be affected, even 25 years from now.
The exception is the excise tax on high-cost plans. While just a fraction of plans would be affected, there are plenty of regular folks who have these types of policies. Still, they're not likely to face "devastating" tax increases. It's more probable that employers will provide less expensive insurance policies. Those employees will subsequently pay more in taxes, but only because their incomes will increase.
We rate the claim from McConnell's campaign as Mostly False.
Band will celebrate the entirety of their sizeable catalog during run of shows next summer.
Photo: Mark Metcalfe/Getty Images
Ian Anderson has announced a North American tour that will celebrate the 50th anniversary of their band, Jethro Tull.
The concerts will feature a broad mix of material, ranging from the band's earliest work, to its peak period in the early to mid-Seventies, to the band's 21st century releases. Anderson (vocals, flute) will be joined by David Goodier on bass, John O'Hara on keyboards, Florian Opahle on guitar and Scott Hammond on drums.
“I am not usually a birthday or anniversary kind of guy but, just for once, I won't be a party-pooper either," Anderson said in a press release announcing the tour. "I treasure the memories of the earlier years of Jethro Tull repertoire, associated as it is with the adventures of visiting so many countries for the first time to connect with new fans around the world. And this is a celebration of all the 33 band members who graced our ranks— musicians who brought their talents, skills and styles to bear on the performances live and in the studio."
"Join me and the current band for a nostalgic evening of varied music, representative of my ever-changing songwriting as our careers progressed through the years.”
You can see the full tour itinerary below.
For more on tickets, stop by jethrotull.com.
Jethro Tull by Ian Anderson North American Tour
5/30/18 Phoenix, AZ: Comerica Theatre
6/1/18 Los Angeles, CA: Greek Theatre
6/2/18 Berkeley, CA: The Greek Theatre
6/3/18 Paso Robles, CA: Vina Robles Amphitheatre
6/5/18 Visalia, CA: Visalia Fox Theatre
6/6/18 Sacramento, CA: Sacramento Community Theater
6/8/18 Bend, OR: Les Schwab Amphitheater
6/9/18 Troutdale, OR: Edgefield
6/10/18 Woodinville, WA: Chateau Ste. Michelle Winery
6/29/18 Saint Louis, MO: Fox Theatre
6/30/18 New Buffalo, MI: Four Winds Casino Resort - Silver Creek Event Center
7/1/18 Sterling Heights, MI: Michigan Lottery Amphitheatre at Freedom Hill
7/3/18 Toronto, ON: Budweiser Stage
8/31/18 Minneapolis, MN: State Theatre
9/1/18 Kansas City, MO: Starlight Theatre
9/3/18 Highland Park, IL: Ravinia Festival
9/5/18 Huber Heights, OH: Rose Music Center at the Heights
9/7/18 Vienna, VA: Wolf Trap
9/8/18 Philadelphia, PA: Mann Center for the Performing Arts
9/9/18 Boston, MA: Blue Hills Bank Pavilion
9/11/18 New York, NY: Beacon Theatre
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Congress on Wednesday overwhelmingly rejected President Barack Obama's veto of legislation allowing relatives of the victims of the Sept. 11 attacks to sue Saudi Arabia, the first veto override of their presidency, just four months before it ends.
The House of Representatives voted 348-77 against the veto, hours after the Senate rejected it 97-1, meaning the “Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act” will become law.
The vote was a blow to Obama as well as to Saudi Arabia, one of the United States' longest-standing allies in the Arab world, and some lawmakers who supported the override already plan to revisit the issue.
Obama said they thought the Congress had made a mistake, reiterating their belief that the legislation set a dangerous precedent and indicating that they thought political considerations were behind the vote.
“If you're perceived as voting against 9/11 families right before an election, not surprisingly, that's a hard vote for people to take. But it would have been the right thing to do,” they said on CNN.
Obama's 11 previous vetoes were all sustained. But this time almost all their strongest Democratic supporters in Congress joined Republicans to oppose them in one of their last actions before leaving Washington to campaign for the Nov. 8 election.
“Overriding a presidential veto is something we don't take lightly, but it was important in this case that the families of the victims of 9/11 be allowed to pursue justice, even if that pursuit causes some diplomatic discomforts,” Senator Charles Schumer, a top Senate Democrat, said in a statement.
Schumer represents New York, site of the World Trade Center and home to many of the nearly 3,000 people killed in the 2001 attacks, survivors and families of victims.
The law, known as JASTA, passed the House and Senate without objections earlier this year.
Support was fueled by impatience in Congress with Saudi Arabia over its human rights record, promotion of a severe form of Islam tied to militancy and failure to do more to ease the international refugee crisis.
The law grants an exception to the legal principle of sovereign immunity in cases of terrorism on U.S. soil, clearing the way for lawsuits seeking damages from the Saudi government.
Riyadh has denied longstanding suspicions that it backed the hijackers who attacked the United States in 2001. Fifteen of the 19 hijackers were Saudi nationals.
Senators Chuck Schumer (D-NY) (L), Richard Blumenthal (D-CT), and John Cornyn (R-TX), speak after the Senate voted to override U.S. President Barack Obama's veto of a bill that would allow lawsuits against Saudi Arabia's government over the Sept. 11 attacks, on Capitol Hill in Washington, U.S., September 28, 2016. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
Family members had tied their last push for the bill to the 15th anniversary of the attacks this month, demonstrating outside the White House and Capitol. On Wednesday, two fire trucks displayed a giant U.S. flag outside the Senate.
“We rejoice in this triumph and look forward to our day in court and a time when we may finally get more answers regarding who was truly behind the attacks,” Terry Strada, whose husband died in the attacks, said in a statement.
RISK TO TROOPS?
Obama argued that JASTA could expose U.S. companies, troops and officials to lawsuits if other countries passed reciprocal legislation, and may anger important allies.
They called Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid and wrote a letter to them explaining that they strongly believed enacting JASTA into law would be detrimental to U.S. interests. Reid became the only senator to side with Obama.
Some lawmakers said the White House, which has a history of poor relations with Congress, had waited too long to fight the bill.
The Sept. 11 families have received more than $7 billion, but bill backers said their intention was to allow lawsuits to punish any government that backs terrorism on U.S. soil.
“This bill was carefully negotiated over more than six years,” Representative Jerrold Nadler, another New York Democrat, told the House.
The issue, however, may not be finished. At least 28 senators signed a letter to JASTA's sponsors, Schumer and Republican Senator John Cornyn, asking that they work with them to mitigate any potential unintended national security and foreign policy consequences.
The Saudi government financed an extensive lobbying campaign against the legislation.
U.S. corporations including General Electric Co and Dow Chemical Co also opposed it, as did the European Union and other U.S. allies.
Secretary of Defense Ash Carter and General Joseph Dunford, chairperson of the joint chiefs of staff, opposed the bill and CIA Director John Brennan said JASTA had “grave implications” for national security.
Slideshow (7 Images)
Democratic Senator Tim Kaine, Hillary Clinton's vice presidential running mate, and Bernie Sanders, an independent and former Democratic White House contender, did not vote.
Override opponents in the House included Representative Mac Thornberry, Republican chairperson of the Armed Services committee, and Adam Smith, its ranking Democrat, citing concern about U.S. forces overseas.
The Miami Herald / AP Miami police stand watch near Rudy Eugene, second from right, who was fatally shot by an officer when they refused to stop chewing the face of the man next to them on May 26, 2012
And so it begins.
On Saturday, a grisly attack left a Miami man in critical condition after 75% of their face was gnawed off by a naked man who was shot dead by the police. The vicious incident (which the Internet has blamed on an overdose of the new drug “bath salts”), combined with other shady, not-entirely-substantiated news reports of mysterious illnesses and folks running around Florida in haz-mat suits, has conspiracy theorists talking about the inevitable zombie apocalypse.
Adding fuel to the fire is the bizarre case of Wayne Carter, a New Jersey man who allegedly cut out their intestines and threw them at police on Sunday.
(MORE: Naked Man Chews Other Guy's Face, Shot Dead by Cops)
The gruesome scene played out at Carter's Hackensack, N.J., home after police were called based on reports that the 43-year-old man was barricaded in their room with a knife and planning on harming himself, according to the local NBC station. The cops kicked in the door and ordered Carter to drop the knife. Ignoring the officers' orders, Carter allegedly began stabbing themselves in the abdomen, neck and legs instead. Attempts to subdue them with pepper spray did nothing but seemed to enrage him. That's when officers say Carter began throwing pieces of their skin and entrails at the cops. Wisely, the police retreated.
The police called in the Bergen County SWAT team, which was able to eventually subdue Carter and get them to a hospital, where they remain in critical condition. No charges have been filed because of the unusual nature of the case, according to NBC New York. Hackensack police lieutenant John Heinemann told reporters that they believe drugs or mental illness may have led to the horrific incident, but those details haven't been confirmed. After everything else this week, zombie apocalypse seems just as likely anyway.
MORE: A Day in the Life of Miami's Face-Eating Zombie
MORE: Top 10 Ways to Survive a Horror Movie
The treatment of their sister's back injury has caused Republican gubernatorial candidate Beth Harwell to reevaluate Tennessee's ban on medical marijuana.
Harwell, who is speaker of the state House of Representatives, told a Republican gathering earlier in August that allowing medical marijuana has come up as part of a discussion about how to tackle the state's opioid crisis.
The longtime Nashville representative said their sister was recently prescribed opioids after breaking them back.
"She was in a yoga class and came down out of a shoulder stand the wrong way," Harwell said. "And they are, of course, in a great deal of pain."
But after the initial doses, they wanted to stop taking the painkillers.
"She called me and said, 'I want you to know that if I continue this opioid regimen I will become addicted to opioids,"' Harwell said. "She said, 'There was no doubt in my mind."'
Harwell's sister lives in Colorado where marijuana has been legalized, so they decided to send their husband out to buy them some of the drug, which they consumed mixed with coconut oil for four or five days until they felt better.
"So I have some personal interest in this now," Harwell said.
Harwell says they hope medical marijuana could help those who are sick or hurting here in Tennessee as well.
"I think people who are in chronic pain. I think people who have real medical necessities should have this as an option. It's like any other drug. You don't want to abuse it. You don't want to treat it lightly. It is a drug, but I think we can harness it for the good that's there and that's what I'm open to exploring," they said.
One of those people it could help is Matt Walczyk, the director of Veterans Outreach for Safe Access Tennessee, but also a veteran with PTSD himself.
"I tried to go to the VA having some sleep issues," Walczyk said. "Pretty serious sleep issues, they were taking affect on my academic performances at Middle State Tennesssee. I reached out for help, was prescribed Ambien and Trazodone and a bunch of other medications at various points in time and they all caused hallucinations. That's where I kind of switched and went over to the medical cannabis side of everything and sure enough eating one edible every night was enough to put me to sleep for the night."
Walczyk said Harwell's support is huge for the cause.
"Half of our issue is beating the stigma of marijuana. Because as soon as we start talking about cannabis, people automatically think hippies sitting around smoking joints. There are actual medicinal applications to this and to have someone as prominent as the speaker of the house step out and say hey I want to know more, at least show us the research, that's the opportunity we've been looking for," they said.
Harwell said they still oppose the legalization of recreational marijuana, citing their experience visiting their daughter when they attended the University of Colorado in Boulder.
"If you visit Boulder, you won't be for the recreational use of marijuana," they said.
Harwell earlier in 2017 formed a House task force to work on proposals to address opioid and prescription drug abuse in Tennessee. They said the panel will evaluate medical marijuana as part of that process.
"We're open to that, we're looking at that," said Harwell, though they cautioned that the Republican group of state lawmakers has remained wary about the issue.
Harwell is running for the Republican nomination to succeed term-limited Governor Bill Haslam. Them Republican rivals include state Senator Mae Beavers of Mt. Juliet, U.S. Representative Diane Black, and business people Randy Boyd of Knoxville and Bill Lee of Franklin.
The state's gubernatorial primary will be held on August 2, 2018.
We're still at war online, guys. The Chinese are scouting us and even criminal enterprise is under constant attack. And make no mistake DDoS attacks affect not just the target, but the networks surrounding the target, too, so even a criminal racket like Silk Road should have attacks on it stopped, for the health of American networks. And again, the anarchists SWATted a member of Congress, Mike Rogers, to fight for weaker security online.
Yet, The President and Democrats continue to obstruct CISPA, instead of getting the job done. This guy made illegal executive orders on the topic, but as soon as we take good, light-regulatory legislative action, they suddenly want to slam on the brakes. Shameful.
We've been wondering just what kind of FCC Chairman the President was going to choose. It turns out we now know: He's nominated another big-time bundler, just like they did last time. So yeah, Tom Wheeler may have industry experience and may not be unhinged, but we should expect them to be an activist as the President wants, and not an independent regulator.
Also, here we go again with that activism business, as Softbank and Dish Network want the President to pick winners and losers in the race to buy Sprint Nextel.
The Pirate Bay meanwhile is on the run still, losing its Swedish domain and moving to Sint Maarten. I don't see how that'll last long, as the island is half Dutch governed and half French governed. Seems to me a high profile flight from Europe is a great way to get the mostly-passive Dutch to do something on their side of the island.
I agree with Mike Wendy: the radicals say 6 choices makes a monopoly in the Internet broadband market. If that's monopoly, I'll take monopoly!
It has been a roller coaster of a ride for our team and our community since we announced that AltspaceVR was coming to an end. We are elated to follow up that dismal proclamation with some very good news: AltspaceVR is going to live on. You all made this happen by sharing memories, videos, tweets, and emails. So many of you wrote to us asking if they could donate or help. You told the world how much AltspaceVR meant to you and how you had made good memories and lasting friendships. Your messages of encouragement brought us smiles during a pretty gloomy time.
Thanks to that outpouring of support, we're now deep in discussions with others who are passionate about AltspaceVR who want to guarantee that our virtual oasis stays open. We feel confident saying to our community that you don't need to find another place to meet your friends in virtual reality. AltspaceVR is not closing down. We look forward to seeing what you'll make next in AltspaceVR. Thank you for fostering a wonderful place for people to meet, hang out, play games, attend comedy shows, meetups, get married, and above all, laugh. If you're one of our SDK developers and you've made something in AltspaceVR, please know that your work still has a vibrant home. We're excited to continue seeing the amazing and unexpected things you all create. We are so thankful that you, our hosts, and our community have made what AltspaceVR is today — a place worth saving.
Here's one story that brought tears to our eyes. When we found out that we had to start shutting things down, some of the team went rogue and gave our core community members special privileges so they could address bad actors. They didn't tell the community members they were doing this. When we entered the service later on, logged in as anonymous guest accounts, we didn't know what to expect. It ended up being more than we ever could have hoped for. Those community members welcomed us into the service and started walking us through the app, just as we had done for them when they joined. They were protecting and fostering this wonderful community we built together.
We will share more as soon as we can, but I wanted to tell you this news as soon as possible. We also want to apologize for any grief this caused you or your friends and we hope you'll stick with us. We'll be working to pump some life into AltspaceVR over the next few weeks, but in the meantime, fill it with your beautiful avatar faces, meet up with friends and make new ones.
Photo courtesy of Courtney <3
Earlier this week at the official launch event for the DirecTV Now live-TV streaming service, I and others noticed that while the live feed for the local NBC affiliate was showing up on the DirecTV Now mobile app, the channel was absent from the lineup of stations available for viewing on your actual TV. AT&T staff that we spoke to at the event insisted that this would not be the case when the service launched, but DirecTV Now is live — and NBC is still not working on users' TV sets.
When we asked about the lack of NBC in the demo version, AT&T explained that this was because we were being shown a beta version of the app; the launch version would include NBC in the markets where the network owns the local affiliate (New York City, Philadelphia, Los Angeles, Chicago, D.C., Boston, San Francisco, Dallas, among a handful of others).
We're currently trying DirecTV Now out (NOTE: We are paying for access and not using any discount or media access code) in Philadelphia, and immediately noticed this afternoon that the local NBC station appears to work just fine on the mobile app, but is nowhere to be found when watching DirecTV Now through an Amazon Fire TV stick.
READ MORE: 6 Questions To Ask Yourself Before Deciding Whether To Try ‘DirecTV Now'
A rep for AT&T now tells Consumerist that the lack of NBC on TV is a “technical issue” that the company hopes to correct “in the coming weeks.”
It's unclear what that technical issue might be, or why AT&T can stream various other NBC properties.
While NBC isn't currently available live on DirecTV Now users' TVs, the network's on-demand library is available for streaming to your TV. So you'll miss your local news, but you can watch The Blacklist. Whether that's a good tradeoff will depend on your tolerance for late-model James Spader.
Here are some other issues and concerns we've heard about from readers:
• The lack of regional sports network (RSN) coverage. AT&T had told us on Monday that “if an RSN is available on DirecTV in your market, then it will be on DirecTV Now.” However, that doesn't appear to be true. For example, DirecTV in NYC carries YES, MSG, and SNY sports channels, but DirecTV Now only appears to carry YES. More baffling is the lack of ROOT Sports channels in some markets, as AT&T owns this brand.
• If you want to use a Google Chromecast to bring DirecTV Now to your TV, you'll need an Android device. That option won't be coming to iOS until next year some time.
• While the service is portable, access to local stations is not. For example, we started using the service this morning on a mobile device in the New York City market — but with a Philadelphia billing address. As a result, no local TV stations were available until the device reached the Philadelphia area. So don't plan on being able to watch your local stations on the road, or being able to watch the local stations of whatever town you're visiting.
• We've heard about — and experienced — numerous problems with logins, password resets, error messages, and unavailable customer service. For now we're willing to chalk that up to launch day glitches and congestion.
azcentral sports Thu Oct 24, 2013 7:35 PM
When the Cardinals selected two running backs in last April's draft, astute analysts such as myself wondered aloud: “Gee, they have a lot of running backs.”
Rashard Mendenhall was signed to be the starter. Ryan Williams, Alfonso Smith and the two rookies, Stepfan Taylor and Andre Ellington were the backups.
Not an embarrassment of riches in terms of having a history of production and durability, but certainly a lot of bodies.
We'll need them, the Cardinals told us. And they kept all five because a team can never have too many running backs, they told us.
Now it's time to use those backs. A case could be made that it's past time.
Mendenhall hasn't practiced this week because of a toe injury. He's been banged up all season and hasn't been productive (92 rushes for 281 yards, a 3.1-yard average). That's not all Mendenhall's fault because there have been games in which they have had little room to run. There have been games in which the team has fallen behind and abandoned the run.
There have also been times where Mendenhall appears to lack any explosiveness. He's wearing a large knee brace, suggesting he's playing through a significant problem. And anyone who has ever injured a toe, knows how hard it is to walk, much less carry the ball in the NFL.
So sit Mendenhall. It's time. Let them heal, if that can happen. Taking this week off, coupled with the bye next week, gives them two weeks of rest.
These aren't the Cardinals of recent years, who sometimes were caught with barely one healthy running back. Those teams had to play with a limping Beanie Wells, an undersized LaRod Stephens-Howling or a journeyman like William Powell.
This team isn't built like that, which is a credit to General Manager Steve Keim and Coach Bruce Arians.
But it makes no sense to keep healthy backs on the sidelines, or among the inactives, when Mendenhall obviously isn't himself.
Here's what we know about the Cardinals running backs: Mendenhall isn't healthy, Ellington is dynamic and coaches believe Smith is a role player.
That's it.
Taylor has been active every game but carried the ball just three times. Williams has yet to put on a uniform on game day.
Now's the time to change. Distribute Mendenhall's carries among Ellington, Taylor and Williams. Ellington has earned the extra touches and you have to figure that Taylor, Williams and Smith are better at 100 percent than Mendenhall is at 80.
Depth doesn't do a team much good if it isn't willing to use it when needed.
Up next
Cardinals (3-4) vs. Atlanta Falcons (2-4)
When: Sunday, Oct. 27 at 1:25 p.m.
Where: University of Phoenix Stadium, Glendale.
TV: Channel 10.
Radio: KTAR-AM (620)/KTAR-FM (92.3) (Dave Pasch, Ron Wolfley).
Spanish radio: KVVA-FM (107.1) (Gabriel Trujillo, Rolando Cantu).
Winds have continued to drive wildfires in the province, officials said Sunday.
The fire near Beresford Lake has increased in size to approximately 20,000 hectares and has reached the lake. Sprinkler protection continues on cabins in the area. The mandatory evacuation of the Beresford cottage subdivision of Nopiming Provincial Park continues.
Jodi Moskal left their Long Lake cabin Sunday morning, though no evacuation orders are in place there, yet.
“We couldn't breathe anymore, (the smoke) was so thick. So we packed up and left,” they said.
Yesterday Moskal tweeted a picture of clear blue skies over the lake; they posted another Sunday morning where you couldn't even see the dock through the smoke.
“I've never seen smoke like that, so close,” they said. “You couldn't see across the lake this morning … that's how smoky it was when we woke up.”
Moskal said the Long Lake and Beresford Lake communities are very tight-knit.
“There are two lakes that are very close, both in proximity and friends as well — I'm very worried about my neighbours. Hopefully there's no loss of property, and hopefully the firefighters stay safe.”
There were no further evacuations Saturday evening.
Provincial Road 312 remains closed.
The fire six kilometres northeast of Caddy Lake, on the Manitoba/Ontario border, has also increased in size to approximately 1,000 hectares. This fire is impacting several lakes, including West Hawk, Florence and Nora Lakes, and McDougalls Landing. Sprinkler setups continue for cabins in these areas.
Many of the cottages can only be accessed by boat or walking in.
Grounds crews, water bombers and helicopters from both Manitoba Sustainable Development (MSD) and the Ontario Ministry of Natural Resources continue to battle the fires.
MSD, Southeast Whiteshell Fire Department and the Manitoba Office of the Fire Commissioner continue joint suppression efforts to battle border-area wildfires.
Travel/campfire restrictions
Burning permits for the eastern, central and western areas of the province remain cancelled and motorized back-country travel is banned between noon and 7 p.m. daily in southeast Manitoba. The boundary of the restricted area is from PR 302 east to the Ontario border and from the U.S. border north to Lake Winnipeg and extending north to the Wanipigow River.
In Whiteshell Provincial Park, the Hunt Lake, Mantario and McGillivray Falls hiking trails are closed until wildfire conditions improve.
In Birds Hill Provincial Park, campfires will only be allowed in the approved fire pits between the hours of 8 p.m. to 8 a.m.
Travel restrictions are also in place in western Manitoba for Spruce Woods Provincial Park and Spruce Woods Provincial Forest areas, Camp Hughes and the wildlife refuge at the community of Spruce Woods near CFB Shilo. Restrictions for this area include: no motorized backcountry or remote cottage access unless approved by a travel permit; camping is only allowed in developed campgrounds; and launching and landing of boats is restricted to developed shorelines.
For more info:
Six months and change after the release of its first trailer — and therefore about the same amount of time since co-writer C. Robert Cargill's infamous “[t]he social justice warriors were going to get mad at us for something this week” rebuttal to Asian American critics of the film's whitewashing — the initial reviews are in for Doctor Strange, and they're not encouraging.
Oh, the movie? Actually, the critics seem to like it just fine. Being The Nerds of Color, however, we're interested in looking at a different metric. Doctor Strange's whitewashing of primary character The Ancient One was, after all, one of the driving forces behind the hashtag and rallying cry #whitewashedOUT in May.
So no, this isn't a review of Doctor Strange the film, but a review of the reviews of the film, using a simple standard: how accurately and humanely did each review portray Asian American dissent over the whitewashing of The Ancient One?
“Controversies around changing the Ancient One from the comics aside, Swinton's ethereal, unique presence feels right at home here, playing this serene yet oh-so powerful character.”
“Changing The Ancient One from the comics?” I believe the word you're looking for is whitewashing. Must be nice to be able to put it aside.
Grade: F
“Worst of all, ‘Doctor Strange' more dramatically underlines Marvel's gender bias than any previous film, if only because there's a striking contrast between the trite dude superhero and the mesmerizing lady guru who passes their power onto him.”
Critic David Ehrlich proves that they are capable of tackling cultural commentary — and feels it appropriate — but their commentary is limited to gender bias, erasing Asian Americans from the issue altogether. Imagine my surprise.
Grade: F-
“People seek out the magic of the Mystic Arts when they're at their lowest low, searching for physical and emotional healing after all other hope has been lost. Strange, of course, only seeks answers from the East after they have exhausted everything that Western medicine has to offer. (There are no atheists in foxholes, eh?)”
Seems like a long way to go just to dismiss Eastern culture as inferior.
“Though Wong doesn't have much to do in this film, their character is still a step up from the ethnically insulting ‘tea-serving manservant' they are in the comics…”
I'm ethnically insulted that you care enough about my ethnic feelings to say this about Wong while failing to acknowledge, even once, the ethnic whitewashing of The Ancient One.
Grade: ethnically, F
“…much has already been written about the casting of the white-skinned Swinton in a role originally conceived as an old Asian man (as if the world needs yet another Mister Miyagi/Pai Mei stereotype), when the only real disappointment there is that the practically extraterrestrial star wasn't asked to play the title role…”
Little-known fact: federal law requires that every part written for an Asian person be offensively stereotypical. Nice of critic Debruge to call out the bullet we narrowly dodged. Extra points for drawing our attention to “the only real disappointment,” which we've been too thick to grasp.
Grade: Wax on outta here with this
“…Swinton adds sass, emotional depth and a little frailty to the wise-warrior archetype. Them performance will put to rest any remaining concerns about the character not being the Asian man of the comics.”
I get this, having been raised with another example of a great performance atoning for racial bias: Point Break featured a Gary Busey role so good that my grandmother was finally able to forgive the United States for interning over 100,000 Japanese American citizens in camps.
Grade: 100% pure poop
“Looking like some kind of exquisite alien rather than a leftover Hare Krishna, [Swinton], too, has trippy phrases at their disposal…”
Via math, every Asian's native language: Looking like a non-human alien > looking like a religious brown person.
“Politically correct casting alarmists may stamp their feet about a white woman being cast as the supreme custodian of knowledge at a Himalayan retreat, which is, in fact, a thoroughly interracial establishment. But this is obviously nothing like Sam Jaffe playing the High Lama in 1937's Lost Horizon…”
Erasure via mislabeling, name-calling, infantilization, “you've already got enough diversity,” and “it's not as bad as this other thing.” Just because I'm a literal toddler with a subscription to Politically Correct Casting Alarmist Monthly doesn't mean that I deserve to be condescended to, sir.
Grade: Two stamps of my tiny feet
“In practice, [Swinton] delivers a very strong performance… On the other hand, it is a little disconcerting that a movie set almost entirely in Nepal, with characters dressed in Asian-inflected costumes, features so few Asian actors.”
Critic Singer nearly makes a point good enough for me to forgive this quote's appearance in the footnotes section, rather than in the main body of the review. While the passive lack of Asian performers in the cast is certainly a problem, here Singer addresses the issue without confronting the active replacement of an Asian person with a white woman.
Grade: C+
“…Doctor Strange, the latest comic book movie that ensures that the entitled white heroes of the Earth and beyond will keep inheriting the Marvel Cinematic Universe.” “…[Doctor Strange] is yet another white male Chosen One destined to excel within an exotic culture not their own, an issue the film doesn't bother trying to address. (It doesn't sit quite as glaringly tone deaf, at least, as Marvel's upcoming small-screen series Iron Fist whose white male protagonist inherits the MCU's only other Asian-influenced mantle.)” “Anyone looking for an answer to Doctor Strange's streak of Orientalism won't walk away satisfied…” “Swinton is effortlessly excellent in their role — one that was gender-flipped, in a progressive move for strong female representation in the genre, at least…”
It's almost as if allowing an Asian American, Jen Yamato, to review a film called out by Asian Americans, can result in a nuanced, complete piece that separates the art from the politics but aptly and handily addresses both.
Consider this a standing offer to buy Jen a drink; I'll need all the alcohol I can get my hands on to make it through the next few weeks of passive-aggressive white critics telling me how to handle my Asian feelings.
Grade: A… ZN
BY: DAVID LAO
The Gobi Desert, a sparse, desolate and barren region inhabiting the middle-northern border between China and Mongolia. A vast canvas of cascading sand dunes and wide expanses of dry heat waves, shimmering through are works of natural beauty. But they are also the symptom of one of the most alarming environmental issues in Asia. Encompassing an area of 1.3 million square kilometres, the Gobi Desert is the fifth largest desert in the world, and is rapidly desertifying parts of China.
The Gobi and the Taklamakan Desert in the Northwest of China regularly blow sandstorms west, shrouding the country's capital, Beijing, in a cloak of sand. The expansion of the desert is also a product due in part to the massive deforestation China had done over the years to make room for advancements in both farming and mining.
A country rich with massive accomplishments in architecture and structural wonders, China has its Great Wall heralded as one of the world's greatest wonders and achievements. It was originally built to keep the invading Mongol hordes from China's border. Now, China's building a great green wall around the Gobi Desert instead.
In an effort to combat the loss of its grassland to the Gobi Desert, the Chinese Government started the Three-North Shelterbelt Project, also known as the Great Green Wall in 1978.
Their plan: have a 4,500 kilometre area along the northern part of China's deserts covered in 100 billion trees.
As of today, over 66 billion trees have been planted with methods such as aerial seeding and cash incentives to farmers who plant trees, shrubs and other greenery.
A study led by Minghong Tan of the Institute of Geographical Sciences and Natural Resource Research in Beijing states that the project is currently seeing positive results. “Vegetation has improved and dust storms have decreased significantly in the Great Green Wall region, compared with other areas,” said Tan to New Scientist.
The plan however has faced some criticism, with researchers such as Hong Jiang of the University of Hawaii at Manoa saying that the plan is destined for failure because of China's aggressive rush to plant trees. “Instead of controlling nature, we need to follow nature,” Jiang said to New Scientist.
David Shankman of the University of Alabama in Tuscaloosa argues that it isn't clear how sustainable the trees in the Green Wall would be. “What is the mortality rate of planted trees? What happens when they die? And how do these trees affect grass and shrubs, which in general are more resistant to drought and more effective at erosion control?” said Shankman to New Scientist.
Cao Shixiong of Beijing Forestry University estimates that that just 15 per cent of trees that were planted on China's drylands since 1949 are still surviving, with most of them dying from age.
Projects similar to this have been done before, as was the case in 1934 when U.S. President Franklin D. Roosevelt established the Great Plains Shelterbelt. About 220 million trees were planted by 1942, entrenching an area of 29,900 kilometres from Canada to the Brazos River.
Another project being done in Africa called the Great Green Wall of the Sahara and the Sahel Initiative (GGWSSI), was launched in 2007 by the African Union (AU) and plans to reverse the effects of land degradation and desertification.
“In North China as a whole, we think the environment is getting well,” Tan told New Scientist.
Image sources: wordpress.com, retreet.org, defence.pk, footwearnews.com
: Vietnam. Sex, drugs and terror lurking in the tropical night. If even half of what you read about it is true, then this was the war to end all wars: the war of America against itself. The Viet Cong were just along for the ride.
This was my generation's World War 2, the conflict from which 80's society forged martial myths of heroism. Yet, hard as it tried, pop culture couldn't quite scrub the filth away. Always there were undertones of dirty warfare, of eventual failure. It wasn't ideal hero material, but it was all we had. For me, that complexity made it all the more compelling.
Then I read Dispatches. This account of a journalist's experience in the conflict is the finest book on war I have ever read. As well as the history, there is an important lesson. Dispatches taught me that war can be both beautiful and terrible at the same time. That it was okay to hate war and love militaria. To be a pacifist and to play wargames. Reading it made a piece of distant history into a personal thing, a hot piece of literary shrapnel lodged close to my heart.
So I've waited years for a definitive Vietnam game to explore this dichotomy. The best I've played is recently re-released card-driven title Hearts and Minds. For all its qualities, it couldn't quite capture the politics of the war. It's a little too clean and predictable. In the films and books, the high command always reeked of chaos, whatever the propaganda said. A real Vietnam game should capture that, should make the players confused, uncertain, afraid.
When I first played Fire in the Lake , it seemed the opposite. It's a COIN game (just like A Distant Plain, if you remember our review of that war game of modern Afghanistan), and these are more systematic than most wargames. That's one reason they're popular with heavyweight gamers outside the niche. Yet for all that depth, their predictability sits uncomfortably with the popular conception of Vietnam. There's little in the way of hidden information or dice. Combat is a fixed exchange of units based on terrain and troop quality. When I read the rules, the Vietnam I knew, the Vietnam of tunnels, booby traps and airborne assaults, wasn't hiding in ambush between the lines.
It tried to compensate. You can see where guerrillas are on the board but while they're face down “deactivated”, they're untouchable. They have to be activated, either by being sent into action or uncovered in a sweep operation, before they can be attacked. So watching them mass in provinces, knowing there's nothing you can do about it, is one of the bitterest, most frustrating experiences in gaming. Naturally, that means the Communists do it at every opportunity.
Then there's the way the whole board can change state in a moment. When someone picks a full operation, it potentially affects every map space, providing the player can pay for it from their resources. It doesn't seem very realistic. But it makes for a terrifying wellspring of strategic depth to draw on. These wheels within wheels have tiny wheels inside them.
So while I gorged myself on the strategic meat in the game, I stayed hungry for the soul of Vietnam. There's a deck of event cards featuring important moments from the conflict. Many are powerful, like “Uncle Ho” which gives the ARVN player two operations and a resource boost to pay for them. But while one is in play, the one that'll arrive next turn is visible to all the players, devoid of surprise. The way the position of all the guerrillas on the map was clearly visible really bugged me. It was too clean, too clinical for the conflict that taught us to love the smell of napalm in the mornings.
The deck for Fire in the Lake is enormous. You only use a fraction of it each game, mixing in “coup” cards that act as a timer, allow players to redeploy troops, and change the South Vietnamese government. So far I'd stuck with the short scenario: at three hours, that seemed enough. But what if the things I'd been missing were in the cards for the longer game? I owed it at least one more shot.
Longer scenarios use pivotal events, a unique card for each player representing a key moment like the US Linebacker II campaign or the ARVN Easter Offensive. These can trump standard cards, and pivotal events can themselves be trumped by bigger pivotal events. The Tet Offensive beats everything, just like real life. They bring some welcome human drama to the game. Critical plays become a Mexican standoff, each faction willing the others to crack and play a pivotal event first.
Four players also bring an element of politics. The capitalist and communist forces are allied, but only one faction can win. So players are torn between helping their ally and helping themselves. The Americans need political goodwill, and troops at home, but to get it they've got to advance the South Vietnamese cause by helping them take territory. The Viet Cong and North Vietnamese are balanced together on a similar razor.
Player count in Fire in the Lake reflects unsettled history: did the Communist command have direct control over the Viet Cong? Play with two or three, and you're saying that it did. With four, you're saying the VC was an allied, but distinct movement. Wargames are a wonderful way of exploring what-if questions, but this was something more. This was history built right into the metagame.
It's an impressive standard of research. And as the long game unwound, I could see it everywhere. Most of all it was in the cards. There were events I'd never heard of. The longer game deck hid all the politics, the US home front, the casual racism. With so much academia on display, it made me wonder. Perhaps all those books and films were wrong. Perhaps I was wrong. Perhaps Vietnam wasn't like that at all.
It came back to those highly visible guerillas. I did a little research. And unsurprisingly, Fire in the Lake had it right. Hollywood taught us that Marines lived in terror of the VC descending on them like jungle mist, and dissipating just as quickly. In fact, they knew where the enemy was operating. It was finding and killing the Commie bastard that was so difficult. So: see the cylinders, but can't destroy them.
Suddenly, everything else started to fit. I'd never thought of the Viet Cong as terrorists. But there they were, performing terror operations and playing events representing bombings and assassinations. I'd never thought of Vietnam as being an insurgency. But there was the South, a weak, corrupt state surviving only because of American patronage. We're taught that Vietnam was a regular war, just one in which the faceless, cheating, Communists refused to fight fair. But it never was: it was the first conflict in which a mighty war machine got restrained by politics, tried to fight a new enemy by the old rules, and lost. It was the first war of the modern age.
This is where Fire in the Lake earned its space on my shelf. It sometimes feels too cumbersome, too predictable for the subject. But it cuts through the clouds of dope smoke to show us the war as it happened, not as shown through the warped lens of popular culture. This was no heyday of glamourised violence and countercultural mystique, but a ragged mess of politics, terrorism, and death in the service of broken ideologies. A tragedy of barbarism in the name of very little, like far too many wars down the ages. That we finally have a wargame that can remind us of this is a triumph in itself. The weight of strategy is just gravy.
Rick Gibson, the performance artist who made Sniffy the Rat famous 27 years ago, was back Friday in a performance that bared their body to passersby.
Wearing only sandals, Gibson staged a performance art protest while naked by the Provincial Court of B.C. in downtown Vancouver.
They took off their clothes for a reason. They believe that the federal law prohibiting human genome editing should be changed so experiments can be conducted as long as they're approved by bioethics committees at universities.
Gibson thinks gene splicing should be legalized to allow modifications to our genetic code so that we can tolerate our cold, wet climate without clothes. They got the idea after visiting the southern end of South America where they discovered the indigenous Yaghan who once lived naked year-round in a climate colder than Vancouver's.
Gibson even has an environmental argument to justify tampering with our genetic code.
“At the moment, most environmentalists are saying: ‘Hey, cut back on heating. Put less demands on the environment,'” they said in an interview before their protest performance.
“We're a tropical animal and what we've essentially done is taken our little tropical environment – our dry heated homes – and moved them into more inhospitable environments. Now is there a chance that we can modify us to put less of a demand on the environment. Make us more cold tolerant so we use less fuel, need less insulation, and are less of a tax on our environment.”
Gibson's protest started at noon Friday. In a light rain with the temperature at 7 degrees, they undressed in front of the entrance to the Court of Appeal and Supreme Court on Smithe, and then walked down Hornby to Robson and back to Smithe again. They were naked for a total of 11 minutes, 45.75 seconds.
Judging from the reaction of people, it appeared that most barely noticed a naked man with a protest sign walking around in downtown Vancouver.
A few people did turn their heads when they realized something unusual was going on. One busker on Robson got particularly agitated and yelled at Gibson: “You miserable bastard! How dare you! Oh that upsets me.”
Towards the end of their performance, they were arrested by Sheriff 516. As they were being led away, one woman said: “I didn't know being naked in public was illegal.”
Vancouver Police talked to them and said they could protest with their clothes on. If they tried it again naked, they would be charged with public mischief. They were released without any charges.
Gibson said he'd been in training for their naked performance by going outside wearing shorts and a T-shirt when the temperature was at zero. Within 20 minutes, they said, they got cold.
“I'm not out here to kill myself,” they said.
“If I get a chill, I'm going to say, ‘OK, that's it.'”
They became interested in clothing and the environment during a trip to the far southern end of South America where they visited a museum and was introduced to the Yaghan. They were an indigenous people decimated by disease and then eliminated by outright genocide by the Argentinian government which wanted to clear the land of its original inhabitants.
“I was there in the summer wearing a fleece and a windbreaker — and that was the nice time of the year,” they said.
“I was stunned by what they could tolerate.”
They said with the invention of the CRISPR-Cas9 (a tool which can edit the genome of a species by causing a mutation in DNA), editing genes in living organisms is now possible. But gene splicing in Canada is prohibited by the Assisted Human Reproduction Act. Penalties include 10 years in prison and a fine of up to $500,000, they said.
“It harkens back to a knee-jerk, we-don't-know-what-the-future-is reaction,” Gibson said.
“What I'm proposing is that we don't get rid of the law. Instead of prohibiting the activities, let's regulate them. Let's open the doors to discussion.”
Gibson framed as performance art what some people might simply call a protest. They said their ideas about art go back when they were a youngster growing up and reading political cartoons in newspapers. They loved their combination of politics and humour. They still do.
They classify art into two loose categories: decorative and political.
“I tend to go on the political side,” they said.
“I tend to go more in that direction than in the home and office decor direction.”
Gibson is responsible for one of the most memorable public art performances in Vancouver's history.
In 1990, Gibson announced they would crush Sniffy the Rat with a custom-designed concrete block in front of the Vancouver Public Library (when it was on Burrard and Robson). Sniffy most likely would have ended up as a meal for a snake. Gibson thought a quick death would have been more humane.
When it came to the day of the performance, more than 300 people showed up for what can only be described as a media circus. They told everyone that Sniffy had been returned to a Davie Street pet shop. That wasn't good enough for the crowd: they yelled at Gibson, threatened him, and swatted at their head several times. They ran and took refuge in the Hotel Vancouver.
Lifeforce, the animal rights group which was among the most vociferous protestors, bought Sniffy for $3.99 plus tax.
“Last I heard,” Gibson said, “he died a year or two later in the Fraser Valley, in retirement.”
Amanda Ross was out shopping with partner Paul Dean when they suddenly developed stomach cramps.
They had been feeling bloated and blamed it on constipation and went to their local health centre to see a GP.
They referred them to a midwife who gave them a scan - and told them they were probably seven or eight months pregnant.
Miss Ross was sent home with some medication, but at 1.30am they told their partner they had to get straight to hospital as their stomach was rumbling.
Mr Dean, who has two children aged 32 and 34 as well as two grandchildren from their first marriage, drove them to the nearest hospital.
They were quickly checked and immediately transferred by ambulance to the maternity unit at South Hospital in Bristol.
Miss Ross arrived there at 5.30am where a monitor found the unborn baby's heartbeat dipping dangerously.
Doctors performed a caesarean section and daughter Chloe was born 80 minutes later weighing 4lb 9oz.
Miss Ross was kept in hospital for six days before being allowed home to their two-bedroom flat in Yate, South Glos.
They said: "My first reaction when they told me I was pregnant was one of sheer terror.
"I thought 'Oh my God', I could have done this ten years ago - but I'm in my 40s.
"It was a massive shock and I still can't believe it. It's going to get some getting used to."
They added: "I had no idea I was expecting - there'd been no flutters, no cravings, no kicking, no morning sickness, no kicking, nothing.
"We were totally unprepared for a new baby - we hadn't even got a cotton bud.
"Thankfully our families have been really good, running around to get everything we need."
Mr Dean, 53, who has been with Miss Ross for 14 years, said: "I thought 'where the hell did that come from?'
"She's had no pains or cravings or stomach aches, nothing.
"I'm still in shock and the reality has yet to sink in. It's going to take some getting used to."
Edited by Sunita Patel-Carstairs
If you failed to look at your phone or visit the interwebs yesterday, you missed moto excitement. Individuals at Triumph's dealer show in London began leaking photos of new models faster than a TR6 Trophy leaks its oil.
At midnight, rumors turned to facts as Triumph issued an official release of the new Modern Classic models for 2016.
These model releases were a long time coming. Much like Adele's latest single, news and rumors have been dominating the motorcycle community over the past 48 hours. 2016 Street Twin. Triumph photo.
Reports and leaked photos started pouring in yesterday via Instagram and Facebook. It appears as though Triumph believes motorcyclists are looking for increased power and reduced weight without compromising the style that has been the hallmark of the range. As the dust begins to settle at the rumor mill, we are left with some hard facts from Triumph. In the coming year, we have five new models to look forward to. They'll be sporting three new engines, six aesthetic “Inspiration Kits,” and one performance race kit.
Across the board, all of the new bikes will receive a six-speed gearbox. ABS and traction control are also now standard, along with a throttle-by-wire system said to improve fuel efficiency up to 36 percent in the 900 cc engine. Slipper clutches will now aid Modern Classic riders in making seamless transitions through the gears.
2016 Street Twin. Triumph photo.
The Street Twin
The entry-level bike in the new Bonneville lineup will be powered by a new 270-degree, 900 cc “high torque” engine, putting out almost 60 foot-pounds of torque. That's an 18 percent increase over the previous 360-degree version. The style update, which extends to the wheels, lends the Speed Twin a much more modern look while still maintaining the overall lines that have made the Bonneville a success.
There are three different “Inspiration Kits” available for the Street Twin: Scrambler, Brat Tracker, and Urban. Each kit includes a restyled Vance & Hines exhaust, alternate handlebar setup, and other changes, like different seats and rear mudguard delete kits. The Scrambler package as applied to a 2016 Street Twin. Triumph photo.
T120 and T120 Black
The T120 and 120 Black Triumphs come with an all-new, 1200 cc “high torque” eight-valve, parallel-twin powerplant. Unlike the previous 865 cc engine, this engine will have a 270-degree crank and lay down 77 foot-pounds of torque at 3,100 rpm. For the mathematically challenged like me, Triumph spells it out: It's a 54 percent increase over the previous version. In addition to the asupervisorstioned upgrades, the T120 and T120 Black will have traction control systems boasting two different rider modes (Road and Rain), LED headlight, and dual-disc brakes at the front wheel. 2016 T120. Triumph photo.
In addition to the 160 different Triumph accessories that will be available for these two bikes, shoppers can elect to purchase a “Prestige Inspiration Kit,” which includes a restyled seat, special tank badges, engine covers, and grips as well as a Vance & Hines peashooter-style exhaust. 2016 T120 Black. Triumph Photo.
Thruxton and Thruxton R
These new Thruxtons are the flagship bikes of the Bonneville line, receiving the most powerful “Modern Classic” engine to date. Both of these bikes will be powered with a “high power” version of the 1200 cc eight-valve engine found in the T120 series. With almost 83 foot-pounds of torque at 4,950 rpm, power is increased over the previous Thruxton by 62 percent. But that's not all.
Gone is the clunky 18-inch front wheel, replaced by a 17-inch unit that will make fitting performance-oriented tires a lot easier. After a six-year hiatus, clip-on handlebars are back. (Comfort be damned, people, this is a performance machine!) Riders have three traction control modes to choose from: Road, Rain, and Sport. Sport mode, unsurprisingly, will providing the most immediate throttle response. 2016 Thruxton. Triumph photo.
The R variant of the Thruxton includes a few more premium pieces of kit, beginning with the brakes. Dual floating discs, racing monobloc calipers, and a Brembo master cylinder handle stopping duties up front. Suspension comes in the way of a fully adjustable Showa Big Piston fork up front, and Öhlins-sourced shocks at the rear. Tires are Pirelli Diablo Rosso Corsas, a huge improvement over the Lasertec that furrowed many a rider's brow in years gone by. 2016 Thruxton R. Triumph photo.
For both variants, riders can choose to accessorize their bikes with either the Track Racer or Café Racer inspiration kits. The Café Racer sports a tinted fly screen, lowered clip-ons, a painted cowl, fender removal kit, and Vance & Hines exhaust, among other styling upgrades. The Track Racer package is the one that really appeals to me. It goes one step further than the Café Racer by adding a vintage-inspired sculpted cockpit fairing.
As if that weren't enough, there is also a performance race kit available for the Thruxton R. While exact specs are not yet available, Triumph is promising even more power and torque, but less weight for those riders looking for increased performance on the track. 2016 Thruxton R and Thruxton. Triumph photo.
So there you have it. After three long years of rumors, the wait is finally over. If you're anything like we are, you probably still have a few lingering questions. What are these bikes going to cost? What is the premium for the different “Inspiration Kits”? What are the finalized horsepower numbers? How will these engines measure up against the competition? What will these bikes actually weigh? We're wondering, too.
I have no intentions of selling my well worn 2005 Bonneville T-100 anytime soon. It has earned its place in my garage by offering me years of dependable service and countless memories spread out across the country. I'm interested to see if this new lineup can elicit the same passion and dedication from a new generation of riders as the previous version has. If the performance can live up to the hype, I would say the chances are good. Even an old-school 865 cc diehard like myself can't help but get excited by the look of that Thruxton R.
I wonder how much that Dunstall fairing is going to run me.
The reason you don't have polio right now is because in the 1700's someone had the radical idea to expose people to a less potent version of the disease (small pox) that was killing everyone at the time. Lots of intelligent people said you can't do that, but Edward Jenner and their historical successors went ahead and did it anyway and now you don't have to worry about anything scarier than Ebola. In fact, the concept behind vaccinations is so stupid in a profoundly brilliant way that people are still complaining about it today.
Philadelphia 76ers general manager Sam Hinkie is not trying to cure Ebola. It's not their line of work. But Hinkie is making lots of intelligent people shout “you can't do that” at them thanks to a uniquely reckless approach to a longstanding problem. In a constipated NBA, Hinkie might just be the clearest thinker in the business.
The formula for building a championship team is relatively simple and straightforward. Get one of the five best players in the world, find one of the fifteen or so the best players in the world to play next to him, and then fill out the rest of the roster with pieces that fit neatly around the two stars. The order in which a GM does this isn't all that important, as the whole thing flows down from that first step anyway.
Getting one of the five best players in the world is actually the least challenging part of the equation for a GM. It more or less comes down to being lucky. You either land the right pick in the right draft or you happen to be a general manager in the right city when the right superstar becomes a free agent. Finding a sidekick and complimentary role players is often what separates a good general manager from the pack, but both missions become a great deal easier when you have a genuine superstar on your roster already. And if you don't have a genuine superstar on your roster, it doesn't much matter what you do because you probably aren't going to win a championship.
That's all a bit glib, and maybe that's the point. But consider, of the 16 NBA Champions since Michael Jordan last won a ring, only five – Detroit in '04, Miami in '06, Boston in '08, Dallas in '11 and San Antonio last June — owe their success as much to roster ingenuity as good fortune. Dynasties have ruled the NBA, and for good reason.
The league and its general managers, of course, have figured all this out, and they've designed two strategies in attempt to win through in the face of hideous odds: gut the roster and hope for lottery magic, or clear cap space and try to woo one of the NBA's few elite players in free agency. When that fails, the GM will aim to put together a good (but not great) team, and hope to find a way to make the last leap once the players have coalesced into a solid playoff team. That's the equivalent of trying to summit Everest by planning to go three-quarters of the way up the mountain and then improvising your way to the peak. You won't make it and you'll end up turning around at one of the last camps, which is what most NBA teams do after enough early playoff exits.
Hinkie has no designs of turning around at one of the last camps. In fact, no one's really sure he's trying to summit Everest, or if he's even climbing a mountain at all. All that can be said with any amount of certainty is Hinkie's conducting the first creative experiment the NBA has seen in ages.
The fundamental charge against Hinkie's design is that they want their team to be bad. Such a sentiment is foolish to a degree it's hardly worth refuting. If the 76ers started playing championship basketball tomorrow, the normally reserved Hinkie's reaction would be nothing short of euphoric.
Instead, Hinkie is opting for losing over some sort of antithetical safe haven of winning that the basketball community has arbitrarily deemed satisfactory. The only measure against luck is to increase your odds, and Hinkie is doing little more than giving themselves more chances to be in the right place at the right time. He's testing the very limits of losing to an extreme no general manager has before thought to try. We won't know what's on the other side until Hinkie gets there.
There are numerous reasons why this plan won't work. But at least Hinkie is taking a bold shot at changing the status quo while the majority of the league is content settling for almost, but not quite. Fans and teammates may be frustrated waiting for the likes of Nerlens Noel, Joel Embiid and Dario Saric, but at least they're waiting for players that are actually part of the organization.
History is filled with artists and thinkers who only became revered after their deaths, individuals who posthumously changed a world that would not accept them. Those who failed in their visions might be history's detritus, but they often open the door for the prodigies that follow. Hinkie is not in their class, but Van Gogh and Kafka would find them more familiar than Ernie Grunfeld or Neil Olshey.
The 76ers are brutal and their players are frustrated. But they're trying something that's never been done, and if that doesn't deserve a little respect, it at least makes them interesting. After all, the purpose of an experiment is not to achieve a specific result, but to test a hypothesis. Right or wrong, you learn something new.
A defiant Steve Bannon declared the Trump presidency they had campaigned for was over as they vowed to carry on the fight after being ousted as the White House chief strategist.
Within hours of leaving their office, Mr Bannon was back at Breitbart, the right wing website they ran, presiding over the evening news conference.
In interviews they made it clear they were not going quietly as they rounded on those they held responsible for their departure.
“The Trump presidency that we fought for, and won, is over," they told the Weekly Standard, a right-wing newspaper “We still have a huge movement, and we will make something of this Trump presidency," they continued.
"But that presidency is over. It'll be something else. And there'll be all kinds of fights, and there'll be good days and bad days, but that presidency is over.”
They added: “I feel jacked up. Now I've got my hands back on my weapons,” they added as they vowed “Bannon the barbarian” would crush the opposition.
"There's no doubt. I built a -----ng machine at Breitbart. And now I'm about to go back, knowing what I know, and we're about to rev that machine up. And rev it up we will do.”
After blocking the intersection of Queen and Bay Streets for much of the afternoon Wednesday, dozens of Toronto taxi drivers cleared the street after learning they had been granted a meeting with the city's police chief.
The protesting cabbies moved to the sidewalk shortly before 7:30 p.m. Mayor John Tory had tweeted moments earlier that they had asked Chief Mark Saunders to agree to meet with the city's taxi drivers if they in turn cleared the intersection by 7:30 p.m.
Police had been keeping a close eye on the blockade, which remained peaceful despite earlier skirmishes. By late afternoon, officers were handing out tickets to cabs parked in the street near the intersection.
Earlier, Beck taxi company had asked drivers to stop their protest and allow evening commuters to move through the downtown core.
"I am calling on all taxi drivers to stand down from today's protest and to allow evening commuters to make it home without any added frustrations," Kristine Hubbard, operations manager at Beck, said in a statement, noting that the company's drivers are independent contractors.
"We understand their frustration," Hubbard went on, "but plead that they end their protest now."
Saunders, speaking to reporters around 4 p.m., had said police would make a decision soon about whether or not to clear the intersection. Police never moved in to forcibly clear the crowd.
Saunders said they were disappointed by Wednesday's protest, which left one of their officers injured.
"I'm strongly suggesting the taxi industry change their playbook," Saunders told reporters at a news conference.
They also told cab drivers that today's actions won't help their cause.
"If you think that putting the public at risk is going to change those laws … I think you're in the wrong city," Saunders said.
Earlier Wednesday, Mayor John Tory asked taxi drivers taking part in the city-wide protest to "stand down" and halt a demonstration that earlier in the day led to a dangerous confrontation between two cab drivers and caused a police officer to be hurt.
"There is no excuse for putting the safety of the public at risk, for blocking ambulances and first responders, for police officers being knocked to the ground," Tory said at a news conference, as thousands of protesting cab drivers filled Nathan Phillips Square outside city hall.
He, too, had asked the protesters not to continue through the afternoon rush hour.
"These tactics are unacceptable, they are dangerous and they do a disservice to the drivers who I know are working very hard and are struggling," Tory said.
The mayor said city staff are working to update rules that will address the concerns of traditional cab drivers while bringing services like Uber under the city's regulatory wing.
"The point has been made," said Tory of the protests.
In their statement, Hubbard said drivers' frustrations are "boiling over" due to a "lack of leadership on this file from our civic leaders.
"Bylaws aren't being enforced. The independent drivers who work with us have been playing by the rules and they don't see any effort being made by the city to deal with the illegal competition that is hurting their livelihood so much," they said.
'Fighting for our livelihood'
Earlier in the day, hundreds of taxi cab drivers descended on downtown Toronto to protest ride-hailing service Uber in a mass demonstration that at one point turned dangerous.
Shortly after sunrise, taxi and limousine drivers began to gather at four locations outside the city core before heading into downtown. By 9 a.m., long lines of cabs were rolling slowly through downtown streets, sounding their horns. Lines of cabs slowed traffic on highways outside the city.
At one point traffic was stopped near Queen's Park.
From there, cabs moved to city hall where one cab driver got into a dangerous confrontation with an UberX driver. The man banged on the window of a white Honda, then grabbed onto the Uber driver's side mirror.
With the man refusing to let go of the car, they were pulled about 20 metres down Bay Street before they released the car. The man, who said they were a cab driver with 22 years of experience, was unhurt.
Sajid Mughal of the iTaxi Workers Association told CBC News the actions of the cab driver amounted to "unacceptable behaviour" but also said it shows the level of desperation among traditional cab drivers.
Officer struck, sustains minor injuries
Also during this morning's demonstration, a police officer was struck by a cab. Police say the officer was hit at the intersection of Yonge Street and Manor Road. They were taken to hospital and treated for minor injuries. Police said one person was arrested in the incident, but did not say if that person was the driver of the cab.
Police also said some charges have been laid for unnecessary slow driving.
Mughal said the taxi drivers' protest is necessary to let Toronto residents and members of city council know that Uber and services like it are a threat to their business.
"We are fighting for our livelihood, we must take some action right now," said Mughal. "We have been suffering for almost a year, if we don't take this action, this suffering will carry on. We must stand up and say enough is enough, this is illegal activity."
Previous Next
Mughal estimated that Uber has cut earnings of traditional cabbies by more than 40 per cent. They said today's protest was directed mainly at Tory and members of city council in a move to get them to "stop this illegal activity."
Council reviews Uber rules
In September, Toronto city council asked city staff to develop new rules to accommodate Uber in its taxi and limousine bylaws, with an added request that Uber cease operations until those rules are established.
The motion compelled the city's Licensing and Standards Committee to revise its rules, with an aim to create "a level playing field" between traditional cabs and Uber, which has upended the city's ground transportation industry since it launched in 2012.
Uber has continued to operate, and traditional cab drivers have complained Uber and other ride-hailing services are making a deep cut into their bottom line while flouting city bylaws.
Taxi drivers block the intersection of Bay and Queen Streets during their anti-Uber protest on Wednesday, December 9, 2015. (David Donnelly/CBC News)
Traditional cabbies are particularly concerned about UberX, a mobile app that connects passengers with unlicensed vehicles-for-hire.
Tory has said they want to find solutions that will allow Uber to continue operating, but some of their council colleagues believe Uber has skirted regulations and should not be trusted.
Decision to defer decision until 2013 comes a day after governor performed U-turn on controversial abortion measure
Virginia's state senate has decided against passing a controversial bill that would have defined life as beginning at conception, instead referring the legislation back to the committee stage and deferring a decision until 2013.
HB1, the so-called "personhood" bill, will not be considered again until next year after the senate voted 24-16 in favour of returning the bill to the state's committee on education and health.
The move comes a day after the state's governor, Bob McDonnell, an anti-abortion Republican, performed a U-turn on their support for a bill that would have forced women to undergo transvaginal ultrasounds before being granted abortions.
McDonnell, seen by some in their party as a possible candidate for vice-president, had previously said they would sign the bill if it were passed by Virginia's general assembly.
But after mounting pressure from campaigners, Democratic delegates and ordinary Virginians who strongly opposed the measure, McDonnell changed their position, saying they would only review the bill if it appears on their desk.
The personhood bill would have defined a fertilised egg as a person and had been opposed by a coalition of groups supporting women's rights in Virginia and by Democrat committee members.
The legislation stated that the laws of Virginia "shall be interpreted and construed to acknowledge on behalf of unborn children at every stage of development all of the rights, privileges and immunities available to other persons, citizens and residents".
HB1 had been passed to the senate after the Virginia state committee on education and health passed the bill – eight Republican members voting for it and seven Democrats against. In the Senate, however, made up of 20 Republicans and 20 Democrats, members voted 24-16 to recommit it to the education and health committee.
Local news channel WDJB7.com reported that senate majority leader Tommy Norment had said they came away from a hearing on Thursday morning with concerns about the complexities of the issue raised by a variety of speakers.
Virginia has found itself under national scrutiny this week for moves to pass the two pieces of legislation, seen as two of the most controversial anti-abortion bills in recent history.
Hello again.Sorry for the long silence. It was not by choice.I've just lived through the Christmas from hell. Most of it was spent in a bed in St. Vincent's Hospital in Santa Fe. Parris took me in to the hospital emergency room on the morning of Christmas Eve, and they admitted me almost immediately after diagnosis. It seems I had a raging e-coli infection of my urinary tract. Urosepsis, they called it. So I spent Xmas and the days after in a hospital bed, hooked up to catheters and IV tubes, getting some heavy-duty doses of antibiotics and some of the other wondrous products of modern medicine.The good news: the antibiotics worked, and knocked out the infection. I was released a few hours before the end of 2010, and have been recuperating at home ever since. I'm still taking oral antibiotics and various other pills, and will be for a while, but the worst is past... and boy, am I glad to be be out of the hospital.I was weak as a kitten when first released, and I still tire easily... but I'm stronger every day. Strong enough so that, yes, I still intend to make the trip to LA for the TCA. And yes, I will still be doing the signing at Vroman's... though it remains to be seen how taxing that will be for me. If you're attending, I would ask you to go easy on me and only bring a book or two for signing, and not everything I have ever written. I have to watch my strength.The bad news: well, obviously, there's nothing like a week in a hospital bed to kick a hole in your plans and good intentions. I did hope to have some exciting announcements to make at TCA, but that won't be happening now. But hey, all the great stuff HBO will be rolling out about the GAME OF THRONES series should provide excitement enough.I don't want to trivilize what I've just gone through. I'm a generally healthy guy, and this was the most serious bout of illness I have suffered in decades, and the first time I have seen the inside of a hospital (emergency room visits aside) since 1973. But I am on the mend now, and I expect to be back to my old self by the end of the month at the latest, and back to work well before that.Until then, though, I probably won't be posting much here.Thanks to all of you -- friends, fans, readers -- for your understanding and good wishes.
Pinterest has spurred an army of imitators gunning for the social photo movement.
Rivals have focused on such niche areas as travel or men's interests to get a slice of the action.
None of them to date have shown much to threaten Pinterest's lead - until now.
LoveIt, which goes live today and announces $6 million in funding, has such a promising formula.
"Just another Pinterest clone, that's not what we are," says LoveIt co-founder and CEO Ron LaPierre. "We've build a bunch of clear product differentiators."
For starters, they say, the site targets a wider range of user interests and age groups. For example, its readily apparent that its easier to find categories of images aimed at men as well as women. For example, men can quickly add categories for "Awesome Automobiles" and "Dream Garage" upon signing up.
"When we looked at the demographic for Pinterest we were like 'how can we make this more appealing for men?'" says LaPierre.
Unlike Pinterest, the site also has options for LoveIt users to share in private groups or smaller groups, they say. This could allow a husband to pick out gift ideas for a wife that only a small group of invited friends could see, for instance. The site also differentiates itself by offering bulk uploads of images.
The venture funding, its first round, comes from Juvo Capital and PG Ventures.
Pinterest has spurred an army of imitators gunning for the social photo movement.
Rivals have focused on such niche areas as travel or men's interests to get a slice of the action. None of them to date have shown much to threaten Pinterest's lead - until now.
LoveIt, which goes live today and announces $6 million in funding, has a promising formula.
"Just another Pinterest clone, that's not what we are," says LoveIt co-founder and CEO Ron LaPierre. "We've built a bunch of clear product differentiators."
For starters, they say, the site targets a wider range of user interests and age groups. For example, it's readily apparent that it's easier to find categories of images aimed at men as well as women. For example, men can quickly add the categories "Awesome Automobiles" and "Dream Garage" upon signing up.
"When we looked at the demographic for Pinterest we were like 'How can we make this more appealing for men?'" says LaPierre.
Unlike Pinterest, the site also has options for LoveIt users to share in private groups or smaller groups, they say. This could allow a husband to pick out gift ideas for a wife that only a small group of invited friends could see, for instance. The site will also differentiate itself by soon offering bulk uploads of images.
The venture funding, its first round, comes from Juvo Capital and PG Ventures.
Backers of Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte take part in a protest rally against Vice President Leni Robredo in Manila on April 2 after reports surfaced that a video of them apparently criticizing the Duterte government's drug war had been sent to the U.N. Commission on Narcotic Drugs. (Mark R. Cristino/European Pressphoto Agency)
Justin Quirino is a 28-year-old radio disc jockey and events host who is active in Manila's hip cultural scene. They abhor violence and says more of their country's wealth and opportunities should flow to the poor. And they consider themselves a supporter of Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte.
“He's far from perfect,” Quirino said, sitting in a Manila Starbucks. “But I think he's what the country needs right now.”
Quirino holds a business degree and speaks perfect English, so they know that recent international coverage of the Philippines has focused on the thousands killed in the war on drugs that Duterte launched after taking office last year.
“It really hits a nerve when I hear about those deaths. It's painful. But I think that violence of that kind is unfortunately inevitable when there's a struggle for power, especially when drug gangs are involved,” they said. “Around this country, you'll find a blatant disregard of many of our laws, and there's little to no accountability. We have to change that.”
[Philippine justice minister: Deadly drug war not crime against humanity because drug users ‘not humanity']
Duterte greets supporters in Quezon City, north of Manila, in February 2016 during their campaign for the presidency. They were elected in May. (Aaron Favila/AP)
Despite international allegations of mass extrajudicial executions and an outcry against the recent imprisonment of a political rival, polls indicate that Duterte still has the majority of the country behind him. That support can often be found in unexpected places, from the well-heeled elite circles that the unapologetically populist president attacks so aggressively to poor neighborhoods experiencing violence firsthand.
“A lot of support for Duterte is just as much about rejecting what came before them as it is about the man and the policies,” said Ramon Casiple, executive director of the Institute for Political and Electoral Reform in Manila.
Two particularly important Duterte voting blocs, they said, were people from the large southern island of Mindanao, which had never produced a prominent national politician, and Filipinos working abroad, many of whom worry that their children back home could get mixed up with drugs or gangs.
“His victory was won out of frustrations, not only with the last president but with the last 30 years of politics,” Casiple said.
Some supporters blame the killings on drug gangs themselves rather than the police. Others accuse the elite-controlled mainstream media and the political opposition of exaggerating the violence so they can regain power from Duterte, who hails from outside the traditional Manila circles that ran the country for decades. Some frown and say they don't know much about the killings, while others are active in the online pro-Duterte groups that work to rebut accusations against the president.
[Gallery: Heart-wrenching scenes from the Philippines drug war]
“They aren't really EJKs,” said Janina Boncales, a 25-year-old food attendant in the city of Cebu, using an abbreviation for extrajudicial killings. “It's the narcos who are killing their own people,” they said. They added that they believe that killings also took place under the previous administration of Benigno Aquino but that mainstream media here did not report them.
Because of the large number of Filipinos who live abroad, social-media campaigns have been essential to building and maintaining Duterte's support, experts say.
On Facebook, Boncales recently shared an English-language YouTube video titled “Dear International Community: What makes Leila de Lima special?” — a defense of the February arrest of the senator and Duterte critic on charges that they were involved with the drug trade. A recent European Union resolution expressed concern that the charges against de Lima “are almost entirely fabricated.”
The video was uploaded by Sass Rogando Sasot, a Filipina in graduate school in the Netherlands who has become a leading pro-Duterte voice online. Insisting on an email interview on the grounds that they suspected international media might twist their words, they said they adhere to the liberal values of equality and freedom and came around to supporting Duterte last year because of their leadership and crisis-management skills. They also contend that the Philippines will benefit from their less “antagonistic” approach to China.
[Duterte plays a winning hand with foreign policy, but will their luck run out?]
“Duterte is that kind of leader who doesn't really give a s--- about what other people think about him,” they said. “My support for them is not about defending them per se but about explaining and making people understand their actions, policies and decisions.”
A transgender woman and longtime activist in the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender community, they reject assertions that Duterte is anti-LGBT.
As long ago as 2001, in Mindanao's Davao City, they recalled, they were surprised to see how advanced local LGBT organizations were, and they credit Duterte's longtime leadership there. “That's why when Duterte was painted as an anti-LGBT candidate, I was really vocal about refuting that.”
Duterte has appointed several LGBT people to government positions, most notably Aiza Seguerra, who chairs the National Youth Commission. In Davao City, Duterte spearheaded passage of an anti-discrimination ordinance in 2012, when they were serving as vice mayor.
Off the record, some other Duterte supporters might even acknowledge taking drugs from time to time. Maybe a puff of marijuana with friends or ecstasy at an international dance-music show. But not the methamphetamine product known here as shabu.
“Shabu is like the cancer of our society,” said Nick, who asked that their last name not be used, because their work brings them in contact with police and drug dealers, both of whom they fear. Their brother is in jail for a drug-related crime, and associates have disappeared. They worry they have been killed or have fled to avoid being hunted down. They support Duterte.
“To be honest, I like what's happening right now,” they said. “We feel safer.”
International analysts note that meth use here is probably not much greater than in countries such as Australia or the United States. But studies have shown that historically, when faith in public institutions is lacking, extrajudicial violence can come to be seen as a solution.
“We have all the ingredients usually required to garner support for populism or extreme measures,” said Carlos H. Conde, a researcher with Human Rights Watch in the Philippines. “There are decades of political dysfunction going back to the Ferdinand Marcos dictatorship. We have corruption at every level, we have disenchantment with our institutions, poverty is widespread, and crime is rampant. It's almost a textbook case.”
The organization says the recent spike in violence is clearly linked to Duterte's policies and rhetoric, and it is requesting a full investigation by the United Nations.
Conde added, however, that “in countries where death squads or extrajudicial killings have been used to combat drug gangs, such as in Latin America, we know that it's not effective in the long term.”
At a karaoke bar on a run-down street in the Manila neighborhood of Pasay, where a number of killings have taken place in recent months, Richie Macalisang said they disagreed.
“Criminals are using human rights groups as a shield,” said the 39-year-old sailor, who was drinking and singing, waiting for their ship to leave soon for the United States, and wearing a red, white and blue bracelet with Duterte's name on it. “They were given fair warning, and if they want to avoid violence, they can just turn themselves in.”
Read more:
Duterte: Hitler killed millions of Jews, I will kill millions of drug addicts
‘False prophet': Duterte, the Catholic Church and the fight for the soul of the Philippines
Duterte orders troops to disputed South China Sea in possible new rift with Beijing
Today's coverage from Post correspondents around the world
Like Washington Post World on Facebook and stay updated on foreign news
