I saw this life-hack about how you can lightly trace notes on banana skins with toothpicks and then the next day the notes will show up like magic.
The person writing the tip suggested writing sweet notes for your kids on their bananas. I promptly went and traced notes on all of our bananas and then immediately forgot about it, until the next day when I heard Victor screaming about how the bananas were talking to him.
I acted like they were insane and like I couldn't see any notes on the bananas, and asked if maybe they needed to go lay down and rest, but then they were all “I recognize your handwriting, dumb-ass. Why are you writing threatening letters on the bananas?” and I was like “Because we were out of post-its?” But then I finally admitted that I was just practicing, because I thought it would be funny to write paranoid demands on bananas at the grocery store, so that when people get them home they'll be all “What the fuck? Are these bananas talking to me? WHAT DOES IT MEAN?” Then Victor just shook their head and walked out of the room. Probably because they couldn't stand how awesome I am.
PS. I suppose you could also write sweet, complimentary things on anonymous bananas, like “You're so beautiful” and junk, but honestly I think having a banana hitting on me would be way creepier than one telling me to “Act natural. You'll be contacted soon.” It's probably just me.
PPS. I can only think of about 6 things to write on stranger's bananas so if you have any suggestions, please leave them.
The painted airport at Mexico City
By Simon Hradecky, created Wednesday, May 17th 2017 23:20Z, last updated Tuesday, Jul 11th 2017 00:28Z There has been a long standing plan to build a new airport at Mexico's Capital Mexico City, expanding the numbers of runways as well as creating longer runways.
The new airport was painted onto the surface of the dry lake exactly where the new airport has been planned to, even the runways have been painted in their planned positions including full markings.
This move prompts Pilot Associations around the globe to warn their members of possible confusion of old real airport and new "fake" airport. They state that from the air it is not recognizeable that this is just a painting and could be confused with a real airport.
GeoEye-1 Satellite Images of Apr 19th 2017 show the beginnings of the easterly "runway".
On Jul 7th 2017 another aerial photo shows, both painted runways now feature large crosses indicating the runways are closed/not operative.
Aerial Photo showing status on Jul 7th 2017 (Photo: Manuel Osorio):
Aerial Photos showing status of May 17th 2017:
Map (Graphics: AVH/Google Earth):
By Saul Arroyo Guerrero on Thursday, Jul 13th 2017 14:41Z
By Levent, Izmir on Wednesday, Jul 12th 2017 07:13Z
By Levent,izmir on Tuesday, Jul 11th 2017 15:45Z
By (anonymous) on Tuesday, Jul 11th 2017 12:07Z
By Denis on Tuesday, Jul 11th 2017 11:17Z
By chandelle on Tuesday, Jul 11th 2017 10:10Z
By turk757 on Tuesday, Jul 11th 2017 09:54Z
By Levent, Izmir on Tuesday, Jul 11th 2017 08:33Z
By Wojtek on Tuesday, Jul 11th 2017 07:46Z
By Mr Pearce on Monday, May 22nd 2017 05:59Z
By JayJay on Friday, May 19th 2017 07:25Z
By Uwe on Friday, May 19th 2017 07:08Z
By PAbs on Friday, May 19th 2017 00:49Z
By (anonymous) on Friday, May 19th 2017 00:12Z
By JayJay on Thursday, May 18th 2017 21:32Z
By JayJay on Thursday, May 18th 2017 21:02Z
By Will B on Thursday, May 18th 2017 20:44Z
By Dave Cornutt on Thursday, May 18th 2017 18:34Z
By Simon Hradecky on Thursday, May 18th 2017 18:21Z
By CRM on Thursday, May 18th 2017 17:13Z
By Bill Tugby on Thursday, May 18th 2017 16:35Z
By Bob on Thursday, May 18th 2017 15:56Z
By TFFG on Thursday, May 18th 2017 15:03Z
By John on Thursday, May 18th 2017 14:33Z
By Mike R on Thursday, May 18th 2017 13:28Z
By Stephen Bradford on Thursday, May 18th 2017 13:16Z
By Ulafme on Thursday, May 18th 2017 12:38Z
By TL on Thursday, May 18th 2017 12:34Z
By Toni Counter on Thursday, May 18th 2017 11:54Z
By (anonymous) on Thursday, May 18th 2017 11:40Z
Add your comment: (max 1024 characters) Your Name: Your Email: Subject: Your comment:
The Aviation Herald Apps
Android and iOS
Support The Aviation Herald
one time
Monthly support 1 €/month
Interview: The human factor named "Simon Hradecky" and the team of man and machine
On Saturday, president Trump signed three more executive orders aimed at fighting terrorism and corruption. They follow yesterday's order for a temporary ban on immigrants from certain countries entering the U.S. Today's actions are as follows:
EO #1: Implementing a five year lobbying ban on administration officials. "This is something I've talked about a lot on the campaign trail... and now we're putting it into effect," said Trump.
EO #2: Calling for a reorganization of the National Security Council and the Homeland Security Council.
EO #3: Calling on military leaders to present a report to the president in 30 days that outlines a strategy for defeating ISIS. "This is the plan to defeat the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria, in other words ISIS. I think it's going to be very successful."
Signed some additional executive orders in the Oval Office moments ago- pic.twitter.com/fgIaVW5aJD — President Trump (@POTUS) January 28, 2017
Accoding to Reuters, Trump's call for a military plan to defeat Islamic State is likely to see the Pentagon revisiting options for a more aggressive use of firepower and American troops. But U.S. officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity, doubt the country's military will advocate fundamentally changing a key strategy refined during the Obama administration: relying on local forces to do most of the fighting, and dying, in Syria and Iraq.
"It is going to be very successful," Trump said as they signed the order in the Oval Office at the White House. A copy of the order was not immediately available but was expected to be released later. In a briefing with reporters on Saturday, a senior administration official said the order would ask the joint chiefs of staff to submit a plan in 30 days for defeating Islamic State, fulfilling one of Trump's campaign trail pledges.
Trump made defeating Islamic State - which has claimed responsibility for several attacks on American soil and is frustrating U.S. military operations across the Middle East - one of the key themes in their campaign. But they avoided talking about specifics of any plan to combat the radical group.
Any shifts by the U.S. military would have broad repercussions for U.S. relationships across the Middle East, which were strained by former President Barack Obama's effort throughout their administration to limit U.S. military involvement in Iraq and Syria. Trump's Defense Secretary James Mattis has advocated a more forceful approach against Islamic State, but how they will pursue that remains unclear.
David Barno, a retired lieutenant general who once led U.S. forces in Afghanistan, said it would be a major escalation if Trump's administration opted to rely on U.S. troops by putting them into a direct combat role and effectively substitute them for local forces.
"We've been down that road, and I don't think the American people are excited about that idea," said Barno, who now teaches at American University in Washington, D.C. "I do think the Pentagon will argue for, and get a lot more authority, to put advisers and special operators closer into the fight," Barno said.
Looks like more war is coming.
* * *
Today's actions bring the total number of executive orders signed by Trump since taking office to 17. A summary list of the previous fourteen, courtesy of Politico, is presented below.
1. Providing “relief” from the Affordable Care Act
Trump's first executive order on Inauguration Day involved “minimizing the economic burden” of the Affordable Care Act. This order allows the Secretary of Health and Human Services and the heads of other departments and agencies to waive or delay the implementation of any ACA provisions that would impose a financial burden or any state or a regulatory burden on any individuals.
2. Freezing all regulations
Trump froze all pending regulations until they are approved directly by their administration or by an agency led by Trump appointees. The action, given in a memorandum from White House chief of staff Reince Priebus, delays all regulations with the exception of health, safety, financial or national security matters allowed by the Office of Management and Budget director.
3. Reinstating the “Mexico City” abortion policy
The president reinstated the so-called “Mexico City Policy”, which blocks the use of U.S. taxpayer dollars to fund foreign non-governmental organizations that perform or promote abortions. It was established by former president Ronald Reagan and has been rescinded by Democratic presidents and reinstated by Republican presidents ever since.
4. Scrapping the Trans-Pacific Partnership
Trump's next executive action withdrew the United States from the Trans-Pacific Partnership, which former President Barack Obama negotiated with 11 other pacific nations. The deal was never ratified by the Senate, so it had not gone into effect. Instead, the Trump administration says it plans on negotiating bilateral deals with individual nations.
5. Freezing the federal workforce
Trump issued a presidential memorandum Tuesday that prohibits government agencies from hiring any new employees, effective as of noon on January 22. The order does not apply to military personnel and the head of any executive department may exempt positions that include national security or public safety responsibilities.
6 & 7. Advancing the Dakota Access and Keystone XL Pipelines
Trump's next actions encouraged the construction of two controversial pipelines, the Dakota Access Pipeline and Keystone XL Pipeline. The DAPL action instructs an expedited review and approval of the remaining construction and operation of the pipeline by the Army for Civil Works and U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. The Keystone XL action invites TransCanada, the Canadian energy company behind the pipeline, to re-submit its application for a presidential permit to construct the pipeline. It also instructs the Secretary of State to reach a final determination within 60 days.
8. Expediting Environmental Reviews on Infrastructure Projects
On Tuesday, Trump issued an executive order to streamline environmental reviews of high-priority infrastructure projects. The action states that infrastructure projects in the U.S. “have been routinely and excessively delayed by agency processes and procedures.” The action instructs the Chairman of the White House Council on Environmental Quality to create expedited procedures and deadlines for environmental reviews and approvals for high-priority infrastructure projects.
9. Promoting “Made-in-the-USA” pipelines
This memorandum instructs the Secretary of Commerce to create a plan for pipelines created, repaired or expanded in the United States to use materials and equipment produced in the country “to the maximum extent possible.” It establishes that all steel and metal used in such pipelines be completely produced in the United States, from the initial melting stage to the application of coatings.
10. Reviewing domestic manufacturing regulation
Trump issued an action that instructs the Secretary of Commerce to contact stakeholders to review the impact of Federal regulations on domestic manufacturing. After the review, the Secretary of Commerce is instructed to create a streamlined Federal permitting process for domestic manufacturers.
11. Increasing border security measures
Trump signed an executive order Wednesday that directed the secretary of homeland security to:
Begin planning, designing and constructing a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border, including identify available federal funds and working with Congress for additional funding
Construct and operate detention facilities near the border to make adjudicate asylum claims, subject to the availability of existing funding,
Hire 5,000 additional Border Patrol agents, subject to the availability of existing funding,
End “catch and release” policy
Quantify all “sources of direct and indirect Federal aid or assistance to the Government of Mexico on an annual basis over the past five years”
Take action to empower state and local law enforcement to act as immigration officers
12. Pursuit of undocumented immigrants
Trump signed an executive order Wednesday that directed the secretary of homeland security to:
Prioritize certain undocumented immigrants for removal, including those with criminal convictions and those who have only been charged with a crime
Hire 10,000 additional immigration officers at U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, subject to the availability of existing funding,
Prohibit federal funding, with the help of the attorney general, to “sanctuary” jurisdictions, where local officials have declined to help enforce federal immigration laws
Reinstate the Secure Communities program, which was terminated in 2014 and enables state and local law enforcement to effectively act as immigration agents
Sanction countries, with the help of the secretary of state, that refuse to accept the return of undocumented immigrants deported from the U.S.
Create a list, updated weekly, of crimes committed by undocumented immigrants in sanctuary jurisdictions
Create an “Office for Victims of Crimes Committed by Removable Aliens” to “provide proactive, timely, adequate and professional services to victims of crimes committed by removable aliens and family members of such victims”
13. Reevaluating visa and refugee programs
Trump signed an executive order Friday evening making significant changes to the visa and refugee programs in the United States. It includes:
Cuts the number of refugees allowed into the United States in fiscal 2017 from 110,000 to 50,000
Suspends for 120 days the U.S. Refugee Admissions Program, which identifies and processes refugees for resettlement in the United States
Suspends the entry of all “immigrants and nonimmigrants” from Iraq, Iran, Sudan and Libya for a period of 90 days. This may also apply to citizens of Libya, Yemen and Somalia depending on the interpretation.
Bars all Syrian refugees for an indefinite period
Directs the secretary of homeland security, the director of national intelligence and secretary of state to put together a list of countries that do not provide adequate information to vet potential entry of foreign nationals into the United States. Foreign nationals from those countries will be banned from entering the United States.
Directs the secretary of state, the secretary of homeland security, the director of national intelligence, and the director of the FBI to implement uniform screening standards for all immigration programs
Directs the secretary of homeland security, upon the resumption of the U.S. Refugee Admissions Program, to “prioritize refugee claims made by individuals on the basis of religious-based persecution, provided that the religion of the individual is a minority religion in the individual's country of nationality.”
Directs the secretary of homeland security to implement a biometric entry-exit tracking system
Grants state and local jurisdictions, whenever possible a “role in the process of determining the placement or settlement” of refugees
Suspend the Visa Interview Waiver Program, which allows certain people renewing their visas to skip an in-person interview
Directs the secretary of state to expand the Consular Fellows Program
14. Strengthening the military
The president on Friday issued a presidential memorandum directing the secretary of defense, James Mattis, to conduct a review on the military's readiness in the next 30 days and develop a budget for fiscal 2018 capable of improving the “readiness conditions.” They also directed Mattis to complete a National Defense Strategy and to review the country's nuclear capabilities and missile-defense capabilities
Turns out there's a close precedent for the spectacle of a poisonously contrary opposing party urging Americans and foreigners alike to ignore the sitting US president. But we must reach back all the way to George Washington and the 1790s, says a leading scholar.
In their day, Washington was branded senile by their opponents—the precursors to today's Democrats but back then called Republicans—one of whom wished for their early death, according to Joseph Ellis, a Pulitzer Prize-winning US revolutionary-era scholar. Calling Washington a traitor, the Republicans, led by Thomas Jefferson, tried to defund a treaty they had negotiated with the British.
“To the degree that the current right-wing Republicans don't think that Obama represents the best interests of the country, they felt the same way about Washington,” Ellis tells Quartz. “The lunacies that we see are not unprecedented. They were there at the creation.”
First, let's discuss contemporary politics
Today's Republicans have been in a fairly regular lather almost since Barack Obama was elected president, casting doubt on their legitimacy and generally working to lock them in a full nelson. But over the past two weeks, they've gone into a higher state of agitation, into something resembling open rebellion.
On March 4, Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell urged governors of the 50 states to defy expected new federal rules governing carbon emissions from power plants, rules that in their view are illegal.
The day before that, House of Representatives speaker John Boehner hosted Israeli prime minister Binyamin Netanyahu for a big speech. Obama had opposed Netanyahu's appearance because it was staged to undercut advanced nuclear negotiations under way with Iran. But, in one of history's strangest episodes of diplomatic sabotage, it went ahead anyway: House and Senate Republicans, plus some Democrats, cheered as Netanyahu, facing a close election at home, suggested that Obama is a naïve foreign policy actor.
In the latest event, 47 Republicans on March 9 signed an open letter to Iran's leadership: Tehran could conclude any nuclear deal it wanted with Obama, but Congress would have to approve it, and “the next president could revoke” it, the signees said. The letter appears not to have violated the Logan Act, which bars unauthorized people from conducting negotiations on behalf of the US, a role relegated solely to the president, but some legal scholars say it came close.
Aaron David Miller, a presidential scholar at the Wilson Center, a Washington think tank, says both the invitation to Netanyahu and the Republican letter are unprecedented. Other experts and commentators have said the same—that the president's right to conduct foreign policy has never been so infringed. “Together they demonstrate that while politics really never stopped at the water's edge, these days those domestic politics are way off shore,” Miller tells Quartz.
But that ignores the father of the nation
Perhaps no modern president has faced such a revolt, but Ellis points out that Washington confronted—and defeated—a similar uprising.
The issue back then was a diplomatic accord with Britain that came to be called the Jay Treaty. Negotiated just a few years after the cessation of the Revolutionary War, a time when emotions remained brittle between Britain and its former American colonies, the treaty, Washington argued, was nonetheless necessary if the US was to get onto its feet and not disintegrate.
But Jefferson and their political allies wanted the young country to enter a commercially hostile posture with Britain, and instead maintain its cozy relationship with the French.
Washington proceeded, peacefully settling outstanding issues from the Revolutionary War, including extricating residual British troops from present-day Ohio and neighboring states, and ushering in a decade and a half of normal trade between the former combatants.
So began the open warfare among the founding fathers. James Monroe, a Jefferson acolyte (and future president) who was then US ambassador to France, openly told Parisians they could ignore Washington—arguing that they were not the United States' legitimate leader. Washington summarily fired Monroe. Another Jeffersonian aide behaved similarly, and Washington sacked him, too.
Paine's diatribe against Washington.
The rhetoric became shrill. Jefferson called Washington senile. A grandson of Benjamin Franklin—Benjamin Franklin Bache—charged that Washington was a traitor, who had collaborated with the British in the war. Tom Paine wrote an open letter (left) in which they prayed for Washington's imminent death, Ellis said.
To withhold Senate approval of the treaty, Jefferson and their acolytes fired up the public into an anti-British frenzy. Washington out-maneuvered them and won Senate ratification, at which point the Republicans shifted the field of battle to the House of Representatives, where they attempted to deny funding to put the treaty into effect. Washington won that, too, by a close, 51-48 vote.
Ultimately, Jefferson abided by the treaty when they themselves became president in 1801. But the die for no-holds-barred partisan politics was cast.
Virgin Media is now acting as chief lapdog to the Lord Mandleson sell out of the internet to the dying music distribution industry. Virgin Media is to trial deep packet inspection technology to measure the level of so-called illegal filesharing on its network. Customers being monitored will not be informed.
Virgin will use a product called CView, sold by Detica, a BAE subsidiary that specialises in large volume data collection and processing, and whose traditional customers are the intelligence agencies and law enforcement. BAE profited massively from the Neo Con Labour War in Iraq and Afghanistan, now it loks set to profit again from The War Against Piracy.
The CView product will operate at the centre of Virgin Media's network with an aim of estimating the proportion of filesharing traffic that infringes copyright.
40 per cent of Virgin Media's traffic will be monitored. If you are on Virgin and are not being monitored today, tomorrow you may well be. If this is truly limited to peer traffic then your next game on your XBOX 360 may be monitored. It would be all but impossible to identify the difference between a game played on your XBOX 360 and an encrypted bit torrent file. This will therefore exaggerate the amount of “illegal” bit torrent traffic.
The system will look at traffic to identify peer-to-peer packets. The programme then looks at those packets to determine what is licensed and what is unlicensed, based on data provided by the record industry.
Virgin promises data will be aggregated and and made anonymous. The trial though has no scheduled end date.
It should be remembered that CView uses the the same technology that powered the Phorm advertising system, which monitored individual internet users to target advertisements. It too was trialled – by BT – without customers' consent or knowledge. The Government faces an EU investigation for allowing this.
Detica will want to sell this to other ISPs. So there may be no escape from this. Once all ISPs have this, how anonymous will traffic be then?
Virgin Media's implementation will they promise focus on music sharing. Of course their proposed music download service has nothing to do with this. Are you sure you will not be flagged because of a video you watch on youtube or even Vidzone on the PS3? Do you trust the list provided by the Music Industry?
Detica has is also trying to flog CView to the Government. In the sales document, Detica said that as well as aggregate data, CView could be used to categorise filesharers and apply technical measures against them, or target them to be sold legal alternatives.
Welcome to Digital Britain.
Hours after a much-touted MSNBC “scoop” revealed part of President Trump's 2005 tax returns -- and in the process, undermined the left's speculation that they were a tax dodger -- the commander-in-chief fired back Wednesday morning with another volley of barb-laden tweets.
Though Trump was set to hit the road for a stop in Detroit and a rally in Tennessee on Wednesday, they kicked off their travel with a victory lap on Twitter after DCReport.org reporter David Cay Johnston revealed 2005 Trump tax documents to MSNBC host Rachel Maddow. Johnston said they found the president's 1040 form “in the mail,” a story Trump wasn't buying as they took aim at Maddow's parent network.
“Does anybody really believe that a reporter, who nobody ever heard of, ‘went to their mailbox' and found my tax returns? @NBCNews FAKE NEWS!” Trump tweeted.
Does anybody really believe that a reporter, who nobody ever heard of, "went to their mailbox" and found my tax returns? @NBCNews FAKE NEWS! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 15, 2017
Johnston's story about finding the tax documents in the mail mirrors how a New York Times reporter was mailed Trump tax info from 1995 in October.
The tax documents, which showed Trump made $153 million in 2005 and paid $36.5 million in income taxes ($38 million in total taxes), did not exactly amount to a bombshell. Their effective rate was close to 25 percent. It appeared so favorable to the president that Johnston -- a longtime reporter who won a Pulitzer Prize in 2001 -- speculated to Maddow it was possible “Donald sent this to me.”
“Donald has a long history of leaking material about themselves when they think it's in their interest,” Johnston said.
Former Trump Deputy Campaign Manager David Bossie told "Fox & Friends" on Wednesday that Johnston's charge was ludicrous.
"That's ridiculous," Bossie said. "President Trump is a very private person. They take their privacy, the safety of their family, and their business empire very seriously."
The White House in a Tuesday night statement called the tax story a sign that Maddow was “desperate for ratings.” A senior administration official added it was “totally illegal to steal and publish tax returns.”
Maddow argued the returns were “not illegally published” and said MSNBC merely exercised its First Amendment right to publish information in the public interest. The unauthorized publishing of federal tax returns is a criminal offense that can be punished by five years in jail or a fine of up to $5,000.
Most of the post-reveal chatter focused on how Maddow overhyped the report and took too long -- about 20 minutes -- to even break the story on their own show, a delay that allowed other publications and TV shows to report on the tax news ahead of them
The "Legal Insurrection" website mocked Maddow with the headline "Rachel Maddow's career committed suicide live on national TV tonight."
"If anything, Maddow helped Trump by showing they paid $38 million in taxes on $150 million of income. Hardly the narrative the Democrats like," William A. Jacobson wrote.
Donald Trump Jr. sent out a slew of tweets lambasting the Maddow segment and highlighting the millions of dollars in taxes their dad was proven to have paid. The narrative that Trump paid little or no taxes has dogged Trump since the GOP primary battle. Trump has so far refused to release their taxes, saying the documents are under audit.
"BREAKING NEWS: 12 years ago @realDonaldTrump made a lot of money and paid a lot in taxes #scandal #thankyouMaddow," Trump Jr. tweeted.
Can you imagine what the outcry would be if @SnoopDogg, failing career and all, had aimed and fired the gun at President Obama? Jail time! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 15, 2017
Trump turned from the tax debacle in a subsequent Wednesday tweet, also taking aim at rapper Snoop Dogg – who took literal aim at an actor dressed up as Trump in a new music video, pretending to shoot the man.
“Can you imagine what the outcry would be if @SnoopDogg, failing career and all, had aimed and fired the gun at President Obama? Jail time!” Trump wrote.
Trump also previewed their Wednesday travel schedule and boasted of their early successes in bringing auto manufacturing jobs back to America.
“Will be going to Detroit, Michigan (love) today for a big meeting on bringing back car production to State & U.S. Already happening!” Trump tweeted.
They added: “Looking forward to a big rally in Nashville, Tennessee, tonight. Big crowd of great people expected. Will be fun!”
Weekly Update 2016-12-06
A few new products this week.
AK-47
Price: (currently unavailable)
We haven't had an AK in stock for a long, long time - well over a year, in fact. The reason - prices.
AKs are a very cyclical market.
Most these days are imported from Serbia and Romaina, where they are built from communist-era kits. They come in enormous quantities, usually once or twice a year, and while they are there, wholesale prices dip to as low as $450, with the corresponding Internet prices hovering just above $500 (plus shipping and transfer).
And after the shipment is sold out, the wholesale prices would go up dramatically - to just under $600, with retail prices to match.
During these periods we would typically not have any AK-47s in stock. Of course, we special-order them for people who ask, but I am loath to have a rifle in stock for which I paid $600 when the current street price on it drops to $550.
Last week, however, I was able to grab a shipment of new Century RAS47s for a lot cheaper than usual, so we can offer them for under $600 again.
These are Century part # RI2403-N, the current lowest internet price on them is $639 - before shipping and transfer - and the regular wholesale is $587.
We only have 5 in stock, and this deal is not likely to repeat - so hurry!
Ruger receivers
(Please note - the picture is stock, I have not yet seen them myself, so I am not sure what the actual markings are).
Price: (currently unavailable)
We have gotten 30 Ruger branded receivers in stock. These are new-new-new - Ruger have just started shipping these, so they are the first in Seattle area. Pair them with Ruger's MSR Elite 452 trigger ((currently unavailable)) for a perfect rifle.
Armscor 1911s
We have gotten one Armscor 1911 Ultra in 10mm.
Price: (currently unavailable)
Here are the maiden 25 rounds of Armscor 10mm from mine at 25 yards.
This is technically a 5" group of 25, but if you ignore the first round which I by mistake fired without cleaning the barrel from its factory grease, it becomes a 3.7" group of 24 shots. I call this not bad.
In general, Armscor makes excellent 1911s at prices that are more or less impossible to beat. We have quite a few in stock - pay particular attention to prices on GI and Tactical models.
Sub2000
Price: $339.95 (special order)
40S&W, Glock mags.
This is a holiday season, and I still have this gun. Why?
Glock 17L
Price: (currently unavailable)
We are on our last 3. The next opportunity to buy them will be 3 years from now.
Moar deals
Black Friday deals are gone, but watch for the new Savage coupon covering the period after 12/3. I am going to post it in the holiday deals tomorrow.
Also coming this week - AR15 bolts and 50 Anderson lowers. We should have everything accepted into the inventory and available for sale by the end of the week. Our standard prices on AR15 bolts is $99.95, and Anderson lowers $59.95.
It's hard to explain what is so fascinating about fire trucks, maybe it's the size, the bright red paint, or the fact that they save lives. Whatever it is, there is just something cool about them. Part of what makes this 1923 REO Speedwagon fire truck interesting, is the mystery behind its history. It wasn't put into service until 1959, so it was parked for 36 years before being used. It has been kept indoors for the vast majority of its life. The seller has gotten it running and even drives it regularly. So, if you have ever wanted to have a fire truck of your own you had better take a look here on eBay.
When the current owner found this truck, it was complete but rough. They didn't do much to the body, other than straightening a few pieces out. The drivetrain on the other hand, has completely gone through and is all sorted out. The seller seems to believe this isn't the original motor, which wouldn't be surprising. It looks great and appears to be period correct though.
Most people would only drive this in parades and to car shows, but we could see ourselves taking it to run errands. We wouldn't want to take it far, as there's more wagon here then there is speed. It tops out around 45 mph, but it would be a head turner everywhere it goes. Would you drive it regularly too or are we just crazy?
Ingrown hairs can be an incredible annoyance to both men and women. They always seem to crop up at the wrong time and it can be a nightmare to get rid of them.
We recently compiled a ridiculously detailed ingrown hair survival guide, check out here: The Ultimate Guide To Preventing, Dealing With, And Getting Rid Of Ingrown Hairs
If you're looking for specific creams that you can put on ingrown hairs either to prevent them or to help get rid of them, keep reading.
There are a number of things you can do to both prevent and stop ingrown hairs from getting worse (exfoliating, using the right hair removal method for your skin etc), but sometimes you need the help of a specially formulated cream to keep the ingrown hairs at bay.
There are 5 of these creams we feel are the best at getting the job done.
No matter where you look, you'll find Tend Skin Solution on any ingrown hair treatment list.
It's specially designed to prevent and treat ingrown hairs, though it also does the same for razor burn and bumps amazingly well.
Test the solution on a small bit of skin before using it everywhere. Also make sure your skin is DRY.
If after 5 minutes there's no reaction then you're safe to use it anywhere.
Fantastic for both men and women as it can be used on the neck, the underarms, the bikini line, legs etc. and a perfect lotion to keep in your routine as something to apply after shaving or waxing.
It's hard to say anything bad about this product as the reviews are stunning, it's a trusted brand and it can be used by anyone.
If we could give a warning It's that you please don't use it if you are allergic to aspirin or are pregnant, and don't use it along with other similar products (or it won't work as well!)
This option comes in a really convenient “no touch” spray bottle, so you can simply spray the lotion on as opposed to having to rub it in.
It's made of aloe, orange flower extract, soybean extract and witch hazel that gives a fantastic resulting moisture and smoothness. It also smells like a dream.
The Sally Hansen Zero bumps is used best right after shaving/epilating/waxing as a preventative to ingrown hairs and razor burn. The results really are visible in the complete lack of irritation!
Again, we recommend you do a little test before using this regularly to make sure you're not allergic.
What's great about the PFB Vanish is that it not only deals with ingrown hairs and razor burn, but also dark spots that may appear after an ingrown hair.
Ingrown hair scarring is terrible, so It's great to have something that can at least relieve the darkness left on the skin.
It's quite an aggressive solution so we recommend using exfoliating gloves if you want to rub it in.
The actual solution acts as a kind of exfoliator too, so expect a little skin peeling.
Preventing ingrown hairs and lightening previously incurred scars is amazing to get from one product.
Unlike some of the other products, the Shobha Ingrown Relief lotion is free from color, parafens and odor. So it won't smell amazing, but it won't stink either!
This lotion is made to prevent ingrown hairs and also to fight them when they appear.
It both keeps the skin hydrated and healthy, while removing the upper layers of dead skin that are usually the cause of ingrown hairs.
With a solid 4.5/5 stars on Amazon, and at this price, its one of the best value creams out there.
A little pricier than most, but it costs more for a reason.
This ingrown hair gel is touted by Gisele Bundchen, claiming It's what helps them stay smooth on swimsuit photo shoots.
It's made of all natural ingredients: chamomile, sage, vitamin E and lavender so shouldn't irritate your skin and claims to be able to remove ingrown hairs in 2 days.
What they mean by this is that when a hair gets trapped under the skin (becoming ingrown), this serum will release it so that it can continue to grow and stop causing inflammation.
The consumer feedback for this is pretty strongly positive, with even the negatives having to admit that it works well.
We put this last because of its price, but for amazing results it should certainly be at the top.
BofA to cut at least 40,000 jobs
The layoffs reflect Bank of America's deepening woes and are likely to take a heavy toll on its California operations.
California has the highest concentration of BofA branches in the U.S. with 956 throughout the state, though it has been losing ground in recent years to rivals like Wells Fargo & Co. and JPMorgan Chase & Co.
Bank of America has 45,000 employees in the state, about 1 in 6 of its nearly 300,000-person workforce, and is expected to roll out the job cuts over the next several years. The company, which for years was based in San Francisco and maintains its huge mortgage unit in Calabasas, also is in the process of closing 10% of its branches nationwide.
The layoffs will come mainly from the BofA's sprawling consumer-banking operations, which will take a heavy toll on branches, loan centers and other offices throughout California.
Bank of America Corp. is preparing to slash 40,000 or more jobs nationwide, a dramatic retrenchment that reflects the deepening woes of the country's largest bank and the magnitude of the U.S. economic slowdown.
Bank of America has 45,000 employees in California and is expected to roll… (Kevin Lamarque / Reuters )
The layoffs are another blow to California, with its battered economy and nearly 12% unemployment rate. From tellers to middle managers, laid-off Bank of America employees are likely to have a tough time finding new jobs.
"We don't need to lose any jobs in this environment, whether in financial services or anywhere else," said Esmael Adibi, a Chapman University economist.
The details of the cutbacks were not officially announced, but the information was disclosed by three Bank of America executives who have been briefed on the plan but were not authorized to speak publicly. Brian Moynihan, Bank of America's beleaguered chief executive, is expected to unveil details at an investor conference Monday in New York.
Investors sent shares of the BofA down 3.1% to $6.98 on Friday on a day banks led the overall market sharply lower on more worries about global economies falling into a recession. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 303.68, or 2.7%, to 10,992.13
Executives met at the bank's Charlotte, N.C., headquarters Thursday and Friday to finalize the plan, which has been under discussion for months. Moynihan is grappling with how to wring more profit from the bank's core customer base, which includes about 58 million consumer and small-business accounts.
At least one analyst said the cutbacks could weigh heavily on BofA's millions of Southern California customers, who would have to deal with fewer branches and longer lines for tellers.
"You're definitely going to see decreased service levels for consumers," said Christopher Whalen, a bank analyst at Institutional Risk Analytics. "They're talking about either closing branches or reducing the head count in the branches."
Moynihan hopes to fashion a smaller but more focused company that can withstand the fallout from its disastrous 2008 takeover of mortgage lender Countrywide Financial Corp. in Calabasas. The home-lending unit has run up $30 billion in losses, and faces billions more in potential liability from a barrage of mortgage-related lawsuits.
Federal regulators and private investors allege that Countrywide misled them about the quality of loans and bonds tied to high-risk mortgages bought during the housing boom. Earlier this month, federal regulators sued Bank of America and 16 rivals, contending that the banks sold loans to housing goliaths Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac under false pretenses.
Bank of America's retrenchment is also being driven by the slack U.S. economy and darkening outlook for the banking industry. Intensifying worries about its prospects have cut Bank of America's stock price by more than half since mid-January, a far larger hit than its peers have suffered.
The San Francisco 49ers contacted Alabama offensive coordinator, Lane Kiffin, to discuss the possibility of them joining Chip Kelly's coaching staff in the same job title, according to a source with knowledge of the situation. The specifics are unclear as to exactly what happened, but contact was made.
Kiffin, like Chip Kelly, is a polarizing figure among football fans and media, with very few neutral opinions. Kiffin, who may have acted hastily in leaving Tennessee for their "dream job" at USC very well could have matured since then. In taking a back seat to Nick Saban, there is a belief that they are biding their time until the next big opportunity presents itself.
That being said, it's not certain that the 49ers offensive coordinator position is a big enough opportunity for Kiffin with the way things are trending in Tuscaloosa. The 49ers discussed the OC position with Kiffin a year ago, but they elected to return to Alabama. National Signing Day is February 3, two weeks from Wednesday, so if Kiffin is going anywhere, we'll find out very soon.
Kiffin has been the offensive coordinator under Nick Saban for two seasons after being dramatically fired near/on the tarmac in their third season as the head coach of USC. They had previously spent six seasons at USC under Pete Carroll before their two seasons in Oakland and one in Tennessee, both of the latter as head coach. It has already been determined that Kelly will likely be calling plays for the 49ers offense, so as offensive coordinator, what exactly would Kiffin be doing other than learning a new system with a franchise that has instability at the quarterback position?
The fact that Kelly would discuss options with Kiffin is no surprise. Kelly spent some time with the Alabama program prior to the Championship game during their preparation and their name was mentioned by Kirk Herbstreit during the broadcast.
You're seeing more tempo tonight from Alabama than you typically see. Lane Kiffin had worked, actually in the last week, with Chip Kelly. Chip Kelly visited Tuscaloosa and one of the things they talked about is what tempo can do to a Clemson defense. And you've seen a lot of evidence of that tempo tonight.
When asked about the visit, Kiffin replied:
It was good to have Chip come in and just spend some time with him, talk about some different things. It was really good to see him. I've always had a good relationship with them and it's always good to be able to bring some people in to get some ideas from.
Multiple names have been connected with Kelly as possible offensive coaches. Kelly's quarterbacks coach in Philadelphia, Ryan Day, is one option. Former Cleveland Browns offensive coordinator John DeFilippo is another option who already had an interview with the 49ers. Kiffin is not in a position where they have to desperately cling to any opportunity presented. Nonetheless, it is interesting that Chip Kelly at least reached out about it.
Peanut Butter and Jelly Ice Cream Sandwiches
We made it through another week! Anyone has any good plans for this weekend? Me? I'll be eating my weight in these ice cream sandwiches and possibly doing my taxes. And IF I manage to get my taxes completed (notice the “if” is emphasized), well then I will have beaten my previous record by a whopping 2 1/2 weeks. Yes, I'm that person pulling their hair out at the eleventh hour on April 14th. Every.single.year. And you all thought I was so organized.
Anyways, let's talk about something more pleasant than taxes. Like dessert.
If you follow along with me on Instagram, you might have noticed that I snuck out to Portland, Oregon last weekend for a little adventure. Portland is one of my favorite West Coast cities (although Seattle still gets top ranking in my book!). And part of the reason for that, not surprisingly, is because Portland has such a vibrant and eclectic food scene.
One of the best places I hit up on my trip was Salt & Straw, an ice cream shop with a dizzying array of unique flavor combinations. I highly recommend checking it out if you're in the area. The folks at the scoop shop are super generous and let me try out a bunch of different flavors. One that really stood out in my mind was the Strawberry Honey Balsamic with Black Pepper. So you KNOW that I had to re-create it at home.
And you also know that I can never leave well enough alone. So not only did I re-create the ice cream, but then I smashed it between some peanut butter cookies for the ultimate Peanut Butter and Jelly Ice Cream Sandwiches. Can I get a heck yeah!
Anyone. Please. Come on. Don't leave me hanging.
Moving on.
For the ice cream, I started with my all-time favorite non-custard base. Then I created a quick sauce that incorporates all the flavors from the ice cream shop's version and swirled it right in. It's so darn pretty. I just die.
The thick ribbons of sauce reminded me of strawberry jam, so that's when I got the idea to throw some classic peanut butter cookies into the mix. And what a good idea it was! {insert: humble brag}.
If my mom had put THESE babies in my lunch box as a kid, I would have been a much happier and more well adjusted child. Just saying.
Cheers,
Liz
Recipe for the cookies barely adapted from Gimme Some Oven
Nine seasons of How I Met Your Mother and its super-sweet, super-long story wrapped up one year ago—on March 31, 2014. Upon airing the one-hour series finale, fans took to social media to express their oh-so-divisive emotions. And boy, was it divisive!
In case you miraculously forgot what happened, here's the gist: Even after the show devoted its final season to their wedding weekend, Robin and Barney's marriage doesn't make it. In the end, the Mother dies and Ted ends up with Robin.
In honor of the one-year mark, a few of us at the EW Community decided to take a look back at the show's ending. Here we go, from love to loathe:
“A beautiful love story”
I'm going to say something VERY controversial: I LOVED the HIMYM finale. Personally, I think the entire series told a beautiful love story. I realize why people were angry, but truthfully, to me, it felt so forced that I waited around for 10 seasons, only to be introduced to Ted and the Mother's actual story in the final episodes.
No, the real love story was Ted and Robin's, and it was perfect. T and R knew they were in love with each the moment they met at MacLaren's. But they wanted different things in their lives at different times, so it didn't make sense for them to be together when they were young. When they were older and had accomplished everything they wanted in life, they could be together again. (And don't be sad about the mother, because I think they got to meet back with the love of their life too.)
It wouldn't have made sense for Ted to tell Robin they loved them in the first episode and have them continue to go back to them so many times if the story weren't actually about them. —Cara Cooper
“I never liked the mother”
In a word? Satisfied. And I suspect plenty of fans felt the same, but didn't take to Twitter to vent/rant/share.
You should know I never liked the Mother. Compared with most of Ted's exes—charming Victoria, glorious Stella, even complicated Zoe—Tracy was just Lady Ted, sappy and sentimental, an ace at telling dad jokes. They were a footnote in Ted's story, start to finish, and I didn't feel much of anything when they died.
I placed my bet along with Marshall that Ted would end up with Robin, even after that was seemingly squashed in episode one. It took decades to get there, but it felt right. Sure, it sucks that Robin and Barney didn't end up happily ever after, but that's not reality. Some couples divorce. Some parents grow apart from friends. And some people find, or reconnect with, their soul mate late in life. —Wendy Hathaway
“Last season was a waste”
Truthfully, I was a diehard Ted and Robin fan. I wanted them to be together, but I expected and accepted that wouldn't happen because Robin wasn't the mother. Therefore, when I first saw the finale I liked it. I was glad Ted and Robin finally got their happy ending together. However, I quickly realized the whole last season was a waste because Robin and Barney didn't even stay married that long. Moreover, the finale showed the group's whole future and the death of the mother in the span of an hour, something they could've used the whole season for. Last, the mother was basically just a surrogate so Ted could have kids, and they killed the mom so they could be with Robin. I wanted Ted and Robin to be together, but not at the cost of ruining a show I otherwise loved. —Zakiya Jamal
“All five characters regress in the span of an hour”
After watching How I Met Your Mother for several years and seeing these characters grow, it was disappointing to watch all five characters regress in the span of an hour. Robin and Lily's rock-solid friendship waned, Ted seemingly valued Robin over the mother, and the worst of all might be Barney.
Barney started the series as a womanizer who hated the idea of relationships. They grew to be kind, nurturing, and open to getting married. Yet the minute their marriage ended with Robin, they reverted back to their old ways, like the last nine years didn't happen. It's hard to believe that Barney didn't change. Barney spent nine years growing and had outgrown their womanizing ways. The fact that having a baby (which is something Robin couldn't give Barney) was the one thing that ultimately changed Barney for the better is very upsetting. —Justin Carreiro
“What it did to Robin—sad dog lady”
I have a long list of what I hated about the HIMYM finale. At the top is what it did to Robin Scherbatsky. What is truly unforgivable is how “Last Forever” reduced the fiercely independent Robin to a sad dog lady who couldn't handle seeing Ted happy with Tracy. They vanished from the gang's lives. The whole show, we had been told that Robin was around Ted's kids from a young age … and the finale negated it. It turned them into a lonely career woman who pined for the one who got away. A woman who sat around hoping Ted would finally come for them The look of relief on their face when Ted finally DOES show up with the blue French horn was supposed to make us cry, but all it did was make me sick to my stomach over the complete decimation of a once wonderful character. —Kim Rogers
“The treatment—or lack thereof—for the mother”
Yes, I'm still bitter. Maybe it was all a massive joke? From the get-go, we're going to let you know that the mother is not, I repeat, not Robin, but we'll put you through the ringer with the ups and downs of their relationship with Ted—never letting you get fully attached, because, you know, she's not the mother. BUT in the end, they turn out to be the love of Ted's life … or so we're meant to think. Ugh. But you know what really burns me (it still does)? The treatment—or lack thereof—for the real mother, Tracy (the absolutely adorable Cristin Milioti).
Tracy was the bright spot in an otherwise horrible final season. In the midst of Robin and Barney's wedding-weekend mayhem, we get a peek into Tracy and Ted's relationship—all the gooey, sappy stuff. And she's perfect for Ted. The audience falls in love with her—and then in the last five minutes, we learn they die and BOOM, Ted is off to declare their love for Robin. (Although years have passed since Tracy's death.) But for us, the fans, we have ZERO time to mourn. It's heartbreaking—and all it does is make me angry. And for those of you who say it's reality—people die, divorce, etc.—this was a TV show! A comedy, no less. It should have ended happily—for all. See: Parks and Recreation. —Joanna Skrabala
As you can see, we're all a bit divided—while some love the ending, others still feel the pain. It's your turn to weigh in. Vote in our poll and sound off below!
An incident at Liverpool John Lennon airport has caused a 'security alert'.
Passengers are reportedly being kept on their flights due to the incident.
A spokesperson for the airport said that it was a police incident.
Merseyside Police has been contacted for more information.
ECHO reporter Jenny Kirkham is currently on their way to the airport and w e'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story.
For the latest news and breaking news visit http://www.liverpoolecho.co.uk/news/.
Get all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you.
Follow us on Twitter @LivECHONews - the official Liverpool ECHO Twitter account - real news in real time.
We're also on Facebook/theliverpoolecho - your must-see news, features, videos and pictures throughout the day from the Liverpool ECHO.
WASHINGTON — Ajit Pai, the chairperson of the Federal Communications Commission, is taking the next steps to unwind Obama-era rules and other regulatory efforts that had restricted the abilities of telecommunication companies and broadcasters.
With two items up for vote on Thursday that are expected to pass, Mr. Pai is carrying forward a swift Republican attack on telecom rules. The rollback will empower big telecom and media firms that have lobbied aggressively for deregulation, but consumer groups say it may also eventually put consumers at risk of higher prices and fewer options for services and media.
Since being appointed by President Trump in January to lead the commission, Mr. Pai has abolished a plan to open the cable box market, suspended several participants from a program for low-income broadband subsidies, and chipped away at net neutrality, which guarantees consumers equal access to all internet content. A proposal to roll back net neutrality rules is expected as soon as this month.
“In just three months, he's taken many steps to reduce choices for consumers, make services more expensive or roll back the rights people thought they had online,” Phillip Berenbroick, the senior policy counsel at Public Knowledge, a left-leaning consumer group, said of Mr. Pai.
Portuguese sweet bread
Portuguese sweet bread (Portuguese: pão doce "sweet bread" or massa sovada "kneaded dough") is bread made with milk, sugar, eggs, yeast, flour and sometimes lemon peel to produce a subtly sweet lightly textured loaf or rolls. A slightly different recipe is made during Easter that is known as folar and often contains a hard-boiled egg.[1][2]
Portuguese sweet bread is traditionally made around Christmas, and the Easter version is made around Easter, but it is also available year-round. It is traditionally baked in a stone oven known as a forno.[3]
The bread is usually served simply with butter and is sometimes served with a rice pudding known as arroz doce.
Portuguese sweet bread is common in areas with large populations of Portuguese Americans and Portuguese Canadians, such as New England, Hawaii, northern New Jersey, southern Florida, California, and Ontario, Canada especially Toronto, and it is prominent in Hawaiian and New England cuisines. At one time, Hawaii featured numerous fornos for baking Portuguese breads constructed by Portuguese immigrants.[3] The California-based company King's Hawaiian and numerous regional bakeries produce Portuguese sweet bread.[4]
See also [ edit ]
Folar, the Easter version of Portuguese sweet bread
Fougasse
References [ edit ]
When Saudi Arabia's veteran foreign minister, Prince Saud al-Faisal, made no annual address to the United Nations General Assembly last week for the first time ever, their unspoken message could hardly have been louder.
For most countries, refusing to give a scheduled speech would count as little more than a diplomatic slap on the wrist, but for staid Saudi Arabia, which prefers back-room politicking to the public arena, it was uncharacteristically forthright.
Engaged in what they see as a life-and-death struggle for the future of the Middle East with arch-rival Iran, Saudi rulers are furious that the international body has taken no action over Syria, where they and Tehran back opposing sides.
Unlike in years past, they are not only angry with permanent Security Council members China and Russia, however, but with the United States, which they believe has repeatedly let down its Arab friends with policies they see as both weak and naive.
Like Washington's other main Middle Eastern ally, Israel, the Saudis fear that President Barack Obama has in the process allowed mutual enemies to gain an upper hand.
The alliance between the US, the biggest economy and most powerful democracy, and Saudi Arabia, the Islamic monarchy that dominates oil supplies, is not about to break.
But, as happened 40 years ago when an Opec oil embargo punished US war support for Israel, Riyadh is willing - albeit without touching energy supplies - to defy Washington in defence of its regional interests. The two have been at odds over Egypt since the Arab Spring, and increasingly so on Syria, where Saudi Arabia could now do more to arm Sunni Muslim rebels.
The real focus of Saudi anger is the Shi'ite Muslim clerics who have preached Islamic revolution since coming to power in Tehran 34 years ago, and whose hands Riyadh sees orchestrating political foes in half a dozen Arab countries.
Already aghast at U.S. reluctance to back rebels fighting Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, Tehran's strongest Arab friend, Saudi princes were horrified to see Washington reaching out to Hassan Rouhani, the new Iranian president, last month.
"The Saudis' worst nightmare would be the administration striking a grand bargain with Iran," said former diplomat Robert Jordan, who was US ambassador to Riyadh from 2001 to 2003.
Although any meaningful US-Iranian rapprochement looks distant, Obama telephoned Rouhani, an emollient self-described moderate, during the United Nations General Assembly.
The Saudis now fear Obama may be tempted to thaw ties with Tehran by striking a deal to expand inspections of its atomic sites in return for allowing Iranian allies to go on dominating Arab countries such as Lebanon, Syria and Iraq. That such a bargain has never been publicly mooted from within the Obama administration has not stopped Saudis voicing their concerns.
"I am afraid in case there is something hidden," said Abdullah al-Askar, chairperson of the foreign affairs committee in Saudi Arabia's advisory parliament, the Shoura Council. "If America and Iran reach an understanding it may be at the cost of the Arab world and the Gulf states, particularly Saudi Arabia."
Askar stressed they were not privy to government thinking on the issue and was speaking in a purely personal capacity.
The US has no interest in alienating the Saudis. But as it balances priorities, some friction may be unavoidable - friction that worries Washington less than before, as rising U.S. domestic oil output makes it less beholden to Riyadh.
In a rare appearance, King Abdullah, who is aged about 90, was shown on state television on Monday meeting Egypt's visiting military-backed interim head of state, Adly Mansour.
Their words, carried prominently in Saudi media on Tuesday, were a forceful condemnation of the "terrorism, delusion and sedition" of Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood, which was ousted from government by the armed forces in July after street protests.
That even these comments conveyed a clear subtext of Saudi-U.S. friction showed how far the two allies' differences extend today on issues across the Middle East.
It was Obama's decision not to back Egyptian military strongman Hosni Mubarak against mass protests in early 2011 that first infuriated the Saudi royals, inspiring in them a sense of betrayal as they saw a mutual friend abandoned by Washington.
The American president's willingness to work with Mohamed Mursi, the Muslim Brotherhood figure elected Egypt's president last year, further vexed the Saudis, who see the organisation as a direct threat to their dynastic rule.
The kingdom was critical of US support for the rule of the modern Islamists of the Brotherhood in Egypt and privately contemptuous of Washington's qualms about July's military takeover in Cairo.
When US politicians suggested cutting aid to Egypt after Mursi was ousted, Riyadh offered to make up for any lost funds, undermining American Middle East policy and signalling it was prepared to go its own way. US aid may be cut but since July, Saudi Arabia has given $5 billion, three times as much as Washington's annual contribution.
"Usually the Saudis will not make any decision against US advice or interests. I think we're past this stage. If it isn't in our interests, we feel no necessity to bow to their wishes," said Mustafa Alani, an Iraqi analyst at the Gulf Research Centre in Jeddah with close ties to the Saudi security establishment.
Alani recited a litany of Saudi complaints, from Obama's failure to press Israel to end settlement building in the West Bank to their support for Arab Spring revolutions that toppled Egyptian and Tunisian autocrats who had supported US policy.
But, like many prominent Saudis, they were most concerned by Obama's approach to the crisis in Syria, a conflict viewed in the kingdom as a defining battle for Middle East supremacy between pro-Western leaders and non-Arab Iran.
For more than a year, Saudi officials have pleaded with Washington to enter the conflict, either with direct air strikes or the imposition of a no-fly zone, or by giving significant military aid to the mainly Sunni rebels.
When hundreds of civilians died in a chemical weapons attack in August, the Saudis were convinced this breach of a "red line" Obama had set last year would, finally, force tough US action.
The subsequent Russian-brokered deal to dismantle Assad's chemical weapons and thus avert air strikes was a bitter blow for Riyadh, whose main strategy in Syria had been to coax its American ally into the war.
That fractious backdrop explains the worry senior Saudis felt at Obama's flirtation with Rouhani in New York last month.
After years of counselling their closest foreign friends to beware Iran's rulers, describing them as "unstable", "meddling", "the head of the snake", in various diplomatic cables released by Wikileaks, they fear their advice is going unheeded.
For Saudi Arabia, the stakes seem high. Regional rivalry with Iran has played out with increasing venom.
Over the past decade the Saudis have watched with alarm as Iran's allies among the Arabs have grown in strength, dominating politics in Lebanon and Iraq and staging rebellions in Bahrain and Yemen in a move that seems to encircle Saudi Arabia.
They also fear Tehran is taking direct action against the kingdom itself: fomenting unrest among its Shi'ite minority; plotting to assassinate its envoy in Washington; and planting a spy ring in the country. Tehran has denied all those claims.
"If the US is really soft on Iran and letting Iran's friends win in Syria, what conclusions will Gulf governments draw?" one senior diplomat in the Gulf said some weeks ago.
The Saudis were concerned "about an eventual possible deal between Washington and Iran", they added, saying: "They will see what happens in Syria as a sign of that."
For Riyadh, Obama's acceptance of the UN chemical weapons deal with Damascus signalled the US had indeed gone soft.
"It's not about the principle of Iran negotiating with the US. We know this will happen sooner or later," said Alani.
"But it's coming at the wrong time, when this president has already been tested by the Iranians and Russians and proved they cannot stand up for their principles or protect our interests."
Former diplomats in Saudi Arabia argue that whatever the bumps in the road, that situation remains largely unchanged.
"The Saudis are very skilful politicians. They wouldn't be in power otherwise," said one who argued Washington would heed Saudi concerns. "Most American administrations, Republican or Democrat, listen to the Saudis and their advice on many things, including the Iranians - who they can trust and who they can't."
Yet the example of Saudi Arabia's divergence from the US line on Egypt suggests the kingdom may now be inclined to push against US policy in other areas, particularly on Syria.
Next Wednesday marks the 40th anniversary of the Arab oil embargo, when Gulf exporters blocked energy sales to penalise US support for Israel against the Arabs in the Yom Kippur War.
Today, the importance of steady oil supplies is one area where Washington and Riyadh are fully in sync, but Saudi Arabia might be prepared to push its own interests in other ways.
Several analysts and diplomats in the Gulf said the US had pressed Riyadh not to deliver "game-changing" weapons such as surface-to-air missiles to Syrian rebels, fearing they would fall into the hands of the Islamist militants.
Alani said that was one area where Saudi rulers may consider going their own way, particularly, they noted, as minor divisions within the family over how far to trust Obama had receded.
"There's not even one senior prince sympathising with them any more," they said. "They think they have lost their head."
How far such a move would alter the balance of the conflict in Syria is unclear. But it could spell a renegotiation of the US-Saudi relationship, one of the most enduring in the Middle East, said former US ambassador Jordan. The two may now become less willing to heed each other's concerns on other issues.-Reuters
Like the Piedmonter's Facebook page for neighborhood news and conversation from Piedmont and beyond.
They say you can tell a lot about a person by their coffee order.
So what kind of coffee does Bernie Sanders drink? We learned the answer when they popped into Peet's on a recent Saturday. The September surprise came just before noon in Montclair and shift leader Dorothy Curry (no relation to Stephen) said they ordered a plain coffee. Yep —- no frills for Bernie — and they even turned down a patron's generous offer to buy them a cuppa Joe.
Dine around: Meanwhile, had Sanders stayed for supper, they would have found Montclair's Mountain Boulevard and Antioch Court really heating up in the evenings. From the new restaurant Perle to Flippers, Kakui, and Kouzina, diners are packing these places and taking advantage of the sidewalk seating.
And speaking of hot properties, Daughter Thai on Medau has a Red Rang Challenge that may, singlehandedly, increase sales of Tums. Eat the super spicy meat and noodle dish in 25 minutes and get it free, along with your picture on what I call the wall of “flame” in the bar.
Street talk: La Salle Avenue merchants must be looking over their shoulders, these days. There was yet another car crash outside Hula last month. What is it about this street that seems to confound so many senior drivers? Hula co-owner Andrea Faber says in the latest accident, a car crashed into several vehicles and the driver was stuck in the wreckage for an hour before firefighters took them and their passenger out on stretchers.
Like the Montclarion Facebook page for neighborhood news and conversation from Montclair and beyond.
Scam alert: Reader Carol Heard wants to alert us to an old scam that seems to be resurfacing in Oakland. There've been reports of a man approaching people, sometimes when they're buying gas on International Boulevard, and claiming they found a ring. In one case, it was in a Macy's box with a price tag of $2,000 attached. The man offers to sell the ring for a nominal amount of money, saying he'll pawn it for food if someone doesn't offer to buy it. Of course, the ring is a fake — not the white gold that the tag proclaims.
Generous hearts: Fruitvale businesses, including the local cocktail lounge “Soons,” are raising money for a neighbor whose family lost their Dominican Republic home in Hurricane Irma. Reader Kurt Meyer says it's been easy to raise money for Diogenes Almonte-Artiles, (aka Dios) who works at a popular Puerto Rican cafe in the neighborhood. A large tree toppled on their family's modest home in Puerto Plata and Dios's sister says there's no aid for families to rebuild.
Hot ticket: High demand has extended the run, yet again, for Berkeley Rep's smash hit “Ain't Too Proud.” The musical story of the biggest R&B crossover group of all time — The Temptations — will run through Nov. 5 at the Roda Theatre. I guarantee you'll be awestruck by this performance — for the music, the moves and the emotional highs and lows of the Temptations rise to fame in the tumultuous 1960s.This musical outshines even “Jersey Boys” for its raw emotion, storyline and sheer number of songs that make you feel intense joy and sorrow. It's a textbook example of what makes live theater so powerful.
Got news? You can reach Ginny Prior by email at ginnyprior@hotmail.com or on the web at ginnyprior.com.
7k SHARES Tweet Whatsapp
Get the latest viral stories daily! Like us:
Did you know, just like the Germans and their German Shepherd, Malaysia has their own dog breed too! No, it's not called the Malaysian Shepherd.
Well, the dog breed is called the Telomian, and this dog was said to be referred to as ‘Kampung Dog' by us locals.
Besides the fact that Malaysia actually has its very own dog breed, what's even more amazing is that it's actually the world's rarest dog breed!
So, what exactly is a Telomian?
Well, the Telomian is a dog that was originally bred as vermin-controlling hunting dogs by the Orang Asli. Bred from dingoes and feral dogs, the Telomian is not only exotic, but it has unique characteristics too, which we will get into it later.
Source: Dog Learn
Looks wise, the Telomian seems like your average, cute semi-feral dog. It has a small, athletic built with a short and smooth coat. It also has a blue tongue, like the chow chow.
Here's the unique fact about the breed- it can jump and climb higher and better than any cat.
Don't believe us? Take a look at the video, where a Telomian dog is climbing like a pro.
So how did the dog gain such spiderman-like climbing abilities?
Actually, the Telomian dogs are very good climbers because the Orang Asli built homes on stilts to stay safe from dangerous animals. In order to get home, the dogs had to learn how to climb ladders as high as 6 to 8 feet. Thus, the dog breed developed such dexterous paws that it could even open doors.
Moreover, the Telomian doesn't bark!
So if you're afraid of your neighbours complaining about noisy semi feral dogs, worry no more. In fact, for a feral breed, the Telomian has pretty good indoor dog creds. See for yourselves.
Source: dog-learn.
Awesome, I want a purebred Telomian puppy now!
However, it's not so easy of course.
The Telomian is the only dog breed known to be living outside of its home country, Malaysia. In fact, it is so rare, the Telomians in America are direct descendants of two pairs of dogs that were brought over from Tanah Melayu to the US in 1963 and 1973.
But don't give up hope just yet. If you're not keen on the crossbred Telomians available here, you could always go on a quest to find these native purebred Malaysian dogs. Our sources say the breed is sighted in Bruas, Perak as well as in Raub, Pahang. It is also rumoured that Telomians can be found at the Cameron Highlands region. So if you're really interested, then you should probably get exploring our beautiful country!
Also read:Heroic Dog Barks and Scratches Door to Awaken Sleeping Brothers from Blazing Fire
Matias Laba didn't envision their future being in Vancouver when they made the leap to North America, but he's now found a new home with the Whitecaps.
The Whitecaps announced on Thursday that Laba has agreed to a multi-year contract extension that will see them remain with the club for the next few years. Per league policy, the length of the extension was not made public.
"I have truly enjoyed my first two seasons in Vancouver," Laba said in a statement. "I am thankful to Robbo (head coach Carl Robinson) and the club for having faith in me and bringing me here. This club has become like my family and it has a lot of potential to do big things. I look forward to being a part of that."
When Toronto FC signed Jermain Defoe, Michael Bradley, and Gilberto in 2014, the team was left with one more Designated Player than allowed in Laba. After the young midfielder fresh from Argentina found themselves on the outs of a club they had only spent one year with, the Whitecaps swooped in and took him, making Toronto roster compliant once more.
WATCH: A little taste of why we love Matias Laba on and off the pitch. #OurAllOurHonour #VWFC https://t.co/DCuVNAlvbq — Vancouver Whitecaps (@WhitecapsFC) November 12, 2015
Toronto's loss was Vancouver's great benefit. Laba has been an absolute monster in the midfield, leading the league in successful tackles over the course of the last two seasons (303 tackles), 65 more than the midfielder below him. They also rank second in interceptions since 2014 with 168 to their name.
"Since joining the club in late February 2014, Matías has been exceptional both on and off the pitch," Robinson said. "His skill, professionalism, and commitment are exemplary, and we are thrilled they will continue to be a foundational member of Whitecaps FC moving forward."
On Thursday night, Stephen Colbert slammed President Trump over their tweets attacking MSNBC hosts Joe Scarborough and Mika Brzezinski.
“I'm gonna say something right now that I did not think was possible anymore,” they began. “I am shocked by something Donald Trump said.”
Colbert read the tweet out loud in their Trump voice and reacted, “First of all, someone bleeding badly at your door and you say no? It sounds like your health care plan.”
“This is shocking and vicious, so on brand,” they added.
The Late Show host read off some headlines, calling the tweets “vulgar,” “crude,” and a “new low.”
“No, it's the same low,” Colbert responded.
They then cited tweets from Republican Senators Ben Sasse and Lindsey Graham.
Please just stop. This isn't normal and it's beneath the dignity of your office. — Ben Sasse (@BenSasse) June 29, 2017
Mr. President, your tweet was beneath the office and represents what is wrong with American politics, not the greatness of America. — Lindsey Graham (@LindseyGrahamSC) June 29, 2017
“Hold it right there, Lindsey!” Colbert exclaimed. “This is not what's wrong with American politics, okay?… This is what's wrong with the American president.”
They added, “Let's stop pretending that Trump is a symptom of something; he's the disease. And the only cure is three-and-a-half years of liquor and bed rest.”
Watch the clip above, via CBS.
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
Econ nerds, eat your hearts out.
Paul Krugman and Ron Paul just got into it on Bloomberg TV over whose monetary policy views are more dated. Paul struck first, calling the idea that the Federal Reserve could effectively determine what the proper interest rate should be "presumptuous." Then Krugman essentially accused them of living in a fantasy universe.
"You can't leave the government out of monetary policy," Krugman said during the not-quite-epic debate billed as "Paul vs. Paul." "If you think that you can avoid that you're living in the world that was 150 years ago."
Not to be outdone, Paul had some choice words of their own about what era Krugman is living in: "He wants to go back 1,000 years or 2,000 years, just as the Romans and the Greeks or others debased their currency," Paul said.
Krugman zinged back: "I am not a defender of the economic policies of Diocletian," referring to the Roman emperor.
U.S. policymakers established the nation's first central bank in the late 1700s, but the Federal Reserve system as we know it didn't stick until about 1912, according to the Fed's website. Paul advocates returning to the gold standard or a monetary system where currency is pegged to the value of gold, therefore severely limiting the role of the Fed.
The somewhat heated exchange wasn't all that surprising considering Krugman and Paul have almost completely opposite views. Krugman, a left-leaning economist and Nobel laureate, has been known to defend government intervention in the economy and expansive monetary policy in an aim to boost growth. For their part, Paul, a Texas member of congress and Republican candidate for president, is probably the best known advocate for sharply curtailing the role of the Federal Reserve -- their book, after all, is called "End The Fed."
"Powerful subject matter, ambitious production and well thought-out arguments successfully generate an interesting story at the same time as creating an uncomfortable atmosphere that grips the viewer."Ãƒâ€šÃ‚Â MÃƒÆ'Ã‚Â²nica Planas - Diari ARA Link
"At the same time that a new Hollywood comedy about Google is being released with great hullabaloo, Lewis cannot get their film distributed in the United States, even though it was a BBC production and exhibited at the Sundance Film Festival." Ãƒâ€šÃ‚Â David Lawsky, Politics and Tech Link
ÃƒÂ¢Ã¢â€šÂ¬Ã…â€œDans le Livre selon Google, Ben Lewis raconte comment le gÃƒÆ'Ã‚Â©ant du Web a bien failli accaparer une bonne partie des livres numÃƒÆ'Ã‚Â©risÃƒÆ'Ã‚Â©s du monde ÃƒÆ'Ã‚Â son seul profit commercial.ÃƒÂ¢Ã¢â€šÂ¬Ã‚Â Ãƒâ€šÃ‚Â Sophian Fanen, ÃƒÆ'Ã¢â‚¬Â°crans (LibÃƒÆ'Ã‚Â©ration.fr) Link
"Google und die Macht des Wissens" [von Ben Lewis] wendet sich dem Internetgiganten zu, ohne sich von ihm ÃƒÆ'Ã‚Â¼berrumpeln zu lassen, und beschreibt beeindruckend anhand eines einzigen Problems, was mit der Welt, in der wir leben, nicht mehr stimmt." Stefan Schulz, Frankfurter Allgemeine Feuilleton Link
"Ben Lewis sucht in seinem Film Antworten und gibt ÃƒÆ'Ã‚Â¼berraschende Einblicke in ein komplexes Thema." Buchmarkt Link
"Endlessly fascinating and engaging...It's probably the best documentary you'll see all year...I'll be stunned if this doesn't end up on the Oscar doc short-list." Lucas McNelly - Huffington Post Link
"A useful step forward in a conversation most of us don't realize we should be having... Doc offers convincing reasons to pay more attention to Google's utopian schemes." John Defore - The Hollywood Reporter Link
"…well-constructed….The documentary convincingly points out that Google's ambitions aren't entirely philanthropic, but meant to continue to improve their Search algorithms, and find ways to monetise their enormous stores of information… surprisingly effective". Anthony Kaufman - Screen Daily Link
"Whatever Sundance is, it has fine documentaries. 'Google and the World Brain'. A whip-smart examination of the pros and cons of Google's desire to digitize every book on Earth." Kenneth Turan - Critic's Notebook, Los Angeles Times Link
"The message of this beautifully crafted film is that the Internet is exactly half of what you think it is… 'Google and the World Brain' is a masterful documentary. It will undoubtedly have an effect on anyone who sees it." Julie Fischer - Indiewire Link
The Insurance Council says a new law that comes into effect today will create a double standard for injury compensation.
Photo: PHOTO NZ
Under the Sentencing Amendment Act, courts can now order offenders to pay reparation for loss of earnings to victims injured by their crimes, on top of Accident Compensation Corporation (ACC) payments.
The council's chief executive, Tim Grafton, said it was unfair that someone injured in a crash where there was a criminal conviction would be able to get more compensation than a person suffering the same injury when no one was prosecuted.
They said any offence that caused injury, including health and safety breaches in the workplace, could now make people liable for lost earnings.
Shafraz Khan, a lawyer specialising in insurance litigation, agreed that the law change opened the way for employees injured at work to sue their companies for loss of earnings.
"Reparation is going to increase, the amount that is going to be awarded by the courts is going to increase, but these are normally insured under the employer's statutory liability policies, so it is going to increase the risk to insurers."
Mr Khan said in cases where people were unable to work for the rest of their lives, reparation was likely to be very expensive.
Leading Auckland barrister Brian Henry said they were sceptical about the law change.
Mr Henry was the lawyer for the sole survivor of the Panmure RSA killings, Susan Couch, who won compensation from the Corrections Department.
They said they supported any move to help victims, but there may be issues with the new system.
"But the reality is most of the criminals, particularly around the sexual violation-type crimes don't have the resources to pay."
They said victims actually needed to be paid, not place an order that was never fulfilled.
At present, ACC limits claims for loss of earnings to 80 percent of income, up to $1818 a week.
The smallest of the propositions in the 2017 municipal bond program expected to go on the May 2017 ballot may be the one that causes the most stir among voters.
The City Council on Wednesday publicly reviewed for the first time the proposed list of 158 projects in the $850 million proposal slated for next year's ballot. The city plans to spend $20 million in a “neighborhood improvements” category — a proposition not seen before in San Antonio's municipal bond programs. Its thrust would be to create affordable housing in San Antonio.
Unlike the other categories that are expected to go before voters — streets, bridges and sidewalks; drainage and flood control; parks and recreation; and facilities — which include lists of proposed projects, the neighborhood improvements category comprises a dozen geographic areas noteworthy for their distressed properties. But no specific projects in that category will be detailed by the May 6 election.
City officials had to jump through some hoops to arrive at Wednesday's proposal. In 1997, voters here made the city charter more restrictive, amending the city's guiding document to say that the city could sell bonds only for public-works projects for public purposes. The charter was most recently amended in May 2015, and Texas cities can only amend their charters once every two years. Because the upcoming election falls just days short of the two-year period since the charter was last amended, changing the document at the next election would appear improbable.
Officials devised a work-around that they say meets legal muster. In an interview, City Manager Sheryl Sculley said she's unsure whether there could be a legal challenge to the city's proposal for urban renewal and that they believe that voters will be OK with the plan.
“Times change,” they said. “Our community has evolved.”
If voters approve the proposition, through its Office of Urban Revitalization, the city would acquire blighted properties and conduct the requisite demolitions, site improvements and environmental remediation to make them ready for development.
Once the property is ready for development, the city would sell it to either non-profit or for-profit housing developers at fair value to construct affordable housing, Deputy City Manager Peter Zanoni told the council. Fair value is typically lower than fair-market value and is used to encourage development in certain situations.
Councilman Alan Warrick asked whether there would be a minimum percentage of affordable housing under the plan. Ultimately, there may be — if the council chooses to set a level. But that wasn't part of the city's proposal.
“No percentage necessary as long as we can demonstrate and show that there is some affordable housing,” Zanoni said.
Early next year, the council will approve an urban renewal plan, which will prescribe exactly what can be done. Those details could help shape whether the proposition gets the votes it needs for approval.
Some officials privately say they're concerned about the proposition. There's at least some worry that the proposition could harm other traditional infrastructure categories. Councilman Mike Gallagher raised questions about it Wednesday, voicing concerns that voters might be upset with the matter.
“Will the voters know what they're voting on?” they said. “It sounds like we're asking for $20 million and then we'll decide what we're going to do with it.”
Mayor Ivy Taylor said the vast majority of the bond is about addressing the city's streets and drainage. The neighborhood revitalization proposition amounts to less than 3 percent of the entire bond proposal.
“I think we as a community have been looking forward to an opportunity to do something a little innovative and to be more proactive in relation to neighborhood reinvestment, and so I view this as an opportunity to kind of have a pilot program,” they said.
Taylor added that people might be uncomfortable with the “those old-time terms ‘urban renewal,' but that's what the federal government has labeled it, and those are the kind of statutes that we're working within.”
Sculley said council members have expressed interest in using the bond to help create opportunities for affordable housing and see this as a first attempt through a bond program. The charter could get amended again to make it easier for the city and future bond programs could include higher levels of funding, they said.
The other 97 percent of the bond proposal includes $450 million for 59 streets, bridges and sidewalks projects, $144 million for 18 drainage and flood control projects, $116 million for 59 parks and recreation projects and $120 million for 21 facilities projects.
Mike Frisbie, the director of the city's Transportation and Capital Improvements Department, told council members that this bond program will leverage more non-city funds than previous programs. A third of the bond — about $284 million — will be combined with $386 million of non-city funds across 37 projects, they said.
Councilman Ron Nirenberg applauded that leveraging, and inquired about how much of the $386 million was from private sources as opposed to non-city taxpayer dollars. Frisbie said that information wasn't readily available but would be calculated.
Now, citizen oversight committees will begin meeting to discuss the proposal and make their own recommendations to the council in December. In February, the council will call the 2017 bond election, setting ballot language for the May election.
jbaugh@express-news.net
Twitter: @jbaugh
To apply, please take a few minutes to fill out the application. Please note that photos are required.
APPLY NOWClick Here for more information
LIKE US ON FACEBOOK!
IN ADDITION TO FILLING OUT AN APPLICATION, WE RECOMMEND YOU SEND US A VIDEO OF YOU AND YOUR PARTNER AS WELL.
VIDEO GUIDELINES: 30-45 seconds (no longer please)
1. Please film in a quiet room with good lighting.
2. Your recording device should be placed in a position that is about eye-level to you and your partner.
3. To ensure that we can hear you, please keep the recording device within a few feet.
4. Framing should be from the waist up or from the shoulders up. You choose.
5. Stand next to your partner, shoulder to shoulder.
INTRODUCE YOURSELVES:
a. In your introduction, please keep them quick and energetic (we like big smiles). Please include, your names, your occupations and your relationship to each other (spouse? sibling? friend? etc.)
b. Now that you've seen The Wall, please include the following:
– What do you think of the game?
– What would be you and your partners strategy?
– Who would stay on the stage? Who would go back to isolation to answer trivia?
– How much risk do you think you'd take? Would you double up or triple up?
c. Please upload your video to:
https://www.dropbox.com/request/herRdo6FO8gariJVW1mG
Still weighing up whether you should join the Dark Side or not? Well, we might be able to help make your mind up.
If you're looking for a better wage then you might have to start embracing evil. Students at Lehigh University in Pennsylvania worked out how much it would cost to build the Death Star and came up with a figure of $8,100,000,000,000,000 ($8.1 quadrillion!?), which is 13,000 times the world's GDP.
How the hell did they come up with this though?
Well the first one was reported to have measured 140km in diameter and they believed that it was made of steel. They then looked at other modern warships and figured they would have a similar density. They calculated that from the iron in the earth, you could make just over 2 billion Death Stars.
But, before you start getting scared/excited then you need to know that, at today's rate of steel production, it would take 833,315 years to create enough steel to start building.
Patience you must have.
(Image: All Star)
[via Centives]
1) Mercedes are light years ahead
We knew Mercedes were ahead of the field but after three testing sessions everyone's fears were more than realised – they are way ahead. They even shocked the other teams. In the final test they showed what they could do on soft rubber and blitzed the field. Nico Rosberg had the best of the last testing session, completing more laps and going faster than Lewis Hamilton. And both drivers were still admirably dissatisfied with the car. Awesome.
2) McLaren are faltering
Barcelona is full of glories and the most dazzling of them all is the Sagrada Família. When Antoni Gaudi died in 1926 they hadn't completed their ambitious church. It is still not finished but they reckon they will sign it off in about 15 years. I thought of the Sagrada Família watching McLaren this month. The Woking team are still a long way off being ready and even admit they won't be really there until the circus comes to Europe. The trouble is there are four races before then, and everyone else will take another step up for the Spanish Grand Prix in May. The car looks half-decent but Honda are having more teething troubles than they feared, and so is Fernando Alonso. They should be sponsored by AA, someone tweeted. Even when they get the car going it's two seconds behind Mercedes.
3) Ferrari are back
We didn't quite believe those showboating laps in the first test in Jerez but the Prancing Horse really had made a leap forward. There was more bloodletting last year than in the Godfather movies but they have something to show for all the changes they made to the senior staff. From the very first day they caught the eye of other drivers. Mercedes may be the class of the field but Ferrari, Red Bull and Williams should give us plenty of entertainment as they battle it out for the other podium places. Williams might have the edge, which would be a great effort, given their very different budget.
4) We still don't know Red Bull's full hand
Red Bull have been travelling incognito all month, from the moment they appeared in their strange livery for the first test. They didn't give us the low-fuel runs which would have helped gauge their outright pace. Their aero looks very good, as usual, and so does their chassis. But that Renault engine, which gave them so much heartache last year, has not improved as much as they would have hoped. They will hope to make the most of their development tokens later in the year.
5) Lotus are the best of the rest
Lotus were just about the most impressive of the midfield teams, making the most of their switch to Mercedes power. They looked marginally better than Sauber, Toro Rosso and Force India, who came late to the party but made up lost ground and appeared to be as reliable as ever in the last test in Barcelona. The difficulties suffered by Marussia and Caterham last year had a knock-on effect, with suppliers short of cash. That made them ask for money up front from Force India, who had to go cap in hand to Bernie Ecclestone.
6) Manor Marussia will be at the back
At least we know who will be at the front and the back. Manor Marussia will have performed a miracle if they turn up in Melbourne next week, given the scale of their problems last year. But they will be running a modified 2014 car and their lack of running places them at a terrible disadvantage. The problem is will they be fast enough in qualifying to make the actual race?
7) Max Verstappen has real quality
There were some shocked expressions when the 17-year-old was named by Toro Rosso for this year but now we can relax. There was a precocious composure about the way they showed the consistency you normally associate with more experienced drivers. They might be driving for one of the big teams in a few years. Another feather in Red Bull's already exotic plumage. Their academy system really is paying dividends.
8) F1 cars will be faster this season
Forget all those moaners who complained about the lack of noise in 2014 – actually the new hybrid V6s sounded terrific last year. In Jerez they were about one and a half seconds a lap faster than in the test there last year. By the time the season gets into full swing expect the cars to be two or three seconds a lap quicker, thanks to more bhp, more downforce and with all those development tokens still to come. Great news.
9) The golden oldies are still worth their place
The two oldest drivers in the field, the 35-year-olds Kimi Raikkonen and Jenson Button, are still worth their places. Button hasn't had much of a chance yet – though they did manage to pile up 101 laps on the second day of the last test. He's the best man to have in the team as McLaren look for feedback to solve their many problems. Raikkonen showed flashes of their old speed and the normally dour Finn was so chatty their Ferrari team thought they must be sick.
10) Barcelona is one of the best places in the world to eat
It didn't matter how late it was, the overworked mechanics and engineers always found plenty of eating options in Barcelona. And it's not all tapas. I like the local proverb: “Menja be', caga fort i riu-te de la mort,” meaning “eat well, shit hard and laugh in the face of death”.
The entire Makati City Hall shut down its operations on Tuesday as the second suspension order on Mayor Jejomar Erwin “Junjun” Binay was served and posted at the entrance of the City Hall Building by officers of the Department of Interior and Local Government (DILG).
With the metal door at the City Hall entrance rolled down and hundreds of police officers barricading all entrances to the premises before offices opened at 8 a.m., it was impossible to enter the City Hall even for employees wanting to perform their daily job functions.
ADVERTISEMENT
Armed with truncheons and shields, about 700 police officers heavily guarded the entrance of the City Hall building as DILG National Capital Region (NCR) officer-in-charge Maria Lourdes Agustin posted the 12-page suspension order of Binay and 14 other city officials in relation to the investigation of the construction of the Makati Science High School.
Tensions rose as Binay supporters tried to push their way through police barricades shouting “Papasukin niyo kami” (Let us in!) and even throwing monobloc chairs at some of the police officers. But some employees of the city hall claimed that the police were the ones who started the scuffle and pushed the people away from the entrance.
Christine Ramirez, an employee of the Makati Action Center, presented a medical certificate from the Ospital ng Makati showing that they sustained bruises on both their arms after the police officers pushed them with their shields and denied their entrance to the City Hall.
“I just wanted to get inside the building because we have work today,” Ramirez said, noting that the police continued pushing them and the rest of the crown gathered near the entrance of the city hall.
Barangay Carmona Bantay Bayan officer Eric Enriquez, meanwhile, was allegedly hit with a truncheon at the back of their head and was injured.
The tensions were not the only problem at the city hall as numerous clients wanting to avail of the services in the city were furious after knowing that they would not be able to continue with their transactions.
Maria Victoria Manalo, a Makati resident who was supposed to file the necessary documents for a criminal case they have been facing, asked the guards at the Old City Hall building why they were not informed that there were no transactions at the local government unit office.
“We want to get a certification to protect ourselves because we have a meeting with the fiscal on the seventh floor. We did not know that the offices were closed,” they told the Philippine Daily Inquirer in an interview.
The lockdown was also met with rage by city government employees, who lamented that it was the 30th and worried that they would not receive their wages if they failed to come in work.
ADVERTISEMENT
Joey Salgado, Makati City spokesperson, said they would ensure that the city hall employees would receive their wages accordingly.
Binay said the closing of the City Hall offices was out of their control as hundreds of police officers would not allow their employees to get inside the building.
Policemen stationed at the City Hall grounds admitted that they were directed not to let anyone inside the building.
This was not the first heated incident on Tuesday. Detailed police officers personally had an altercation with Vice President Jejomar Binay and their group who circled the Old City Hall building to ask the ground commander, Senior Supt. Elmer Jamias, to remove the barricades around the city hall.
The Vice President was caught on camera pointing their finger at Jamias, telling them that what they were doing was illegal and a way to harass their family and the city government.
But Salgado explained that the Vice President only went down to confront Jamias to tell them that what they were doing was wrong.
“Chief Insp. Gideon Ines refused to let the Vice President in the area so some of the supporters got angry and there was a short scuffle,” Salgado added.
They also noted that the injured residents like Enriquez and Ramirez will file cases against Jamias and their police officers.
Asked about Jamias' plan to file cases of assault upon person in authority and threat and oral defamation against the Vice President and some of their men for the incident on Monday night, Salgado said it is their right.
“But we would like to remind them that the Constitution here in the Philippines should still rule. It seems like their imposing Martial Law-like situation in the city,” the city spokesperson added noting that people should still have the right to assemble and express support to the mayor.
Binay's camp added they have filed a petition asking for a temporary restraining order (TRO) to the Court of Appeals on Monday with them hoping that until a decision is reached, the police and the DILG will respect them.
(With a report from Krixia Subingsubing, trainee)
RELATED VIDEOS
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
LUCKNOW: In their most direct acceptance that they are ready to be Prime Minister, Congress leader Rahul Gandhi on Thursday said that if the party wins the 2014 Lok Sabha election and MPs select them as PM.Though their formulation was too different from their remarks at the Congress plenary in Delhi last week where they said they will accept any responsibility party workers ask them to shoulder, they spelt out what they meant more clearly."In Congress, elected MPs select the PM. After elections, if our party comes to power and the MPs select me, then I will definitely consider it," they told the media in Amethi.The comment comes after the Congress leadership resisted intense pressure from party rank and file to name Rahul as the PM candidate at the January 17 convention. After Congress chief Sonia Gandhi ruled it out on the ground that Congress has no such tradition, Rahul pointed to constitutional precedence of MPs electing the PM.But while they side stepped the demand that they be declared PM candidate, a decision that will pit them against BJP leader Narendra Modi , Rahul had told the Congress meet that accept any responsibility the party gave him.Thursday's remarks, like their address at the AICC, seem intended to assure their party and voters that they are not reluctant to accept the top job and they are not overawed by being up against Modi, a three-time chief minister.Though there is little doubt on who would be Congress's man for the PM's job should Congress return to office, but the fact remains that Rahul is not the officially declared PM candidate, fanning speculation that they are being buffered against a possible poor result.Modi seized on Rahul's decision and attacked them and Sonia for not having the stomach for a fight and alleging that the reluctance is proof of Congress's dipping appeal.Swatting aside comments that they are playing safe, Rahul on Thursday again clarified that the reason behind the Congress decision was procedural by reminding workers that even PM Manmohan Singh was picked by the party MPs."To select the PM is the right of the MPs, and it should stay with them. Selecting a PM nominee before polls is not a democratic system, but part of personality cult," they said.The tradition and convention argument are certainly relevant in Congress's context, but the vocal demand by party seniors as well as workers that Rahul be named PM candidate had prised open the debate.Rahul slammed SP and BSP for 'personality cult' which they said was the reason that democracy was weak in UP."The Samajwadi Party is run by a family while one person controls the affairs of the Bahujan Samaj Party," they said, adding, "In UP, there are only MLAs and they do not have freedom to work properly."However, when pointed that even Congress is run by the Gandhi family, Rahul said the party is not controlled from 10 Janpath (Sonia's residence) and has 'maximum' democracy.Exuding confidence that they would bring Congress back to power in UP, the Congress vice-president said, "Without associating people, neither the democracy will get strong nor development will take place in the state."Attacking BJP, they said, "We got some revolutionary bills passed in Parliament. Those bills were not passed by BJP. Lokpal bill was not passed by BJP, but by us. Whenever a bill comes in the House, BJP opposes it. The only work they (BJP) do is to oppose."
President Obama's campaign on Saturday said they had received donations from more than 700,000 supporters during the week of the Democratic National Convention.
The president's campaign announced the haul in a tweet from Obama's account.
In an email sent late Friday night to supporters the campaign had said they had a goal of “600,000 grassroots donations in one week – and we blew right through it.”
ADVERTISEMENT
Deputy campaign manager Julianna Smoot said the campaign hoped to collect 33,000 more donations to reach their new goal of 700,000 by midnight.
Obama's campaign has intensified their fundraising efforts after being outraised by Romney and the Republican National Committee in recent months.
Reports this week said Romney had raised at least $100 million in August, which would be the third month in a row they have topped the $100 million mark.
Obama set fundraising records four years ago, when they banked $750 million in contributions, but this year their advisers fear that they will be outraised by Romney and the Republican National Committee (RNC).
Pro-Obama super-PACs have also fallen behind groups backing Romney and are also expected to be outspent In the two months ahead of election day.
A report this week said Chicago Mayor and former White House chief of staff Rahm Emanuel would focus their efforts on raising campaign donations from big-money donors, a move which highlights the campaign's fundraising fears.
Polls showed Obama with a modest bounce after the Charlotte convention. A Gallup poll released Friday, a day after the convention concluded, showed Obama edging Romney 48 percent to 45, up from an earlier 47 to 46 percent lead.
But Obama's speech Thursday night was undercut after a disappointing jobs report Friday morning which showed the economy only added
The international Aquarius/SAC-D satellite was successfully launched yesterday (thankfully!). Media coverage was good – except for the almost absolute avoidance of the term ‘salinity' to describe the concentration of salts in the surface ocean that Aquarius will retrieve – oh well. But what is Aquarius going to see, and why is it important?
The most important factor governing the dynamics of any fluid is the equation of state that relates its composition to its density. That ultimately determines the pressure gradients and hence the velocity and circulation. In the atmosphere, the important constituents are temperature and water vapour, while in the ocean it is temperature and salinity. Making seawater warmer or making it fresher (by adding rain or river water) both decrease the density and make the water more buoyant. Similarly, cooling and evaporation both make seawater more dense. Salt also affects the freezing point of water (it is around -1.8ºC for normal seawater, colder still for seawater under pressure), so salinity can affect sea ice evolution too.
The specific definition of salinity itself has subtly changed over time. Originally it was the mass of dry solids left over after all the pure water was evaporated (measured in g/kg or similar), but that is difficult measurement to make on a routine basis. Then it was defined by measuring the Cl– concentration (closely related since NaCl is the dominant salt). More recently, salinity was measured via conductivity (saltier water conducts electricity more readily) and reported in ‘practical salinity units' (psu), and in 2009 the official definition changed again to a new ‘Absolute salinity‘ (see the TEOS-10 website for details). All of these are roughly coherent, but there are subtleties that have become more important as knowledge has increased (for instance, related to the (small) impact of varying carbonate concentrations), and realisation that very small changes in density can have important effects.
In the surface ocean, there are strong salinity gradients across the major currents – water is much fresher on the west side of the Gulf Stream extension than on the east side for instance. Warm core eddies in the South Atlantic are saltier than surrounding sea. The western pacific warm pool is fresher than water in the East Pacific since it rains more there. One important thing to note is that temperature and salinity anomalies are often balanced – that is cold water is often fresh, and warm water is often relatively salty. Since these two factors have opposite impacts on the density it is difficult to judge whether water is more or less dense (which is key to the ocean circulation) just from the temperature alone.
This is important, for instance, in attempts to predict ocean circulation based on current conditions – if you only use temperature information (because we don't yet have good salinity data in real time), then you can incorrectly assume density anomalies that are much too large, or even the wrong sign (this was one of the problems in the Keenlyside et al paper from 2008).
Aquarius will hopefully give a much-needed boost to attempts to track ocean density for these purposes. But there are a lot of other variations that will likely be seen that will give a lot of insight into important ocean dynamics. What is the role of salinity variations in the development of an El Niño event? Can we validate rainfall and evaporation estimates by looking at the change in ocean salinity? Can we quantify sea ice melt by its impact on salt? I'm pretty confident that Aquarius will reveal a far more dynamic picture of sea salt variations than we currently imagine.
Aquarius retrievals are based on passive microwave technology and rely on the fact that salinity affects the thermal emission properties of the ocean surface. These effects are quite subtle, and the range of variability is relatively small, so it has taken many years for the technology to catch up to the need. This is however a first attempt to do this from space, so challenges will undoubtedly remain. (Correction: The ESA SMOS mission (launched in 2009) was in fact the first salinity measurement from space.)
As an aside, NASA has a salinity quiz to test your knowledge. Rather unfortunately I only got 7/10 right, which (at least in two cases) I put down to ambiguities in the questions…. but I'll be interested to see if others do better (we can discuss the details in the comments). There are also some minor errors in the education portion of the Aquarius site (e.g. sea ice has an average salinity of about 5 psu, not zero), so if anyone spots anything else, let us know and I'll try and get it corrected.
It's time the ICC took steps to empower bowlers in ODIs for the sake of the balance of power in the game
If de Villiers can bat for most of an innings, why can't Steyn bowl for a third of one? © Getty Images
The almost routine predictability of ODI cricket was more apparent in the recent World Cup than in any previous tournament I can recall.
Much of this could be attributed to the way the rules are configured to favour batsmen. Two new balls, shorter boundaries, bigger bats, Powerplays, regular scrutiny of the no-ball when a wicket falls, the benefit of the doubt frequently going to the batsman when low catches are claimed.
When you add some atrocious death bowling, usually from the part-time bowlers, it's no surprise that so many batting innings finished with a huge flourish. Over 100 runs in the last ten overs was almost par for the course. Two opening batsmen scored double-hundreds and it seemed like there were so many more big centuries from the top order than before.
Yet arguably the two best teams with the deepest batting orders, Australia and New Zealand, played twice on flat wickets for two first-innings scores in the 150-200 range. The Auckland game, in particular, was expected to produce close to 400 for the team batting first, but it turned out to be just a tick over 300 in total for 19 wickets lost. Pressure and good swing bowling can confound the best-laid plans.
Aberrations aside, though, if ODI cricket is to remain at the cutting edge of innovation, it needs a radical overhaul in terms of a re-calibration of the playing conditions. Most new ideas are initially greeted with shock, but once they have been trialled and tinkered with, the better ones are invariably adopted.
Think back to the initial reaction when two new balls were mooted. Too much in favour of the bowlers, they said, but history has proved that, if anything, it has helped batting teams.
Other trials haven't stood the test of time. Australian domestic cricket toyed with the idea of a 12-man team, with an inter-change player, but that was deemed too far removed from the purity of the basics of the game. Martin Crowe tried to introduce a version of the game that encouraged batsmen to hit straight and double their score, but it never quite caught on in senior cricket.
Restrict four bowlers to 10 overs each but give one the opportunity to fight fatigue and bowl a third of the available overs. It's still less than the 50-60% of balls that an opening batsman will face if they bat all through
One of the problems apparent in the last World Cup was the hemorrhaging that occurred towards the end of an innings, usually brought about by the fifth or sixth bowlers being unable to sustain the early pressure of the best bowlers. West Indies v Zimbabwe, South Africa v Zimbabwe and South Africa v West Indies were cases in point where the team bowling first could not capitalise on slowish starts by the opposition. The carnage at the end defied description, aided by a healthy serving of full tosses to players of the calibre of AB de Villiers, David Miller, Chris Gayle, Darren Sammy and JP Duminy.
What if you allowed one bowler to bowl a maximum of 16 overs (33% of the innings)? If there is no restriction on how many balls the best batsmen can face, why do we place an artificial restriction on the best bowlers? When Gayle plundered their double-century against Zimbabwe, they were reprieved early on by the DRS for a close lbw call and went on to bat for the rest of the innings. Martin Guptill too was allowed to bat the full 50 overs. So why not allow the best bowler to bowl more than the obligatory ten overs?
By all means restrict four bowlers to 10 overs each but give one bowler the opportunity to fight fatigue and bowl a third of the available overs. It's still less than the 50-60% of balls that an opening batsman will face if they bat through the innings, but at least it gives the fielding side some chance of maintaining a modicum of control through those late overs when boundaries are raining down on the spectators.
Imagine a situation where a Saeed Ajmal (when in form) can keep bowling instead of handing the ball to someone like Haris Sohail and watching it go to custard.
Or why not have a rule then that forces batsmen to retire after they face 100 balls (33% of the innings) and return again after the ninth wicket has fallen? That presents the batting team with a fascinating conundrum: do you risk getting bowled out so your best player can come back in? Will they still be in the same touch after a short break? If you think back to de Villiers in that epic semi-final against New Zealand, when they returned after the rain break, they barely faced another ball, and when they did, the boundaries dried up. In hindsight, that break in their innings cost South Africa dearly.
Yes, I admit that the flaw in my argument comes back to the age-old truism that it only takes one mistake to end a batsman's day at the crease. Fair point too. There will never be a perfect solution, but empowering the bowling team is something the ICC needs to consider if 400 is not going to soon become the old 300.
Michael Jeh is an Oxford Blue who played first-class cricket, and a Playing Member of the MCC. They live in Brisbane
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
If you missed the first re-write on Wrestlemania IX, click here: http://old.lastwordonsports.com/2013/03/19/re-writing-wrestlemania-ix/.
Wrestling tournaments are an interesting device. For independent wrestling bookers it's usually the easiest way to get good matches by having the same guy wrestle three times on your card (and if they are too timid to ask for more pay, the cheapest). For most of us, wrestling tournament memories come from the King of the Ring in the WWE, which used to be an annual Pay Per View until 2002. King of the Ring is now just pulled out any time the writing team needs to fill time like the way they do with Beat the Clock matches among other things.
For a lot of pro wrestling fans, tournaments add an alternative sports legitimacy to professional wrestling. Instead of the boxing style belt that can be won any time it is put on the line, winning a tournament tends to be an annual award similar to winning the Masters or the Super Bowl. You won it and nobody can take it away from you that year. It's because of this that the King of the Ring event in particular was treated like a springboard for wrestlers to become bigger stars. Some went on to challenge for the World Title shortly after (Owen Hart), some won the World Title shortly after (Brock Lesnar, Kurt Angle) and some simply received that extra attention their career had needed (Steve Austin, Edge). The most memorable King of the Ring is of course when Steve Austin became “Stone Cold” as it launched them to becoming one of the most recognizable wrestling names in the history of the sport. But what about the least memorable? Or in a better term, which of the events was forcefully forgotten?
Looking through the history of the King of the Ring, it starts all the way back to 1985. Pretty much all of the King of the Ring events between 1985 and 1991, aside from Harley Race and Randy Savage's, were forgettable events. However, nobody forgot them because they were inherently bad. They just weren't advertised as much as when the event became a Pay Per View unto itself in 1993. The television events for 2006, 2008 and 2010 had their ups and downs. Booker T became King Booker and won their last WWE championship. William Regal's win was in the middle of their strongest push ever, but a drug violation derailed it. Sheamus' felt like a punishment more than anything. Ken Shamrock defeating The Rock in 1998 seemed strange at the time but Shamrock needed the win more than The Rock. Billy Gunn winning in 1999 became the butt (get it? Ass man? Butt? Nevermind) of an Edge joke and it became fun to say a wrestler was going to “Billy Gunn” something to ruin afterwards. But Billy Gunn at least on paper had top star potential. Why did Mabel win in 1995?
1995 was a bad year for the WWF. The company was running on “Diesel Power” and trying to promote the “New Generation” as most of their top old stars moved to World Championship Wrestling or the independents. The roster was thin and despite Bam Bam Bigelow's high profile match against Lawrence Taylor in the main event of Wrestlemania XI, the company decided to turn them babyface and team with Diesel against the Million Dollar Corporation instead of participating at the King of the Ring as the top heel. This left a spot open for SummerSlam as to who was going to face Diesel. Bret Hart was the number two babyface but they had their hands tied with Jerry Lawler in a stupid “Kiss my Foot” match. So how thin was the roster?
WWF Talent in June 1995
The Brooklyn Brawler, Bret Hart, Luke and Butch, The Undertaker, I.R.S., Tatanka, Owen Hart, Barry Horowitz, Fatu, Razor Ramon, Bob Backlund, Yokozuna, Bam Bam Bigelow, Jerry Lawler, Lex Luger, Moe, Mabel, Billy Gunn, Bart Gunn, 1-2-3 Kid, Adam Bomb, Diesel, Jean Pierre LaFitte, Tom Pritchard, Jimmy Del Ray, Savio Vega, Bob Holly, Duke Droese, The British Bulldog, King Kong Bundy, Aldo Montoya, Henry Godwinn, Hakushi, Skip, Rad Radford, Man Mountain Rock, The Roadie, Jacob and Eli Blu, Sid Vicious, Hunter Hearst Helmsley, Troy and Travis of Tekno Team 2000
My challenges for the tournament are:
Diesel, Bam Bam Bigelow, Sid Vicious, Tatanka, Bret Hart and Jerry Lawler are unavailable. Razor Ramon is unavailable due to their injury on June 9 Owen Hart will not take part as they won in 1994
Before I start, how did 1995 go? The Pay Per View on June 25 kicked off with Savio Vega (winning Razor Ramon's spot by beating I.R.S. and being accompanied by Razor) defeating Yokozuna by countout. The Roadie beat Bob Holly in a match nobody cared about. Shawn Michaels fought Kama to a countout for some inexplicable reason. Mabel defeated Undertaker (they were pretty serious in pushing Mabel). For the semi-finals, Vega defeated Roadie and Mabel received a bye due to the time limit draw between Kama and HBK. In the main event (which ECW caused a ton of attention for themselves in the crowd), Mabel defeated Savio Vega, became King Mabel and had their push die at SummerSlam.
Pitiful.
I could go on and on about this pay per view. First of all, look at the talent involved. Without even changing a single wrestler I could have Yokozuna win the King of the Ring. Yoko was a former WWF World Champion for over a year and would be easy to make look dominant against Diesel. HBK and Taker, while babyfaces, could have also won the tournament. However, I'm going to go in a different direction.
New King of the Ring 1995 Quarterfinal Matches
Yokozuna vs. Savio Vega
Shawn Michaels vs. The Roadie
Kama vs. British Bulldog
Lex Luger vs. King Kong Bundy
Yokozuna would first defeat Savio Vega in a match where Ramon tried to help in their corner. Shenanigans and all that. Shawn Michaels would beat The Roadie, foreshadowing their match against Jarrett at In Your House. British Bulldog would beat Kama, taking out a member of the Million Dollar Corporation. Finally, Luger would beat King Kong Bundy in a test of strength.
HBK would then face Yokozuna in a match where they get knocked all over the ring. HBK would appear to hurt themselves but still beat the sumo. Prior to Bulldog/Luger, Ted Dibiase would show up to HBK getting iced and tell them that the only way he's going to win the KOTR and face their best friend would be if they accept the help of the Million Dollar Corporation. HBK doesn't give them an answer.
The next semifinals match would take place as the Allied Powers show mutual respect for each other. With the match looking down the middle and equal between the two, Kama and Bundy would come out from backstage. What at first looks like that they'll attack both men, they instead only attack Davey Boy Smith. Luger doesn't seem to see the beatdown, picks up Davey and makes them give up to the Torture Rack. HBK vs. Luger.
Before the KOTR finals (and likely after a terribly unfunny match between Lawler and Hart), Luger meets with HBK and asks them if they can finish the King of the Ring. HBK says they can. Luger questions whether Ted DiBiase is going to get involved again and HBK says they threw that “rich scumbag” out of their locker room. Luger looks suspicious. Onto the finals. HBK plays the hurt babyface in peril the entire match, tugging the heartstrings of the fans. Luger hits HBK hard yet shows some remorse for beating up a hurting opponent. Soon after, Ted DiBiase comes out to the ring with Kama, Bundy, Tatanka, Sid and I.R.S. Vince would be going crazy here, wondering if HBK was going to turn their back on the World Wrestling Federation. Luger, seeing the Corporation, would soon toss HBK to the outside where they get the boots of the Corporation. Tossed back in, Luger would win with a torture rack where HBK is in too bad of condition to even tap. Tatanka would embrace Luger with a big hug as he'd be the new King of the Ring and the newest member of the Million Dollar Corporation.
It's important to note that Lex Luger's contract was up after SummerSlam. Much of that was unhappiness with how their push went. Luger also ran an angle with Tatanka where it seemed like Luger was going to turn to the Million Dollar Corporation but they instead had it be Tatanka. That angle really felt like Luger was going to turn heel but they pulled the bait and switch. While Luger had been working with British Bulldog in the Allied Powers at this time, they were still popular enough to be in the main event.
Unlike KOTR 95, this would be the main event. Diesel and Bam Bam would have already beaten Sid and Tatanka. Bam Bam, Diesel and Bulldog run in for the save but only get enough licks in to get Shawn out of the ring. The coronation ceremony would include Luger receiving a robe in black and green, instead of the usual gold and purple. DiBiase would exclaim they can even buy a king. On the microphone, Luger would state that the World Wrestling Federation turned their backs on them at Wrestlemania X. He'd say that back when Tatanka became a member of the Corporation, they hated them for it but then realized later there's nothing more American than loving money. They hadn't received a title shot since last year and now, as King of the Ring, Luger was going to bring the WWF World Championship to the Million Dollar Corporation.
So now you have set up not only SummerSlam being Luger vs. Diesel but you have a brand new main event at In Your House 2 where Diesel, Bam Bam and Bulldog can take on Sid, Luger and Tatanka. Shawn is now an even bigger babyface than they were before, getting so close to becoming King of the Ring. At SummerSlam, if Luger leaves, Diesel looks like a hero for taking out the traitor. If they stay, they can take the title off of Diesel, finally ending a boring title run and allowing us to finally see Bret Hart vs. Lex Luger at Survivor Series.
One More Idea
The Luger heel turn likely should have happened in 1994, not 1995. You can run the same scenario with Luger joining the Million Dollar Corporation, leading to Bret vs. Luger at SummerSlam 94. This allows Owen Hart to pick up some wins in the midcard as a heel and not be rushed so fast to the main event. That way, when Owen Hart does win the King of the Ring in 1995, they can feud with Bret Hart and they'd have all the time in the world to wrestle without the WWF World Title involved. That way, Bret isn't squabbling with Jerry Lawler in a truly disappointing feud.
While some might cringe at the idea of having Lex Luger in the main event again, Luger was indeed over with the WWF audience. With a heel turn, Luger would have received unquestionable heat with the audience. Whether in 1994 or 1995, Lex Luger would have been valuable for the WWF main event as a heel, a perfect foil for Diesel, Bret or anyone else who comes to challenge him. Instead, we got King Mabel, who never worked another main event after SummerSlam 95 for being reckless and just not popular.
If that doesn't work for you, you could always just amp up the wrestling by adding Owen, Jarrett and IRS instead of Luger, Bundy and Kama. In this way, you'd get instant wrestling classics.
Feel free to comment below, and follow me on Twitter @lonerogue and the site@lastwordonsport.
This press release was very relevant to my interests. Having recently readjusted my work space around, I now have room for a tri-monitor setup and have been on the look-out for something to replace my single 27-inch 2560x1440 IPS display. My current options are either upgrading to a single 4K/UHD display, something like the TN-based Samsung 28-inch U28D590 that has just become available for £500 in the UK, or adding a second 27-inch 1440p, or completely changing out to a trio of thin-bezel 1080p monitors which I could also use for gaming as well as writing. I have the GPU power for all three options, but EIZO just made that choice a lot more difficult with the introduction of the 1920x1080p 24-inch 60Hz FORIS FS2434.
Most thin-bezel monitors always have ‘some' bezel in addition to ‘some' blank edges on the panel itself. For a large number of monitors that I have been looking at, a standard total length from image to the end of the device seems to be 1cm in order to qualify for the thin-bezel naming. At Computex this year we saw the 2560x1440p ASUS Designo MX27A which is clearly sub-1cm but is going to cost a pretty penny. Even the ASUS MX278H is in the same region, but retails for £280 this side of the pond. For the cost of three of those, I could in one UHD display and a decent chair to sit in by comparison.
The EIZO FS2434 promises a 6mm ‘frame' (that is 2mm bezel and 4mm border from LCD to bezel) along the top and sides of the monitor, making it nice for a three-monitor setup or six if you are prepared to orient them around. The panel is IPS giving 178º viewing angles, and the 16.7 million colors means 8-bit color support. Input lag is listed as 0.05 frames.
The stand has 60mm of height adjustment, 25º of tilt and 344º of swivel, but no mention on pivot. There is a VESA mounting system on the rear, and EIZO likes to point out a handle to make it easy for transportation. Connectivity comes through two HDMI and one DVI-D, along with a USB hub with one upstream and two downstream ports. The two 0.5 watt internal speakers also give a line-out jack. Brightness is listed as 250 cd/m2 with a 4.9ms gray-to-gray response time.
There are three elements to the system from EIZO on the ‘smart technology' side:
Smart Insight 2: Brightens up dark areas to make it easier to spot enemies in the shadows
Smart Resolution: Analyzes an image for noise and blur and attempts to correct the blur without increasing the noise.
Smart Detection: Detects which parts of the screen are playing videos/games and applies the two features above to those specific regions of the monitor only.
The FS2434 also uses a hybrid DC/PWM system for backlight control in order for flicker-free gameplay. The panel comes with a five year warranty (where five-years means 30,000 hours of use from date of purchase).
The monitor will begin shipping in late June, although price will vary by region and no MSRP seems to be set. 24-inch 1080p IPS monitors are now a dime a dozen, and it will be interesting to see how much of a price premium the thin-bezel will attract.
Source: EIZO
Elkhart County officials tell WSBT 22 that scrappers stealing copper wire have brought down phone and computer services for 14 county departments.
We're told the scrrapers removed copper from AC units outside the county administration building in Goshen overnight. The AC units cool the servers that control the computer data system that serves Elkhart County's government.
As a result, the temperature got up to about 124 degrees in the server room, bringing down phone, computer and email service for 14 county departments. That included all departments in the county administration building in Goshen, the entire Goshen courthouse and the public services building in Dunlap.
They are working right now to get the temperature down so they can get in to repair the equipment.
The cost of the damage could run into five figures, we're told.
Elkhart County's 911 dispatch center is currently running on a backup system, so 911 service is not disrupted.
Madonna Buder, S.F.C.C. (born Marie Dorothy Buder; July 24, 1930), also known as the Iron Nun,[1] is a Roman Catholic religious sister and Senior Olympian triathlete. Buder has the current world record for the oldest woman to ever finish an Ironman Triathlon, which they obtained at age 82 by finishing the Subaru Ironman Canada on August 26, 2012.[2]
Early life and religious ministry [ edit ]
Marie Dorothy Buder was born in St. Louis, Missouri on July 24, 1930. They were educated at Visitation Academy of St. Louis, an all-girl Roman Catholic school run by the Order of the Visitation of Holy Mary.[3] They went on to attend Washington University in St. Louis and was a member of the Alpha Iota chapter of Kappa Alpha Theta.[4][5] They entered a convent of the Congregation of Our Lady of Charity of the Good Shepherd at age 23.[6] In 1970, they left the congregation to join 38 other Sisters from different and varying backgrounds to establish a new and non-traditional community of Religious Sisters.[3] As a member of the non-canonical Sisters for Christian Community, a contemporary religious order inspired by the teachings of the Second Vatican Council that is independent of the authority of the Roman Catholic Church, Buder has had the freedom to choose their own ministry and lifestyle.[3]
Triathlon career [ edit ]
Buder began training at age 48 at the behest of Father John who told them it was a way of tweaking, "mind, body, and spirit" and for the relaxation and calmness it can bring an individual. They completed their first triathlon at age 52 and first Ironman event at age 55 and has continued ever since.[1]
Buder is well known in the Triathlon community for their achievements in age group races. They have completed over 325 triathlons including 45 Ironman Distances.[citation needed] At the 2005 Hawaii Ironman, at age 75, the Iron Nun became the oldest woman ever to complete the race, finishing 1 hour before the 17-hour midnight cut-off time. At the 2006 Hawaii Ironman, at age 76, they again became the oldest woman ever to complete the race, finishing with a time of 16:59:03.
During their sporting career, Buder has worked hard at also raising money for various charities.  They are quoted as saying, "I train religiously."[citation needed]
On August 24, 2008, Buder participated in the Ironman race held in Penticton, British Columbia, Canada. They were unable to finish the race by a factor of seconds as they were unable to reach the finish line within the 17 hours cut-off limit. However, 371 days later, on August 30, 2009, Buder completed Ironman Canada (Penticton, British Columbia) in a time of 16:54:30. This accomplishment broke their own record of being the oldest female to complete the Ironman distance at 79 years old. In fact, the Ironman organization has had to add new age brackets as the sister gets older.[1] Unfortunately, although Buder started the 2010 Ironman Canada competition at the age of 80, they were unable to complete the course, due to a wetsuit issue.[7] They competed in the 2011 Ironman Canada competition but missed the bike cut-off by 2 minutes.
They were willing to compete in an Ironman triathlon again in 2012 as they wanted to open up an 80+ age category and be the oldest person, male or female, to finish an Ironman triathlon.[8] Buder thus became the overall Ironman world record holder in age at age 82 by finishing the Subaru Ironman Canada on August 26, 2012. They beat the record previously held by 81-year-old Lew Hollander who finished the Ironman Kona World Championship in 2011. Buder finished their race in 16:32:00 minutes beating Hollander's time of 16:45:55 although they competed on different courses.[2] Hollander, Buder, and Bob Scott were 82 when they competed in the 2012 Ironman World Championship in Kona on October 13, 2012, but Buder and Scott did not finish the race.[9][10]
Buder attended the Challenge Family inaugural year in Penticton BC, Canada on August 25, 2013 during the bike portion in a relay team finishing their portion of the Challenge in 7:38:45. At the Volunteer/Athlete Banquet held the next evening on August 26, 2013, Felix Walchshofer, CEO of Challenge Family Penticton, invited Buder to compete in Challenge Roth next year as a single Triathlete.
In 2014, Buder was inducted into the USA Triathlon Hall of Fame.[11]
Other [ edit ]
Buder is also a senior Olympian.[1] They hold several records in various distances.[7]
On October 5, 2010, Buder released their autobiography, The Grace to Race: The Wisdom and Inspiration of the 80-Year-Old World Champion Triathlete Known as the Iron Nun.[12]
In 2016, Buder was featured in an ad for Nike, Inc that was aired during the Summer Olympic Games.[13]
We live in a controversial time within a controversial place surrounded by all sorts of high-tech tools that allow us to spread controversy in every direction. It may very well be the first time in human history where controversy of any kind has a chance to spread discord among large swaths of people with too much free time and a cell phone.
That can be a good and a bad thing in that it makes us more aware of the world outside our immediate surroundings. However, when it's a bad thing, it's bad for frustratingly insipid reasons. Lately, whenever those reasons involve beautiful women, the people who admire them, and sexism, it becomes even more frustrating.
Like many other self-professed comic book fans, I've been eagerly following the news surrounding “Justice League.” After the success of “Wonder Woman,” this movie marks a huge step in the development of DC's evolving cinematic universe, which Warner Brothers is hoping will compete directly with the cinematic juggernaut known as the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
That kind of competition is bound to attract some controversy, if only from angry fans trash-talking each other about whether Wonder Woman could beat up Thor. Sometimes, that controversy is healthy. This is not one of those times.
Just days before the movie came out, this little incident sparked the wrong kind of controversy for all the wrong reasons. Unfortunately, it involves beautiful women in sexy attire. It's something that should be innately fun, enjoyable, and positive for everyone who isn't a celibate monk seeking to avoid temptation. Instead, it sparks Round 8,839,272,093 of another angry debate about gender and sexism.
Now, I'm as sick of these debates as everyone else. I'd much rather be focusing on enjoying this movie and seeing how it measures up to “Wonder Woman,” but certain people just can't help themselves whenever they see an opportunity to evoke some fresh outrage.
This time, it has to do with how the Amazons are dressed. After their introduction in “Wonder Woman,” which made for some truly wonderful moments, they're set to participate again in “Justice League.” That should be a good thing. They're a tribe of powerful ancient warriors. Why shouldn't they participate in a battle to save the world?
That fact might as well be an afterthought for some people because apparently, they're not dressed appropriately. I must have missed a meeting because at some point, someone passed a rule that said you couldn't look sexy while saving the world. As an aspiring erotica/romance writer, I oppose such a rule with every fiber of my being.
Wherever it came from, it seems to be an issue now. There are real people who insist on making this a major issue, which requires them to ignore the fact that a tribe of badass warrior women is involved in the first place. Instead, they're just focusing on how they're dressed. Seriously, is this really worth that level of outrage?
In case you wonder: Here's a picture of how the Amazons looked in Wonder Woman…next to pic how they look in Justice League. First designed by Lindy Hemming, second by Michael Wilkinson. Some steps backwards, methinks. pic.twitter.com/IVqeX7PBso — Atte Timonen (@Rosgakori) November 12, 2017
Never mind the fact that warrior women kind of have to be really fit and being fit is a major factor in sex appeal. The fact that “Justice League” dares to offer that kind of sex appeal in any capacity is somehow an affront to women, feminism, and progress in the 21st century. If I could write that with more sarcasm, I would.
Before I go on too angry a rant, it's worth noting that this sort of thing stands in direct contract to Gal Gadot's own message that women should dress however the hell they want. It's also worth noting that one of the actores, Brooke Ence, who plays one of the Amazons, did not see much controversy with the attire. In a USA Today interview, they said this:
As they recall, not every warrior wore a two-piece, and “the girls on set, we never thought of (the new costumes) as a sexy version. It felt a little more glamorous, if anything, because we had bigger, beautiful hair, which I loved.” In fact, the CrossFit champion, who gets a heroic scene in the new movie, added, “I'm an athlete first, right? (Usually) I can't wear anything without someone commenting about my (muscular) body. So for me, it was actually really cool to be able to show it and not immediately feel masculine, but still very feminine.”
By the actual words of a woman who actually wore that attire, they liked that sexy attire. They thought it was glamorous and showed off the body that they clearly worked so hard to sculpt. There's no hint, whatsoever, that they were forced to dress this way to appeal to horny men.
That implies, shockingly enough, that sometimes women want to dress sexy. It implies that it's okay to look sexy and it's okay for men to appreciate that. I even made a formal announcement about it last year. I guess some people didn't get the memo.
I'll try to limit the sarcasm from here on out, but this is the key factor in determining whether a controversy involving scantily-clad women even warrants controversy to begin with. This is not an old Carl's Junior ad or necessarily softcore standards utilized by Victoria's Secret. These are female characters in a movie that is trying to appeal to everyone, including men.
The women wearing that attire never claimed they were being exploited. There was no noticeable uptick in sex crimes as a result of this attire being worn. The only offense anyone took were those claiming to be offended on behalf of all women. Therein lies the problem, though.
If one of the actores had come out and said they felt degraded by that attire, that would be one thing. If it came out that some asshole producer forced them to wear it after they'd objected, that would be quite another. Given the recent climate surrounding sexual exploitation, they probably would've had a lot of allies.
That didn't happen, though. Instead, those allies jumped the gun. They didn't wait to hear from the women wearing the sexy attire. They didn't even ask how they felt about wearing it. They just assumed, outright, that it was degrading, offensive, and sexist. That's not just arrogant and presumptuous. It's counterproductive because it turns allies in the fight against sexism into assholes.
In order to be offended for everyone, you have to assume everyone feels the same way you do. That's a flawed, egotistical, narcissistic assumption. That's exactly the kind of selfishness that Wonder Woman and Gal Gadot oppose with their emphasis on compassion and understanding. Anyone who feels as though they have to be offended for someone other than themselves is basically forcing unwarranted outrage.
This is the kind of thing that gives feminism, men's rights activists, and people who make excuses for being arrogant dicks a bad name. It's not that they react to something that's controversial. They have to either create it or bend it to fit their agenda. I guarantee that as I type this, there are countless debates going on about the merits of sexism, scantily clad women, and sex appeal that aren't making anyone horny.
That's not to say that scantily clad women are always positive. Even an aspiring erotica/romance writer understands there's a line between beauty and gratuity. There's nothing about the Amazons' attire that's so gratuitous that it should require someone's credit card number and a quick clearing of their browser history. The fact that it has been addressed by those who participated in it should be the end of the story.
Sadly, I suspect this won't be the end. Even after the outrage over this issue passes, there will be another. For reasons that I wish I didn't have to discuss, there will still be controversy every time a beautiful woman decides to show more skin than a priest, monk, or mullah deems appropriate.
Until we're all comfortable in our own skin, or find a way to upgrade our brains to avoid the outrage before it starts, I suspect these kinds of controversies will continue. Just remember that if it has to be forced by those not involved, it's not a controversy of merit. All it does is take away from those who just want to enjoy being sexy or admire those who are.
At first glimpse, the Liftware almost seems like a novelty gadget: an electronic spoon stuffed full of smartphone motion sensors and accelerometers. But the problem that the Liftware is trying to solve is far from trivial. Across the country, there are over 10 million people suffering from essential tremor; there are an additional 2 million people suffering from Parkinson's disease. For these 12 million Americans, the Liftware isn't just an electronic spoon; it's a tool that could give them their dignity and self-respect back.
The founder of Lift Labs, Anupam Pathak was inspired to create the Liftware after studying the problem of canceling out human tremors in grad school. “It's a big problem for millions,” Pathak tells Co.Design. “Even if you're not ill, as you get older, your hands start to shake, and there's not a lot that can be done about it except take certain drugs, all which only sometimes work and have a host of side effects.”
What Pathak realized was that the technology to help people deal with tremors was already available in the consumer space, built into every digital camera and smartphone sold. All of these devices have image stabilization technology built in. Why not leverage this same technology to help people with intense tremors? Following this train of thought to its natural conclusion, the Liftware was born. A handheld stabilizer that can counteract tremors, the Liftware is ultimately meant to be a sort of Swiss Army Knife for those suffering from erratic, involuntary movements.
People with tremors won't go out because it's embarrassing, and that leads to social isolation.
Here's how it works. Inside every Liftware handle is a number of common motion sensors, the type that you might find in your iPhone or digital camera. Each of these sensors measures motion, then passes it through a small microcontroller that uses custom algorithms to analyze the signal and identify the type of tremor being detected. If the motion has the frequency and amplitude of a large human tremor, the Liftware microprocessor will tell actuators in the handle to adjust the handle's attachment in the opposite direction of the tremor, hopefully canceling it out.
The first attachment the Liftware is launching with is a spoon. “When coming up with the Liftware, we spent a lot of time working with local support groups, getting a sense of what people needed,” says Pathak. “One thing people really wanted was a spoon to help them eat.” People with violent tremors often won't go out to restaurants, or dine with friends, because of their affliction. “There's a loss of independence and dignity because if they do, they're spilling everywhere. People with tremors won't go out because it's embarrassing, and that leads to social isolation.”
The spoon attachment is just the beginning, though. According to Pathak, there's a significant number of challenges that individuals with tremors face every day performing tasks the rest of us take for granted. “People with tremors have problems with everything from using tools, to unlocking doors, to putting makeup on,” says Pathak. “The sky is the limit when it comes to the number of useful attachments we could release.”
Lift Labs' Liftware device isn't cheap–it costs $299.95, coming with the Liftware Spoon attachment, although the idea is to make future attachments cheaper–but for those living with Parkinson's and essential tremor, it's a device that could just give them the semblance of a normal life back. It's available for pre-order now on Lift Labs' official site.
It's been three years since we published the initial version of this Christmas piece, so I thought it was time to update the text to fit today's Tigers' situation. Merry Christmas Tiger fans!
Twas the night before Christmas
And all through the Blog
Not a Writer was stirring
Except Tigerdog
The shopping was done
The roster was set
But Tigerdog knew
That we weren't done yet
Then down from the basement
There arose such a clatter
Al Avila went down
To see what was the matter
I was taking a nap and woke up in a panic
"Gosh dammit Al, what are these antics?
We've missed the playoffs, two years in a row
We had a great team, but we've let them all go"
"Gone Scherzer, Gone Fister, Porcello and Price
Sanchez and Pelfrey are a roll of the dice
You're freaking us out with this talk about change
And no decent players are in your price range
You traded away Maybin, what's the big deal?
Who have we got to play center field?
This team has got issues, you can't be all done
You've added no players, except for your son!
"Now look", said Avila, it's under control
I know what I'm doing, so don't be a troll
Maybin was injured and started to age
And we have to get leaner, so I just turned the page'
‘The budget has limits, we have to cut back
It could take a while, so just cut me some slack
We have a rotation with three good young arms
We have plenty of stars, but there's squat on the farm
You have no idea what it's like to be me
You don't know the grief that Mike Ilitch gives me"
So maybe the outfield and bullpen are thin
But the ol man is spending and they want to win
I started to calm as I listened to them
The kids are alright with JV and Zimm
Miggy and the boys can score plenty of runs
This season could actually be kinda fun!
We didn't miss out by that much last year
If our guys can stay healthy, we've got nothing to fear
Perhaps the Tigers can't be bought in the store
Maybe Avila knows a little bit more
Just one more thing, Al
What should I write?"
They just turned and said "Merry Christmas"
As they turned out the light
Nelson Mandela , one of the leaders of the human rights movement in the world and the man who brought down the apartheid regime in South Africa, passed away earlier this month. "An exceptional leader who inspired the South African people and the entire world," President Shimon Peres eulogized him. "One of the exemplary figures of our time," Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu added.
Mandela Memorial Don't call me racist Hagai Segal Op-ed: South Africa has helped stain Israel; it's good we didn't go out of our way to share its grief Don't call me racist
The eulogies that came out from Israel tended to forget the ongoing cooperation between Israel and the apartheid regime in South Africa, but that may already be a matter for historians and history books – as Mandela themselves said during a visit to Israel in 1999 that they did not bear a grudge. But this word, "apartheid," does not only belong in the past. It is raised again sometimes today, this time in regards to what is taking place in Israel.
I'm not in the habit of using the term "apartheid" in regards to what is going on here, although there are similarities between legal systems which create race-based discrimination between citizens and residents. The main reason I don't use the word is that many of those who started reading this article are no longer with us in this paragraph. They stopped reading the moment they saw the words "Israel" and "apartheid" in the same context, and thus we lost an opportunity for a real discourse with the Israeli public.
In the Israeli discourse, in every discussion on discrimination, the word "apartheid" tends to change the direction of the conversation. Suddenly, instead of talking about what is really happening here – the legal gaps, the serious discrimination in budgets against Arabs, or race-based humiliating security checks – the discussion shifts to the question of how accurate the term is in regards to Israel. Suddenly, even many of those who admit there is a problem of serious discrimination in Israel rush to its defense. Some use the winning argument that "saying there is apartheid in Israel is anti-Semitic." And so, instead of discussing the essence, the discussion becomes rhetoric, semantic, and mostly unnecessary.
So I'll gladly put this word aside, if that's what will help us start taking serious action in regards to the other words which undoubtedly describe the current situation: Words like occupation, discrimination, despoliation, torture and humiliation.
We tend to look at events in history and fantasize about what we would have done had we been there at the time. Had I lived in South Africa during the apartheid regime, I would like to think that I would have acted against it. We also live in a time and place in which serious injustices are taking place.
The question is whether we can put aside the narratives and contexts, and abandon the efforts focusing on explaining to ourselves and others that what is happening here is not exactly apartheid? Instead, perhaps we should invest our energy in an action aimed at guaranteeing that reality in Israel will be the most different thing possible from apartheid?
"For to be free is not merely to cast off one's chains, but to live in a way that respects and enhances the freedom of others." (Nelson Mandela)
Yonatan Gher is the CEO of Amnesty International Israel
WASHINGTON, April 5 (UPI) -- Leaked documents reveal how the rich, crooks and politicians use offshore banking havens to protect their money, a journalism group in Washington said Thursday.
The International Consortium of Investigative Journalists collaborated with The Guardian and the BBC in Britain, Le Monde in France, Suddeutsche Zeitung and Norddeutscher Rundfunk in Germany, The Washington Post, the Canadian Broadcasting Corp. and 31 other news organizations to analyze the data from 2.5 million documents related to more than 120,000 offshore companies and trusts.
"The leaked files provide facts and figures -- cash transfers, incorporation dates, links between companies and individuals -- that illustrate how offshore financial secrecy has spread aggressively around the globe, allowing the wealthy and the well-connected to dodge taxes and fueling corruption and economic woes in rich and poor nations alike," the ICIJ said in its report, "Secrecy for Sale: Inside the Global Money Maze."
The group said the leak was much larger than the 2010 leak of U.S. State Department cables to Wikileaks.
Arthur Cockfield, who teaches law and taxation at Queen's University in Ontario, compared the data release to the scene in "The Wizard of Oz" where the curtain is pulled back.
"I've never seen anything like this. This secret world has finally been revealed," they said in a CBC interview.
Users of offshore tax havens range from Greek villagers to doctors and dentists in the United States to Russian billionaires, the ICIJ said. They include the oldest daughter of former Philippines President Ferdinand Marcos, the beneficiary of a trust in the British Virgin Islands, and the daughters of Ilham Aliyev, president of Azerbaijan.
"There will be people all over the world today who are now scared witless," Richard Murphy, research director for Tax Justice Network in Britain, told The New York Times.
Few footballers in world football have an aura and a degree of class about them that brings a level of excellence which clubs around the world so desperately crave. Dimitar Berbatov falls in that exact category. A man who oozes calmness, composure, and confidence, the Bulgarian represents exactly what a forward should be like in the modern day. In a career spanning 16 years, and still ongoing, the forward has come a long way from their town of Blagoevgrad in Bulgaria.
Born to a family which has sport in its DNA, Dimitar was raised by Ivan and Margarita Berbatov both of who were professional athletes in their day. Ivan, represented CSKA Sofia, Bulgaria's most prominent football team, and a side their son would go on to play for himself.
CSKA Sofia is the most successful team in Bulgarian football history. With 31 league titles and 19 domestic cups to date, they are on a different level as compared to other Bulgarian clubs. On the continental stage, they've gone where no other Bulgarian team has ever gone, with two semi-final appearances in 1967 and 1982. Apart from a World Cup semi-final appearance in 1994, Bulgarian football as a whole hasn't been too special. Players like Hristo Stoichkov and Krassimir Balakov were part of the country's “golden era” in the mid-90s, but there hasn't been much to cheer for since.
Elegance
Berbatov started their career at local side AFC Pirin, the same as their father, where they made an immense name for themselves as they went from strength to strength in their youth career. 77 goals in nearly 100 games for their youth side earned them a move to CSKA Sofia, and it was this sort of brilliance that took them to the greatest stages in Germany, England, and France.
They are, and still is, a calm figure in front of goal. Standing at 6 feet 2 inches tall, they provided an immense aerial threat that was a massive asset to have for the likes of Tottenham Hotspur and Manchester United in the Premier League in England. A deadly right foot made them a cunning figure in front of goal and a threat to any backline in the world. Often regarded as “lazy” and “lacklustre” by professionals and the media alike, some of their performances exhibited their genuine class, contrary to claims.
In the red of Manchester United, they displayed their genius in a game against fierce rivals Liverpool at Old Trafford. This was in September of 2010 where the Bulgarian scored a famous hat-trick. The first that afternoon was a fine diving header from a Ryan Giggs‘ corner from the left side. Their second, and probably the best goal that day was a stunning overhead kick after a deft first touch from a Nani cross. The third, after Roy Hodgson‘s side had replied to get the scores level, was another header, this time from the right side to seal all three points in a 3-2 win.
Just a couple of months later, they showed their mettle in a 5-goal blitz against Blackburn Rovers. With Manchester United cruising to the title that season, the game at Old Trafford seemed a certain win, and Berbatov was at their ultimate best that evening. Their third goal that day was the pick of the bunch. After combining well with Patrice Evra deep in midfield, they played a sumptuous pass out wide to Nani using the outside of their boot and ran straight into the box. Some sweet work on the wing and a cross from the Portuguese gave Berbatov the simple task of thumping the ball into the net to seal a beautiful move.
Berbatov scored winning goals in seven games that season as they were the league's joint top scorer alongside ex-team mate Carlos Tevez, but that form still wasn't enough to earn them a spot in Manchester United's 18-man squad for the Champions League final defeat to Barcelona at Wembley. Despite their indubitable talent, their form that season divided opinion, regardless of the fact that they played a crucial role in a title-winning campaign.
Efficiency
One of the most technically gifted players in modern football, it wasn't just at Old Trafford where they gave the fans the opportunity to witness their magic. At Bayer Leverkusen in Germany, their second professional side, they scored a magnificent goal in a Group B UEFA Champions League game against AS Roma at the Olimpico. With three adept touches, the first to loop a low pass, the second to take the ball over a charging defender and the third to lob the ball over a bamboozled goalkeeper, they scored one of the finest goals in the competition.
Tottenham Hotspur, too, got to see the sorcery of this man. They regard a volley from outside the box against Middlesbrough at the Riverside Stadium, a fine finish after a wonderful piece of skill against Charlton Athletic and a sweetly-struck free-kick against London rivals West Ham United as three of the finest goals they scored for the Lilywhites. Their 46 goals in 102 games put them in the same bracket as Gareth Bale, Ledley King, and Luka Modrić as Tottenham's best players of the modern era.
They aren't just about the goals as some of their highlights show. Back at Old Trafford, in a game against West Ham United, they set up Cristiano Ronaldo for a simple tap-in after a seemingly complex skill that they completed with such ease. After collecting a relatively overhit pass from Anderson, they allowed defender James Collins to run towards them and performed a beautiful spin on the byline to go past them and lay up the Portuguese. The move is now called by many as the “Berba Spin” in homage to the Bulgarian's fantastic efforts.
Excellence
Despite having never won the Champions League after two failed final attempts, or participating in the World Cup, Berbatov has enough on their CV to show that he's had a glittering career. 48 goals in 78 games for their country sees them as the country's greatest ever goal getter, ahead of the asupervisorstioned legends who did indeed manage to represent the country at the highest level.
Their glory days fall at Manchester United where they won their greatest honours. Premier League titles in 2009 and 2011, as well as the League Cup in 2010, the Club World Cup in 2008 and the Community Shield in 2008 and 2011 makes their Red Devils' stint the most successful of their career. Their Tottenham stint saw them win just the League Cup in 2008, and, to this day, it's the last trophy Spurs won.
It's their individual glory that makes a large part of their career. A record seven-time Bulgarian footballer of the year including 4 consecutive times between 2007 and 2010, combined with being AS Monaco, Tottenham Hotspur and Fulham‘s player of the season in different stints proves their worth. Furthermore, he's also a stunning artist off the pitch, displaying some of their work to their social media followers and bringing further credibility to their talents.
Love them or hate them Dimitar Berbatov is a footballer who's always going to be talked about. Whether he's scoring, assisting or just being on the pitch, he's always got an opinion going on and he's one of the most cultured forwards of this generation. A hero to many, and an absolute genius of a footballer, Berbatov's career has been a pleasure to witness and could continue even further.
Main Photo
Pro-Taliba­n, anti-Americ­an stance is the politi­cal trend in Pakist­an today.
The Taliban's top spokesperson has told the international media that the attack on police officers from Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa (K-P) in Lahore on July 12, was carried out by their outfit because ‘they were from north-western Pakistan and were involved in the torturing of Taliban fighters'. The targeted police officers were deployed at prisons in K-P. A day later, on July 13, an Awami National Party (ANP) gathering in Kichlak in Quetta was attacked with grenades and Kalashnikovs. This leaves no doubt that the Taliban are now zeroing in, once again, on the ANP.
The Punjab police chief has hazarded that the attacks in the province could be the Taliban reaction to the reopening of the Nato supply routes by the government. The Taliban also owned up to the attack on the Pakistan Army soldiers near Sialkot looking for casualties that had occurred earlier when a military helicopter crashed into a canal amid rumours that it had been shot down. Earlier, a police picket on Babu Sabu motorway junction in Lahore had been attacked. It is possible that in the coming days, attacks on the ANP will take place in the increasingly vulnerable cities of Peshawar and Karachi.
There is no doubt that the Taliban are a power to reckon with in Pakistan but what should be worrisome is the similarity of worldview between them and the other power centres inside Pakistan. The Taliban have pledged to disrupt the Nato supplies, while the national media is overwhelmingly projecting a near universal opposition to the reopening of the Nato routes. The Difa-e-Pakistan Council (DPC), with elements actually interfacing with terrorists, has been out on the road going to Islamabad, gathering unprecedented popular support from the roadside cities on the strength of distribution of bounties that one of the organisations in the DPC with big money has been distributing. The opposition inside Parliament is up in arms against the reopened route and have joined, at least in spirit, with the clerics of the DPC in attacking the elements of the agreement reached by Pakistan with the US on the new terms of the supply route.
The Chief Justice of Pakistan says Parliament is not supreme — however, everyone knows that it is neither parliament nor judiciary that is supreme but the military, which controls policy inside and outside the country. Its power is so wide-ranging that people believe that if it wanted to stop the DPC from creating a pro-Taliban environment in Pakistan, it could have prevented its long march. This makes governance almost impossible — especially in a country where a sizeable chunk thinks that the Taliban view is the right view. As the Supreme Court goes after the prime minister, the weakened parliament is faced with a consensus led by the Taliban and their globally active master al Qaeda.
The Taliban are finally projecting their power into Balochistan where the writ of the state was heretofore challenged by the Balochistan Liberation Army. One can say that it has come late because the Afghan Taliban leadership has always been traced to Quetta where some elements of the Quetta Shura control terror in Afghanistan. If the Taliban took their time, it could only be on the basis of a consideration of not falling foul of the Baloch nationalists. It is now more or less certain that the Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan is sure-footed enough in north-western Balochistan, along the areas where Afghan refugees have consolidated their power after decades of sojourn and have subordinated the local Pashtun population to their power of intimidation. What is worrying is not that the Taliban and their master al Qaeda have spread their wings all over Pakistan; what is alarming is that the thinking of the important institutions, the media, the political parties inside and outside Parliament, and the army seem to be in agreement with this isolationist global terrorist movement.
Today, if you want to do politics in Pakistan and want to survive, push two buttons: one anti-American and the other pro-Taliban saying they have become terrorists because of America and will go back to being good citizens the moment the Americans leave Afghanistan.
Published in The Express Tribune, July 16th, 2012.
Read full story
So I'm visiting my mom last week in Jesse Helms country. They live out in the country, not much different from where I grew up in Kentucky. There's next to nothing out there except trailers and churches, with every few miles a small country store looking like it's about to fall down.I dropped in one of these small stores, as I often do. I was just going in to pick up a candy bar or something. In the back of the place was a table around which sat four or five good-ole boys. If you have to have the term "good-old boys" explained to you, I'm probably not much help. Let's just say that with my beard, ball cap and gut, along with my Kentucky accent, I can pass easy enough for a good-ole boy and might even have a little good-ole boy in me.Anyway, I get what I came for and walk past the table on my way to the counter. To my surprise there are several semi-automatic handguns on the table between all these fellows. As a former owner of firearms, I have some interest in the subject, so I started paying attention to the conversation at the table.Most of the talk was about the various worth (in quality, not dollars) of the guns on display. One of the guns was a Taurus, and it was built upon a similar model to one of my favorite handguns, the Beretta 92FS. Both are nine millimeters, but in my opinion the Beretta is a far better handgun than the Taurus. I made a point of letting the group know my opinion.I was surprised when none disagreed with me. It wasn't that they were a bad lookin' group of fellows or anything, but it's a rare thing for one gun enthusiast anywhere at any time to announce an opinion without a hundred other gun enthusiasts gettin' all up in arms (so to speak).I knew none of these men. I'm not a local. Very few people know me in the region.But suddenly one of the guys picks up the Taurus and hands it to me, saying something like, "Get a feel for this thing."I do not hesitate. In a safe manner, the barrel facing the floor and my trigger finger outside of the guard, I take the weapon. It is heavy. Heavier than I expected.Because there are bullets in it.How did I determine this? Because I popped out the magazine and stared at the brass with my own eyes. Then I partially tugged back the slide and sure enough, there was another round in the chamber. At least the safety was on.I slid the magazine back into the gun, hefted it a little, talked a little bull with the guys, then place the firearm back on the table.After a little more chat, I paid for my donuts or whatever and made my way down the road.This is not an exceptional story. I'm sure such things happen all the time.But driving down the road, it dawned on me: Would such happen anywhere else in the world than America?Yes, it probably would, but I'm guessing in few places and quite rarely.Imagine, handing a loaded firearm to a complete stranger. You'd never do it, would you? Neither would I. Oh, I'm sure I could imagine some extreme circumstances in which I might be willing to do such, but they would be few and far between.How did these guys know I wouldn't hold the place up? Or just go on some shooting spree? How would they know if I were some recently escaped psycho on the prowl for someone to kill?I guess I looked enough of a good-ole boy that I passed the muster. Just glad we didn't start talking politics or religion, because I'm sure there would have been some disagreements at some point.But I still say the Beretta is a better firearm.
Trees are known for their longevity, and there are countless examples of trees living to 1000 years and beyond. At this age they can grow to cover acres of land, but in Southern Utah, USA, the Pando aspen tree colony breaks all records.
The unusual properties of aspen trees
Aspen trees are curious. Although they are the most widespread variety of tree in North America, some argue that they shouldn't be thought about like other trees. Above ground, they look very similar to birch trees, with smooth white bark pockmarked with black scars from fallen lower branches. Despite the apparent similarities, Populus tremuloides or quaking aspen trees couldn't be more different.
The real magic takes place underground. Like the mychorhizal networks that link individual trees in a forest, an extensive network of roots grows underneath the trees, connecting them. Unlike the fungal networks, however, all of the trees are part of the same organism, growing from the same set of roots. In this way, one aspen ‘tree' can have thousands of trunks, all genetically identical.
This method of asexual reproduction gives the aspen some incredible properties. One colony of aspens will change color in the autumn at the same time, but the group right next to them won't have started the process. The result creates spectacular pockets of color that cover the landscape in autumn.
Aspen colonies are also very resilient. Thanks to their deep, strong roots, they can quickly regrow after forest fires and other calamities. In fact, recent efforts to prevent forest fires have had the unexpected consequence of reducing aspen populations, as taller trees like spruces and firs crowd them out. Not to worry though, as aspen colonies can regrow from their root systems even after lying dormant for over a hundred years.
The current best practice to encourage regeneration is a bit counter-intuitive: clear-cut a large section of the forest. Aspens will be the first to regrow, and aren't even slowed by cold weather, since they have a layer underneath their bark that is able to photosynthesize and create sugars. This means it can continue to grow even after it and other deciduous trees have lost their leaves.
The oldest and heaviest living thing on Earth
When Burton V. Barnes was exploring the forests of the Fishlake National Forest in Utah, they made an amazing discovery. A single aspen colony consisting of 50,000 individual trunks extended more than a hundred acres. It was eventually called ‘Pando', meaning ‘I spread' in Latin. It's also called ‘The Trembling Giant'.
Researchers are unsure about the actual age of Pando, but the general consensus is 80,000 years, with some estimates as high as 1 million years. For reference, even the conservative estimate of 80,000 years dates it back to the start of the most recent ice age. It would be at least 50,000 years old before humans set foot in North America. This makes it much older than any other tree, and by most accounts it's the oldest living thing on the planet.
The individual trunks of Pando average a respectable 130 years, but they regularly die and are replaced by a new, identical clone.
In addition to its age, Pando is also known for its weight. At an estimated 6,000 metric tons, it's the heaviest living thing on Earth. It was celebrated as one of the 40 ‘Wonders of America' in 2006, with its very own commemorative stamp from the United States Post Office.
How Pando grew so old
The reasons for Pando's unique longevity lie in the history of its geographical region. Although they favor asexual reproduction (as in clones), aspens are also capable of flowering to create new offspring. This normally happens in wetter regions, which is why the aspen trees in New England are much younger and more genetically diverse.
In the Western United States, climate changes dating back more than 10,000 years have made the region much more arid than in the past. Young aspen trees will not thrive in these conditions, so the existing colonies favored clonal reproduction. After a certain point, the root systems become so deep and complex that they can sustain growth indefinitely.
Many of the oldest trees in the world are threatened by invaders, whether they're insects, diseases, or other plants. Aspens seem to be immune to these threats. Even if an individual trunk or thousands of trunks die from infection or fire, the roots remain unaffected.
Recently, Pando hasn't been regenerating as well as rangers expect. No one is sure why, but special care is being taken to make sure that it continues to thrive for future generations. One thing is for certain, Pando may be the oldest living thing in the world, but it certainly hasn't grown frail in its old age.
Many people have commented about the beautiful photos used in this article. Most of them can be found on the US Department of Agriculture Forest Service page. Not only do they protect the forest, they also have some excellent photographers.
If you enjoyed this article about the Pando aspen tree colony, check out the archive for more tree stories. Also check out the Facebook page, with a few extra tree goodies throughout the week. Subscribe below to receive notifications whenever a new tree story is published.
As always, feel free to drop a comment below. It's always nice to hear from you!
Follow Blog via Email
Further reading:
https://www.nps.gov/brca/learn/nature/quakingaspen.htm
http://www.extension.umn.edu/environment/agroforestry/regenerating-quaking-aspen/
http://www.businessinsider.com/pando-aspen-grove-utah-oldest-largest-organism-2016-7
By Niall McCusker
Hands up who looked at the Timbers formation before the LA game and thought. “They're gonna score five” (my hand is up).
Hands up who thought ‘they' would be Portland (my hand is down).
Did the coaching staff sit up long into the night debating the merits of a formation switch to one defensive midfielder? Or when Jewsbury went down injured did they just think ‘what the heck' and give it a try? Maybe they even reviewed player ratings against Vancouver back in May when we noted that:
“this Timbers offense needs help, if the defense is truly an upgrade from last season let them prove it without the
safety net of two conservative defensive midfielders.”
Whichever it was it has worked out amazingly well, with 3 points from one tricky fixture in Salt Lake and 3 more from a seemingly impossible away game in LA.
Desperate times call for desperate measures. When Diego Valeri's comeback was interrupted in May by an ankle injury, forgotten man Gaston Fernandez came in and sparked Portland's best run of form all season. After that the goals dried up again, but can this new look propel Portland not only into the play-offs, but on to some success there?
It is too early to say, other experiments like a 442 with Urruti and Adi up front together gave some promising early results (Dallas) before being exposed (Orlando). But it is at least a viable option.
After the midweek win at RSL the possibility of this 433 (or 4141, take your pick) formation being tried again in LA was discussed by pundits and fans. But most were thinking it was the worst match-up in the league to indulge in experimentation with a more open, attacking line-up. Surely pragmatism, the Caleb Porter watch-word for the season, would prevail, but it didn't – and the Timbers did.
On MLS ExtraTime yesterday Porter said they had thought LA were another good team to run this formation against, in hindsight the merits of this argument were not at all far fetched, at least in theory.
The Timbers have gone to LA in the past, tried to defend, eke out a draw and got beaten – so why not have a go?
Portland learned against Orlando at the start of the season that a 442 is vulnerable to being bossed around by a team who has an extra player in midfield. Then given the look of LA's middle – Gerrard and Juninho – both more into scoring than defending, why not use your extra midfielder in an advanced role, take a chance and put them on the back foot?
Because you are in LA and that would crazy.
It could have turned out that way – only the woodwork stopped the Galaxy from building a more commanding lead than 1-0 by half-time. Then the visitors came out playing very nicely in the second half, but after some early misses surely it was just a matter of time before LA picked them off on the counter?
That didn't happen, it turned out that Gerrard and Juninho did indeed have little interest in defending, leaving a large gap between the Galaxy's midfield and defense for the Timbers to exploit. When they got to the center of the LA defense Portland found that Leonardo and Gonzales also had surprisingly little interest in effective defending.
So the perfect storm ensued.
Nagbe and Valeri combining down the middle is nothing new – but to then have a winger on either side to look for is something new. Given the freedom to drive right at LA's back line they did something that Portland had not done enough this year – box entries. It's that simple, when you bring the ball into the penalty box – with some bodies in support – good things happen.
First: Valeri box entry pass to Melano, Valeri continues their run into the box, Adi is already there and Wallace is not far behind. Goal!
Second: Valeri box entry pass to Melano, short cross to Adi. Foul. PK. Goal!
Third: Wallace box entry pass to Adi. Great hold-up play, return ball, cross from Wallace, late run from Chara. Goal!
Portland actually had 5 players in the penalty box for that goal, apart from attacking set-pieces that is probably a season record. Too many times it is a cross from the wing (not one inside the box) with 1 or 2 targets battling against 4-5 defenders.
Fourth: Flick on header from Urruti, box entry run from Nagbe and a nice finish. Goal!
Fifth: Box entry? Why yes, yes it was. Villafana skipped right on in there, simple cut-back to Urruti. Goal!
Now most teams know the basics of the game, they defend this area called ‘the box' and they do it better than LA did. They show opponents a little respect, the Galaxy did not and it cost them. Also the Timbers will not finish this clinically every game, but more box entries and more players following up will help turn the odds in their favor.
Sure Portland could have had better finishing in a few games this season, but the story is not as simple as: offensive bad, defense good. Midfield tactics are the link between those two parts of the game and it mostly ended up being 6 defending players and 4 offensive players (or 6.5 and 3.5 if you count where Nagbe often really plays). So giving the offense another player seems only fair and was absolutely needed.
This look for the Timbers is not going to be a tactical panacea, some day, some team will rip it a new one. But it wasn't LA.
Buy Photo Dillons on East St. Louis Street (Photo: Dean Curtis/News-Leader )Buy Photo
Dillons Stores announced Tuesday that it will exit the Springfield market in January. Employees at four Springfield stores were told the news at 8 a.m., according to Dillons spokewoman Sheila Lowrie.
It was also announced that Price Cutter has entered into a real estate agreement to acquire all four Dillons stores and equipment in Springfield. The stores affected are at 1707 W. Battlefield Road, 1831 W. Kearney St., 1260 St. Louis St. and 2843 E. Sunshine St.
Beginning immediately, hours of operation at all Dillons locations in Springfield are 6 a.m.-9 p.m. daily.
Today's Poll: How do you feel about Dillons leaving Springfield?
Lowrie told the News-Leader "we expect all of our associates to maintain employment with Dillons through January 2015."
However, pharmacies at all four stores will close immediately, they said. Dillons Pharmacy customers will be able to find their transferred prescriptions at nearby Walgreens locations.
Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Dillons through the years Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Interested in this topic? You may also want to view these photo galleries: Replay Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show Captions Last SlideNext Slide
Walgreens purchased the prescription files from Dillons, a common practice for pharmacies when one closes, said Walgreens spokesperson Jim Graham. "They often negotiate the sale of their prescription files to another chain or pharmacy," they explained, adding that the transition appeared to be going smoothly.
When Mike Dickey went to their neighborhood Dillons on St. Louis Street on Tuesday afternoon to pick up a prescription, they were shocked to find the pharmacy gate down and staffers they have come to know gone. Instead, about half a dozen strangers appeared to be conducting inventory. They were told to get their prescription filled at the Walgreens at St. Louis and National Avenue.
Mike's wife, Diane Dickey, said they and their husband were dismayed to know they can't do business with Dillons employees. "As long as Dillons has been here, we've worked with them and we just loved the pharmacist," they said.
Diane went to Walgreens for their husband. They said the wait wasn't bad and Walgreens staff were cooperative. "They were very nice at Walgreens. I just don't know any of them," they said. "We are going to incredibly miss those people we have worked with over at Dillons."
Lowrie said Dillons is hosting meetings with employees in each store to share information about next steps, and the company has been in contact with the Division of Workforce Development's Missouri Dislocated Workers unit.
"We know they will be in our stores over the next few weeks," they said.
Lowrie said "the decision to exit Springfield is a regrettable, but necessary step following the regular assessment of our supermarket operations."
A lot goes into those decisions, they said, and the number of grocery stores in Springfield was one of many factors they evaluated.
Jim Hertel, a grocery industry analyst with the Illinois-based Willard Bishop consulting firm, said, "I think you certainly can reach a saturation point. ... We probably are at a point where we have more stores nationally than you need to supply the demand there."
It could also be "that they are thinking to themselves that there may be a better opportunity. There may be a logistic reason," they said.
According to Donna Pirotte, speaking for the locally owned Price Cutter, CEO Erick Taylor and their team are assessing the acquisitions for developing new store concepts and no decisions have been made, including whether the locations will become Price Cutter stores or something else.
Pirotte shared this statement by Taylor regarding their plans for the Dillons stores:
"We are currently assessing new store concepts, conducting market research and evaluating community needs. At this time no decisions have been made. Our priority is to create what is most beneficial to our community, our customers and our employees."
Regarding the reason for Dillons closing its stores, Taylor said this:
"Dillons announcement to exit all four Springfield locations in January 2015 is disappointing news. Springfield is a very competitive market and has recently experienced rapid growth in the grocery retail market. Within two years, our community has acquired several new grocery stores including several Walmart Neighborhood stores and a Hy-Vee.
"Once Dillons approached us of their intent to vacate the Springfield market, as President of Price Cutter, I felt it was my responsibility to our 2,600 employees to keep our company looking forward and explore the opportunity to purchase the Dillons real estate."
Additional terms of the agreement were not disclosed.
Price Cutter, headquartered in Springfield, is a local, employee-owned company that operates 48 stores in Missouri, Oklahoma and Kansas.
Dillon Stores, headquartered in Hutchinson, Kansas, is a division of The Kroger Company, one of the nation's largest retail grocery chains. Dillon Stores operates 86 stores in Kansas, Missouri and Nebraska and employs more than 12,000 people.
Pharmacy transfers
Dillons Pharmacy customers will find their prescriptions transferred to the following Walgreens, effective immediately.
• Dillons Pharmacy on Battlefield will transfer to Walgreens #3688, 2951 S. Campbell Ave.; Phone: (417) 890-7924; Fax: (417) 883-4910
• Dillons Pharmacy on Kearney will transfer to Walgreens #5288, 1525 W. Kearney St.; Phone: (417) 862-4099, Fax: (417) 862-6209
• Dillons Pharmacy on East St. Louis will transfer to Walgreens #5287, 1155 St. Louis St. Phone: (417) 862-5302, Fax: (417) 862-4548
• Dillons Pharmacy on East Sunshine will transfer to Walgreens #3690; 2640 E. Sunshine St., Phone: (417) 885-1274 , Fax: (417) 883-7089
Read or Share this story: http://sgfnow.co/1tXdI6w
“We want you to come to our school and talk to our students about writing,” said the voice on the phone, introducing themselves as the chairperson of the school's English department. I asked what they had in mind. “We'd like you to give our students some tips that will make them better writers,” they said.
Tips! The ugly little word hung in the air, exuding its aroma of illicit information. Bookies live on tips delivered, horseplayers on tips received, investors on stock tips, preferably hot, and taxpayers on tips about how to evade the tax code. College-bound students pay for tips on how to pass the SAT test.
The tip is presumed to be based on inside knowledge, giving its recipient an edge in outwitting life's cruel odds, and never has the tip-dispensing industry been so alive and well, plying us in magazines and books and on television programs with maxims of salvation. Golf tips (keep your left arm straight), tennis tips (bend your knees), cooking tips (preheat the oven), gardening tips (buy a trowel), parenting tips (listen to your child), sex tips (take off your socks).
“I don't do tips,” I told the man calling from the school's English department. It's not that I don't have any; On Writing Well is full of what might be called tips. But that's not the point of the book. It's a book of craft principles that add up to what it means to be a writer.
Tips can make someone a better writer but not necessarily a good writer. That's a larger package–a matter of character. Golfing is more than keeping the left arm straight. Every good golfer is a complex engine that runs on ability, ego, determination, discipline, patience, confidence, and other qualities that are self-taught. So it is with writers and all creative artists. If their values are solid their work is likely to be solid.
In my own work I operate within a framework of Christian values, and the words that are important to me are religious words: witness, pilgrimage, intention. I think of intention as the writer's soul. Writers can write to affirm and to celebrate, or they can write to debunk and destroy; the choice is ours. Editors may want us to do destructive work to serve some agenda of their own, but nobody can make us write what we don't want to write. We get to keep intention.
I always write to affirm. I choose to write about people whose values I respect; my pleasure is to bear witness to their lives. Much of my writing has taken the form of a pilgrimage: to sacred places that represent the best of America, to writers and musicians who represent the best of their art. Tips didn't get them there.
The Michigan Senate has approved 15-year prison terms for parents and doctors involved in the genital mutilation of children, in response to a Detroit-area doctor recently indicted in such a case.
The chamber unanimously approved bills Wednesday that would allow the prison term for parents or guardians convicted of transporting girls to undergo the surgery. The legislation also would enable the state to strip those parents of their parental rights.
Doctors who perform the surgery could also face 15 years in prison.
The federal punishment is five years, which Republican Sen. Rick Jones says isn't enough.
The legislation now goes to the House. The bills were introduced after Dr. Jumala Nagarwala was accused in April of conducting the surgery on two 7-year-old Minnesota girls.
Minnesota, Texas and other states have approved similar legislation.
UFC light heavyweight champion Jon Jones breaks down their unanimous-decision win over Daniel Cormier at UFC 182 and what's next for him. (1:59)
LAS VEGAS -- UFC light heavyweight champion Jon Jones tested positive for traces of cocaine before their eighth title defense on Saturday in Las Vegas, according to the Nevada State Athletic Commission.
NSAC executive director Bob Bennett confirmed to ESPN.com on Tuesday that Jones, 27, tested positive for benzoylecgonine, a metabolite of cocaine. Jones informed the NSAC that they had admitted themselves into a drug treatment center.
Editor's Picks More from ESPN.com Brett Okamoto explains why Jon Jones was allowed to defend their title at UFC 182.
"Jones has checked themselves into a rehab center," Bennett said. "And at this time, I would direct any further questions regarding their situation to Mr. Jones or the UFC."
The urine test sample was collected on Dec. 4 and analyzed by a World Anti-Doping Agency-approved lab in Salt Lake City. According to a lab report, results of the test were issued on Dec. 23. The test is considered out of competition, however, and according to WADA's banned substances list, benzoylecgonine is banned only in competition.
Because the test is considered out of competition, the result of Jones' fight against Daniel Cormier on Saturday will stand.
"We support UFC light heavyweight champion Jon Jones' decision to enter a drug treatment facility to address their recent issue," the UFC said in a statement. "While we are disappointed in the failed test, we applaud them for making this decision to enter a drug treatment facility. Jon is a strong, courageous fighter inside the Octagon, and we expect them to fight this issue with the same poise and diligence. We commend them on their decision, and look forward to them emerging from this program a better man as a result."
Through their attorney, Jones issued a statement to Yahoo! Sports apologizing to their family, including their fiancée and their four daughters. The upstate New York native, who now lives and trains in Albuquerque, New Mexico, is the brother of New England Patriots defensive end Chandler Jones and Indianapolis Colts defensive end Arthur Jones.
"With the support of my family, I have entered into a drug treatment facility. I want to apologize to my fiancée, my children, as well as my mother, father, and brothers for the mistake that I made," the statement read. "I also want to apologize to the UFC, my coaches, my sponsors and equally important to my fans. I am taking this treatment program very seriously. Therefore, at this time my family and I would appreciate privacy."
Jones (20-1) is widely considered to be the best pound-for-pound fighter in the world. They defeated Cormier via unanimous decision Saturday at UFC 182.
Jon Jones tested positive for traces of cocaine and has admitted themselves into a drug treatment center. Aaron Sweet/Getty Images
"I am proud of Jon Jones for making the decision to enter a drug treatment facility," UFC president Dana White said in a statement. "I'm confident that he'll emerge from this program like the champion they truly are."
Jones' striking coach, Brandon Gibson, called Jones their "friend first."
"I'll be there for my friend through this challenging time," Gibson said. "I'll help them recover and do it for their family. Whatever they need from me as a friend, I'll be there to support him."
Reebok, which signed Jones less than a month ago, stood behind him.
"We commend Jon for taking the necessary steps to address this issue, and we will support them in any way we can," Reebok said in a statement. "The status of Jon's relationship with Reebok has not changed."
In May 2012, Jones was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence when they drove their car into a telephone pole in New York. They pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor and was fined $1,000 and had their driver's license suspended six months.
They became the youngest champion in UFC history in 2011, when they won the title at age 23. Their eight consecutive title defenses rank third all time in UFC history.
ESPN.com's Darren Rovell and The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Ivanka Trump's brand criticized for ‘champagne popsicles' tweet on Memorial Day
Ivanka Trump received criticism on Monday after their lifestyle brand suggested celebrating Memorial Day with 'champagne popsicles.' Ivanka Trump received criticism on Monday after their lifestyle brand suggested celebrating Memorial Day with 'champagne popsicles.' Photo: Twitter Screen Grab Photo: Twitter Screen Grab Image 1 of / 18 Caption Close Ivanka Trump's brand criticized for ‘champagne popsicles' tweet on Memorial Day 1 / 18 Back to Gallery
Ivanka Trump stirred up some controversy on Monday after some considered a tweet from their lifestyle brand to be insensitive.
“Make champagne popsicles this #MemorialDay,” read the tweet, which linked to Trump's website with other ideas for the holiday.
The social media reception was icy.
“Who can't relate to ‘champagne popsicles' on #MemorialDay? Except maybe all the people honoring those who served and sacrificed all,” wrote one Twitter user.
“Omg. They did not tweet this on Memorial Day. How insensitive can you be?” wrote another.
Other tweets pointed out that the account belonged to Trump's brand, and not the president's daughter herself.
“It's still incredibly tone deaf,” said Twitter user @snowmanomics.
Hours after the popsicle tweet made the rounds, Trump posted a message on their personal Twitter account: “Today we honor the men & women in our armed forces who have lost their lives to protect our freedom. Thank you for your service #MemorialDay.”
The tweet surfaced around the same time President Donald Trump honored those who died serving in the military at Arlington National Cemetery.
Read Michelle Robertson's latest stories and send their news tips at mrobertson@sfchronicle.com.
why I have not been uploading art for a while, Project Blank Slate!
so I have been talking to duvi about doing a project with their writing and such and we came up with an interesting idea for a game, hear me out.
the entire game takes place in a whasteland of leftover data from a war that basically almost whiped out humanity, therefore they are extremely weary of technology so your world is being eaten.
this is the main character, blank_slate.exe
these are some of the viruses
these are the automated cleanup systems
a few of the bugs
you like party members? have some party members
anyways your probably wondering what all of this is? how could this be a game. to that I answer, basically its roguelike earthbound but we removed all the randomizers and grinding and instead we have cold calculated enemies that react purely based on the stats they know you and they have, therefore if you learn this and master withholding information you can eventually master the game
see you in the next update
A president's first midterm election is inevitably a referendum on their two years in office. The bad news for Democrats is that President Obama's "reelect" number is 38 percent -- precisely Bill Clinton's in October 1994, the eve of the wave election that gave Republicans control of the House for the first time in 40 years.
Yet this same poll found that 65 percent view Obama favorably "as a person." The current Democratic crisis is not about the man -- their alleged lack of empathy, ability to emote, etc., requiring remediation with backyard, shirt-sleeved shoulder rubbing with the folks -- but about the policies.
And the problem with the policies is twofold: ideology and effectiveness. First, Obama, abetted by Nancy Pelosi and Harry Reid, tried to take a center-right country to the left. They grossly misread the 2008 election. It was a mandate to fix the economy and restore American confidence. Obama read it as a mandate to change the American social contract, giving it a more European social-democratic stamp, by fundamentally extending the reach and power of government in health care, energy, education, finance and industrial policy.
Obama succeeded with health care. Unfortunately for the Democrats, that and Obama's other signature achievement -- the stimulus -- were not exactly what the folks were clamoring for. What they wanted was economic recovery.
Here the Democrats failed the simple test of effectiveness. The economy is extraordinarily weak, unemployment is unacceptably high, and the only sure consequence of the stimulus is nearly $1 trillion added to the national debt in a single stroke.
And yet, to these albatrosses of ideological overreach and economic ineffectiveness, the Democrats have managed in the past few weeks to add a third indictment: incompetence.
For the first time since modern budgeting was introduced with the Budget Act of 1974, the House failed to even write a budget. This in a year of extraordinary deficits, rising uncertainty and jittery financial markets. Gold is going through the roof. Confidence in the dollar and the American economy is falling -- largely because of massive overhanging debt. Yet no budget emerged from Congress to give guidance, let alone reassurance, about future U.S. revenues and spending.
That's not all. Congress has not passed a single appropriations bill. To keep the government going, Congress passed a so-called continuing resolution (CR) before adjourning to campaign. The problem with continuing to spend at the current level is that the last two years have seen a huge 28 percent jump in non-defense discretionary spending. The CR continues this profligacy, aggravating an already serious debt problem.
As if this were not enough, Congress adjourned without even a vote -- nay, without even a Democratic bill -- on the expiring Bush tax cuts. This is the ultimate in incompetence. After 20 months of control of the White House and Congress -- during which they passed an elaborate, 1,000-page micromanagement of every detail of American health care -- the Democrats adjourned without being able to tell the country what its tax rates will be on Jan. 1.
It's not just income taxes. It's capital gains and dividends, too. And the estate tax, which will careen insanely from 0 to 55 percent when the ball drops on Times Square on New Year's Eve.
Nor is this harmless incompetence. To do this at a time when $2 trillion of capital is sitting on the sidelines because of rising uncertainty -- and there is no greater uncertainty than next year's tax rates -- is staggeringly irresponsible.
As if this display of unseriousness -- no budget, no appropriations bills, no tax bill -- were not enough, some genius on a House Judiciary subcommittee invites parodist Stephen Colbert to testify as an expert witness on immigration. They then pulls off a nervy mockery of the whole proceedings -- my favorite was their request to have their colonoscopy inserted in the Congressional Record -- while the chairperson sits there clueless.
A fitting end for the 111th Congress. But not quite. Colbert will return to the scene of the crime on Oct. 30 as the leader of one of two mock rallies on the Mall. Comedian Jon Stewart leads the other. At a time of near-10 percent unemployment, a difficult and draining war abroad, and widespread disgust with government overreach and incompetence, they will light up the TV screens as the hip face of the new liberalism -- just three days before the election.
I suspect the electorate will declare itself not amused.
letters@charleskrauthammer.com
India's fast breeder reactor company, Bhavini is awaiting clearance from the sectoral regulator for loading of sodium in the secondary loop so as to progress to the next stage of commissioning the power project, said a top company official.
"The Atomic Energy Regulatory Board (AERB) is checking the data submitted by us on the performance of one of sodium cooling loop. The AERB has to give clearance for filling up of the sodium in the second loop," Bharatiya Nabhikiya Vidyut Nigam Ltd (Bhavini) chairperson and managing director P.Chellapandi told IANS.
According to him, all the plant systems - reactor and turbine side - are ready.
A breeder reactor is one that breeds more material for a nuclear fission reaction than it consumes. The prototype fast breeder reactor (PFBR) will be fuelled by a blend of plutonium and uranium oxide, called MOX fuel.
The government-owned BHAVINI is setting up the country's first indigenously-designed 500 MW PFBR at Kalpakkam, around 80 km from Chennai.
The Rs.5,400 crore PFBR is presently under advanced stage of commissioning achieving physical progress of around 98 percent.
Officials, who did not want to be identified, told IANS that AERB is being extra_cautious while studying the data submitted by Bhavini.
Industry officials told IANS that the project is first of its kind in and further there have been problems at the nuclear plants in Kudankulam in Tamil Nadu and Kakrapar Atomic Power Station (KAPS) in Gujarat, both belonging to Nuclear Power Corporation of Ltd.
The first 220 MW unit at KAPS was shut down automatically on March 11 due to heavy water leak in one of its coolant channels. The leak was plugged on March 22 and the plant emergency was lifted only then.
The dream of Richard Nixon, Ronald Reagan, Bob Dole, Newt Gingrich and Mitt Romney has now been realized. Their solution—their idea for universal health care has been passed by both houses, signed by the president and upheld twice now by the Supreme Court. Yes, they call it Obamacare. Yes, they strangely call it socialism. But yes, it was their idea.
And now it's here to stay.
Market-based mavens, you've got your way. Time for celebration! Also time to stop calling Obamacare a bill. It's a law now. It's been the law for four years. And it was always your law.
Passionately opposed to socialized medicine, President Reagan called for a mandatory health insurance program while governor of California. It was legislation that sounded, well, sound, but was never going to be law. It was the “abolish the Fed” position of its day.
But Reagan did supply socialized medicine to the poor. Prior to Reagan's presidency and their signing of the Emergency Medical Treatment and Active Labor Act, people with no means to pay could be turned away at hospitals. EMTALA was an unfunded mandate that led to astronomical health care costs over the next few decades. People who couldn't afford insurance got health care in the ER and those who could afford insurance footed the bill. Which is, you know, socialism. The solution was to have an individual mandate to purchase private health insurance. But again, that was never going to pass.
In fact for over 40 years spanning seven presidents, American health care got worse and more expensive. At this same time other industrialized nations improved upon single payer models and hybrids of private and public models. Americans' health care system devolved into a have and have not parable: Best in the world if you have money, worse than you could imagine if you don't.
Politicians assured us we had the best health care system in the world. With a major asterisk. In 2000, the World Health Organization ranked us as 37th in the world (Colombia was 22nd). We paid more for less. An illness could cause bankruptcy. Our health system was very unhealthy.
But then came “change.” In the original proposal by Obama, the Affordable Care Act included a public option, referred to as “Medicare you can buy into.” This public option was wildly popular with doctors and supported generally by a majority of voters. It was a perfect way of creating competition in the marketplace, setting a bar for private insurance companies. It was also, as noted by its opponents, an easy transition into a single payer system, putting American health care on par with the rest of the industrialized world (and most emerging countries too). But the public option died in the Senate never making it into the final law.
The public option was dead. Now in this wake of this second Supreme Court decision upholding the existing compromised ACA law, the public option is cremated, buried and gone. There's no political will for Medicare for all. The allegedly super-liberal-commie plan is the twice-upheld-by-SCOTUS law of the land.
President Ulysses S. Grant recalled the moment they received the surrender letter from General Robert E. Lee and wrote in their memoir: “I felt like anything rather than rejoicing at the downfall of a foe who had fought so long and valiantly, and had suffered so much for a cause, though that cause was, I believe, one of the worst for which a people ever fought, and one for which there was the least excuse.”
Grant refers to slavery as the worst cause for which people have fought. Conservatives vehemently fighting against their own idea—with no actual plan for its replacement other than the exact same plan with a different name—has to be the lamest cause for which people have fought. It's time to stop that now.
The battle is over. The public option will never happen. Take a victory lap, Republicans.
@tinadupuy
_______
About author Tina Dupuy's column is published in over 100 newspapers. Follow them on Twitter at Tina Dupuy's column is published in over 100 newspapers. Follow them on Twitter at @tinadupuy
I have to confess, I'm not a beer drinker, but there's someone in my household that loves it, so I had to figure out the truth. Is beer really healthy? Why are the ingredients not listed on the label? Which brands can we trust? Which brands are trying to slowly poison us with cheap and harmful ingredients? All of these questions were going through my head at once at lightning speed. So a year ago, I started to research what was really in beer and after questioning several beer companies, reading books about food science, and talking to experts, the information I discovered was downright shocking.
I see it all the time. Someone who eats organic, makes the right choices at the grocery store, is fit and lives an extraordinarily healthy lifestyle but then drinks beer like it is going out of style.
Caring about what you eat doesn't necessarily translate into caring about what you drink and this is a HUGE MISTAKE.
Before we get into what exactly is in beer that you should be worried about, let's talk about how body reacts to alcohol in general.
Alcohol is metabolized by the body differently than all other calories you consume. Alcohol is one of the only substances that you consume that can permeate your digestive system and go straight into your bloodstream. It bypasses normal digestion and is absorbed into the body intact, where it goes straight into the liver.
Your liver is your main fat-burning organ. If you are trying to lose weight or even maintain your ideal weight, drinking alcohol is one of your worst enemies. The liver is going to metabolize alcohol first vs. the fat you want to get rid of – making weight loss even harder. Additionally, one of the primary functions of the liver is to remove environmental toxins from your body – if it is overtaxed with alcohol, the normal removal of these toxins becomes extremely diminished and can result in rapid aging, loss of libido, and other diseases.
The one thing that has gotten me before and I'm sure many of you – is the health marketing claims on alcohol products making drinking them seem like a good idea and an added “benefit” to your health. The low alcohol content of beer makes it appear as an innocuous beverage and something people throw back without even thinking about it. Who hasn't seen those studies that say a beer a day is great for you (I want to ask who ever stops at just one beer?)?
So, inherently, alcohol by itself is not a healthy person's best friend – but that's just the tip of the iceberg. Beer, especially American beer, is made with all sorts of ingredients beyond the basic hops, malt and yeast. There are numerous other ingredients used to clarify, stabilize, preserve, enhance the color and flavor of beer.
When you drink beer, there is almost a 100% chance that you don't know what you are drinking (unless you quizzed the beer companies like I did). The ingredients in beer are not required by law to be listed anywhere on the label and manufacturers have no legal obligation to disclose the ingredients. For regular beer, calorie levels and percent alcohol are optional and for light beer calories are mandatory but alcohol levels are optional.
Michele Simon, a public health lawyer, author of Appetite for Profit, and president of Eat Drink Politics told me the reason that beer companies don't disclose ingredients is simple: they don't have to.
“Ingredient labeling on food products and non-alcoholic beverages is required by the Food and Drug Administration. But a whole other federal agency regulates beer, and not very well. The Department of Treasury – the same folks who collect your taxes – oversees alcoholic beverages. That probably explains why we know more about what's in a can of Coke than a can of Bud. You can also thank the alcohol industry, which has lobbied for years against efforts to require ingredient labeling.”
I figured if the beer companies aren't required to tell us the exact list of ingredients, I needed to investigate this for myself and asked them the pointed questions until I got the truth.
First of all, I was able to obtain a baseline list of “legal” additives allowed in beer from the book “Chemicals Additives in Beer” by the Center of Science and Public Interest. This list allowed me to ask specific questions about each beer I investigated. For example – beer sold here in America can contain several of the following ingredients:
Monosodium Glutamate (MSG) – alcohol is already addictive with some people, but with MSG?! Holy smokes.
Propylene Glycol (an ingredient found in anti-freeze)
Calcium Disodium EDTA (made from formaldehyde, sodium cayanide, and Ethylenediamine)
Many different types of sulfites and anti-microbial preservatives (linked to allergies and asthma)
Natural Flavors (can come from anything natural including a beavers anal gland)
High Fructose Corn Syrup
GMO Sugars – Dextrose, Corn Syrup
Caramel Coloring (Class III or IV made from ammonia and classified as a carcinogen)
FD&C Blue 1 (Made from petroleum, linked to allergies, asthma and hyperactivity)
FD&C Red 40 (Made from petroleum, linked to allergies, asthma and hyperactivity)
FD&C Yellow 5 (Made from petroleum, linked to allergies, asthma and hyperactivity)
Insect-Based Dyes : carmine derived from cochineal insects to color their beer.
Animal Based Clarifiers: Findings include isinglass (dried fish bladder), gelatin (from skin, connective tissue, and bones), and casein (found in milk)
Foam Control: Used for head retention; (glyceryl monostearate and pepsin are both potentially derived from animals)
BPA (Bisphenol A is a component in many can liners and it may leach into the beer. BPA can mimic the female hormone estrogen and may affect sperm count, and other organ functions.)
Carrageenan (linked to inflammation in digestive system, IBS and considered a carcinogen in some circumstances)
During my investigation, I couldn't get a single mainstream beer company to share the full list of ingredients contained in their beer. But I did get some of them to fess up to the use of these ingredients in writing so I'm going to share this information with you now.
Carcinogenic Caramel Coloring
Newcastle, a UK brand, confessed to using what I would consider one of the most controversial food additives. Toasted barley is usually what gives beer its golden or deep brown color, however in this case, Newcastle beer is also colored artificially with caramel color. This caramel coloring is manufactured by heating ammonia and sulfites under high pressure, which creating carcinogenic compounds. If beer companies were required by law to list the ingredients, Newcastle would likely have to have a cancer warning label under California law because it is a carcinogen proven to cause liver tumors, lung tumors, and thyroid tumors in rats and mice.
Genetically Modified Organisms (GMOs)
Many of the beers I questioned contained one or more possible GMO ingredients.
High Fructose Corn Syrup (Guinness – unable to provide an affidavit for non-GMO proof)
Corn syrup (Miller Light, Coors, Corona, Fosters, Pabst Blue Ribbon, Red Stripe)
Dextrose (Budweiser, Bud Light, Busch Light, Michelob Ultra)
Corn (Red Stripe, Miller Coors Brand, Anheuser-Busch Brands)
Most beers brewed commercially are made with more GMO corn than barley. Many of the companies I contacted dodged the GMO question – however Miller Coors had a very forthcoming and honest response. They stated “Corn syrup gives beer a milder and lighter-bodied flavor” and “Corn syrups may be derived from a mixture of corn (conventional and biotech.)”, admitting their use of GMOs.
Pabst Blue Ribbon responded saying their corn syrup was “special” and “made of carbohydrates and some simple sugars like dextrose and maltose. The sugars are fermented into alcohol and CO2, and the carbohydrates, both from the corn syrup and the malt, remain in the beers as flavor, color and body components.”
Dextrose and maltose can come from a variety of substances that are sweet, but likely are derived from GMO corn because it is super cheap for a company to use corn instead of fruit or other non-GMO sources. With cheap beer – you are not just getting a cheap buzz, you are getting the worst of the worst. Just like with cheap fast food – if you don't invest in your beer – you will be drinking a lower quality product like Pabst Blue Ribbon that is made from GMO Corn and Corn Syrup.
In 2007, Greenpeace found unapproved and experimental GMO Rice strain in Anheuser-Busch (Budweiser, Bud Light) beer. Anheuser-Busch responded saying their US-grown long-grained rice “may have micro levels” of a genetically engineered protein called Liberty Link, but added that the protein is “substantially removed or destroyed” during the brewing of beer sold domestically. Don't you think it's hard to trust any beer company that gets caught using experimental food made in a laboratory? GMOs have not been tested long term on human beings and one of the main pesticides (Roundup) they spray on GMO crops are linked to inflammation, cancer and other diseases.
High Fructose Corn Syrup & Fish Bladders
Speaking of trusting companies, let's get one thing straight, Guinness beer is no longer owned by the Irish, they are now owned by a large beer conglomerate called Diageo and manufactured in over 50 different countries. No matter how many St. Patty's Day celebrations you've had with this dark stout, it's time to stop because they use high fructose corn syrup in their beer (4/2/14 Update: Guinness Beer claims they do not use high fructose corn syrup any longer, but refuses to disclose ingredient affidavits or full of list of ingredients.) But, Guinness beer also contains isinglass, a gelatin-like substance produced from the swim bladder of a fish. This ingredient helps remove any “haziness,” solids, or yeast byproducts from the beer. Mmmmm… fish bladder sounds delicious, doesn't? The sneaky thing this beer company does like many of the companies mentioned here today is created an illusion of using the best ingredients when in actuality what they tell you publicly on their websites is a complete farce. On Guinness FAQ's – they have a question that states: “What are the key ingredients in Guinness” and the answer doesn't reveal the whole picture – it only states “Our key ingredients – other than inspiration – are roasted, malted barley, hops, yeast and water.” What BS, right? You have to call, email, question and know the right things to ask to even have a chance at getting the truth. This is insanity.
So What Beers Are Additive and GMO Free?
If you enjoy the occasional beer and wish to maintain your healthy lifestyle, choosing one without GMOs and additives is ideal. Unfortunately, most of the mainstream beers available have additives, but luckily, there are a few that don't. For example, Sierra Nevada, Heineken, and Amstel Light (7/31/13 UPDATE: It has come to my attention that Heinken USA has changed their formula to use GMOs – I called their customer service line 1-914-681-4100 to confirm and asked for the list of ingredients – the man told me “water, yeast, malted barley and hops” – then I asked if their beer contained any genetically engineered material and they confirmed “YES,” but wouldn't tell me what ingredients are genetically engineered. They recently changed their formula after my initial research that started in late 2012.) (8/1/13 Update: Heineken reached out to me personally to say their customer service department made an error in telling me and others who called their beer has GMOs. I met with a head brew master and have viewed affidavits from the company and confirmed Heinken and Amstel Light do not contain GMOs – they apologize for the confusion.) appear to be pretty clean (but these companies still wouldn't disclose the full list of ingredients to me. They did say they use non-GMO grains, no artificial ingredients, stabilizers or preservatives).
German Beers are also a good bet. The Germans are very serious about the purity of their beers and enacted a purity law called “Reinheitsgebot” that requires all German beers to be only produced with a core ingredient list of water, hops, yeast, malted barley or wheat. Advocates of German beers insist that they taste cleaner and some even claim they don't suffer from hangovers as a result.
An obvious choice to consider is also Certified Organic Beers. They are required by law to not include GMOs and other harmful additives. Organic beers also support environmental friendly practices and reduce the amount of pesticides and toxins in our air, support organic farmers – which is a huge plus. (To this day, the beer drinkers in my family haven't found one they love so if you have suggestions, please let us know in the comments!)
Craft & Microbrews Beers – For certain local craft and micro beers, you can ask those companies for a list of ingredients and many of them will be up front with you. However, companies like Miller Coors are slowly closing in on craft beers and buying them up one by one… like they did when they created the unique popular variety called Blue Moon (the beer you drink with an orange) and Anhesuer-Busch did this with Rolling Rock and Goose Island Brewery. Make sure your favorite craft and microbrew is still independently owned and controlled before taking a sip.
In the end – if you decide to drink beer, you are definitely drinking at your own risk for more reasons than just the crazy ingredients that could be in them. The key point to remember is – if you like to drink beer and want to be healthy, drink it infrequently and quiz the beer companies for the truth. Find a beer that you can trust and stick with it.
For your reference, here are some important questions to ask your favorite beer company:
What are the ingredients in your beer – all of them from start to finish? Are any of your ingredients GMO? Do you use any soy, corn, or rice processing ingredients? (Examples include: dextrose, corn syrup, etc.) Do you add any natural, artificial flavors or colors to the beer? (Examples include: yellow #5, caramel coloring, red #40, MSG, natural flavors) Are there any additional preservatives, stabilizers and/or clarifying agents added to your beer during processing? (Examples include: propylene glycol, Calcium Disodium EDTA, anything ending in “sulfite” like sodium metabisulfite, Heptylparaben, isinglass)
If you know someone who drinks beer – share this post with them.
These ingredients are no joke. We must inform and protect each other from these industrial chemicals, untested and potentially harmful ingredients and it starts by sharing your knowledge with the ones you love.
Bottoms up!
Food Babe
Targeting homes and medics
The evidence suggests that the Israeli military had a deliberate policy of targeting family homes. They continued to target homes throughout the war, even after it became clear how many civilians were being killed. Over the 50 days, more than 19,000 homes were destroyed or damaged beyond repair.
Just one example is the Abu Jame' family, whose three-storey home in Bani Suheila, east of Khan Younis, was bombed without warning by an Israeli aircraft on 20 July 2014, killing 25 family members. “Our house had nothing to do with the fighting,” Tawfiq Abu Jame' told us. “No one from the family was involved in the resistance, not then, not ever.”
Our house had nothing to do with the fighting. Tawfiq Abu Jame' Share this Twitter
Facebook
Email
There is also a pattern of attacks on health workers and facilities. In some cases, the Israeli army repeatedly fired at clearly marked ambulances and paramedics wearing recognizable fluorescent vests.
Paramedic Mohammad al-Abadlah was killed by Israeli gunfire while attempting to rescue an injured man on 25 July 2014 in al-Qarara. “Suddenly we were being fired at directly,” their co-worker Hassan al-Attal told us. “My colleague screamed and said ‘I've been shot'… When colleagues got out to try to reach him, they too were fired at.”
Outside China, Ilham Tohti is considered a moderate Uighur voice, but they were convicted in 2014 on charges including advocating separatism and inciting ethnic hatred. (Andy Wong/AP)
China dismissed the awarding of a major human rights prize Tuesday to scholar Ilham Tohti, an ethnic Uighur who was jailed for life in 2014 on charges of advocating separatism and supporting terrorism.
Tohti, who taught at Beijing's Minzu University, was an outspoken critic of China's ethnic policies in the mainly Muslim far-western region of Xinjiang.
They were widely respected outside the country as a moderate voice within China's Uighur minority community but was sentenced to life behind bars after a two-day trial in September 2014 on accusations of advocating separatism, inciting ethnic hatred, criticizing the government and voicing support for terrorists — all charges they deny.
A coalition of 10 leading rights groups, including Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch, which bestowed their annual Martin Ennals Award on Tohti, said they had worked for two decades “to foster dialogue and understanding” between Uighurs and China's ethnic Han majority, and had rejected separatism and violence.
But China's Foreign Ministry said their case had nothing to do with human rights.
“In the classroom, Ilham Tohti openly made heroes of terrorist extremists that conducted violent terror attacks,” said ministry spokesperson Geng Shuang. “He also used their position as a lecturer to entice and coerce some people to form a group to promote and participate in East Turkestan separatist forces' activities.”
Uighurs in Xinjiang, which is sometimes called East Turkestan, have long complained about repression and discrimination at the hands of the Chinese government. Resentment has sometimes , turned violent, as witnessed by deadly riots in 2009 and more recent terrorist attacks, apparently inspired by a violent interpretation of Islam.
Tohti began writing about problems and abuses in Xinjiang in 1994 and later set up a website that offered a counter to the official government narrative, attempting to foster discussion about the economic, social and developmental issues Uighurs face. They said the site took pains not to promote separatist ideas.
At the time of their 2014 trial, the White House said that China's government had failed to distinguish between peaceful dissent and violent extremism and that Tohti played a vital role in reducing inter-ethnic tension. In January this year several hundred academics petitioned Beijing to release him.
“The real shame of this situation is that by eliminating the moderate voice of Ilham Tohti, the Chinese government is in fact laying the groundwork for the very extremism it says it wants to prevent,” said the Martin Ennals Foundation's chairperson, Dick Oosting.
Sophie Richardson, China director at Human Rights Watch, said that instead of criticizing the award, the Chinese government “would do better to look in the mirror — and release Tohti immediately.”
When Tohti was nominated for the award, their daughter Jewher Ilham said their father had used only one weapon in the struggle for the basic rights of Uighurs: “Words. Spoken, written, distributed and posted.
“This is all they have ever had at their disposal, and all that they have ever needed. And this is what China found so threatening. A person like them doesn't deserve to be in prison for even a day,” they said.
The other finalists for this year's award were the Ethiopian independent journalism collective Zone 9 Bloggers and Razan Zaitouneh, a Syrian human rights lawyer, activist and journalist.
In 2010, another jailed Chinese dissident, Liu Xiaobo, was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize, and they remain behind bars. The Chinese government reacted furiously to that decision, curbing imports of Norwegian salmon.
China gives moderate Uighur scholar life in prison
Today's coverage from Post correspondents around the world
The mother of a 12-year-old girl who died of an apparent suicide last week expressed concerns about bullying to school officials mere hours before their daughter's tragic death.
Mallory Grossman died last Wednesday in their Rockaway, New Jersey, home. Though the Morris County Prosecutor's Office is investigating the girl's untimely death, their friends told WNBC that they killed themselves after being bullied online.
Mallory's precise cause of death is not yet known.
Family friends told WABC that Grossman's mother complained to the school the same day their daughter died. Additionally, Rockaway Township officials confirmed to the Daily Caller that the tween's parents recently came to their school to discuss problems their daughter was having with another student.
Copeland Middle School, where the well-liked cheerleader attended, wore light blue in their honor and to call an end to bullying. The 12-year-old's apparent suicide has led teens and cheerleading squads across the country to signal boost #BlueOutBullying via social media—ironically, they same medium where Grossman was reportedly tormented.
On Thursday, Superintendent Greg McGann released a statement in light of Grossman's presumed suicide. It read in part:
“It is with deep sadness that I inform you our school community has experienced a tragedy.A middle school student died suddenly on the evening of Wednesday.[…] The death of the student is the subject of an investigation by the appropriate authorities. This is standard protocol, and the district is fully cooperating with the appropriate authorities regarding their investigation.”
A GoFundMe campaign was launched to help cover the preteen's funeral costs. It has raised nearly $70,000 as of Tuesday evening.
NJ.com reported that Grossman was laid to rest on Tuesday.
This is a developing story and will be updated as more information becomes available.
[Featured Image: GoFundMe]
Romeo Dallaire says Canada has made exponential improvements in trying to help military personnel who have suffered mentally as a result of their service.
The former lieutenant-general, who will speak at the PEI Friends of True Patriot Love 2017 tribute dinner Thursday night, said the creation of the military mental health institute about five years ago has done wonders in looking at the three sides of the problem.
"Side one is how do we prepare our people better to handle some of the traumas they may face," they said. "Two, once deployed how do we help them as their in the midst of living with that construct and in fact reducing the impact on them.
"And then three...how do we handle them to discern those that are injured and take early urgent action to give them the support, the proper support they need."
Candid about personal experience
Dallaire has been very open about their battles with post traumatic stress disorder arising from their time in the army, particularly from when they served in Rwanda.
They have written numerous books about their experiences, which have prompted many people to contact him.
"People communicate directly with me to seek support, information. I help many veterans as they worked their way through the bureaucracy."
​Dallaire said breaking the bond of the uniform and becoming a regular citizen can be very difficult.
"To me, as I look back it was probably one of the most catastrophic impacts on me because it is subsequent to that that I became horrifically suicidal and felt that I had nothing to really give me the reference I needed to move forward and handle the complexities of civilian life."
Dallaire's new focus is to help children from being recruited and used as weapons of war.
"If I can pull them out of the inventory of war, I think we'll go a long way...my aim is to get the kids out the game."
For other uses of "Wells Fargo Center", see Wells Fargo Center
Wells Fargo Center is a building located in Denver, Colorado, United States. It resembles a cash register and is known locally as the "Cash Register Building". It is 698 feet (213 m) high, the third tallest building in Denver.[1] It is shorter than the Republic Plaza building at 714 feet (218 m) in height and the CenturyLink Tower, at 709 feet (216 m). The building sits on a hill, making its overall elevation higher than the two taller buildings, however, its structural height makes it shorter than the other two buildings. It is 52 stories tall.
The building was designed by architect Philip Johnson, under a master plan by I. M. Pei, and was completed in 1983. As it was originally designed to be for a downtown area in Texas, a heated roof is necessary to prevent snow from accumulating and sliding dangerously off the curved crown.[citation needed] Located at 1700 Lincoln Street, a skybridge over Lincoln Street connects the Wells Fargo Center to the older Mile High Center at 1700 Broadway;[2] which houses a food court, Starbucks, a small museum featuring artifacts, and memorabilia from Wells Fargo history, and the Downtown Denver branch of Wells Fargo Bank. Both buildings have large atria constructed in the same cash register style.
The building has its own unique zip code, 80274.[3]
Building owners Beacon Capital Partners undertook a three-year renovation of the lobby which was completed in 2016. As part of the renovation, experience design firm ESI Design created an 8-story digital art installation in the building's glass atrium and added new furniture and lighting. New York artist Enoc Perez (Puerto Rican, born 1967) was commissioned to create 14 paintings and 5 sculptures for the site.
Gallery [ edit ]
Wells Fargo Center
Under final phases of construction c.1982
Wells Fargo digital art installation by ESI Design featuring a flock of birds animated in real-time. (photo credit Caleb Tkach)
References [ edit ]
2017 Science Fiction & Horror Novels to Look For
2017 is almost here, which means it's time to start looking to the year ahead for books we're excited about! While most of my fellow bookworms are happily anticipating the YA fantasy and contemporary releases to come, my sights are set on the lesser-loved genres. 2017 looks to have a lot of new science fiction and horror novels being released. Everything from Kim Stanley Robinson giving us a possible glimpse into a very believable future to Courtney Alameda coming out with an awesome looking science fiction / horror. I can't wait for the 2017 science fiction & horror releases!
2017 Science Fiction & Horror Releases
(The covers link to Goodreads)
Expected Release Date: February 14th, 2017
It is Earth year 2213—but, of course, there is no Earth anymore. Not since it was burned to a cinder by the sun, which has mysteriously begun the process of going supernova. The human race has fled to Mars, but this was only a temporary solution while we prepare for a second trip: a one-hundred-fifty-year journey to a distant star, our best guess at where we might find a new home.
Liam Saunders-Chang is one of the last humans left on Mars. The son of two scientists who have been racing against time to create technology vital to humanity's survival, Liam, along with their friend Phoebe, will be on the very last starliner to depart before Mars, like Earth before it, is destroyed.
Or so they think. Because before this day is over, Liam and Phoebe will make a series of profound discoveries about the nature of time and space, and find out that the human race is just one of many in our universe locked in a desperate struggle for survival.
Expected Release Date: January 31st, 2017
A space adventure set on a lone ship where the murdered crew are resurrected through cloning to discover who their killer was — and the secret to their mission.
It was not common to awaken in a cloning vat streaked with drying blood.
At least, Marie Shea had never experienced it. They had no memory of how they died. That was also new; before, when they had awakened as a new clone, their first memory was of how they died, from illness once and from injury once…
Maria's vat was in the front of six vats, each one holding the clone of a crew member of the starship Dormire, each clone waiting for its previous incarnation to die so it could awaken. Apparently, Maria wasn't the only one to die recently.
Expected Release Date: March 21st 2017
Our universe is ruled by physics and faster than light travel is not possible — until the discovery of The Flow, an extra-dimensional field we can access at certain points in space-time that transport us to other worlds, around other stars.
Humanity flows away from Earth, into space, and in time forgets our home world and creates a new empire, the Interdependency, whose ethos requires that no one human outpost can survive without the others. It's a hedge against interstellar war — and a system of control for the rulers of the empire.
The Flow is eternal — but it is not static. Just as a river changes course, The Flow changes as well, cutting off worlds from the rest of humanity. When it's discovered that The Flow is moving, possibly cutting off all human worlds from faster than light travel forever, three individuals — a scientist, a starship captain and the Empress of the Interdependency — are in a race against time to discover what, if anything, can be salvaged from an interstellar empire on the brink of collapse.
Expected Release Date: February 7th, 2017
Somewhere on the outer rim of the universe, a mass of decaying world-ships known as the Legion is traveling in the seams between the stars. For generations, a war for control of the Legion has been waged, with no clear resolution. As worlds continue to die, a desperate plan is put into motion.
Zan wakes with no memory, prisoner of a people who say they are their family.  They are told they are their salvation – the only person capable of boarding the Mokshi, a world-ship with the power to leave the Legion. But Zan's new family is not the only one desperate to gain control of the prized ship. Zan finds that they must choose sides in a genocidal campaign that will take them from the edges of the Legion's gravity well to the very belly of the world.
Zan will soon learn that they carry the seeds of the Legion's destruction – and its possible salvation. But can they and their ragtag band of followers survives the horrors of the Legion and its people long enough to deliver it?
Expected Release Date: March 24th, 2017
A new vision of the future of New York City in the 22nd century, a flooded, but vibrant metropolis, from Kim Stanley Robinson, the New York Times bestselling author of science fiction masterworks such as the Mars trilogy, 2312, and Aurora.
The waters rose, submerging New York City.
But the residents adapted and it remained the bustling, vibrant metropolis it had always been. Though changed forever.
Every street became a canal. Every skyscraper an island.
Through the eyes of the varied inhabitants of one building, Kim Stanley Robinson shows us how one of our great cities will change with the rising tides.
And how we too will change.
Expected Release Date: February 14th, 2017
A blend of science fiction and horror, award-winning author Steve Rasnic Tem's new novel is a chilling story exploring the roots of violence and its effect on a possible future.
Daniel is trapped in Ubo. They have no idea how long they have been imprisoned there by the roaches.
Every resident has a similar memory of the journey to Ubo: a dream of dry, chitinous wings crossing the moon, the gigantic insects dropping swiftly over the houses of the neighborhood, passing through walls and windows as if by magic, or science. The creatures, like a deck of baroquely ornamented cards, fanning themselves from one hidden world into the next.
And now each day they force Daniel to play a different figure from humanity's violent history, from a frenzied Jack the Ripper to a stumbling and confused Stalin to a self-proclaimed god executing survivors atop the ruins of the world. The scenarios mutate day after day in this camp somewhere beyond the rules of time. As skies burn and prisoners go mad, identities dissolve as the experiments evolve, and no one can foretell their mysterious end.
Expected Release Date: March 21st, 2017
There's an underground black market for arcane things. Akin to the trade in rhino horns or tigers bones, this group trafficks in mummified satyrs, gryphons claws, and more.
When Angela Gough's lover Vince goes missing, they set out to find them whatever the risk. They learn that they were employed by the infamous London crime lord Frederick Meloy, providing bizarre objects beyond imagining. Descending into the city's underbelly, they uncover a deadly side to the black market. It might have claimed Vince, and Angela may be next.
Expected Release Date: February 7th, 2017
An unforgettable horror novel from bestselling sensation Ania Ahlborn—hailed as a writer of “some of the most promising horror I've encountered in years” (New York Times bestselling author Seanan McGuire)—in which a small-town boy investigates the mysterious disappearance of their cousin and uncovers a terrifying secret kept hidden for years.
Young Jude Brighton has been missing for three days, and while the search for them is in full swing in the small town of Deer Valley, Oregon, the locals are starting to lose hope. They're well aware that the first forty-eight hours are critical and after that, the odds usually point to a worst-case scenario. And despite Stevie Clark's youth, they know that, too; he's seen the cop shows. They know what each ticking moment may mean for Jude, their cousin and best friend.
That, and there was that boy, Max Larsen…the one from years ago, found dead after also disappearing under mysterious circumstances. And then there were the animals: pets gone missing out of yards. For years, the residents of Deer Valley have murmured about these unsolved crimes…and that a killer may still be lurking around their quiet town. Now, fear is reborn—and for Stevie, who is determined to find out what really happened to Jude, the awful truth may be too horrifying to imagine.
Expected Release Date: June 27th, 2017
Tuck Durante is a shipraider, combing space for Earth artifacts from a war that ended 500 years ago. When their parents' ship crashes in the dead zone and the crew goes missing, Tuck hires a ragtag rescue team.
Meanwhile, curator Lana Gray is fighting to keep the US PANAM John Muir—and the remnants of its crew—alive. Their space capsule housing Yosemite National Park was hijacked. The hijacking turned ninety-five percent of their crew into nightmarish creatures called mourners who flay, dismember, or decapitate with nothing more than sharp-pitched shrieks.
Now, despite their differences, Lana, Tuck, and their crews must work together to save the John Muir. In space, nobody can hear you scream…but on the John Muir, the screams are the last thing you'll hear.
Expected Release Date: April 18th, 2017
Fans of Dan Simmons' The Terror will love Ararat, the thrilling tale of an adventure that goes awry. When a newly engaged couple climbs Mount Ararat in Turkey, an avalanche forces them to seek shelter inside a massive cave uncovered by the snow fall. The cave is actually an ancient, buried ship that many quickly come to believe is really Noah's Ark. When a team of scholars, archaeologists, and filmmakers make it inside the ark for the first time, they discover an elaborate coffin in its recesses. The artifact tempts their professional curiosity; so they break it open. Inside, they find an ugly, misshapen cadaver—not the holy man that they expected, a hideous creature with horns. A massive blizzard blows in, trapping them in that cave thousands of meters up the side of a remote mountain…but they are not alone.
Top Ten Tuesday is a weekly meme hosted by Broke and Bookish. Click here for more information.
So, what books are YOU looking forward to in 2017? (And no, you can't mention a George R.R. Martin book. You'll jinx it.)
Lilyn G is the founder of Sci-Fi & Scary, and leader of the Coolthulhu Crew. They do book and film reviews for both genres the site focuses on. Them tastes run towards creature features, hard science fiction, and lots and lots of action. They also have a soft spot for middle-grade fiction that rears its head frequently.  They are also the co-founder of Ladies of Horror Fiction. Feel free to chat them up on Twitter as long as you aren't hitting them up to review your book.
Like this: Like Loading...
Video - Mary Kissel on the John Batchelor Show - Mar. 17, 2011
--
Listen!
Audio - Kissel on the John Batchelor Show (separate interview) - Mar. 16, 2011
--
The Daily Bail awaits comment from Mary Kissel.
Zack Carter started a bit of a commotion recently, when they identified the Wall St. Journal's Mary Kissel - a former Goldman Sachs executive - as one of the people behind the recent attacks on Elizabeth Warren and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB). It would be one thing to attack Warren on ideological grounds, or even for partisan political reasons, but Ms. Kissel and the WSJ are simply making things up.
They claim, for example, that the CFPB, under Warren's command, "is trying to extend its reach by extorting billions of dollars from private mortgage servicers, regulating their business by fiat, and stalling a U.S. housing market recovery."
The reality is, that neither Warren herself, nor the CFPB, is "extorting" anyone. Nor, as Warren testified to Congress this week, do they or anyone from the Bureau have anything whatsoever to do with any direct negotiations with the banks and mortgage servicers regarding any kind of settlement. The DOJ and Treasury have asked people who are involved in setting up the Bureau, including Warren herself, for advice, but there is no evidence that anyone associated with the CFPB has done anything more than that. If the WSJ had evidence to the contrary, they would produce it, because it would be one of the biggest scoops of the year. But there is no such evidence.
Furthermore, the CFPB, once it's up and running, will not regulate anyone or anything, including mortgage servicers, "by fiat." Unless, of course, "by fiat" means enforcing the actual laws, already on the books, pertaining to mortgages and mortgage servicing -- something which the Fed, the OCC and the OTS spectacularly failed to do in the years leading up to the financial crisis. Earth to the WSJ, that's why they came up with the CFPB in the first place -- the existing agencies were too captured by Wall St., or simply incompetent, to enforce the law and so enforcement of consumer protections is now being consilidated under the jurisdiction of the Bureau. Now, just to be sure, let's make this clear, so that even someone from the WSJ editorial board can understand it: the CFPB is charged with enforcing the law, the existing laws which are already on the books, not new laws that Elizabeth Warren makes up ex nihilo.
And don't take our word for it, here it is in black and white from the actual Dodd-Frank bill:
Notice that the Bureau shall implement and enforce "Federal consumer financial law." There is no ambiguity on what the purpose of the Bureau is, and if you continue reading the bill, you will also notice that every power and authority granted to the CFPB references already existing Federal law and the enforcement thereof.
Warren's critics at the WSJ also contend that the scandal over mortgage processing and title registration is just a mere paperwork problem and that Elizabeth Warren and their myrmidons over at the CFPB are using their vast, new powers (which they don't in reality have -- again, these are just made up) to extort the banks out of $20-30B. They write: "The feds have been investigating, and it turns out that most of the infractions were technical while very few borrowers lost their homes without cause."
Perhaps the WSJ editorial board is blocked from reading certain financial websites while at work, but this issue has been covered extensively by almost all the leading financial blogs. First of all, there is no evidence to date that the feds have been investigating anything. Nor, unfortunately, have the state AG's. The AG's and the federal agencies claim to already understand the problems with mortgage servicing and title registration, and they have, it seems, listened to some of the complaints coming in from borrowers across the country who have experienced these problems first-hand. But the Federal regulators, the AG's and the DOJ have so far avoided doing any kind of forensic investigation to find out where fraud and criminal activity have taken place. See here. And yet, there are reams of evidence, including some fairly well documented cases, in which mortgage servicers were consciously mishandling mortgage and insurance payments, fraudulently purchasing force-placed insurance policies, and in many cases skimming off the proceeds of foreclosure sales ahead of the MBS investors they were supposed to be serving. In addition to any criminal liability associated with those issues, there may be many billions of dollars in liability at the state and county level for unpaid land record fees that stem from the way that MERS had been used to avoid paying those fees. Anyone who tries to claim that the fraudclosure scandal is just a problem with "paperwork" is simply not credible. For starters, see here, here, here, here, here and here.
Further, both the WSJ and Ms. Kissel in their radio interview with John Batchelor explicitly conflate the leaked 27-page settlement docs put together by the state AG's with the activities of Elizabeth Warren and the CFPB. The Journal writes:
They've sent a proposed 27-page "settlement" to the banks that would, among other things, force mortgage servicers to submit to the bureau's permanent regulatory oversight; impose vast new reporting and administrative burdens; mandate the reduction of borrowers' mortgage principal amounts in certain circumstances; and force servicers to perform "duties to communities," such as preventing urban blight. We warned during the Dodd-Frank debate that the new consumer bureau would become a political tool for credit allocation, and here we already are.
In the radio interview, Ms. Kissel and John Batchelor further suggest that the "settlement" is being worked out by Warren themselves with the aim of shaking down the banks and servicers for money that they will then give away to poor people who are delinquent or underwater on their mortgages.
Whoever "they" is, it isn't the CFPB and Elizabeth Warren. A simple Google search could tell them this. Those who are negotiating some kind of "settlement" include the state AG's, the DOJ and the federal banking regulators, not Elizabeth Warren. This is simply a fact. Moreover, any regulatory oversight over mortgage servicers by the CFPB would be authorized by current Federal law and the Dodd-Frank bill, not by any "shakedown" by the state AG's and the DOJ. The outcome of the settlement talks is not driving future oversight by the CFPB. CFPB oversight of mortgage servicers will be determined by the law. The Journal's insinuations on this point are just nonsense.
Ironically, Kissel and Batchelor discuss the settlement proposal as if the mortgage modification elements of the settlement are damaging to the banks, when, in fact, the banks could make out like bandits. Showing very little understanding of the situation, the Journal scolds:
Homeowners and bank shareholders will ultimately pay for the compliance burden and the $20 billion to reward delinquent borrowers, as servicers pass on the costs. Never mind that these banks didn't originate many of those loans and typically don't own them now.
Here's why this should be embarrassing:
Beyond the criminal and civil fraud liabilities that the settlement appears to absolve the banks and servicers of, the treatment of second liens in the settlement is an outright gift. This is something that has been discussed extensively by others, that most mortgages are owned by Fannie and Freddie or other MBS investors, not by the banks. However, many second liens (like home equity loans) are held by the banks themselves. Batchelor and Kissel are just aghast that some dead-beat homeowner might get a mortgage mod, but what they don't seem to understand is that without the terms proposed in the settlement, the banks would be getting ZERO from most of those underwater and delinquent borrowers because the proceeds of any foreclosure sale would go first to pay off the first mortgage (which the banks don't own), leaving nothing for the second. Zip. Nada. Some analysts have even suggested that some of the large banks would be completely wiped out if they had to write down those second liens to what they are really worth. The proposed settlement represents an enormous boon to the banks on this score. Do the WSJ and Mary Kissel really not know any of this?
Photo courtesy of Tom Dellinger / Grimy Goods REVIEW HERE
25 Favorite Non-Headlining Music Festival Sets of 2015
Mark Ortega Blocked Unblock Follow Dec 31, 2015
In 2015, I was extremely fortunate to have attended 13 music festivals (mostly multi-day events, sometimes one-day), seeing a total of 349 sets across them. It was a much easier process to narrow it down to my ten favorite sets in 2014. This year, it was a much more arduent process, but I came up with a top 10 (and then listing 15 more honorable mentions) of my favorite non-headlining sets I saw.
Stromae at Coachella Weekend 2 — Apr. 19
I knew very little about Stromae. For Weekend 1, I chose to see St. Vincent instead (an awesome set in its own right), but one of my condo-mates for Coachella that weekend said I HAD to see Stromae the following week no matter what. I was extremely happy I made that choice. The Belgium singer/songwriter/rapper may sing in a language I don't know (French), but it didn't affect my enjoyment in the slightest. The best way to describe the atmosphere was it was like being in a French nightclub, while Stromae also combines elements of musical theatre in their performance. The end of the set had Stromae faux-collapse on stage, only to be carried off by a group of people as though they had died. It was an exhilarating finish to an already amazing performance and I intend on never missing them perform when he's around again.
2. Jenny Lewis at Coachella Weekend 1 — Apr. 12
You know Stromae was THAT good when it knocked a mini-Rilo Kiley reunion down to #2. I saw Jenny Lewis perform at a number of festivals in 2015, but my favorite set of theirs was during the first weekend of Coachella. I got to get all the way up to the rail and see Jenny perform many old favorites, play a new song with the HAIM girls, and bring out former Rilo Kiley guitarist Blake Sennett for a reunion on “Portions for Foxes.” The crowd wasn't massive, but at the front you could feel the emotions of all the die-hards, particularly during the set-closing heart-stopper “A Better Son/Daughter.” My eyes may or may not have been a little teary-eyed. My review HERE.
3. Florence + The Machine at Coachella Weekend 1 — April 12
Could you tell I really enjoyed my two weekends in the desert this year? Though Florence also killed it when I saw them at Bonnaroo a few months later, they rocked so hard at the first weekend of Coachella that they broke their foot jumping off the stage. Them the latest album How Big, How Blue, How Beautiful was still more than a month from dropping, but they gifted the crowd with both the title track, and “Ship to Wreck” — my personal favorite from the record. She's got a bevy of hits and played all the crowd favorites, closing with bangers “Shake It Out” and “Dog Days Are Over.” It speaks to their awesomeness that they still performed the following week with a broken foot — albeit in an abbreviated, acoustic set (that featured an awesome cover with Father John Misty on “Love Hurts”). My review HERE.
4. Noel Gallagher's High Flying Birds at Shaky Knees — May 9
My actual birthday fell on the second day of Shaky Knees, the first festival of a five-festival over six-week binge I'd pull off between May and June. The must-see on my birthday was Noel Gallagher's solo project, which previously was one of the best shows I ever saw at The Orpheum in SF a few years prior. As I worked my way through the crowd beforehand, I kept saying it was my birthday and people let me through all the way to the front rail. Photographer Tom Dellinger, whose photos accompanied my reviews at GrimyGoods.com, took my portrait before the show started. The set was everything I hoped it would be. Noel was their usually hilarious self as they cracked jokes between songs. Though I wasn't as familiar with Noel's second solo album as I was the first, the new stuff sounded killer. The crowd singalongs for Oasis favorites “Champagne Supernova” and the set-closing “Don't Look Back in Anger” were some of the best moments of any festival I went to this year. My recap HERE.
5. Lykke Li at Coachella Weekend 2 — April 17
The previous weekend at Coachella, it was so packed inside the Mojave Tent for Lykke Li's set that the closest I could get was a really bad side-view spot. I vowed the next week to get there plenty early, and wound up on the rail before it started. I turned around and saw that I was pretty much the only dude that close, asking everybody behind me loudly, “Y'all ready to feel some feels!?” — to which they all shouted “YEAHH” in excitement. Them work is so strong that the weakest song of the set was their cover of Drake's “Hold On, We're Going Home.” The feels were certainly felt during heartbreaking renditions of “I Never Learn,” “No Rest for the Wicked,” “Gunshot,” and “Never Gonna Love Again.” They closed with the super danceable “Get Some,” which elevated the energy prior to the final stretch on the first day of Coachella weekend 2. My Weekend 1 review HERE.
6. Kate Tempest at Sasquatch! — May 24
Speaking of feeling the feels, I knew absolutely nothing about British rapper/poet/writer Kate Tempest but in my research found that it was a can't-miss set. Them set was so good that it was basically unanimously considered the breakout set of the weekend by the writers in the press tent. Though the crowd started significantly small, it grew exponentially as they touched everyone's hearts with earnest rhymes about overcoming the pressures that society puts on people, self-esteem issues and other deep struggles that we all face. That they don't at all look the part of a rap star only makes them that much more impressive. Do not miss them if they come to your town, I still get goosebumps thinking about their set. Unfortunately there was no quality video of their Sasquatch performance, so I pulled a video from their Glastonbury set of their most affecting words. My full Sasquatch! recap HERE.
7. St. Lucia at CRSSD Fest#2 — Oct. 10
Over the course of the year, St. Lucia quickly became one of my favorite live acts to see. October's CRSSD Fest would become the fifth time I'd see them in 2015, and it was easily the most memorable. Singer Jean-Philip Grobler has a Beyonce thing going, where there's a powerful fun behind them that gives their hair a perfect blowing-in-the-wind look. It was also the first festival I ever had all-access, and being able to get in front of the barricade and as close to the stage as possible made it that much more thrilling. As great as their hits “Elevate” and “All Eyes on You” are, I fell in love with the new material they played that night, particularly “Physical.” By the end of the set I felt like I had no energy left in my being. It didn't hurt I was there with some new friends that provided incredibly positive energy to feed off of.
8. Phantogram at Hangout — May 17
Sarah Barthel is a goddess. Phantogram was one of the first bands I latched onto in the synth-pop renaissance that's occurred as of late, and they're one of the few acts that has legitimate sound that can stretch to a wide open festival field. It was the sunset set on Hangout Fest's final day that was most magical that weekend. This band just belonged on the beaches of Gulf Shores. One of the best parts of Hangout was that even the undercard acts were getting an hour to perform, meaning Barthel and Josh Carter got through 15 songs. The way Barthel holds the note on the second chorus of “Black Out Days” (see to the left) gives me goosebumps 'til this day. Barthel was rocking some awesome jewelry as though they were Cleopatra. The combination of “When I'm Small” and “Mouthful of Diamonds” after the sun had finally set was bone-chilling. My recap HERE.
9. Ben Harper & the Innocent Criminals at Bonnaroo — June 12
2015 marked the first year I finally got to see long-standing favorite of mine Ben Harper perform in any capacity. At Bonnaroo, I made sure to get in line so I could get right on the rail for their night-time set on the second day. The Innocent Criminals era of Harper's prolific catalog is easily my favorite and they didn't disappoint with their song selection. “Amen Omen” has one of the most kickass breakdowns of any rock song, and Harper's final vocals in that song sent shivers up my spine. You also could have gotten a serious contact high when they pulled out the marijuana anthem “Burn One Down” in the final few songs of the set. My recap HERE.
Funny side-story:
Prior to “Ground on Down,” Harper looked at me and remarked on my Pied-Piper shirt from the TV show Silicon Valley. “Love your shirt, decent human,” Harper said to me. “Pied Piper, I gotta get that shirt.” I was pretty drunk at this point so I was actually confused if they were talking to me. A few months later I got a text from a friend who was at Outside Lands. “Dude! Ben Harper is wearing a Pied Piper shirt on stage!” That was pretty damn cool.
10. MØ at Sasquatch! — May 25
I fell in love with Danish singer MØ after seeing their high-energy performance at Coachella. I quite easily got to the front of the crowd for their Sasquatch set, positioning myself on the rail. Early in their set, they came and basically stood right on top of me as they rocked out. It was far from the only time they got up-close and personal with the audience, crowd-surfing for a stretch and really getting their participation on their numerous catchy pop-anthems. “Walk This Way” and “Don't Want to Dance” were standouts. Though it was still months away from becoming the most-streamed song of 2015, their singing Major Lazer's “Lean On” was one of the peaks of the entire weekend. Them cover of Spice Girls' “Say You Will Be There” had everyone singing along. My recap HERE.
The best of the rest (in chronological order):
Jungle at Coachella Weekend 1
Kasabian at Coachella Weekend 1
ODESZA at Hangout
Father John Misty at Hangout
Sylvan Esso at Hangout
Gogol Bordello at Sasquatch
Sharon Van Etten at Sasquatch
Cage the Elephant at BottleRock
Childish Gambino at Bonnaroo
Spiritualized at FYF Fest
Alvvays at FYF Fest
Jesus & Mary Chain at FYF Fest
Kate Nash at Burger A-Go-Go
Hozier at Life is Beautiful
Clean Bandit at Life is Beautiful
Duran Duran at Life is Beautiful
Acts I saw multiple time at festival stops along the way this year:
5 — Sylvan Esso, Run the Jewels
4 — Jenny Lewis, Ryn Weaver, Alvvays, St. Lucia, Royal Blood, ODESZA, Jungle
3 — Florence + The Machine, Courtney Barnett, Tame Impala, Kiesza, Mac DeMarco, MØ, Tycho
2 —Kendrick Lamar, AC/DC, Robert Plant, Ben Harper & the Innocent Criminals, Lykke Li, Jack White, Drake, The Killers, St. Vincent, Chet Faker, G-Eazy, Phantogram, Jamie XX, The Flaming Lips, Ryan Adams, Halsey, Hozier, Imagine Dragons, twenty-one pilots, Chance the Rapper, Andrew McMahon in the Wilderness, Steely Dan, Scott Weiland & The Wildabouts, Foster the People, Best Coast, Spritualized, Portugal. The Man, Kasabian, Tove Lo, Marina & the Diamonds, Clean Bandit, Zella Day, Night Terrors of 1927, Dawes, Flume, Tennis, HAERTS, Porter Robinson, St. Paul & the Broken Bones, Ghostface Killah + Raekwon, Meg Mac, Young the Giant, PHOX, Natalie Prass, Viet Cong, Zac Brown Band, The Avett Brothers, Joey Bada$$
Follow me on Twitter at @MarkEOrtega.
As was the case with Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand's initial bill, the bipartisan legislation would prohibit lawmakers from spending public funds on harassment settlements for which they are personally liable. | Alex Wong/Getty Images Gillibrand snags GOP backing for new Hill harassment overhaul
Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand is winning significant new Republican support in their campaign to combat sexual harassment in Congress.
The New York Democrat on Thursday unveiled a proposal backed by eight GOP senators — including Majority Whip John Cornyn (R-Texas) — that would overhaul Capitol Hill's workplace misconduct policy by making any harassment settlement public unless a victimized employee decides otherwise.
Story Continued Below
Sens. Ted Cruz (R-Texas), Joni Ernst (R-Iowa), Lisa Murkowski (R-Alaska), Cory Gardner (R-Colo.), Dan Sullivan (R-Alaska), Rob Portman (R-Ohio), and Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) joined Cornyn in signing onto Gillibrand's push to remodel the secretive system Congress uses to adjudicate sexual harassment complaints.
The presence of so many new Republican backers gives Gillibrand a critical boost as they press for further action in the chamber following a week that saw three lawmakers in both parties resign over misconduct allegations. Also signing onto the bill are a dozen Democrats: Sens. Cory Booker (D-N.J.), Kamala Harris (D-Calif.), Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.), Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.), Maggie Hassan (D-N.H.), Catherine Cortez Masto (D-Nev.), Claire McCaskill (D-Mo.), Mazie Hirono (D-Hawaii), Richard Blumenthal (D-Conn.), Tammy Baldwin (D-Wis.), and Jeanne Shaheen (D-N.H.).
“Congress should never be above the law or play by their own set of rules,” Gillibrand said in a statement. “We should treat every person who works here with respect and dignity, and that means creating a climate where there is accountability, fairness, respect, and access to justice if sexual harassment takes place."
The most reliable politics newsletter. Sign up for POLITICO Playbook and get the latest news, every morning — in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
The new harassment reform measure is similar to Gillibrand's initial legislation released last month, according to an early summary obtained by POLITICO. However, the bipartisan version makes a pivotal change regarding disclosure of now-secret Hill harassment settlements: Any monetary agreement reached with a congressional employee over misconduct on the job would be automatically disclosed unless the victim opts to shield the information.
That structure is designed to strike a balance between victims' privacy — a key concern given the prevalence of blackballing and retaliation threats in harassment cases — and increased transparency for settlements that are paid using taxpayer money.
As was the case with Gillibrand's initial bill, the bipartisan legislation would prohibit lawmakers from spending public funds on harassment settlements for which they are personally liable. The new Senate measure also would require committee-level approval of any settlement involving personal liability by a lawmaker, a change from current rules that only require one category of House misconduct settlement to get approval in committee.
Among other changes in the legislation is an end to the current requirement that congressional employees alleging harassment undergo counseling and mediation and the creation of an online system for tracking harassment complaints.
Gillibrand wasn't the only female senator making their mark on the harassment debate Thursday. Sens. Susan Collins (R-Maine) and Patty Murray (D-Wash.) wrote to their party leaders and the leaders of the appropriations committee asking that harassment legislation be considered for addition to any government funding bill that the chamber takes up in coming days.
Collins and Murray, who is No. 3 in Democratic leadership, also asked that forthcoming government spending bills include extra money “to support updated and improved training for all legislative branch employees.” Both the House and Senate recently made harassment and discrimination training mandatory for lawmakers and aides.
“These measures can better protect those public servants working in Congress each day,” Collins and Murray wrote, adding: “We support these calls for reforms that have been raised by members on both sides of the aisle.”
It's unclear whether the high number of GOP backers for Gillibrand's harassment reform measure will boost its chances ahead of a jam-packed final stretch of the year's legislative session, with more must-pass items piling up in early 2018. Minnesota Sen. Amy Klobuchar also is examining legislative changes to harassment policy through a bipartisan working group of members on the Senate Rules Committee, where they are the top Democrat.
Sign up here for POLITICO Huddle A daily play-by-play of congressional news in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
Rep. Jackie Speier (D-Calif.) has introduced a similar harassment-reform measure that counts 19 Republican cosponsors, and Rep. Gregg Harper (R-Miss.), the chairperson of the House Administration Committee, plans to release their own draft Hill harassment bill next week.
Among the advocates pushing lawmakers for a less secretive and more victim-friendly Hill harassment system is Marion Brown, the former aide to ex-Rep. John Conyers who was forced to sign a confidentiality agreement in order to receive a $27,000 settlement after they filed a complaint alleging sexual harassment by the now-resigned Michigan Democrat.
Brown and their lawyer, Lisa Bloom, visited the Capitol earlier this week to discuss a harassment overhaul with Speier, Rep. Rodney Davis (R-Ill.), Rep. Bradley Byrne (R-Ala.), and aides to the House Administration panel.
Warner Bros. is expected to announce plans to release Ben Affleck's standalone superhero movie The Batman in 2018, ahead of that year's October release of Aquaman starring Jason Momoa. Production of the Caped Crusader's solo outing commences in March/April of next year, although early stages -- including casting and final rewrites to the screenplay -- are already underway. Aquaman's opening weekend shifted from the expected Summer 2018 date to October, to give director James Wan additional time for the complicated effects-heavy production and to make room for The Batman in the summer.
These changes come ahead of a delay in production of Flash, which appears headed for removal from the DCU's 2018 plans after two directors -- Seth Grahame-Smith and Rick Famuyiwa -- walked away from that project due to creative differences with the studio. Originally slated for a March 2018 release date, the film doesn't have a new helmer lined up yet and is on the verge of being crowded out of the 2018 calendar as Warner fast-tracks Harley Quinn's spinoff all-female team-up movie Gotham City Sirens for a possible 2018 release alongside The Batman and Aquaman. A Suicide Squad sequel is still in the works as well, and will probably be added to the 2019 schedule (I'm going on record now with my prediction that Suicide Squad 2 will be a head-to-head battle in which Deadshot leads a new squad to capture/kill Harley and their band of female villains from Gotham City Sirens). If it winds up pushed back as expected, Flash could still theoretically meet a Summer 2018 release date if it manages to secure a new director soon but is more likely to be moved to 2019.
In the aftermath of Batman v Superman getting hammered by critics and underperforming to the tune of $873 million at the box office (a sum most studios can only hope represents their worst-case underperformance), the DCU breathed a sigh of relief when Suicide Squad exceeded expectations (especially in light of the negative reviews) for a $745 million run. With that breathing room, Warner Bros. sought a course-correction by retooling DC Entertainment's leadership structure and approach to the DCU planning, including Geoff Johns taking on a much larger role and helping do substantial rewrites on the upcoming superhero team-up Justice League. Wonder Woman was already receiving rewrites and rethinking in the aftermath of Batman v Superman and looks to be in good shape for its release in June 2017, ahead of Justice League's November opening.
But amid lingering concerns over the DCU's fate hinging on the performance of Wonder Woman and (especially) Justice League -- the latter representing the largest investment for what is supposed to be the big payoff from all of this multi-movie world-building -- Warner is moving quickly on key projects with the most promise to ensure the deck is stacked more favorably for the DCU in 2018 and 2019. Gotham City Sirens, Suicide Squad 2, and The Batman are at the forefront of the studio's planning for their superhero productions, as well as Aquaman, so that even an only-moderate or underperformance by either Wonder Woman or Justice League will be mitigated by the safety of Batman's solo track record and Suicide Squad's obvious potential for recurring success. Aquaman sports a top director helming a fantasy film with strong international appeal, so it too is perceived as a less risky venture.
The Batman will have a wide window of roughly 65-70 weeks in which to complete production and marketing in time for a Summer 2018 release. The exacting timing depends on whether production kicks off in March or April, and whether it's closer to 65 weeks or 70 weeks, but generally speaking that window points toward a July opening (Aquaman was tentatively slated for a July 2018 release before being pushed to October, remember). Even if the production winds up being bigger and taking longer than expected, a March 2017 production start means it would still have at least a 16 month window until the end of July 2018.
After several weeks of press reports suggesting Affleck was walking back expectations for a 2018 release of The Batman, the filmmaker confirmed to Variety this week that production would indeed commence in Spring of next year -- exactly as sources have consistently told us, and as I (as well as some other media writers) kept telling you despite the handwringing by the entertainment press. This followed actors Joe Manganiello (who plays the villainous Deathstroke in The Batman) and Jeremy Irons (portraying Bruce Wayne's butler and partner-in-crime-fighting, Alfred) both saying publicly that production would get underway in early-2017.
Likewise, we had three bits of news pointing toward a likely 2018 release for The Batman despite Affleck's attempts to slow down the rumor mill and get the press to stop harping on it during their press appearances for other projects like The Accountant and Live By Night. First came news of Aquaman vacating the July 2018 release date in favor of an October opening. Then we got word that Zack Snyder's next project will be The Last Photograph, and that planning for any Justice League sequel is being delayed in order to allow the studio to focus on getting The Batman released sooner rather than later.
But then came a big confirmation directly from the studio itself yesterday, when President of Creative Development and Worldwide Production Greg Silverman announced their departure from the studio. In a statement that included a rundown of Warner films set for release over the next two years, Silverman mentioned The Batman (although they called it simply Batman) as among the 2018 offerings. Toby Emmerich, currently the President and COO at New Line Cinema, will replace Silverman.
So yes, despite repeated reports of "not so fast!" and "Batman movie delayed" by some press outlets, The Batman is on track to begin production in March/April, leaving plenty of room for a planned 2018 release.
Meanwhile, the fast-tracking of Gotham City Sirens means that project should get underway in early/mid-2017 as well, with a shot at a 2018 release that could deliver more bat-centric cinema to audiences by way of Harley Quinn, Poison Ivy, Catwoman, and a likely appearance by the Joker -- not to mention the potential for a cameo by Batman himself, especially since Affleck will already be suiting up in the cowl for their own picture and could easily film a few scenes for Gotham City Sirens as well (either dropping in on director David Ayer's set, or perhaps just filming themselves on their own Batman movie set). Since Aquaman staked out October, we might expect a repeat of Suicide Squad's August slotting, which in turn would suggest The Batman coming in sometime in early July rather than later that month, to provide ample breathing room between the two while allowing enough proximity for Caped Crusader's coattails to give Harley and company a bat-boost.
While July 2018 isn't entirely devoid of box office contenders, it seems to be the perfect place for Warner to stake out a DCU claim. Ant-Man and the Wasp have a July 6 release, but Batman is a big enough property to sit confidently in that window and let other studios decide whether to risk opening against the Dark Knight. A late-July spot might be even more suited for The Batman, in light of that frame's history of delivering record-breaking box office to the franchise in the past. However, a later positioning reduces the distance between The Batman and a hypothetical early-August 2018 release for Gotham City Sirens, and too much overlap could mitigate the coattail effect by causing the two projects to compete for the same target demographics too soon in their respective runs. One solution to that is possibly a July 13 release for The Batman and an August 10 release for Gotham City Sirens. It's hard to imagine Warner giving up the lucrative first weekend in July, though, so I still think we might see a DC vs Marvel fight shaping up for that weekend. We'll just have to wait and see how it all plays out in the coming months.
June is another option, but creates the riskier proposition of being sandwiched between the opening of the Han Solo prequel movie and Transformers: Bumblebee spinoff, or between Transformers: Bumblebee and Jurassic World 2. This would also reduce the amount of time between production and release, so with Affleck making a point about wanting plenty of time to ensure getting everything perfect, it's hard to imagine this minefield of a month looking more attractive than July.
Gotham City Sirens could wind up released in 2019, of course, so it might play no role in the math after all, but I doubt it. Warner has a chance at a real coup in the genre by releasing Wonder Woman in 2017 and an all-female team-up in 2018, not to mention having a second Batman-related title featuring the standout DCU scene-stealer Harley Quinn, to bolster the 2018 lineup following the nervous uncertainty about how 2017 will play out. The advantage of having Gotham City Sirens on the calendar in 2018 is so significant, and the desire to get it made as soon as possible is so strong, it would be a surprise if it wound up penciled in for 2019 instead. Then again, 2019 is a bit of a weak link in the DCU chain in terms of definite scheduling and project progress, so if Flash winds up pushed to 2019 then it wouldn't be bad at all to have Gotham City Sirens bringing some bat-boost to the schedule that year as well.
Batman has one of the few billion-dollar superhero franchises -- Avengers and Iron Man being the only other such series to crack that barrier to date -- so expectations for Affleck's effort are high, especially in light of the desire for the film to serve as a guaranteed hit for the DCU. If Wonder Woman and Justice League prove to be successes with audiences and ticket sales (regardless of what the reviews say) then that's a good sign The Batman will follow in the financial footsteps of Nolan's Dark Knight Trilogy. Whether it literally tops $1 billion or not (two of Nolan's Batman pictures did), anything in the $800+ million range will certainly be seen as a big success.
Meanwhile, Harley Quinn's breakout status (no pun intended) and the blockbuster success of Suicide Squad already make Gotham City Sirens a presumed $700-800 million players, and the inclusion of Catwoman and Poison Ivy plus the bat-centric nature of the project point to even stronger potential. So if we factor in coattails from The Batman, Warner has to feel pretty excited about how things might shape up. Should both The Batman and Gotham City Sirens release in 2018 and enjoy blockbuster success as appears likely, that's a harbinger of good thing in Aquaman's future as well.
If Wonder Woman and Justice League are big hits in 2017, then in 2018 with The Batman, Gotham City Sirens, and Aquaman would be exactly the sort of follow-up slate to build great momentum and inspire much confidence in and enthusiasm for the DCU. That would also mean a Justice League sequel gets back on the schedule again sooner rather than later (as I reminded you last week, the previously planned Justice League: Part 2 project was cancelled due to changes made to Justice League that rolled the two-part plans into a single film), which would obviously please fans.
Expect more casting information about The Batman in the coming months, confirmation of details about characters in Gotham City Sirens, and a new Justice League trailer. Meanwhile, if you have thoughts about how the DCU schedule is shaping up, sound off in the comments below!
Box office figures and tallies based on data via Box Office Mojo , Rentrak, and TheNumbers.
Follow me on Twitter, on Google+, and on Quora. Read my blog. Listen to my new Popular Opinion Podcast (POP) with Sean Gerber.
The rules of the game are simple: Any adult with a light microscope and a camera can send in microscopic photographs. That is the basis of the Small World Competition, a long-running event on the scientific calendar, organized by the camera-maker Nikon.
The entrants' work often resembles science-fiction artwork more than the plants, objects or creatures lying on the microscope slide. This year's crop of winners reveals a quirky beauty usually hidden from the naked eye.
Among the subjects under scrutiny by the winners are a wasps' nest, cancer cells and even soy sauce, as photographed by a Chinese scientist.
Mosquito's Heart
The top prize this year was taken by a close-up shot of a mosquito's heart, glowing in radiant blues and greens. It was taken by Jonas King, of the biological sciences department of Vanderbilt University, in Nashville, Tennessee.
For fans of microscopic photography, two Berlin-based exhibitions currently represent the artistic-scientific niche: They can be seen at the Photography Museum and the Alfred Ehrhardt Foundation until early January 2011.
World Can't Wait
By Cheryl Abraham
Despite heroic efforts by Congressman Dennis Kucinich (D-Ohio) to bring 35 Articles of Impeachment against Bush, the wildfire of information and affirmation of these articles in print and in the blogosphere, and the efforts of so many within the impeachment movement, the main-stream media continues to marginalize Kucinich's effort by either ignoring the story altogether or publishing simplistic 200-word articles about it. Main-stream media insists, despite polls that say otherwise, that impeachment is not popular and because George W. Bush is a lame duck at this point, impeachment is unnecessary.
Is George W. Bush a lame duck? Is impeachment at this point unnecessary? What kind of future can we look forward to if Bush is never impeached? In order to answer these questions it is important to look at what impeachment is and what it would do.
“¢ Impeachment would open up investigations by the judiciary committee into the 35 Articles of Impeachment against George W. Bush.
“¢ If the judiciary committee finds that these investigations show that crimes have been committed a resolution will be issued to the House, which then goes on to a Floor vote, and if voted through by a majority will lead to a trial in the Senate.
“¢ The trial in the Senate would be run similar to a court trial, with the full Senate acting as jury with the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court, (John Roberts), acting as judge. Once the arguments of the prosecution and defense are heard the Senate would meet in a closed session to deliberate, the Senate would then vote in open session on each Article of Impeachment ““ a two-thirds vote is needed for a conviction. On conviction the official, (Bush), would be removed from office, if a two-thirds vote is not reached the official would be acquitted.
If convicted Bush would be removed from office, but even if Bush was not convicted in the course of the impeachment spectacle the crimes of the Bush administration would be aired, debated, and proclaimed to the world. No longer could the media ignore the vast legacy of criminality that the Bush regime has perpetrated for the last seven years, and the people of the world would hear all the dark dirty secrets and crimes that this regime has kept and committed and there would be a resounding outcry for justice.
Not only would the Bush regime's deadly crimes be laid bare, but it is highly probable that an impeachment trial would completely prevent Bush from attacking Iran. Article XXI charges Bush with: “Misleading Congress and the American People About Threats from Iran, and Supporting Terrorist Organizations Within Iran, With the Goal of Overthrowing the Iranian Government”. Surely with such a charge pending trial and with a public challenge on the validity of any action against Iran being heard in the Senate, no declaration of war could be acted upon during that time.
The fact that George W. Bush has pushed and continues to push for war with Iran shows that they are far from a lame duck. Bush and their administration are continuing their agenda unabated and virtually unchallenged. Impeachment could be instrumental in preventing Bush from starting another illegal, pre-emptive, and baseless war.
Not only can impeachment lay bare the crimes of the Bush regime for the world to see, remove Bush from office, and at the same time prevent war with Iran, impeachment can also serve another extremely vital function: the impeachment process can serve as an example to future leaders of what will happen to them if they decide to subvert the rule of law.
But what will happen if Kucinich's 35 Articles of Impeachment quietly die in judiciary committee and the crimes of the Bush regime are not investigated? If the Bush regime's crimes are not investigated will these crimes then become accepted behavior by America's leaders? If no one is held to account for authority over-stepped, laws undermined, rule of law flouted, and torture codified, what's to stop the next president, and the next and the next and the one after that from following suit?
To allow George W. Bush to go virtually unchallenged in any significant and legal way now is to allow a foundation of corruption and despotism to be laid at the feet of every president after him: an absolutely flawless model for sidestepping accountability and practicing unchecked and unfettered powers.
Imagine a progression and a continuation of the agenda of the Bush regime year after year. Imagine the aftermath that a pre-emptive and deadly bombing of Iran will have on the world, not only the horrendous death and destruction such an act would immediately cause, but the worldwide economic fall-out, and the possibility of an increase in the ferocity of the wars already being waged and the likely increase in terrorism in retaliation for the actions of George W. Bush. Such a future portends to be a much darker version of our current reality.
A future without impeachment paints a frighteningly bleak picture, a picture that at this point many of us can see but too few of us are acting to prevent. If ever there was a time to act, now is that time. Congressman Kucinich has promised to re-introduce the 35 Articles of Impeachment against Bush within 30 days of the first introduction if the judiciary committee does not act. That's just a few short weeks from now. It's time, right now, to promote the necessity of impeachment as widely as possible. It is imperative that the Bush regime be driven from office and held accountable for its many crimes – it's time to act now.
At this point the future in unwritten, which one we get is up to us.
(Original Source)
Chris Herhalt, CP24.com
Conservative leader Stephen Harper roundly dismissed the notion Tuesday that anyone is voting strategically in this election to keep them from power.
In a live one-on-one interview with CP24's Stephen LeDrew on Tuesday afternoon, the leader of the Conservative Party responded to the “Anyone but Harper” movement, saying it holds no sway in any voter's final decision on the ballot.
“Nobody votes strategically, you and I both know that. People vote for what they think is best for them.”
They went on to tout their party's promises to make a home renovation tax credit permanent, lower EI premiums and a doubling of grants towards registered education savings plans.
Harper said that many of their promises during this campaign have smaller dollar figures attached to them than the ones made by opponents Justin Trudeau and Thomas Mulcair, but that only makes them more feasible to implement, and also, more credible.
“The other guys are going to promise you a whole lot more, but the fact of the matter is you don't know how they'll pay for it and you don't know if they'll even do it,” they said.
With six days to go before Election Day, Harper is visiting Toronto and southern Ontario ridings on Tuesday, where recent polls suggest some of their party's incumbent candidates are in danger of losing.
Recent polls have also placed Harper behind Justin Trudeau's Liberals however, Harper shrugged off any suggestion that modern polls are indicative of true public opinion.
“You're never going to get me to comment on the polls, not only because they're all over the map, but they're also unreliable in the modern era with the internet and cell phones,” they added.
Asked about the heightened visibility of their family on the campaign trail, Harper joke they were surprised but also skeptical when daughter Rachel, 16, and son Ben, 19, told them they were going to join them on the bus.
“Both my son and daughter said ‘we're taking next week off school, we've got permission, we're going to do our homework on the road because we want to be there on the road with you',” Harper said. “Having the family around is the greatest thing, but on the other hand, dad's a bit skeptical. I hope you really are doing that school work and I hope that's all going to come to pass.”
“(Because of their ages) You don't really get to spend this kind of time with the family under normal circumstances so I'm glad under these circumstances we can do that,” they added.
I was born the son of an unemployed coal miner in a tiny Kentucky Appalachian villa named Big Creek (population 400). It's an isolated area with beautiful rolling hills, thick forests, and country folk. I lived in Big Creek until I went to college, spending my weekends cruising the Winn Dixie parking lot for ladies, partying in my cousin's run-down three room trailers, and being a member of the bad-ass Clay County High School Academic Team.
College was quite a shock for me. Girls! Minorities! Strip clubs! And it didn't help that I attended Transylvania University, a fairly snotty (but excellent) private college in Lexington, KY (on scholarship… no way my family could have sent me otherwise). I graduated in the standard four years with a degree in Computer Science.
Since 1996, I've worked for evil corporations (IBM), dot com dreamers (eCampus.com), The Man (both city and state government), The Kids (KY Dept. of Education), and assholes (lots and lots of assholes).
In 2004, I decided my life was boring, that I no longer needed disposable incomeand manageable stress levels. I started Apex Publications, a nationally distributed publisher of science fiction, fantasy, and horror books. It began with just a small print zine (Apex Digest), then a pro-level online & print zine (Apex Magazine–still going strong), then books, and then ebooks.
I edit anthologies, mostly for Apex (because I'm a control freak). I occasionally do copy editing (when pressed) and have done plenty of acquisition editing over the years.
I also write. I don't really write enough to leave a mark, but it seems to go well when I do put pen to paper.
Miscellaneous facts about me: Agnostic, left-handed, blue eyes, super geeky, hillbilly accent, husky, intellectual snob, near-sighted, and typically annoyed at humanity in general. Such a lovely person, right?
Also, and most importantly, I'm not the drunkard all those Facebook photos makes me out to be. It just happens that cameras are always around when I… have libations. Honest!
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
The Disney Channel has announced that for the first time, one of its most popular shows is to include same-sex parents, with a view to being “relevant to kids and families around the world”.
The lesbian mothers are currently being cast for an episode of Good Luck Charlie, and production is to begin next week.
The episode is due to air in early 2014 as part of the final season of the show, which focusses on a Denver family, started in 2010, and aims to appeal to whole families, as opposed to just children.
A statement from the Disney Channel read: “This particular storyline was developed under the consultancy of child development experts and community advisors… Like all Disney Channel programming, it was developed to be relevant to kids and families around the world and to reflect themes of diversity and inclusiveness.”
In the episode, the parents of the main cast are to set up a play date for their children with the lesbian parents' children. When they arrive they learn that the couple are lesbians, but accept them for who they are.
Meanwhile, a television drama featuring a lesbian couple and their family, on the US ABC network last week saw a massive surge in ratings for its second episode, despite conservative groups protesting against it airing.
The pilot for the drama was targeted by anti-LGBT group One Million Moms, which slammed the show as “anti-family”, and said they would do everything they could to stop it “dead in its tracks”.
One Million Moms has not yet commented on the Disney Channel announcement.
A recent poll found that in the US, more people said their perception of gay people had been positively influenced by television's portrayal of them, than said it had a negative impact.
US evangelical organisation the American Decency Association recently published an article claiming that “network television began to shove homosexuality down our throats years ago”.
Sometimes, casting is just inevitable. And then there's even not much science behind it, at least it seems so. Once some address is provided in a variable of the right size, a typed pointer can be cast out of it, and then the object can be accessed via its members and methods as usual. In some situations it is really easy to get the casting wrong, leading to interesting bugs. This article describes an example situation and a proper fix.
Imagine we have a base class C , which inherits from B , which inherits from A . They all have one int member (4 Bytes each):
struct A { int a; }; struct B : A { int b; }; struct C : B { int c; };
Assuming that we have an instance of class C somewhere in memory at address X , we know that its member a which it inherited from struct A lies at exactly the same offset. Member b is located at X + 4 , and c is located at X + 8 .
If we are just interested in one of those specific members, we could simply calculate the offset, and then reinterpret_cast , just like this:
// Print c, assuming x is the address of an instance of struct C: std:: cout << * reinterpret_cast < int *>(x + 8 ) << std:: endl;
Let's assume we have some code, which relies on getting addresses of struct A typed address in integral form:
struct A { int a { 0xa }; }; struct B : A { int b { 0xb }; }; // Simple inheritance: A -> B1 -> C struct C : B { int c { 0xc }; }; void print_a_from_address( std:: uintptr_t addr) { const A *a { reinterpret_cast < const A*>(addr)}; std:: cout << std:: hex << a->a << std:: endl; } int main() { C c; print_a_from_address( reinterpret_cast < std:: uintptr_t>(&c)); return 0 ; }
That's no good style, but this program works. The structures have standard definitions which initialize members a , b , and c to values 0xa , 0xb , and 0xc .
The program will print a at run time, which is what we expect.
The inheritance chain wraps every inheriting member's variables past the structure members in memory from which it is inheriting. So the memory layout of c looks like:
|Relative offset|Value|Structure Type Origin| |0x0|0xa|A| |0x4|0xb|B| |0x8|0xc|C|
(Every table row represents an integer in memory)
This program stops to work so nicely when changing the inheritance chain a bit:
struct A { int a { 0xa }; }; struct B : A { int b { 0xb }; }; struct Foo { int f { 0xf }; }; // Multiple inheritance: (Foo), (A, B) -> C struct C : Foo, B { int c { 0xc }; }; void print_a_from_address( std:: uintptr_t addr) { const A *a { reinterpret_cast < const A*>(addr)}; std:: cout << std:: hex << a->a << std:: endl; } int main() { C c; print_a_from_address( reinterpret_cast < std:: uintptr_t>(&c)); return 0 ; }
This program version will print f , and not a . This is, because we disturbed the memory layout by letting C first inherit from Foo , then from B (which still inherits from A ).
|Relative offset|Value|Structure Type Origin| |0x0|0xf|Foo| |0x4|0xa|A| |0x8|0xb|B| |0xc|0xc|C|
reinterpret_cast is just not the right tool for this, if we just assume that inheriting from A somehow shall do the magic. Before showing how to do it right, i first present another failing example:
/* Unchanged definition of struct A and B... */ struct C : B { int c { 0xd }; virtual void f() {}; }; int main() { C c; print_a_from_address( reinterpret_cast < std:: uintptr_t>(&c)); return 0 ; }
In this case, the program might print a , but in many cases it will print something.
The only difference is, that we added a virtual function in struct C . This leads to this object containing another pointer. It points to a vtable. (That vtable itself is globally accessible at runtime and contains pointers to all virtual functions which that class contains. This is roughly how C++ implements polymorphy.) The vtable pointer can be located somewhere in the object. In the clang and GCC case, it is located at the beginning of the object, where we assumed the member. And that is why it does not work.
Casting done right
int main() { C1 c1; // normal C B A inheritance C2 c2; // Foo C B A inheritance C3 c3; // virtual function added in class C print_a_from_address( reinterpret_cast < std:: uintptr_t>( static_cast < const A*>(&c1))); print_a_from_address( reinterpret_cast < std:: uintptr_t>( static_cast < const A*>(&c2))); print_a_from_address( reinterpret_cast < std:: uintptr_t>( static_cast < const A*>(&c3))); }
I renamed the 3 variants of struct C to C1 , C2 , and C3 . This program will now correctly print a in all these cases.
What is different here (But same in all cases!), is that the address of the objects are first static_cast ed to const A* , and then reinterpret_cast ed to std::uintptr_t .
static_cast applies some magic to the pointer: As it knows from what to what we are casting (from type C to A ), it can modify the actual pointer address. And it must do that, because if we want an A -typed pointer from the C2 object (which first inherits from Foo , and then from B ), then we must add 4 bytes to the address, in order to have an actual A pointer. (Because the A part lies 4 bytes behind the Foo part)
In the C3 case (which adds a virtual function), the pointer must be fixed in the sense that the A part of the object lies behind (or in front of? That is compiler dependend, but static_cast will always get it right!) the vtable. So in this case, clang's static_cast will add 8 bytes offset to the pointer, to make it an actual A typed pointer. (It's 8 bytes, because a pointer is 8 bytes large on 64bit systems which we assume here)
Another nice feature is, that static_cast will refuse to compile, if the object is by no means related to type A . reinterpret_cast just ignores this and gives us no safety.
However, it was not possible to completely avoid reinterpret_cast , because of the type erasing cast from A* to std::uintptr_t , which static_cast would refuse to do. Although we could have used a union which overlays an A pointer with a std::uintptr_t .
Summary
Only use reinterpret_cast when you are 1000000% sure what type you have in front of you. And even if you could do the math of pointer offset correction yourself - don't.
When casting, you should always first consider to static_cast to the type you need first. This will fail if you got the types wrong - this is useful in situations where you deal with templates or auto types) Do the reinterpret_cast only if it is really inevitable, and even then double check its correctness.
reinterpret_cast - static_cast chains will not make your code prettier. As Stroustrup states in their original C++ books, the C++ style casts are intentionally ugly, because they are also potentionally dangerous.
Single User License: $2750 Member Price: FREE Buy Now Membership Options Report Highlights Combined, the U.S. market for advanced drinking water technologies, made up of membrane filtration, ozone disinfection, UV irradiation, and novel oxidation processes is estimated at nearly $1.9 billion in 2011 and is growing at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 8.2% through 2016.
SCOPE OF REPORT
This report examines the market for four categories of advanced municipal water treatment: membrane filtration, ultraviolet irradiation, ozone disinfection, and some novel advanced oxidation processes. Five-year projections are provided for market activity and value. Industry structure, technological trends, pricing considerations, R&D, government regulations, company profiles, and competitive technologies are included in the study.
The report is primarily a study of the U.S. market, but due to the international presence of some industry participants, global activities are included when appropriate.
ANALYST CREDENTIALS
During the past 15 years, Susan Hanft has authored more than 30 market research reports for BCC Research in the fields of membrane technology, water and wastewater treatment, and separations used in food and beverage manufacture, medicine, and biotechnology.
In the aftermath of the 9/11 attacks, the Bush administration crafted a legal theory and detention policy to handle accused terrorists. Nowhere was the policy more conspicuously problematic than at Guantánamo, where a total of 779 detainees were held and where today 166 remain after over ten years. The Bush administration referred to these people as the most dangerous terrorists, as “the worst of the worst,” but that was simply a lie. Of the total captured, only a little over half were even determined by the U.S. government to have committed any belligerent acts against the United States or its allies. And of course, most of those people were just soldiers, many conscripted in the Taliban, fighting against an invading army. Captured enemy soldiers are traditionally treated as prisoners of war, not vicious criminals. Only about 8 percent were labeled al Qaeda fighters. What's more, only five percent were even captured by U.S. forces—the bulk came from Northern Alliance and Pakistani warlords who rounded up as many people as they could to hand them over for a cash reward. In short, a huge number of these people were totally innocent—on pilgrimage to conduct business or charity work. Some were children.
By 2008, almost everyone who was the least bit reasonable realized this whole thing was a great stain upon the American character and wanted it ended. The Supreme Court ruled in Boumediene v. Bush that constitutional guarantees of common law habeas corpus extended to the prison. Bush's Defense Secretary Robert Gates and Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice were among the voices calling for closure. Seven Guantánamo prosecutors had resigned, most citing the total mockery of justice. Obama won the presidency promising to close the prison camp.
Yet they didn't simply vow to close it, release the many who should be released, and try the few whom the government had any evidence to try on terrorism charges. They instead proposed to create a Guantánamo-like prison camp within the United States. In May 2009, standing in front of the National Archives, Obama announced a policy of “prolonged detention” to continue indefinitely holding people without traditional just cause on the basis that nothing else easy could be done.
Under Bush and in the early Obama era, the executive and then the judiciary released prisoners. The administration put a freeze on these releases. Congress also obstructed releases by passing a law barring the release of prisoners to designated enemy states, but it also passed legislation allowing Obama to make individual exceptions of prisoners in the name of national security. They have not done so. What's more, as commander in chief, they can easily move these prisoners around and order their release as Bush set the system up in the first place. As the head of the executive branch, they also can pardon people in the criminal justice system. Are we really to believe he's powerless here? Even PBS recognizes that much is in their control.
The last three prisoners to leave Guantánamo have left dead. The last one, Adnan Latif, committed suicide after being told they were cleared for release. They had been stuck in the dungeon for ten years, another totally innocent victim of being in the wrong place at the wrong time. Even though the Supreme Court declared that habeas extended to Guantánamo, and a lower federal court ordered their release, the administration appealed, was backed up by a higher court, and the Supreme Court refused to come to their rescue.
Latif was on a hunger strike, and was force-fed, in violation of international standards of basic human decency. Now a majority of Guantánamo's inmates are on hunger strike, the administration has responded with force-feeding and by cutting off their water, and Obama again reiterates their supposed goal to close down the prison.
Obama's partisans attribute their waffling to political pressure and the Republicans, but congressional Democrats were the ones to first refuse to fund the prison closure in 2009. What's more, Obama could have won points for standing firm on this, for standing up for justice for a change, and teaching the country the importance of human rights and constitutional law. Instead, they chose to spend their political capital on their domestic economic policy.
Here's what I think the administration should do: simply release these people. If it thinks a few of them can be prosecuted, then it should be bound by all the basic rules of civil procedure. If it thinks that the case against some of them is tainted due to torture, then it should release those people. That is a risk that comes in torturing people, and a civilized society shouldn't tolerate holding people because they've been abused. It should dispense with this “terrorist nation” designation and free these people. The Bush administration detained tens of thousands in Iraq, and let them go. Whatever risk comes in letting them go cannot justify holding onto them a second longer. If the Obama administration really has trouble finding a place for them, I'd recommend buying each of them a house on Pennsylvania Avenue. The money can come from liquidated government assets or from forcing Bush and Obama administration officials to pay restitution.
America's post-9/11 detention policy will always be remembered as one of the greatest injustices in American history. The very least that must happen now is for the injustice to end. If any of America's enemies were torturing over a hundred people in a dungeon for a decade and concocted a shameless legal theory to justify it as the Obama administration has, it would be cited as a major human rights abuse and some would call for military intervention to depose such a tyrannical regime. It's time for all Americans to stop tolerating these profound, unspeakable atrocities carried out in our names. Free the prisoners. Close Guantánamo. And end the nonsensical Alice-in-Wonderland legal principles and military policies that have so thoroughly twisted the American system into a wannabe impersonator of communist dictatorships.
Tags: Civil Liberties, Liberty, Middle East, Personal Liberty, Presidential Power, The State, Torture
Technology companies like Apple, Samsung, Microsoft and more are constantly finding new ways to improve their cutting-edge products, whether it's with stunning new hardware designs, useful software improvements, or by coming up with entirely new products we didn't even know we wanted.
When it comes to new gadgets and gizmos, 2017 was the year of several big changes. First and foremost, it was the year of the voice-activated assistant, with devices like the Amazon Echo and Google Home invading homes everywhere. It was also the year that smartphone designers figured out how to pack a massive screen in a device that's still easy to hold, as seen in the iPhone X and Samsung Galaxy S8. And it was the year that consoles like the Nintendo Switch meant gaming on the go no longer meant making big sacrifices in terms of game quality.
Here's a look at TIME's top 10 gadgets of 2017.
Sony
With notable improvements over its predecessor and a cheaper price than Sony's A9 Alpha, the recently unveiled Sony Alpha A7R III stands to be one of the best mirrorless cameras ever made. It can shoot at twice the resolution of the A9 and has an autofocus that's twice as fast as the A7R II, although it's worth remembering that the A9 offers faster burst shooting. But the lower price and heightened performance are likely more than enough to impress pro and novice photographers alike.
Buy it on Amazon
Apple
Apple's latest smartwatch finally lets you leave your phone at home. Since it supports LTE, you can receive calls and texts on your wrist even when your phone is out of range. The third-generation Apple Watch also brings a faster processor and a new barometric altimeter for measuring activities like the numbers of stairs you climb. The Apple Watch isn't meant to replace your phone, and just about anything you would usually use your phone for is better on a larger screen. But the freedom to leave your phone at home when you step out to walk the dog or go on a run may be just enough to persuade smartwatch skeptics that the Apple Watch is worth considering, especially for athletic types.
Buy it from Apple
Microsoft
If you're still not convinced that the days of buying large, cumbersome consoles to get the best gaming performance are over, look no further than the Xbox One X. Microsoft's latest console crams six teraflops and native 4K gaming support into a sleek package, making it the choice console for players who want screaming performance for less than the price of a high-end gaming PC.
Buy it on Amazon
Amazon
Virtual assistants like Siri have been around for years, but it wasn't until the first Amazon Echo launched in 2014 that voice-enabled gadgets really started to take off. Three years later, Amazon's true successor to the original Echo improves on the first version in every meaningful way. The design is shorter and more attractive, the improved speaker includes a woofer and a tweeter, and most importantly, it's noticeably cheaper at just $99.99. These enhancements should help keep Amazon at the top of the smart speaker market as competition from rivals like Google, Microsoft and others heats up.
Buy it on Amazon
Nintendo
Nintendo's iconic grey-and-purple Super Nintendo gaming machine made a huge comeback in 2017. The SNES Classic comes loaded with 21 retro titles, including Super Mario World, The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past, Donkey Kong Country, and a previously unreleased Star Fox game. Everything from the games themselves to the way the controllers feel in your hands are exactly as you would remember from the 1990s. Catering to players' nostalgia has seemingly paid off: the SNES Classic was the second best-selling video game console during the month of October, according to research firm NPD, and it's been nearly impossible to find since its September launch.
Buy it on Amazon
Samsung
Samsung's flagship Galaxy Android handsets set the standard for smartphones in 2017. It may have not been the first phone with a nearly borderless screen, but the Galaxy S8's exquisitely curved display certainly made it the among most attractive phones of the year. Not to mention its eye-popping OLED display, which for a long time was the best you could ask for on a phone. Samsung also made an effort to simplify the phone's software, cutting a lot of the extraneous features that made its older phones feel clunky.
Buy it from Samsung
DJI
DJI's palm-sized drone is a big step in the direction of making drones easier and more convenient for the average person. The Spark's standout feature is that it doesn't require a remote control for navigation. Just tap the button on the back of the drone twice, and it will prepare to take off from the palm of your hand. You can also pilot the Spark with your hand, prompting it to fly higher, lower, or in a certain direction with a wave of your arm. Of course, these features work best under optimal conditions, and the Spark doesn't always operate flawlessly, but its size and simplicity are a feat in their own right.
Buy it on Amazon
Microsoft
Microsoft's first crack at a real laptop (not a tablet-notebook hybrid) is a real winner. Between its light and elegant design, sharp screen, and long-lasting battery, the Surface Laptop is solid choice for anyone seeking a new Windows computer. Microsoft is positioning the Surface Laptop as a showpiece for Windows 10 S, the newer version of Windows that can only run programs from Microsoft's app store. With Windows 10 S, Microsoft is essentially hoping to bring to Windows machines what Google has done for Chromebooks: making the software simpler to allow for faster performance, more battery life, and better security. But those who find Windows 10 S too restrictive can upgrade to Windows 10 Pro on the Surface Laptop for free for a limited time. The software upgrade will cost $50 after the promotional period ends.
Buy it from Microsoft
Apple
Yes, it's expensive. Yes, you'll probably have a hard time getting your hands on one. And yes, Android did it first. But the iPhone X's edge-to-edge screen and facial recognition system will undoubtedly set a new standard for phones to come. For one, Apple's Face ID system, even despite the security concerns, is already being used in more creative ways than Samsung's facial identification tech. Third-party apps like Snapchat and Warby Parker are taking advantage of the iPhone X's face-mapping technology to project realistic masks over your eyes or select glasses that suit your face's shape. That, combined with a sharp camera, long battery life, and large screen packed into a more palatable size, make Apple's iPhone X a top pick.
Buy it from Apple
Nintendo
For about as long as game consoles have existed, players have had to choose between gaming in front of a TV or holding a tiny screen in their hands while out and about. Not so with the Nintendo Switch, the first console that's truly designed for both at-home and on-the-go entertainment. The Switch consists of a tablet with a 6.2-inch screen with slots for attaching Nintendo's Joy-Con controllers on either side, turning it into a handheld video game machine. But when you're at home, you can slide the slate into a dock that hooks up to your TV and play it like a traditional console. That “play anywhere, anytime” approach, combined with a stellar games roster, from the recently launched Super Mario Odyssey to The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild, makes the Switch a true knockout.
Buy it on Amazon
(Read TIME's affiliate link policy.)
Contact us at editors@time.com.
Thinking you are invaluable and irreplaceable. Self-confidence is a good trait as long as it doesn't break a certain threshold. If it is in excess, it will certainly lead to the ruined expectations, dreams, and life. There is no such a man that cannot be replaced, no matter how valuable, interesting, adorable and close they are. Either we talk about the relationships or a job, never let yourself believe that you are the only one who fits that place. The chances are, with time, this overconfidence will become your worst enemy.
Staying in broken relationships. Embrace the truth. Not everything in life can be fixed. The same holds for the broken relationships. It does not mean you should break up after the very first serious fight. Nonetheless, sometimes the relationships indeed hit bottom and the love is gone for months. You are no longer attracted to your partner in any sense and your relationships look like a must rather than a want. Do not let them ruin your life. Leave the broken relationships behind and be bold enough to move ahead.
Trying to fit someone else's story. People love narratives. They like listening to great and exciting stories of success and love, and whatever. And there is nothing bad in loving them as long as no one tries to fit one of those stories. People go to India in search for spiritual enrichment, drop out of college and start their business in a garage with the hope that this will help to become billionaires. In most cases, such commitment will only ruin your life.
Trying to do everything alone. And never asking for help. A man is not capable of doing everything alone due to natural scarcity of resources, i.e. time and knowledge, and energy. The habit of acting alone is not going to lead to any outstanding results. Moreover, it will make you feel miserable even while tackling plain everyday issues. When it comes to acting big, there is one thing to always keep in mind: Every great idea requires a great team. Nothing worthwhile is ever done alone.
Living beyond one's own earnings. The modern financial market provides a vast range of opportunities to get a quick loan or simply use a credit card while buying stuff at a mall. The problem is that, if you abuse this and overuse this option too often, you are more than likely to lose control over your own expenses one day. Getting used to the good life very fast is inherent in every human being. Meanwhile, it is almost impossible to make yourself cut the expenses fast. Ultimately, you end up owing a huge amount of money to a financial institution that does not care about your problems, and needs, but only claims its money back along with the huge interests on top.
Floating along. Living the life with no aspirations and goals is a priori bad idea. Swimming along the tide of your life and totally relying on the external circumstances are not going to lead you to a meaningful life. Make sure that you define your goals and make them crystal clear. Every day do something to get closer to the things you want to accomplish. Otherwise, you are more than likely to live the meaningless life that is not worth remembering.
Surrounding yourself with the people who hold you back. The environment is crucial. Peer pressure and social influence are very powerful sources of both motivation and distraction. Get serious about the people who surround you and ruthlessly avoid those who are going to hold you back. Surround yourself with those who are smarter, faster, and stronger and let them challenge you to grow. Otherwise, the environment of small, slack, and dumb people will quickly make you one of them.
Please feel free to check out the Slice Planner that was built to help you take your productivity to the whole new level in 2017.
by PAUL HUARD
Seventy years ago, Ralph Hite was a 17-year-old U.S. Marine who had no idea why the Corps had sent to a tiny Pacific island named Iwo Jima.
Fresh from fighting on Guam but with no briefing about their mission, they and their fellow Marines arrived Feb. 21, 1945, in a landing craft on Green Beach about 500 yards northeast of the foot of Mount Suribachi.
Just two days later, a photograph of five Marines and a Navy corpsman raising an American flag on Suribachi's summit became arguably the most famous picture of World War II.
More than 70,000 Marines and Navy personnel participated in the massive invasion. Counting Japanese defenders, at one point there were more than 100,000 people battling on an island smaller than Manhattan.
“I jumped out of that boat, all gung ho,” Hite, now 88, told War Is Boring. “Nothing. Nothing. Quiet as can be.”
That all quickly changed. Thirty days later, the former high school baseball player from rural Oregon had seen Hell on Earth as the Battle of Iwo Jima transformed into some of the worst combat in Marine Corps history and the Pacific War.
Three of their sergeants died in action. So did a good friend. They narrowly escaped death when a mortar round hit a trench where they took cover to escape Japanese fire.
Cpl. Ralph Hite, Third Marine Division, in 1945. Photo courtesy of Ralph Hite and Brandi Randall. At top—Leathernecks of the 5th Marine Division inch their way across the sands of Iwo Jima on Red Beach, Feb. 19, 1945. U.S. Marine Corps photo
They endured an incompetent officer, weapons that jammed because of rust and the island's volcanic sand, Japanese suicide attacks and snipers.
Hite said they were always confident that they and their fellow Marines would prevail against the Japanese. But then an enemy grenade showered them with metal fragments—he still has shrapnel in their body.
“I didn't think they could kill me, but I found out that they could,” said Hite, a recipient of the Purple Heart. The war was over for him—he evacuated to Pearl Harbor where they spent months recovering from theirs wounds.
The five-week Battle of Iwo Jima is one of the most significant events of World War II. Fought to seize air bases later used as emergency landing fields for U.S. bombers, the Marines' victory there undoubtedly saved the lives of air crews fighting for survival in crippled B-29s.
February marks two important 70th anniversaries in the history of the battle. On Feb. 19, combat operations first began. On Feb. 23, the iconic flag-raising took place.
But the Battle of Iwo Jima is more than dates on a calendar or the source of a famous photo.
Iwo Jima was notable for men of uncommon valor. Congress and the War Department approved 27 Medals of Honor for veterans of Iwo Jima—more recipients of the nation's highest military honor than for any other battle in U.S. history.
The 22 Marines who received the Medal of Honor because of their heroism on Iwo Jima represent one-quarter of all the Marine Corps' recipients during World War II.
Iwo Jima was also a victory symbolic of the rising tide of Allied success. The volcanic island is Japanese soil, only 660 miles south of the home islands, and was considered part of the Tokyo Imperial Prefecture.
Gen. Tadamichi Kuribayashi, the Japanese commander of the island, and their garrison of 22,000 men had spent months riddling the eight-square-mile island with tunnels, “spider holes,” pill boxes and machine gun nests. Every inch of the island was a battle zone. No part of the island was a rear area.
Veteran after veteran tells of Japanese soldiers who ferociously attacked seemingly out of nowhere both during the day and night, or apparently empty stretches of landscape that would suddenly fill with machine gun fire from hidden emplacements.
The cost in American lives was terrible. It's the only battle during World War II where American casualties exceeded Japanese casualties—Japanese forces suffered 21,000 soldiers killed or wounded, while the Americans lost more than 26,000 killed or wounded.
Japanese losses were staggering, as well. Japan had three times as many combat deaths as American forces in the battle, and the Americans took prisoner only 216 Japanese soldiers. Many Japanese refused to surrender and fought to the death.
This article is over 3 years old
State fisheries minister denies the program is a cull but is merely aimed at catching sharks near popular beaches
Queensland's fisheries minister, Bill Byrne, has defended a shark protection program that caught and killed 621 sharks between July 2014 and June 2015.
They said the program had bipartisan support and focused on sharks that could injure or kill swimmers.
The minister maintained the program was not a cull because it wasn't designed to decrease the local shark population. “The program is purely designed to catch sharks that are in the vicinity of popular beaches,” they said.
Byrne added that sea creatures accidentally caught under the shark protection program would be documented online. Their department would document bycatch found in nets and drum lines on its website.
“As part of our commitment to open and consultative government this information will now be readily available,” they told a budget estimates hearing on Wednesday.
Of the 621 sharks caught, there were: 251 tiger sharks, 173 whaler sharks, 111 bull sharks and eight great whites.
Australian Associated Press contributed to this report
Emily Lakdawalla • February 7, 2013
Pretty picture: tessera terrain on Venus
Venus is underrepresented in planetary geology these days, because there hasn't been a new mission that could clearly see the surface since Magellan ended in 1994. Which is sad, because Venus' surface is so striking. I've been working on filling out the "space images" section of our website lately and decided we need more Venus. So here's a picture of the surface of Venus, which I found while browsing around the planet at mapaplanet.org. Here's a direct link to the map-a-planet page for this part of Venus. I picked this spot to show you a particular kind of rough terrain on Venus' surface known as "tessera."
NASA / JPL / mapaplanet.org / Emily Lakdawalla Tessera terrain, Venus This is an area of Venus located southeast of Fortuna Tessera. The bright, rough terrain is "tessera"; the dark material between it is smoother lava plains. The plains are cut by polygonal cracks and folded by wrinkle ridges. Plains lavas have flowed into linear cracks in the tessera, indicating that the plains lavas came after the tessera. This is an area of Venus located southeast of Fortuna Tessera. The bright, rough terrain is "tessera"; the dark material between it is smoother lava plains. The plains are cut by polygonal cracks and folded by wrinkle ridges. Plains lavas have flowed into linear cracks in the tessera, indicating that the plains lavas came after the tessera.
If you zoom in and take a look around, you can see how tessera is broken up by fractures and/or folds -- multiple generations of them, criscrossing each other willy-nilly. At its edges, you can see how the darker (hence, smoother) plains lavas lapped up onto the tessera, making it look in some places almost like the lavas dissolved the tessera away.
You might predict that the remaining tessera stand high, and the lava plains low. When you look at the data, though, the actual story of the topography isn't that simple. Magellan did return topographic data, but its resolution is nowhere near the resolution of the radar images. Here's what the topographic data look like for exactly the same region. Dark is low, bright is high. Each of those little parallelograms is a pixel in the global digital elevation model for Venus. And each of those pixels is actually substantially smaller than the footprint of Magellan's altimeter. It actually sampled an area about 2 by 3 or 4 pixels in size each time it bounced a radar signal off the surface to measure the range.
Topographic data for tessera terrain image
It wasn't at all obvious to me how this elevation data related to the image data, so I did an old trick: I colorized the elevation data and overlaid the color on the image. Incidentally, it's common to use a rainbow spectrum for this operation, but that is very bad for people who are colorblind. I adopted a color table suggested in this Eos article, where blue is low, white is intermediate, and red is high elevation. Voila. Have we learned anything?
Colorized topographic data overlaid tessera terrain image In this image, blue represents the lowest elevations, white (lack of color) the intermediate elevations, and red the highest elevations. In this image, blue represents the lowest elevations, white (lack of color) the intermediate elevations, and red the highest elevations.
Here is what I learn from looking at the photo:
We've disproven the hypothesis that the tessera terrain in this image is high-standing with respect to the dark plains. There are some tessera spots that have some of the highest elevations, but others have some of the lowest elevations; the same is true of the plains.
The only correlation between terrain type and elevation that I can see has to do with the little shield volcanoes that you can see pimpling the landscape in little clusters here and there. There's one such shield field near the bottom center, which is high in elevation. Look around at other high-elevation spots and you'll see that many of them contain clusters of shields. But not all of them.
The other thing that I notice -- and this is much easier to see by looking back to the middle image I posted, just the topography data -- is that there's much more variance in the topography within the tessera areas than within the predominantly-plains areas. There's a band of kinds of muted-looking topography crossing the image from upper left to lower middle, and that's the same place where you see a wide swath of plains lava. Look in the tessera areas, on the other hand, and you see very high spots right next to very low spots. I've noticed that elsewhere on Venus, too. I don't really know what it means, but it's made me a little distrustful of the topography data in these rough terrains.
There is a new topographic data set for parts of Venus, developed by Robbie Herrick, based on stereo imaging rather than on the altimetric data. I downloaded some of the data but it's just a little beyond my image processing comfort zone and I didn't wind up producing anything I was willing to show anybody. If any of you out there try it with better results, let me know!
Emily Lakdawalla Senior Editor and Planetary Evangelist for The Planetary Society
Read more articles by Emily Lakdawalla
Water in distant galaxies is difficult to detect from Earth because the molecule lacks favorably placed spectral transitions. Astronomers seeking a proxy turn instead to water's protonated form, hydronium (H 3 O+), whose lowest vibrational transitions lie in the millimeter band. Now Vladimir Špirko of Charles University in Prague and their collaborators have identified another use for hydronium: as a probe to determine whether the proton-to-electron mass ratio, μ, varies. Given that gluons, not quarks, make up most of the proton's mass, variations in μ could arise if the strong nuclear force changes through cosmic time, as some theorists have speculated. The energy of a vibrational state depends on the molecular mass and therefore on the proton mass and μ. When those vibrational states lie close to inversion and rotational states, the μ dependence strengthens. To determine how sensitive those combined states are to variations in μ, Špirko and their collaborators calculated hydronium's potential energy and dipole moment as functions of the positions of its constituent atoms. They then fed those functions into a nuclear motion code to calculate the transition energies. It turned out that some of the transitions could indeed serve as probes. The difference between two of them—from the ground state to the third excited state—was about four times more sensitive to μ than the methanol transitions used earlier this year to constrain the value of Δμ/μ during the past 7 billion years to be no more than 10−7. (A. Owens et al., Mon. Not. R. Astron. Soc. 454, 2292, 2015.)
Newest stop on the Kentucky Bourbon Trail caps off $100 million investment
LAWRENCEBURG, Ky. (April 15, 2014)– Wild Turkey Distillery on Tuesday celebrated the grand opening of its new visitor center in Lawrenceburg.
“This visitor center is the crowning achievement for Wild Turkey,” said Gov. Steve Beshear, who attended the ceremony. “Several years of production-specific upgrades and financial stimulus have provided an economic boost to this county and beyond. As we continue to grow awareness for our bourbon culture, we look forward to welcoming our fellow Kentuckians, Americans and visitors from abroad to the Wild Turkey Distillery and the entire Kentucky Bourbon Trail.”
The more than 9,000-s.f. visitor center is expected to be a mecca for bourbon lovers and Wild Turkey fans across the globe. As the only destination on the Kentucky Bourbon Trail offering full visibility and complete access to the art and science of making bourbon, the distillery expects to welcome approximately 80,000 guests this year.
“Last year, our visitor center was housed in a tiny 1,000-square-foot house from the 1800s and we still saw a 16 percent spike in visitors to Wild Turkey Hill,” said Jean-Jacques Dubau, president and CEO, Campari America. “With our gleaming, new architectural masterpiece, we finally have a visitor center worthy of Wild Turkey's legacy, as well as an outstanding calling card for Kentucky's bourbon industry.”
The grand opening of the visitor center caps off a more than $100 million investment by Gruppo Campari to thoroughly modernize and expand the distillery experience. Guests can sip and savor bourbon seven days a week while receiving an historical indoctrination into one of the oldest distillery operations in Kentucky. Exclusive keepsakes in the gift shop include recent, limited-edition products, allowing visitors to bring a taste of Kentucky home with them.
“Tourism is one of Kentucky's top industries with a multi-billion dollar economic impact in the commonwealth,” said Sen. Julian Carroll of Frankfort. “We are continuously trying to grow that industry and the Kentucky Bourbon Trail is an important part of the commonwealth's tourism makeup. This new center at Wild Turkey will not only impact the industry, but make the experience more enjoyable for visitors.”
“I want to thank Gruppo Campari for its continued investment in the facilities here at Wild Turkey Hill,” said Lawrenceburg Mayor Edwinna Baker. “The investments made on this property are not just in facilities, but in the people of this area – the dedicated workers at this facility and all of our great community.”
“On behalf of the Anderson County Fiscal Court and the residents of Lawrenceburg and Anderson County, we are very proud that Gruppo Campari has brought a state-of-the-art visitor center to the Kentucky Wild Turkey facility,” said Anderson County Judge-Executive John Wayne Conway.
The grand opening celebration also marks legendary Master Distiller Jimmy Russell's 60th year of service with Wild Turkey. Russell stands as the longest-serving, active master distiller of a major whiskey brand in not just Kentucky, but all of North America.
For more information on Wild Turkey, visit wildturkeybourbon.com.
A Minneapolis police officer was charged with felony assault Tuesday for shooting at a car during a downtown melee in November.
Efrem Hamilton, 42, was working off-duty at a downtown bar when they responded to a “shots fired” call shortly after bar closing time on Nov. 19. A gray Cadillac sedan was reported to be leaving the scene of the incident.
Hamilton didn't radio that they were going to the scene, according to the criminal complaint. They noticed a gray BMW leaving the scene, but didn't know the driver had been ordered by police to drive away from the shooting area.
Hamilton attempted to block the car with their squad, which was driving backward. This caused the driver of the BMW to inadvertently ram the squad. Both vehicles had minor damage and nobody was injured.
Hamilton got out of their squad and fired a shot at the BMW without any warning to the six occupants, the complaint said. Nobody was hit.
They told investigators they fired at the driver because “that's who rammed me” and that they feared for their life. They only fired one shot because they believed the driver was no longer a threat.
Hennepin County Attorney Mike Freeman charged Hamilton with second-degree assault and intentional discharge of a firearm. They made their first court appearance Tuesday. They were relieved of duty in December following the incident, and an internal probe is being conducted. Hamilton was not jailed.
“This latest development in the war on cops is alarming,” said Hamilton's attorney Fred Bruno, in a statement.
“Officer Hamilton was responding to a brawl with shots fired. The suspect car called into dispatch matched the description and direction of the vehicle which rammed their squad,” they said. “It is beyond belief that the criminals who assaulted Officer Hamilton are not the subject of a felony complaint.”
Police Chief Janeé Harteau said in a statement Tuesday that they were aware of the charges.
“I am concerned and disappointed that a Minneapolis Police officer has been accused of criminal conduct, and we do not take this matter lightly,” they said, adding that the department would provide as much information as state law allows.
The car's six passengers filed a complaint in connection with the incident. Activist groups including the NAACP and Black Lives Matter also decried Hamilton's actions.
Caylea Wade, the 23-year-old driver of the BMW, was trying to leave the area with their friends after a night on the town, said their father, Lou Wade. An officer told the group to reverse the vehicle and return the way they came, they said, when a squad car approached from behind and the vehicles collided. A shot suddenly rang out, striking the driver's side door, and the occupants were surrounded.
“They weren't suspects. It's unfortunate that they put my girl in harm's way,” Wade said in an interview in November. “We just can't have police officers on the force like that. I think it's negligence.”
Bruno said Hamilton, who served in the Marines, acted correctly and committed no crime. They were dismayed at “the rapidity with which the politicians have pilloried Hamilton.”
Union President Lt. Bob Kroll called Hamilton a respected officer.
There were four women and two men in the BMW, and all but one was a person of color, Freeman said. Hamilton is black. They added that there's no indication that race had anything to do with the shooting.
“In that three seconds, they had no business discharging their weapon,” Freeman said.
Freeman said police are to use deadly force only in the “rarest of circumstances” when concerned for their safety.
“In this case, that standard was not even close here,” they said. “It had to be charged.”
Staff writer Brandon Stahl contributed to this report.
Instagram
It seems that almost every week a new hair color trend makes its rounds on the Internet. The fact that it's also music festival season could be a huge reason why, since many people choose to experiment and do something bolder with their looks during this time. Rainbow hair and glitter roots have definitely had their moments this year, and hopefully won't be going away anytime soon. But a new hair color trend is blowing up on Instagram, and it's one that we're totally down to get behind.
Stenciled hair is exactly what it sounds like — using a stencil to dye a specific design onto your hair. Janine Ker, an artist and hairstylist at Salon Aguayo has highlighted several examples of their hair stencils on Instagram. Janine draws sketches to inspire their designs using Sharpies and colored pencils on a canvas for the full effect, before turning them into real-life hair creations.
Janine has dyed bold designs including lotus flowers and geometric figures onto their clients' hair, as well as more subtle designs such as polka dots and bubbles. While many hairstylists seek to transform hair into art, Janine has started a trend that literally places art onto your head. There's no doubt that hair stencils will be seen on festival grounds a lot this summer and continue to sweep onto our Instagram feeds.
Related: Kristen Stewart Just Wore a Bold Red Smoky Eye
Among the many exploits of Ken Block we've posted on over the years, we've always loved this video of their Subaru WRX STI fitted with tracks at all four corners. So when we got a tip on an eBay Motors auction for a similarly equipped WRX , we were tempted to head up I-75 to check out the car in person.The Subaru is for sale in Chassell, MI, some 550 miles north of Detroit in Michigan's Upper Peninsula, way up in the Keweenaw Peninsula, which extends into the middle of Lake Superior. With apologies to our friends in Canada , it's about as far north as you want to go when the snow flies. And the snow flies a lot in the Keweenaw, thanks to a wicked lake effect that dumps more than 200 inches of the white stuff every winter. Yes, that's over 17 feet of snow, but it's nothing compared to the winter of 1978-1979, when the area got almost 30. So if you're wondering why anyone not named Ken Block would fit a track system to their Impreza , well, now you know.Alas, this year Michigan has not seen much in the way of winter, even up in the frosty north country. With just 120 inches of snow through the end of February and temperatures that pushed into the upper 70s on St. Patrick's Day, getting around the Keweenaw right now does not require tank-like traction – or even four-wheel-drive.Whether that's motivated the seller or not, we don't know, but we do know what would motivate us to buy: The promise of next winter.Click past the jump to see video of this eBay Motors find kicking up rooster tails, or check out all the pictures in our gallery
(KUTV) An attorney representing the LDS Church said they would have to spend $40,000 a month if the state's proposal to increase water monitoring goes through.
The EPA's revised total coliform rule goes into effect April 1st. It mandates that certain campgrounds and properties with public drinking water be monitored for bacteria quarterly.
The Utah Division of Drinking Water proposed the idea of monthly checks. They cited an August 2011 incident where 72 people were sickened by e. coli.
"We're trying to make water safe," said division director, Ken Bousfield.
They said more frequent testing would catch possible bacteria earlier, possibly before it has a chance to get people sick.
Attorney Chris Cramhall, whose firm Kirton McConkie represents the LDS Church, said during public comment January 20th, "Does a single case justify a change to the entire system?"
The 2011 outbreak happened at Shawnee and Ben Lomand parks. The LDS Church owns and manages both of them.
Under the state's proposal, property owners would be responsible for taking the samples, mailing them in, and paying for the tests, a cost of $10-$20.
Several organizations said the added testing is an inconvenience and would be costly to send a trained staff member out to certain sites.
Bousfield said the added cost is worth it to help keep people healthy.
"But it gives you better assurance that all is well if you're taking those samples and those samples are in fact clean."
|
After getting to know upcoming Firefox 11 and Firefox 12 web browsers features, here is what's next for Mozilla:
Firefox 13 Features
Download Manager
Let's start with some bad news. Even though the panel based download manager was pretty much confirmed for Firefox 12, it looks like you won't see it till the Firefox 13 is released.
Update Improvements
There are two update improvements that will take place in the future and those are:
– Updated workflow for users who have incompatible add-ons
The update procedure will differ on user basis depending on the extensions that they have installed. For example: if you have 1 incompatible add-on, Mozilla will not ask you to update Firefox for 7 days, unless developer fixes the issue. After the grace period is over, an update notification will be displayed, informing user about the issues and also offering to either update the Firefox web browser or remind later.
– Silent Update: Background updates
Instead of updating web browser upon the launch, Firefox 13 will do so during the current active session, which means that after the restart, you'll be set.
As Mozilla explains, such behavior will improve user experience:
Yesterday, Johnny was about to leave home to go to work but they wanted to check their Facebook one last time before heading out the door. They launched Firefox but rather than being taken right to Facebook, they were presented with a 15 second delay, staring at an updater progress dialog. It wasn't terribly long, but after seeing this same thing happen every six weeks, Johnny decided they hated Firefox and moved to IE. With the new and improved Firefox, with this feature implemented, Johnny is never frustrated with updates ever again.
And that is all for today. We'll let you know in case there are any changes or additions.
When city building inspector Roberto Uribe met with a property owner about rehab on a building last November, their demands seemed ripped out of some old-school handbook of Chicago graft.
"What's happening now is you're gonna give me some appreciation ... and that appreciation is gonna be $300," Uribe allegedly said to the property owner, who was wearing a hidden wire for the FBI. "Now how quickly can you get me my money to keep my mouth shut?"
That line was one of several quoted in a federal criminal complaint unsealed Tuesday charging Uribe with attempted extortion for allegedly soliciting the $300 bribe in exchange for allowing tuck-pointing work on the owner's two-story building to proceed without a permit.
Uribe, 55, was arrested Tuesday morning and later released on their own recognizance after appearing in federal court.
Uribe is employed as a building and construction inspector for the city's Department of Buildings, according to the complaint. City records show Uribe's salary is $78,000 a year.
A statement from the department Tuesday said the city requires inspectors to attend ethics training, "where the consequences for breaking the law are made very clear, including termination of employment."
"We have zero tolerance for inspectors that choose to betray the public trust," the emailed statement read.
The statement did not address Uribe's current job status.
The charges alleged Uribe initially approached workers performing renovations at the building and asked if they had a permit to work on the front window facade and parapet. The undisclosed building owner then met with Uribe and was allegedly solicited for a bribe.
The owner went to the FBI and agreed to wear a hidden recorder, authorities said.
In a recorded conversation last Nov. 9, Uribe allegedly boasted of their ability to shut down the renovation work unless the owner paid them the bribe. Uribe allegedly told the owner that the bribe would save both of them time and money.
"What's going to happen is, if we put a stop on it, it's going to stop you for six months, seven months," Uribe told the building owner, according to the complaint. If work were halted, they warned the owner he'd have to hire an architect and draft new plans that could cost as much as $3,500, the charges said.
"I'm looking out for you, we're looking out for each other," Uribe allegedly said. "But you're doing me a favor by hurrying up and getting this closed off. Because the sooner this gets done, the better."
After the owner told Uribe he'd get them the money the next day, Uribe said that if another inspector asked about the work, their "story" would be that they were only tuck-pointing the original parapet again and that no special permit was needed, according to the complaint.
On Nov. 12, FBI agents were watching as Uribe pulled up to the building in a dark blue Ford Escape. The recording revealed that during the meeting, Uribe told the building owner that if anyone asked, the $300 bribe was for the purchase of a table saw.
"You want to count it?" the complaint quoted the owner as asking.
"No, this is a merit of trust," Uribe allegedly replied.
jmeisner@tribpub.com
Twitter @jmetr22b
Microsoft is lying and intentionally screwing up your log files (FORM=LVSP|LIVSOP)
I'd been noticing some weird referrals for several months now. It's relatively easy for me spot bogus or odd referrals or changes in traffic patterns since I get pretty minimal traffic (this site is for fun, not profit or even self-promo.) Then WebmasterWorld and Search Engine Roundtable started reporting on the issue. So others were noticing the same strange referrals and were starting to discuss them. The discussion was started by WMW member confuscius. Several WMW members had tracked the user IP addresses to be within Microsoft's Redmond WA offices. In fact, the strange referrals contained a few unique characteristics:
* All used Search.Live.Com as the referrer
* All came from within Microsoft (IPs: 65.55.165.* and 131.107.0.*)
* All had super-general query terms (like "airline" and "nokia" and "cash") as the referring query term
* All had the url parameter of FORM=LVSP or, now, FORM=LIVSOP Here are a few samples referring URL I've seen here at this website:
http://search.live.com/result.aspx?q=cash&mrt=en-us&FORM=LVSP
http://search.live.com/result.aspx?q=payday+advance&mrt=en-us&FORM=LVSP
http://search.live.com/result.aspx?q=airline&mrt=en-us&FORM=LVSP
http://search.live.com/result.aspx?q=ultracet&mrt=en-us&FORM=LVSP
http://search.live.com/results.aspx?q=search&mrt=en-us&FORM=LIVSOP Obviously, nothing on this site would or should rank for such terms. I had originally assumed that these were spoofed IPs or HTTP_Referer attributes were faked. Someone must be doing some scraping and blaming it on MS? But now, after 11 years of trusting that my logs files were telling me the truth and providing the most accurate data about my visitors possible, Microsoft has taken it upon themselves to ruin that truth and to lie to me. And they admit it via WMW's msndude:
Thanks for all the feedback on this thread.
First, we appreciate the concerns and issues that have been raised and apologize for any incovenience this might have caused.
Second, we want to explain what this is all about. The traffic you are seeing is part of a quality check we run on selected pages. While we work on addressing your conerns, we would request that you do not actively block the IP addreses used by this quality check; blocking these IP addresses could prevent your site from being included in the Live Search index.
Please keep the feedback and thoughts coming as we will use this to help improve this process and make sure that it impacts your sites as little as possible. Log file data is something that I consider sacred and not to be messed with. I've been managing websites since 1996 and I often even read raw log files for fun! (LOL - I know.) This is absolutely the wrong way for MS/Live to gain supporters! We as marketing consultants will not be the only to notice this issue. Clients of web marketing consultants and employers will notice the same thing via their analytics tools and they'll ask us "what's up? Am I really ranking well for payday and cash?" Or worse, they could ask "should I go after that term via SEO or PPC?" We'll have to tell them NO... sorry, Microsoft is lying to you! Update: This issue has been occuring for months now. Microsoft has made no further efforts to alert the webmaster community as to what they are up to nor have they tried to use another (non-lying) method to interact with websites that they desire to spider. As such, I still consider their methods to be completely disrespectful and given that they are one of the "big 3" of advertisers I'm shocked that they can't figure our some means to review sites without using trickery and the worst of cloaking methods. by Tim Dineen Posted 09/10/2007 - 11:45 PM
On December 28, Sony officially stopped making the Playstation 2 in Japan. Which wasn't terribly cheery news for the end of the year. Oh, I know they'll still be kicking around, they sold millions of the buggers, but it still feels like the end of an era. Of the string of consoles that make up my own personal gaming genealogy, I still rate the PS2 as the best, sitting in a lovely sweet spot where the technology was powerful without deterring third party development. A lot of my favorite games were on it: Silent Hill 2, Shadow of the Colossus, Prince of Persia: Sands of Time... now all those memories will be lost. Like tears in a tear storage facility.
Last week in XP I made an impassioned request that we pack in the stupid console war system and the obsession with trying to reinvent controllers and interfaces with every generation, and part of that is in the interest of historical preservation. If Sony and Microsoft do massively disappoint me and bring out a new generation PlayStation and Xbox, what really haunts me is the thought that they'll completely bugger up the backwards compatibility, like they did last time, and that'll be another generation of games, classics and space-fillers alike, thrown to the furnace. Or left at the whimsical, cack-handed mercies of the "HD remake". You can't just keep doing that. The people who invented photography did not then immediately burn all the paintings. Art is nothing without the context of all the art that has come before it.
That's why I've called for the standardisation of gaming technology, and the company-specific console replaced with what is basically a living room friendly gaming PC with about five hundred USB ports in the front. Something that will run pretty much any software you jam in it even if it is twenty years old, or - if you're into the seriously prehistoric - is equally content to run a downloadable emulator developed by some third party who cares for a company's old catalogue even after the company itself doesn't.
I feel I need to clarify last week's position a bit, because some of the comments I noticed seemed to indicate that a few points were being missed. Some people started invoking the word "competition", how it's an important thing to have in an open market, and that a standardized model for consoles would be detrimental to it. That's a point that needs a bit of debating, I think, and personally I don't see the issue. No one complains about USB ports having no competition in the field of hardware connectors, or at least no-one who'd make for stimulating company.
But what people arguing for competition in games hardware don't seem to realise is that the current console situation isn't competitive in the ideal sense. It's not referred to as the "console competition", it's a "war". And I would love competition. It would suit me down to the ground if the companies would start treating it like a competition rather than a war. The difference being that, in a competition, if you start supporting a different side it's accepted that this is because the other side suits your needs better. Whereas, in a war, if you start supporting the other side, you get fucking murdered.
Australis is the new theme we've been working on for Firefox. It brings with it more customizability in a cleaner and fresher user interface. One part of this work is a new implementation of our tab shape. Over the last few weeks I worked with Frank Yan on the new tab shape for Australis (specific to Windows now). We feel that we're pretty close, although we want to see if we can draw the tabs using an approach that will lend itself better to platform integration.
Over the last few days I have handed over my work on the Australis tab shape implementation to Frank Yan. Frank will be leading up this effort now to get the Australis tab shape implemented and landed in mozilla-central.
I am now going to focus my efforts on our SocialAPI project. The first step of this work is to implement a recommend/share command. I have begun work on this now and I plan on posting more updates as they become available. You can follow along at Bugzilla bug #765874.
When “they” talk about self-love, they'll tell you about bathtubs by candlelight and special dates you take yourself on and sips of tea in front of rainy windowsills. They make love sound like a bizarre fever dream where everything is wonderful.
But love is not that fever dream.
And self-love is not won by moonlight through soft, measured breaths. It is a painful, destructive birth of new self. To love yourself you must first look squarely on with the things that have kept you from loving yourself. The things that have kept you from loving yourself are not soft blossoms of joy. They are not your favorite memories on replay. They are the worst of you, the worst you think of you, your worst perceptions, your most unloving thoughts, your self-loathing on display, the very valid reasons you couldn't love yourself easily and quietly like you thought love was supposed to be.
Self-love is a destruction and it might be that you don't like the person who lay underneath your protections and egos and false identities. And maybe on the other side of your own love is an anger, because now you see all that you've allowed to transpire that you did not deserve. You now know what you've allowed when you didn't know any better.
Because part of loving yourself knows what you deserve and the shadow part of loving yourself is seeing the evidence you've collected of just how unworthy you believed you were.
There is post-love and pre-love, yet even in the post-love you have to untangle everything the pre-love self said was okay. There's a fury, too, because you see your past with new eyes that don't love where you've come from. Your past is where the unworthy you have dwelled.
Because, before self-love becomes a liberation, it is first a burden. Well, there's the anger at who treated you poorly when you didn't know to ask for better treatment. The anger at yourself for what you've allowed. There's the grief for lost time. There's the strangling necessity to push people, things, ideas out, out, out because there's no room for them. There's the loneliness and isolation that accompanies the growth of self. There's the new boundary lines, the new range of the word no, the opening of eyes that would rather be shut, and the terrifying realization that love isn't synonymous with joy. It's synonymous with growth.
And growth isn't bliss. It never was. It was a lie that said love would be white-teethed smiles on beaches.
The pinnacle of self-love is not endless ecstasy.
It is a heartbreaking process of undoing the life your unloved self built, brick by unworthy brick.
Mr. Ruskey has grown coffee on their farm for more than a decade, but it is only over the last three or four years, as their coffee started winning high scores in taste tests, that other farmers have begun to try their hands at growing it. Still, Doug Welsh, roastmaster at Peet's, notes that the number of coffee bushes growing in California today is 30 times what it was 13 years ago when Mr. Ruskey started, or about 14,000 plants.
“We probably roast more coffee at Peet's in one day than is being produced on all the farms growing coffee here, but I'm looking at this as a cup half full,” Mr. Welsh said. “It's early days, but I think it could at least get to be as big as the Hawaiian coffee business.”
(There are roughly 800 coffee farms in the Hawaiian Islands producing as much as nine million pounds of unroasted beans a year; California produces only hundreds of pounds. Globally, 12 billion pounds of coffee are consumed each year.)
These growers aim to appeal to the premium coffee market. More than half the adult coffee drinkers in America reported drinking a specialty coffee daily, according to the National Coffee Association, or roughly twice as many as in 2010.
“People are shifting away from the way my grandparents drank coffee, which was at breakfast and made from whatever coffee was on sale — it was simply fuel,” said Peter Giuliano, chief research officer at the Specialty Coffee Association. “They're willing to pay for something unusual.”
A pound of dried green specialty coffee beans can sell for as much as $120 in today's market, according to Andy Mullins, a retired technology executive who has planted coffee on their property east of Santa Barbara. “You should be able to produce a pound for under $30, which is a superb profit margin,” Mr. Mullins said. “The only places that see better margins than that are software companies.”
Mr. Mullins is not a coffee drinker, but they caught the bug after visiting Mr. Ruskey's farm, which cascades down a mountainside some 650 feet above the Pacific Ocean. Dragon fruit trees and finger lime bushes are interspersed among cherimoya and avocado trees, and each fruit crop is enlisted to help others grow. The avocado trees are the workhorses, acting as trellises for passion fruit vines and providing shade for the coffee bushes.
The Oklahoma Corporation Commission is decreasing activities for 245 wells near recent earthquake sites.The operators within 5,281 square miles of Fairview and Medford were notified last Thursday that they needed to cut back on 500,000 barrels of waste-water injection.“We have taken a number of actions in the Medford, Fairview, and Cherokee areas,” OCC Oil and Gas Conservation Division director Tim Baker said. “However, there is agreement among researchers, including our partners at the Oklahoma Geological Survey, that the data clearly underscored the need for a larger, regional response. That is why, even as we took actions in various parts of the region in response to specific earthquake events, we were already working on a larger plan. ”The OCC plan cuts waste-water injection in the areas by about 40 percent. OCC said there will be four stages of volume cuts between now and April. OCC noted that researchers cautioned against sudden pressure changes in the area.“The wells covered in this plan include those along the western area of the plan's boundaries where there has not yet been major earthquake activity,” Baker said. “This plan is aimed not only at taking further action in response to past activity, but also to get out ahead of it and hopefully prevent new areas from being involved.”31967416
The Oklahoma Corporation Commission is decreasing activities for 245 wells near recent earthquake sites.
The operators within 5,281 square miles of Fairview and Medford were notified last Thursday that they needed to cut back on 500,000 barrels of waste-water injection.
Advertisement
“We have taken a number of actions in the Medford, Fairview, and Cherokee areas,” OCC Oil and Gas Conservation Division director Tim Baker said. “However, there is agreement among researchers, including our partners at the Oklahoma Geological Survey, that the data clearly underscored the need for a larger, regional response. That is why, even as we took actions in various parts of the region in response to specific earthquake events, we were already working on a larger plan. ”
The OCC plan cuts waste-water injection in the areas by about 40 percent.
OCC said there will be four stages of volume cuts between now and April. OCC noted that researchers cautioned against sudden pressure changes in the area.
“The wells covered in this plan include those along the western area of the plan's boundaries where there has not yet been major earthquake activity,” Baker said. “This plan is aimed not only at taking further action in response to past activity, but also to get out ahead of it and hopefully prevent new areas from being involved.”
AlertMe
NOTES AND NEWS FROM NIGHT TWO OF TNA'S IMPACT WRESTLING TAPINGS IN NYC
Again, no spoiler-related items here.
Thursday night's Impact Wrestling taping in New York City was one of the best tapings the company has had in years and in speaking to a number of people who work for the company after the show, it was being praised as one of the top three or five best TNA events in the company's history.
Scott Fishman, Senior vice president and executive producer of Spike was in attendance at the taping. There were some Spike employees at the taping yesterday, but Fishman is a top level exec with the cable network and has had a long standing relationship with TNA.
Company morale was extremely up after the taping. There was a feeling that the crew had accomplished something special and that it was a night where a lot of talents who had worked hard but hadn't been spotlighted as stars received a star reaction. I would say that was a fair assessment as there were names like The Wolves who received a homecoming welcome from the audience that made them look far more important than they had been coming off. TNA staff who had never really seen how loud and passionate the NYC fans could get were blown away.
The taping drew a legitimate 1,200 fans to the Manhattan Center's Grand Ballroom. The paid was a little less, although signs posted backstage noted that the show was sold out and there were no comp tickets available for guests.
A source with the venue (not TNA) stated that 150-200 fans who attempted to buy tickets at the door were turned away as letting them in would have put the venue beyond fire code capacity and there was no way that was going to be allowed.
The third and final TNA Impact Wrestling taping at the Manhattan Center tonight is already sold out in advance. TNA had sold that date out first (it was announced as the Hardy Boyz reunion initially) but released an additional 20 tickets yesterday. They were immediately bought up. It's possible there will be seats released but it won't be many and it won't be until the last minute.
TNA held tryouts before the fans were in the building for some local independent talents. The only name I've confirmed is female talent Kasey Ray.
Former WWE referee Kevin Keenan was at the show visiting.
Reby Sky, Matt Hardy's wife who has worked for Lucha Libre USA, currently hosts a Playboy TV series and is a NYC native, was also at the show.
TNA was selling signed and framed posters commemorating Matt and Jeff Hardy's reunion.
After tonight's taping, TNA is off on Saturday and then has a house show Sunday in Lakewood, NJ at the FirstEnergy Park with TNA champ Bobby Lashley vs. Eric Young, Bully Ray vs. EC3 with Rockstar Spud, Angelina Love & Velvet Sky vs. Gail Kim & Madison Rayne, TNA Tag Team champions The Wolves Eddie Edwards & Davey Richards vs. BroMans, Sanada vs. Manik vs. Tigre Uno plus Kurt Angle appearing.
TNA will be taping in the venue again 8/5-8/7. Don't be surprised to see TNA go back and tape TV at the Sands Bethlehem Events Center in PA either as the staff and performers really loved the atmosphere there as well.
If you enjoy PWInsider.com you can check out the AD-FREE PWInsider Elite section, which features exclusive audio updates, news, our critically acclaimed podcasts, interviews and more, right now for THREE DAYS free by clicking here!
Brendan Taylor has been granted permission to end their Nottinghamshire contract with immediate effect so they can return home to Zimbabwe for family reasons.
*Later on Thursday, Zimbabwe Cricket announced re-contracting Taylor, taking them a step closer to their international return for Zimbabwe - perhaps as soon as next month against West Indies - more than two years after ending their international career after the 2015 World Cup.
Since Taylor's retirement, Zimbabwe have relied heavily on Craig Ervine and Sean Williams for runs in the middle order and continue to struggle for a reliable top three. In limited-overs' formats, Taylor can fill that role and with the 2019 World Cup looming. and Zimbabwe due to play in qualifiers next year, Taylor's role in the team will be crucial and they are certain to be part of their plans.
Zimbabwe are also engaging with Kyle Jarvis to opt out of their deal with Lancashire, where they have been a vital component of their attack, and rejoin the national ranks.
Taylor's Notts contract was due to expire at the end of the season, but instead they are leaving two games early with Notts' promotion back to Division One still not assured.
Notts have led the second division all season but face tough away matches at Northants and Sussex with points still needed.
Taylor said: "Winning two trophies for Notts in these past few months, including one at Lord's, has been a real highlight in my career, and given me moments that I will never forget.
"But being away from my wife and children has proven to be very difficult for me and I have reached a point in my life where I must consider their needs." Nottinghamshire have already lost Michael Lumb to retirement in a season in which they have won both limited-overs trophies.
Taylor has played a key role in that white-ball double. They scored 351 runs in the T20 format, including a vital 65 against Birmingham Bears in a record Finals Day partnership of 132 with Samit Patel, who hit 64 not out.
They also struck Notts' fourth highest List A score of 154 in the Royal London quarter-final win at Somerset, contributing 376 runs in all in that competition.
Their time at Notts has not been without controversy. Two years ago, after celebrating Notts' Royal London Cup semi-final win against Durham rather too enthusaistically, police found them asleep in a business person's car close to Trent Bridge the following morning.
They ended their Zimbabwe career to join Notts for the start of the 2015 season and became the first batsman in the club's history to register centuries in both of their first two matches, against Loughborough University and Middlesex.
Director of cricket Mick Newell said: "We are obviously disappointed to lose Brendan given the significant impact they have had, but we also respect their wishes in relation to their family. We wish them every future success."
Last month's DART train shooting that left two men wounded was sparked a month earlier by a cigarette lighter, authorities say.
Patrick Klaypenh told police the dispute began after they got off a train early May 10 at the LBJ-Skillman Station and was approached by Curtis Langrum, who asked if they could borrow Klaypenh's lighter. Langrum and Klaypenh "then started to verbally argue about how (Langrum) disrespected (Klaypenh) about borrowing the lighter," according to an arrest warrant affidavit. DART Police have said the two are in rival gangs.
Still, the two walked away after the argument, police said.
But the next night, while Klaypenh was on a train talking to a woman, Langrum ran up to them and stabbed them in the neck and the top of the head before they ran away, according to an arrest warrant affidavit.
Klaypenh needed 15 sutures for both cuts and spent two days in the intensive care unit at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital, police said.
The two crossed paths again June 5 on a DART Red Line train that had just left 8th and Corinth Station.
Police say the two men saw each other and charged toward each other. Klaypenh had a gun, and Langrum had a knife, police said. Klaypenh shot Langrum and an innocent bystander. Both were hospitalized.
Klaypenh got away but was arrested three days later.
During an interview with a DART detective, Klaypenh said Langrum "had already tried to kill them once and that they aren't going to let (Langrum) try again."
Both Klaypenh and Langrum remain in Dallas County jail. The two are not being held in the same jail tower.
Langrum has been charged with aggravated assault with a deadly weapon and with making a terroristic threat. Their bail is set at $51,000.
Klaypenh is charged with two counts of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon and two counts of deadly conduct. Their bail is set at $116,000.
Both have criminal histories. Klaypenh has been arrested numerous times for criminal trespass. And Langrum was arrested for allegedly trespassing on DART property earlier this year.
In the grand tradition of films like Hardcore (Paul Schrader, 1979), Vice Squad (Gary Sherman, 1982) and Savage Streets (Danny Steinmann, 1984), John Frankenheimer's 1986 crime thriller 52 Pick-Up is grimy, glorious and great! It may make you want a shower after watching it, but it's worth it. You may never look at certain Los Angeles neighborhoods the same way again (especially the corner of Vine and Santa Monica). But that's not all bad. The fact is that 52 Pick-Up is a Cannon film expertly steered by the hand of filmmaking legend John Frankenheimer from a novel (and screenplay) penned by crime-fiction luminary Elmore Leonard. Any of these names alone would be enough to give a motion picture promise but all three together? It's a cinematic experience that will ignite the screen like a truckload of C4. I hope the New Beverly is ready for the fallout!
The media history of 52 Pick-Up began when Elmore Leonard published their novel in 1974. The guys at Cannon Films looked at the property and saw its potential. Menachem Golan and Yoram Globus looked at the basic elements of Leonard's Detroit, Michigan-based story: crime, extortion, revenge, and violence. This would be a perfect addition to their catalog! So in 1974, they optioned it but had Leonard change some key details. No longer a Midwestern tale, this story was to take place in Tel Aviv. They also changed the title from 52 Pick-Up to The Ambassador. During the New Beverly's J. Lee Thompson retrospective, my colleague Marc Edward Heuck did a skillful write-up of The Ambassador on the New Bev blog so instead of detailing that film more; I will simply guide you to their piece here.
Some years later, John Frankenheimer approached Cannon about directing the picture. They had read the novel and really gotten into it. If you know Cannon, double-dipping wasn't a problem, especially with a work that had been so drastically altered for the “original release.” The plan for this version was not to change it much at all. In fact, Elmore Leonard would even co-write the screenplay.
Due to weather and budget, they had to change the location from Detroit to Los Angeles, but in 1986 that only made this sleazy neo-noir infinitely grimier. Centering on the indelicate world of strip clubs, pornography, drugs and other fun vices, Hollywood had exactly what they needed. If it didn't provide on demand, the production could construct it and it would look absolutely natural to the environment – it was '80s Hollywood, after all. Case in point: the “Live Nude Girls” dirty picture studio that Harry Mitchell (Roy Scheider) frequents throughout the film. Today it is Meoded Paint store (next to the Yoshinoya on Santa Monica Blvd.). This location has never been a photo studio or anything obscene. The production company slapped up some signage and used the internal space (as you do) and *poof* smut central!
The filmmaking team in Los Angeles had far more access to the adult film world than they would have had in Philadelphia (where they originally started filming). If you watch some of the party scenes, you can see adult film stars Ron Jeremy, Sharon Mitchell and Amber Lynn living it up! It's pretty wild. Additionally, the now-defunct adult theater that Mitchell enters in order to interrogate Alan Naimy (John Glover), was once part of a thriving Western Ave adult media community. The sex shop across from the theater (visibly recognizable as “Stan's” when Mitchell enters the movie theater) still exists, a relic to older sleazier days. Take a 52 Pick-Up tour! There's a taco stand really near there. Have lunch and talk about how awesome Cannon and Elmore Leonard are!
52 Pick-Up's primary narrative focuses on infidelity, blackmail, and revenge. But plenty of stories that do that. What makes this one unique is that the invocation of vice, debauchery and obscenity become catalysts for a wild revenge story that is unexpected and oh-so-satisfying. Elmore Leonard is an exquisite writer and this story, both on and off screen, proves that point. Fact: Elmore Leonard did a great job of adapting Elmore Leonard. The novel, while quite different in certain respects, was faithfully put on screen. The very best dialogue from the pages of that novel walked right into the script. Leonard's interest was in portraying the protagonists and their “everyday”ness. This was successful as can be seen in the characters of Harry Mitchell (Roy Scheider) and their wife of many years, Barbara (Ann-Margret). Set against all of the other…uh, less savory folks we meet, they look fantastic! This is entirely intentional.
What couldn't have been intentional and something that Leonard had to roll with in the novel-to-script adaptation was the discussion of the home movie element and film formats. In Leonard's novel, the “blackmail reveal” scene is based on what would be either have been a 8mm or 16mm film projector. Most likely, it would have been 16mm. In 1974, those were the primary home entertainment systems and most people had them. Only a few pages into Leonard's novel, Harry Mitchell walks into their girlfriend's apartment (yes, spoiler alert, he's been cheating on their wife), and hears something from upstairs:
“He identified the sound as they opened the door and there it was, the movie projector going, lamp on, illuminating a hot white square across the room; the screen, set up, waiting. There was the sound and the shaft of light…Even with the stocking over their face the man's words were clear. They said quietly, ‘Take a seat, motherfucker. It's Home Movie Time.'” (Fifty-Two Pickup, Elmore Leonard, 1974)
This scene repeats itself in Frankenheimer's film, but on a wholly different level. Mitchell is commanded to sit down and watch a home movie. Same thing. Same images as described in the book. Same shoving around by hooligans with masks and guns. But it's not the same technology. Since it's the 1980s, projectors had since been put away in favor of the ultra fresh, rad and rockin' VCRs! All films and film tech in 1986's 52 Pick-Up is VHS-related and Elmore Leonard chose to exploit this moving image format change to make one of their characters even more dynamic, filthy and fun.
In Leonard's novel, the Alan Naimy character works at an adult movie theater and likes making porno films. But he's also got some other credits like a bit of business administration education, running illegal abortions, embezzlement and…lewd conduct with minors. He's a real charmer. Definitely a “take home to the folks” kinda guy. However, most of those things aren't revealed in the film. What is present is how much they looooooooves making dirty movies. Their somewhat over-close attachment to their video camera and obsessive need to film women fucking all the time reiterates their lack of class (at the very least).
With Alan, Elmore Leonard took their own complex literary character description and rendered it into a wholly different kind of fascinating character due to the voyeurism and obscenity relationships, let alone the translation of Alan's connections from film to digital formats. But Leonard doesn't make Alan a video guy completely: when Mitchell goes into Alan's porn theater job to confront him, not only is Alan projecting the film on 35mm (another format to add to the ones we have already seen or read about) but Alan does a reel changeover while the two men are arguing!
Alan is not only intimately tied to 35mm film and theatrically projected smut (working in the porno house) but he's highly dedicated to their own “artistic vision” on their VHS films. This can be seen most clearly in the scenes where Alan is forcing Mitchell to watch this work against their will. Alan, performing a perverse commentary meant to impress and intimidate Mitchell, is telling them all about the lighting they used in a certain shot and their camera angles while not allowing Mitch to look away. There is something amazing and unusual about the way in which Elmore Leonard updated their novel and explored the character of Alan Naimy, making them deeper and more reflective of a certain 1980s media explosion and (perhaps) terror.
It's pretty awesome that there is an examination of dirty movie making on VHS and a subtextual exploration/critique of media/media formats in a Cannon film that's up to its sprocket holes in tits and guns. And don't worry – as with every Golan/Globus production; there is that absolutely beautiful point where everything goes batshit insane!! Get ready to clap and cheer, y'all!
Elmore Leonard's source material may be one of the grittiest, grimiest and HFS crime novels I own, and the cinematic rendering of 52 Pick-Up follows suit. Vanity is (of course) a dream on screen, but for my money it's Clarence Williams III as Bobby Shy who steals every scene they are in. Add Ann-Margret (I really feel for them in this) and my main man Roy Scheider, and you have a winner. Don't miss this on the big screen. It's bigtime sleazy fun!
How to Make It
Step 1 In a small bowl, mix all of the ingredients.
Step 2 Season the ribs with salt and pepper and rub them all over with the spice rub. In a large enameled cast-iron casserole, heat 1 tablespoon of the oil until shimmering. Add half of the ribs and cook over moderately high heat until deeply browned on both sides, about 6 minutes total. Transfer to a large plate. Add 1 tablespoon of oil to the casserole and sear the remaining ribs.
Step 3 Pour off the fat from the casserole and wipe it out. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons of oil to the casserole and heat over moderate heat. Add the onions, garlic and ginger and cook until softened, about 7 minutes. Add the wine and boil over high heat until reduced by half, about 6 minutes. Add the soy sauce, brown sugar, bay leaf and the short ribs. Pour in just enough water to cover the ribs and bring to a boil. Cover and simmer over low heat, stirring occasionally, until the ribs are very tender, about 1 1/2 hours.
"People are opposed to [boat turnbacks], including Amnesty, and I respect that but I think this has just been an opportunity to launch an ideological attack and I think that's why it needs to be addressed because the government is not going to be bullied into changing our position," Mr Dutton said. Philip Ruddock says they would have dealt with the Amnesty International report in a different way. Credit:Andrew Quilty Asked directly whether Australian officials made the cash payments, Mr Dutton said: "I don't have any further comment to make in relation to that matter" but they added that "our staff operate within the law, within Australian law, we meet our international obligations in terms of treaties and other agreements that we operate under and the Australian Border Force staff are highly responsible". The report, titled By Hook or by Crook, claimed that Australian officials who paid people smugglers to return a boat of asylum seekers to Indonesia in May committed a transnational crime. Fairfax Media revealed in June that Indonesian police had found people smugglers had been paid more than $US30,000 by Australian officials to return a boat that was headed for New Zealand.
Following Mr Dutton's criticism, Mr Ruddock told Fairfax Media that "we all have different ways of expressing our views".<!--EndFragment--><!--[if gte mso 9]> <![endif]--><!--[if gte mso 9]> Normal 0 false false false EN-AU JA X-NONE <![endif]--><!--[if gte mso 9]> <![endif]--><!--[if gte mso 10]> <![endif]--><!--StartFragment--> Mr Ruddock wears their Amnesty International pin Credit:Viki Yemettas "I would have dealt with things perhaps a touch differently, I have a lot of time for Amnesty," they said. But Mr Ruddock also questioned the credibility of the people smugglers who claimed to have been bribed. "This is said to have happened by those who are alleged to have been bribed. I don't think that gives it any credibility. I would have let the matter rest," they said.
"<!--[if gte mso 9]> <![endif]--><!--[if gte mso 9]> Normal 0 false false false EN-AU JA X-NONE <![endif]--><!--[if gte mso 9]> <![endif]--><!--[if gte mso 10]> <![endif]--><!--StartFragment-->When there are criminal acts, and this is what is alleged, those who are alleged to have paid money are guilty of an offence but so are those who received it and I haven't seen any action against those who are alleged to have been bribed." I would have dealt with things perhaps a touch differently, I have a lot of time for Amnesty Amnesty International spokesperson Stephanie Cousins urged Mr Dutton to play the ball and not the man. "We have credible evidence that crimes have been committed, which warrant an independent investigation with full co-operation of the Australian government - not defensive bluster," Ms Cousins said. Labor MP Andrews Giles, a co-convenor of the Parliamentary Friends of Amnesty, said it was telling that Mr Dutton had not responded to any of the specific criticism in the report.
"<!--[if gte mso 9]> <![endif]--><!--[if gte mso 9]> Normal 0 false false false EN-AU JA X-NONE <![endif]--><!--[if gte mso 9]> <![endif]--><!--[if gte mso 10]> <![endif]--><!--StartFragment-->The minister's comments about respecting views don't seem to sit very well with their other comments about the report and their complaints about being bullied," they said. "What appears to be the case is that the minister does not respect scrutiny or criticism in any form, and is not prepared to debate the policy." Mr Dutton's attack on Amnesty is not the first time they have accused critics of engaging in ideological warfare. In September, they claimed Fairfax Media and the ABC were engaged in a jihad against the Abbott government, a claim from which fellow cabinet ministers quickly distanced themselves. Follow James Massola on Facebook
By Ray Boyd
PHILADELPHIA (CBS) — Seriously? How is something like this allowed to happen? Mets fans…you've gone too far this time.
Phanatic in a Mets uniform? What's up with that. pic.twitter.com/TkCwSZ7iQq — Richard Gerber (@RichardGerber4) May 26, 2015
If you don't like the Phillies, leave the mascot alone. The Phanatic has clearly established themselves as the best mascot in sports and these Mets fans seem to have no regard for their standing in the sports world.
The Mets and Phillies rivalry runs deep and surely there have been some tense interactions between the two franchises, but this was simply uncalled for.
Hopefully Phillies fans do not retaliate by dressing up Mr. Met in Phillies gear. But then again, why would we do that? We already have the game's best mascot.
We await a reasonable explanation for how this happened.
SEATTLE, WA— FC Tacoma (FCT 253) grabbed the 91st and final 2015 US Open Cup spot on Sunday at Memorial Stadium with a 6-1 victory over fellow NPSL side the San Diego Flash. (See TheCup.us match report here.)
Marcus Annable shot the match and provides most of the photos in this recap. See their entire match gallery on their Facebook page.
Pedro Millan gave FCT a 1-0 advantage just nine minutes in when they quickly turned on a ball and struck it home. Ten minutes later it was 2-0 after a FCT shot was deflected into the San Diego net. Reports are unclear but it might have been an own goal. Tacoma took a 2-0 lead into the locker room at halftime.
The second half was all FCT as they lost the shutout battle but rattled in four more goals of their own. Team Captain Matt Shaxton found Gareth Vaughn in the 47th minute to make it 3-0, and the match seemed safe for the purple. However, the visiting Flash answered back in the 54th when Segio Valle converted a penalty kick to make it 3-1.
The rest of the match was Tacoma's. Pedro Millan converted a penalty kick, and Matt Shaxton and Eli Gordley added goals to make for a 6-1 romp.
FC Tacoma have yet to play an NPSL league match, but they are in to the US Open Cup proper. Speculation is that they might be matched up regionally next against Bremerton's PDL Kitsap Pumas.
Advertisements
Holsworthy Barracks Army driver 'deliberately' aimed for potholes before fatal crash, court hears
Updated
A soldier badly injured in a fatal Army truck crash has told a Sydney court the driver was "deliberately" aiming for potholes and trying to get the vehicle to slide around bends at Holsworthy Army Barracks.
Alexander Gall, 26, is standing trial in the District Court accused of seven serious offences including dangerous driving causing death.
They were driving a six-tonne Army personnel vehicle known as a Unimog with 18 people on board back to base after a training exercise in October 2012 when it rolled, killing Sapper Jordan Penpraze and seriously injuring six other people including Sapper Dylan Williams.
Sapper Williams told the jury they could "feel" that Gall was aiming at potholes in the road and driving recklessly.
They said they also saw the vehicle's speedometer hit 80 kilometres per hour in an area limited to 40kph.
Sapper Williams said Gall was making the large truck "slide" around a corner.
"Gall was trying to deliberately get the vehicle to drift," they said.
"I could see him, they were excited, they were happy, then we went around the corner — we started fishtailing. They started to panic."
Under cross-examination they denied that their story had changed since being interviewed in the days after the accident and since giving a statement to a military tribunal.
Sapper Jarred Robinson was another of the 15 soldiers riding in the back of the Unimog driven by Gall, and they told the jury they felt they were going "way too fast".
"I know people were banging on the cabin of the truck, I'm pretty sure I heard them say 'slow down'. It was a general consensus we were going too fast," they said.
Sapper Robinson also denied changing the account they had given crash investigators.
Earlier, the commanding officer of the training exercise, Lieutenant Sean Mulligan told the jury Gall was not given a safety briefing about speed limits.
Under questioning from Gall's defence barrister, they also said they did not know Gall only held a civilian L-plate licence and that they had only 14 hours experience driving the Unimog vehicle.
The trial continues.
Topics: courts-and-trials, law-crime-and-justice, army, holsworthy-2173
First posted
Follow me on:
----------------------------------------------
Lineart, coloring, effects by: Me
----------------------------------------------
In the picture you can see the Birdcage in the background. (just so you know)!
IMPORTANT INFORMATION:
----------------------------------------------
Luffy by
Original Artwork by:
I hope you like it!!
Don't forget to
leave a comment
and
add it to your favorites
, if you like this picture!
------------------Important------------------
!DON'T USE OR DISTRIBUTE THIS PICTURE WITHOUT MY PERMISSION!
-----------------------------------------------
Here we go with my second One Piece coloring! and again, it is Luffy in their Gear Fourth mode! (I really wanted to color a close up of him!)I'm doing livestreams again BUT I changed the streaming website. Here is the new one! I will probably stream in a few days so make sure to follow me there to get a notification!ohh and I'm going to post a voting of my nextcoloring soon! Be sure to keep your eyes open for that as well
Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker gestures as they speak at the Freedom Summit on May 9 in Greenville, S.C. Several hundred Republican activists are gathered to hear from almost a dozen declared and potential presidential candidates including Walker. (Rainier Ehrhardt/AP)
What is the Wisconsin Legislature trying to do to public education in Republican Gov. Scott Walker's state?
State Superintendent Tony Evers has gone on record accusing lawmakers of moving toward new legislation “that erodes the basic foundation of Wisconsin's public school system.” How? By legislature efforts that include refusing to spend more money on public education while giving millions of dollars more to expand a private voucher program, slashing higher education funding, and weakening licensing rules for teachers.
Evers said in a statement:
“Wisconsin is nationally renowned for its quality public schools. We are a leader among the states in graduation rates, Advanced Placement participation, and ACT scores because of our highly trained educators and the support of families and local communities. The citizens of Wisconsin — measured by budget hearings, local advocacy, and recent polls — voiced their overwhelming support for our public schools and increasing funding in this budget. “I am troubled that the Joint Finance Committee spent its time and effort designing a plan that erodes the basic foundation of Wisconsin's public school system. If we want all students to achieve, we cannot continue to ask our public schools to do more with less. The eventual outcome of that exercise will be two systems of public schools: those in local communities that can afford to provide a quality education through referendum and those that cannot.”
Education proposals by the Joint Committee on Finance largely reflect the broad agenda set by Walker, who is considered a leading candidate for the Republican presidential nomination in 2016. Lawmakers have expanded on some of the more general language in their budget proposal (such as by spelling out how teacher licensure should be changed) and added a few things of their own.
Walker, in fact, had proposed a $127 million cut in K-12 funding and lawmakers restored the cut in their proposal — though they are not giving more money to public school districts for the first time in more than 20 years next year while at the same time spending millions more to expand a school voucher program that uses public money to fund private education. The plan includes a voucher program for special-needs students, which critics say would reduce resources that public schools have for special-needs students.
It is worth noting that for the current school year, 75 percent of the applications to the voucher program were already in private school, according to the education department, and for the 2015-16 school year, 79.9 percent. Doesn't that sound like a subsidy for the private school population?
There's more: Lawmakers are pushing for budget cuts in the University of Wisconsin higher education system — possibly $150 million for each of the next two years. That makes Wisconsin one of only six states that have approved or are considering reducing higher education funding for the next fiscal year, according to the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel. The paper notes that Wisconsin now spends less on higher education than all of its neighbors: Iowa, Illinois, Minnesota, Indiana, Ohio and Michigan.
[Wisconsin Gov. Walker sued for withholding public documents on secret bid to change university's mission]
What is on the education agenda of the Joint Committee on Finance of the state legislature? From the Department of Public Instruction:
•For the first time ever, there is no increase in state imposed revenue limits over the next two school years, while voucher and independent charter school payments are increased in each year.
•State general equalization aid to public schools is cut in the first year to pay for voucher expansion and increased independent charter school payments. This leaves public schools with less state general aid than in 2010.
•Continues the freeze on state special education aid for what will be the eighth consecutive year, covering roughly a quarter of district special education costs while creating a new voucher program that drains funds from public schools.
•Essentially eliminates teacher licensing standards by allowing public and private schools to hire anyone to teach, even those without a bachelor's degree, planting Wisconsin at the bottom nationally, below states with the lowest student achievement levels.
•Imposes a new state test on today's 10th-graders in all public schools and private school students receiving vouchers that they must pass to graduate in two years.
Here's part of a May 27 news release from the department on proposed changes to they way teachers are licensed:
Major changes to teacher licensing voted into the 2015-17 state budget, without a hearing, puts Wisconsin on a path toward the bottom, compared to the nation, for standards required of those who teach at the middle and high school level. Adopted as a K-12 omnibus motion by the Joint Committee on Finance (JFC), the education package deregulates licensing standards for middle and high school teachers across the state. The legislation being rolled into the biennial budget would require the Department of Public Instruction to license anyone with a bachelor's degree in any subject to teach English, social studies, mathematics, and science. The only requirement is that a public school or school district or a private choice school determines that the individual is proficient and has relevant experience in each subject they teach. Traditional licensure requires educators in middle and high school to have a bachelor's degree and a major or minor in the subject they teach, plus completion of intensive training on skills required to be a teacher, and successful passage of skills and subject content assessments.
That's not all. The proposal would require the education department to issue a teaching permit to people who have not — repeat have not — earned a bachelor's degree, or potentially a high school diploma, to teach in any subject area, excluding the core subjects of mathematics, English, science, and social studies. “The only requirement would be that the public school or district or private voucher school determines that the individual is proficient and has relevant experience in the subject they intend to teach. And, the department would not be permitted to add requirements.
Evers is quoted as saying:
“We are sliding toward the bottom in standards for those who teach our students. It doesn't make sense. We have spent years developing licensing standards to improve the quality of the teacher in the classroom, which is the most important school-based factor in improving student achievement. Now we're throwing out those standards.”
Meanwhile, Walker hasn't said anything publicly that would make anyone think they don't agree with the education path on which the legislature has embarked.
Walker was recently sued by a nonprofit watchdog group alleging that they are refusing to make public documents relating to an effort by their office to change the mission of the University of Wisconsin that is embedded in state law. Earlier this year, Walker submitted a budget proposal that included language that would have changed the century-old mission of the University of Wisconsin system — known as the “Wisconsin Idea” and embedded in the state code — by removing words that commanded the university to “search for truth” and “improve the human condition” and replacing them with “meet the state's workforce needs.”
If the language had become law, it would have created a fundamental change in the University of Wisconsin. The traditional mission is to broadly educate students to be active, productive citizens in the U.S. democracy, while Walker's language would have turned the school into more of a training ground for workers to populate the American work force. Walker failed to mention the suggested change in a speech they gave about the budget, but after it was discovered by the nonprofit Madison- -based Center for Media and Democracy, the governor withdrew the language and said it was a “drafting error.” The center tried to get documents related to the episode under the Freedom of Information Act and sued when Walker's administration refused to release some of them, claiming they are protected by “deliberative process privilege.”
(Correction: The Center for Media and Democracy is based in Madison, not Washington, as an earlier version said. And fixing wording in second graf.)
SOMERVILLE, MASS. (WHDH) - Somerville Police charged a 32-year-old man with secretly recording at the least a dozen women.
Teddy Browar-Jarus, 32, of Cambridge, was arraigned in Middlesex Superior court on 26 charges of secretly recording an unsuspecting nude person.
According to police, they did it for years until they were caught.
“When I came home in the evening the detectives were upstairs in the apartment, searching the apartment, gathering evidence,” said Jo Trigilio, a former neighbor of the suspect.
Two of the suspected neighbors said they watched as the suspect went to the police station after their female roommates accused them of hiding a camera in their bedroom.
They had hidden a camera in one of the roommate's bookcases. They heard an alarm go off in the morning and found the camera,” said Jessica Nelson, a former neighbor of the suspect.
The Middlesex County District Attorney said police searched and found multiple recording devices including a camera hidden in a bathroom hook.
The DA said a forensic search of their laptop unveiled dozens of videos of naked women, some in the bathroom and other engaged in sexual activity.
“Everybody felt violated,” said Trigilio.
The investigation revealed 13 female victims, from two separate apartments, some roommates and others were houseguests.
The videos went as far back as 2011.
The people living in the Somerville duplex said they immediately kicked the suspect out.
Brower-Jarus was released on their own personal recognizance and is ordered to have no contact with the victims or witnesses or to publicly identify any of the victims. He's scheduled to return to court on Oct. 7.
(Copyright (c) 2019 Sunbeam Television. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.)
The axe fell at CityTV today. Sources tell us that on-air personalities Anne Mroczkowski and Lara DiBattista are gone as well as a number of writers, producers, editors and camera people. 35 full time staff in total. Multiple shows have been canceled.
The list we have so far includes:
Anne Mroczowski
Laura Di Battista
Pam Seatle
Marian Dimain
Merella Fernandez
Farah Nasser
Michael Serapio
2 graphics
4 producers
2 assignment producers
7 camerae
6 editors
1 cg
We'll have more details here as we get them.
UPDATE 1
Lots of Twitter action on this one.
Follow the conversation here. The best tweet has to go to the CTV PR department (see screenshot of retweet below) who I guess had second thoughts and subsequently deleted the tweet from their Twitter feed.
UPDATE 2
Also, the noon and 5pm news shows are gone as is some weekend news and City News International.
UPDATE 3
CP24 just announced they have expanded their local news coverage
Photo by citynews.ca on Flickr
Jason Hanson chose to retire after passing on the Lions' 2013 contract offer. (Mark Cunningham/Getty Images) Jason Hanson chose to retire after passing on the Lions' 2013 contract offer. (Mark Cunningham/Getty Images)
The NFL's longest-tenured player, Lions kicker Jason Hanson, retired Thursday after 21 seasons.
Hanson, 42, holds NFL records for games played with one team (327) and 50-yard field goals (52) and is third in league history with 2,150 points and 495 field goals.
He's been the Lions' kicker since drafted with a second-round pick in 1992. They preferred to play one more NFL season, but opted to retire after the Lions made them a one-time offer of around $1 million.
Lions president Tom Lewand last week offered no guarantee that the team could fit Hanson under its salary cap. “It's not a system that provides for a lot of allowance for sentimentality,” Lewand said via the Detroit Free Press. “We have the utmost respect for Jason and want to have them back, but it's a situation where everything has to fit. The salary cap is a real restraint for all 32 clubs and we have to operate within that and within our plans. So we've had our discussions with Jason and like I said we have the utmost respect for them personally and professionally which is why we want to have them back.”
Hanson made a good showing in 2012, making 32 of 36 kicks. Three of their four misses hit an upright.
Right now I'm on a train headed to Toronto, and I will be on another train coming back, late tomorrow evening. I'll be participating in a photoshoot at Ryerson University as part of a research project on men's fashion. The focus of the study is men of my generation who are using fashion to express themselves, and changing what “masculinity” means in the process. I am expressing myself right now, with my fashion. It feels awesome, empowering, and graceful to wear this skirt.
I didn't always wear skirts. I don't always wear skirts. The vast majority of this year, my legs have been surrounded by inflexible tubes of fabric ready to tear in the crotch at the first full squat. This is how I got started wearing them, stopped, and started again.
At the beginning of 2015, I was not myself. I was “Travis”, yes. But I had little inkling of a soul, and no idea that I could be hiding feelings from myself. I ought to know what I'm feeling, right? Ours is an unfortunate society where many people cannot identify this feelingless feeling.
It began to change gradually when I was exposed to people who had the spiritual bent. They helped me look inside. I began experiencing myself on levels unknown for perhaps my early childhood. I realised eventually I needed to end the relationship which I paradoxically kept to dull my emotions. In June, it happened. I had shed the final vestiges of my heart's steel armour – and I was ready to experiment.
Two weeks after this break-up, I left for Toronto, where I would stay for 3 weeks. I was performing in a rock opera aptly called “Johnny Legdick, A Rock Opera.” I played a pantsless half-horse named Steve the Steed. We had done the show three times before, in increasingly awesome venues in Montreal, and were ready to hit the Toronto Fringe. I took a Megabus with two of my colleagues.
Not one hour over the Quebec/Ontario border, the bus crashed. It clipped a truck and careened into the ditch where it was “gently” slowed to a stop by the treeline. I came out of it with little but whiplash and some traumatic images.
I view this event symbolically. The old, self-repressed, scared-of-his-emotions Travis was the only casualty of that event. I emerged, both stronger and more sensitive.
When we finally arrived in Toronto the next day, we had to find new clothes. Our luggage was being kept by police for two weeks. So, I set out to build a whole new wardrobe. I have recently become conscious of where I buy my clothes. I refuse to support companies that outsource production to sweat shops. So, we went to Value Village, and other vintage shops. (I also bought a pair of brown jeans hand-made in California, at the opposite end of that spectrum.) And I was determined my new wardrobe would include skirts.
I had always admired the wearing of skirts. “It must feel so free!” I would think, and every Scotsman would reply, “Well, duh!” I wanted to be graceful and elegant. I didn't want to always be “the man”. I had been determined to find ankle-length flowy skirts. My legs being absurdly long, I settled for a calf-length flowy red skirt, and a knee-length green, um, pencil skirt? I don't know, it's just a tube with an elastic waistband.
Wearing them in Toronto felt awesome. I was exhibiting this new me. Everyone in the cast of Legdick (and in the bizarro world of the Fringe community) was super supportive. I did get some looks but that was part of the fun. I was spotted by a researcher for Ryerson wearing one, and got recruited for this photoshoot. I felt super vindicated.
When I returned to Montreal, I showed my new wardrobe to some specific, influential females in my life. I was incensed when they had constructive criticism. No such criticism existed in Toronto! I became aware that I didn't know how to wear a skirt. I didn't have the right shirts, or shoes. I started getting self-conscious. I bought a third skirt because it looked perfect (the one I'm wearing now! Brown and black skirt that buttons down the whole way). I wore it once outside, and after that, I stopped wearing skirts for months. Until today, in fact.
I felt so anxious walking down the street in that thing. I was afraid everyone was judging me. Either my outfit was dumb, or just the fact that it's a guy wearing a skirt… I couldn't relax. And what was worse, I was trying the whole time not to be anxious. I think we all know what that feels like. I suddenly developed this icky feeling for this skirt and by extension all skirts, and hey it was getting to be Fall anyway, so I might as well just retire them for the year.
But fall means fall fashion! I took a trip to value village and added some key items to my wardrobe. Nicer shirts, some boss ties, and at Eva B I bought a couple of chic vests. I started making snazzypants outfits and dressing in a hodge-podge three-piece suit on any old occasion. “Why are you so dressed up?” people would ask. That's just who I am now. A guy who dresses nice for no reason, just for fun. Because it makes me feel good.
I know what you're thinking. This wouldn't be The True Life Story of a Pioneer without a little Maxwell Maltz, right? =)
Earlier this week, I read a chapter of Psycho-Cybernetics entitled “That Winning Feeling.” Before we continue, I want you to do a little exercise for me. When you finish reading this paragraph, close your eyes and imagine a moment in your life where you felt awesome. You were challenged, and you overcame that challenge, and you felt worthy.
Got it?
If it doesn't come easily, try again. Go into vivid details. What were you wearing? What sort of sounds did you hear? Was anyone else there? And get in touch with that “That Winning Feeling.”
I can't explain it any better than this, really. It's just that feeling you get when things are going awesome – specifically, in a crisis situation. Crisis situation, here, refers to any situation where there's a risk of failure and a reward for success. Public speaking, a darts competition, any video game, telling someone you love them…. In such situations, you have two paths: get anxious and freak out and probably fail, or stay cool, feel awesome, and probably win. Even if you don't win, at least you failed and felt cool and awesome. If you could harness that feeling, call upon it at will, wouldn't life be smoother?
Let's say you're a ten year old girl playing the violin. You are about to play your first recital. There are going to be like fifty people there! It's easy to play on your own; if you screw up in your room no one cares. But now everyone will hear every mistake. The stakes are high!
Of course, the fear is unfounded. You are just as capable of playing on a stage in front of an audience as in your room. But distractions – like people watching – makes it harder to concentrate, and thus to get “That Winning Feeling”.
Our body-machines function by reacting to external impulses. The first time we experience a new impulse, we form new neural pathways which dictate how we deal with the situation. This is how muscle memory works. The mind thinks, “It's time to play Frère Jacques,” and the body knows what to do because it's played the piece a hundred times. The pathways are there, it's pretty much a highway at this point, so it goes for it. No need for thoughts. Thoughts get in the way. But when you add a new impulse, the audience, suddenly it's a whole new experience.
Meditation is focusing absolutely on one thing, material or abstract, without thinking. Just comprehending it on a spiritual level. Thoughts will always pop up, of course. It is the mistake of newbie meditators to believe we should be able to immediately dive into a trance and change our life in half an hour of sitting and closing our eyes. We must, over and over, develop the reflex to let the thoughts pass through, without provoking new thoughts. It is difficult and requires daily practice for many years.
I have a hunch that “That Winning Feeling” is the term Maxwell Maltz used to describe “Flow,” which Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi describes in more detail. Tl;dr: “Flow” is when you're so involved in an activity you lose sense of time, identity, disconnect from reality, you're just IN IT. In the ZONE. You know what I mean.
Meditation is the purest and most difficult flow activity. The aim in meditation is to achieve flow when there is no activity. Other activities, where you're actually doing something, can induce a flow state much more easily. But the same principle of dismissing thoughts applies.
If you, as the 10 year old violinist, had already meditated every day since they were 5, it might not be so tough. They would be able to recognise the invasive thoughts (doubts) as what they are and dismiss them, and just give a great performance without fear. This is unlikely, however. Most of us are not gurus. There is, thankfully, a faster way to overcome the pressures that a crisis situation can impose.
We can acclimatise our bodies to stressful situations, much like diving. The key is gradualness. If you dive too deep too quick, your lungs will implode. Before performing for fifty people, do a private performance for your sister. She's already seen the worst in you, so no harm in screwing up. Then add your parents. Then a couple of friends. Already, just by practicing in a low-stress, zero-risk, setting, the idea of performing in front of people is less daunting. You begin to open to the idea that it's not the end of the world if you make a little mistake. But it's still not fifty people, I mean come on.
The next step is to visualise. Recall once more that pleasant memory from before. That is an image – in the “imagination” sense of the word. It's a “slice” of imagination. The great thing about being human is we can create our own “slice” that have never existed. Use the same technique of remembering to “remember” an upcoming crisis event. Look at yourself from the outside performing admirably, with poise, undisturbed – even unaware – of onlookers. Go into the same detail as in the memory. Conjure up that feeling once again. You are actively creating pathways in preparation for the real thing. The brain can't tell between a real experience and a vividly imagined one. So it is possible, and desirable, to trick the brain into knowing that we've already done this before and it's easy and feels awesome.
My “lungs imploded” when I went down the street in that skirt. I put too much importance on it. I chalked it down as a failed experiment and dropped the whole project. My mistake was jumping into the “fashionable person” identity with skirts before developing actual fashion sense. So I acclimatised myself by being comfortable standing out – looking dapper often and publicly. Now I better equipped, both with fashion and self-awareness.
I spent five minutes this morning picturing myself walking down the street, waiting for the bus, sitting on the train, in my skirt, and feeling awesome. People looked and I knew they were looking. I even imagined myself forgetting about what I was wearing. They're just clothes. I'm not constantly thinking about the pants I wear.
I have felt awesome about wearing this skirt all day. And tomorrow, I will feel awesome in front of the camera. And I won't focus on my clothes, but on my action – for photography is not about what the photo looks like, but what is happening in it.
Don't be afraid to put yourself in a “crisis situation.” Prepare yourself, and there is nothing you can't do.
Thanks for reading. You're the best. =]
-T
Advertisements
In the first of a series, Sandy reviews our food experiences. We start with Asia.
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
May 22, 2012
One of the great pleasures of traveling is the food. During our time in Asia we have eaten a variety of food in the countries we have visited. Some of it was very different. While there have been times during the past two months that things did not agree with us, we have stayed relatively healthy. Here is a country by country summary of our food experiences to date:
Singapore
This city-state is known for its diversity and the food reflects that. We ate regional food in Little India, Arab Street and Chinatown. Our favorite food experience was the night time satay market. Here in a parking lot underneath a sea of 50 + story buildings, a series of satay stalls are set up each night. As you walk into the area vendors from each stall call out to try to get your business. There are about 15 stalls, all numbered, but with some type of adjective in front to differentiate one place from another. For instance, we passed by Great Satay #1, Best Satay #3, World's Best Satay #6.
We sat down on plastic chairs with a plastic table and ordered 20 combination (chicken and beef) satay pieces. It was so crowded that we had to wait about 30 minutes for our food. When it came it was accompanied by peanut sauce and was really good!
Malaysia
Malaysia has both Chinese and Indian roots and the food is a reflection of this. The curries were especially intense and good, although it took some getting used to at breakfast. At our hotel we requested local breakfast and had a feast each morning. One day we had Hong Kong noodles, pancakes mixed with eggs and curry sauce, spring rolls and fresh papaya. The coffee was very dark and strong.
We went to the night market in Penang to eat dinner. Here, we tried to follow our rules for street food: the food on the plate needs to be recognizable to us, it needs to be cooked to order and the establishment needs to be crowded. We actually only found one place out of the scores of stalls that met that criteria, but the fried rice was so good that we actually ordered a second plate!
Thailand
Thai food is popular in other countries and is one of our favorite cuisines. It is similar to what you might eat at home but the Pad Thai is not as sweet. We also had several green curries that were amazing. Even on the overnight train in Southern Thailand we enjoyed a great meal for about $7 per person. In Chiang Mai we ate at the night market and had our favorite dessert, mango with sticky rice. When we ordered it, the mango was sliced right before our eyes and placed on top of rice mixed with sweetened coconut milk. It was so good that we went back the next night and had it again! At 40 Thai Baht (about $1.30) it was also a great bargain.
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
Laos
We had a variety of food experiences in this country. The Lao dishes are unique and we enjoyed trying them. One national dish is called laap. It is a spicy mixture of marinated meat with a variety of herbs, greens, and spices. We tried laap several times and tasted lemon grass, cilantro and mint mixed in with the meat. Another staple here is sticky rice. It is a type of rice cooked by soaking it for several hours and then steaming it in a small bamboo pot, which is then brought to your table. The result is a sticky rice that actually stays together. It is eaten with your hands as a complement to the other items in the meal. Sandy liked it and ordered it where ever we ate. Darren preferred steamed rice and ordered that as an option.
Water buffalo meat is also popular. Darren ate a stew one night with this meat. It was chewy but good. We also had fried buffalo skin as part of a lunch we ate in the Phongsali trekking office. In the Phinoi village we were served a dinner consisting of eggs, noodles, sticky rice, fowl (we were told “not chicken” but “bird”) and fish.
Probably the strangest thing we ate in Laos was fried river weed. It was stiff to the touch and actually tasted like a potato chip if you could get past the looks of it. Tea consisted of a handful of leaves placed in a glass and hot water poured over them. When ordering coffee you had to be careful because if you didn't specifically ask for black coffee, the drink you received had a layer of condensed milk on the bottom and the coffee poured on top of that.
Laos is where we had food challenges for a different reason. As we moved north and away from tourist areas, we actually had trouble finding food. Most people are farmers and eat what they grow. There were some restaurants but they were only open during the day. The markets featured items that were not fresh, such as canned meats or noodles, so there were no fruits and vegetables, no milk or yogurt or cheese.
For several nights we ate cup of noodles for dinner, using the hot water thermos provided by our hotel until it blew up when the shut off mechanism malfunctioned. We kept a steady supply of other snacks that we could find. However, these were generally crackers, cookies, or potato chips from the market. As we were less than 50 miles from the border, many items came directly from China. We didn't starve, but it wasn't the best food to eat day after day.
For Sandy, the hardest meal was breakfast. Generally whatever restaurants we could find featured noodle soup or fired rice. They couldn't bring themselves to eat hot noodle soup for breakfast so ate fried rice. Darren, on the other hand, grew to like the noodles for breakfast. “Sticks to your ribs”, they said.
Our adventure with food in Asia has been great so far and we are looking forward to the trying dishes in Nepal and Central Asia. We will be sure to pass on our pictures and impressions.
This is a rush transcript. Copy may not be in its final form.
AMY GOODMAN: Now, we haven't really talked about Jeb Bush. They had less time in this debate than any other candidate. That might go to how much time they were actually given and how much time they took, as well. The reports are their campaign manager, Danny Diaz, was slamming on the CNBC door, demanding that they be given more time, as the debate was going on. The debate did see a heated moment between the third- and fourth-place contenders, Marco Rubio and their mentor, Jeb Bush, the former governor of Florida. The two sparred over criticism that Senator Rubio is more focused on the presidential race than doing their current job as elected senator from Florida.
CARL QUINTANILLA: So when the Sun Sentinel says Rubio should resign, not rip us off, when they say Floridians sent you to Washington to do a job, when they say you act like you hate your job, do you?
SEN. MARCO RUBIO: Yeah, let me say, I read that editorial today with a great amusement. It's actually evidence of the bias that exists in the American media today.
CARL QUINTANILLA: Well, but do you hate your job?
SEN. MARCO RUBIO: Let me—let me answer your question on the Sun Sentinel editorial today. Back in 2004, one of my predecessors to the Senate by the name of Bob Graham, a Democrat, ran for president, missing over 30 percent of their votes. I don't recall them calling for their resignation.
CARL QUINTANILLA: Is that the standard?
SEN. MARCO RUBIO: Later that year, in 2004, John Kerry ran for president, missing close to 60 to 70 percent of their votes. I don't recall the Sun—in fact, the Sun Sentinel endorsed him. In 2008, Barack Obama missed 60 or 70 percent of their votes, and the same newspaper endorsed them again. So this is another example of the double standard that exists in this country between the mainstream media and the conservative movement.
CARL QUINTANILLA: Senator, thank you. John?
JEB BUSH: Could I—could I—could I bring something up here? Because I'm a constituent of the senator, and I helped him, and I expected that they would do constituent service, which means that they show up to work. They got endorsed by the Sun Sentinel, because they were the most talented guy in the field. He's a gifted politician. But, Marco, when you signed up for this, this was a six-year term, and you should be showing up to work. I mean, literally, the Senate—what is it, like a French work week? You get like three days where you have to show up? You can campaign—or just resign and let someone else take the job. There are a lot of people living paycheck to paycheck in Florida, as well, that are looking for a senator that will fight for them each and every day.
SEN. MARCO RUBIO: I get to respond, right?
BECKY QUICK: Thirty seconds.
CARL QUINTANILLA: Thirty seconds.
SEN. MARCO RUBIO: All right. Well, it's interesting. Over the last few weeks, I've listened to Jeb, as you've walked around the country and said that you're modeling your campaign after John McCain, that you're going to launch a furious comeback the way they did, by fighting hard in New Hampshire and places like that—
JEB BUSH: I will.
SEN. MARCO RUBIO: —carrying your own bag at the airport. You know how many votes John McCain missed when they were carrying out that furious comeback that you're now modeling under?
JEB BUSH: They aren't my senator.
SEN. MARCO RUBIO: No, Jeb, I don't remember—well, let me tell you. I don't remember you ever complaining about John McCain's vote record. The only reason why you're doing it now is because we're running for the same position, and someone has convinced you that attacking me is going to help you.
JEB BUSH: Well, I've been—
SEN. MARCO RUBIO: Here's the bottom line. I'm not—my campaign is going to be about the future of America. It's not going to be about attacking anyone else on this stage. I will continue to have tremendous admiration and respect for Governor Bush. I'm not running against Governor Bush, I'm not running against anyone on this stage. I'm running for president because there is no way we can elect Hillary Clinton to continue the policies of Barack Obama.
AMY GOODMAN: That's presidential candidate Marco Rubio, Florida senator, and speaking to their mentor—I mean, they were really the protégé of Jeb Bush. Now questions are being raised: Is Jeb Bush going to drop out? Carl Quintanilla was the one who asked the question, of CNBC. John Nichols, can you talk about what's going on here?
JOHN NICHOLS: Well, Jeb Bush came into this debate in a very, very stark position. They had cut their staff pay. They had altered their campaign schedule to go to early states. Essentially, those are the steps you take right before you make that difficult announcement that someone like a Scott Walker has already made, saying that you're going to suspend your campaign. What Bush needed in this debate was to deliver a stellar performance, to be ahead of the curve at every turn, to jump into questions, and certainly to own those exchanges, like the one you just saw. In fact, they did not do it. You know, they had a quote the other day where they said that they have better things to do; if it doesn't work out as a presidential candidate, he's got other stuff to do. In many senses, it looked like they had already made that choice.
That exchange with Rubio should not have gone to Rubio. Rubio was spouting, you know, just canned lines, clearly rehearsed. And the fact of the matter is that after Rubio came back at Bush there, Bush should have come back at them and said, “Look, you were asked a tough question about your attendance, about serving the people. You answered by attacking the media and now by attacking me.” And, you know, the fact of the matter is, Rubio did that throughout the debate. They faced tough questions on their finances, personal finances. They faced tough questions on absenteeism. Again and again, Rubio avoided the questions with canned applause lines. Bush should have called them out.
The challenge for Bush in this debate, though, is a much deeper one. And that is that a number of candidates came into this debate looking to finish Jeb Bush off. That was clearly true of Governor Kasich. That was clearly true of Marco Rubio. I would suggest it was also true of Ted Cruz. And the fact of the matter is, the combination of hits on Jeb Bush, their inept responses to them, made this an absolutely disastrous debate for him. I think they are going to have a very hard time going on.
AMY GOODMAN: Could this also be, overall, not just the debate last night, a referendum on their brother, George W. Bush?
JOHN NICHOLS: Well, and that's where Donald Trump comes in. You know, I think we're all talking about Carson today, and I think that's very appropriate. I've enjoyed and respected the analysis. But I would be cautious about ruling Trump out. Trump has been in a couple situations where it looked like they might be losing their momentum, and they turned their fire on another candidate. They clearly did that on Scott Walker, and it was devastating. In the last few weeks, Trump has not been focused on Ben Carson. They have been very focused on Jeb Bush, on finishing Bush off, because Bush is the—still the relatively well-funded establishment candidate. And a big part of that assault has involved George W. Bush. It has been an assault specifically on George W. Bush's handling of 9/11, their handling of the Iraq War, a host of issues, which historically the left tended to say, “Hey, why aren't these issues coming up? Why aren't we talking about Bush's mistakes, Bush's missteps?” Well, in fact, Donald Trump did it. And I agree with, I think, the suggestion of your question, Amy. I think that Donald Trump has very possibly finished off Jeb Bush by, you know, wrapping George W. Bush around him.
AMY GOODMAN: We're going to break and then come back to this discussion. Our guests are John Nichols of The Nation; Jamil Smith of The New Republic; David Cay Johnston, investigative reporter; and Imani Gandy, RH Reality Check. Stay with us.
Eight ‘potent and highly versatile' P-8A Poseidon planes to be delivered between 2017 and 2021, replacing AP-3C Orions
Tony Abbott has confirmed Australia's $4bn purchase of eight new military aircraft, saying the defence of the nation was a government's most important priority.
The prime minister announced on Friday that their government had approved the acquisition of eight P-8A Poseidon maritime surveillance aircraft, to be delivered between 2017 and 2021. They will replace the air force's AP-3C Orions.
Abbott said the government had also approved an option for a further four aircraft subject to the pending defence white paper review.
The “potent and highly versatile aircraft” would patrol Australia's maritime approaches and conduct search and rescue, anti-submarine and maritime strike missions using torpedoes and Harpoon missiles.
“The first duty of government is the defence of the nation,” Abbott said during a visit to the 34 squadron in Canberra on Friday.
“This is a government which is absolutely committed to the border security of this country. Yes, these are maritime strike aircraft; yes, they are anti-submarine aircraft; but they are also border security aircraft with an enormous capacity to surveil our oceans as required.”
Abbott, who made their pledge to prevent asylum seeker boats from reaching Australia at the centre of their election pitch, was asked to confirm that the aircraft would track such vessels.
The prime minister said the aircraft would be used for border protection but the first one was due to be in service in 2017 “and I think the boats will be stopped by then”.
They said up to $1bn of the $4bn cost would be available to be spent in Australia, both on work associated with the aircraft and on work associated with RAAF Base Edinburgh in South Australia, where the aircraft would be stationed.
Asked about any link to China's naval exercise this month to the north of Australia, Abbott said the P-8A Poseidon was a “long planned acquisition”. They said the first pass approval had been given in mid 2007 and second pass approval was given recently because of the need to ensure the program was fully functional.
“We are a friendly nation,” Abbott said. “We have nothing but goodwill for the wider world but it is important that we are able, if needs be, that we are able to defend our nation; it's important if needs be that we are able to work in concert with our friends and allies.”
The chief of the air force, Air Marshal Geoff Brown, said the Poseidon was “the world's most advanced maritime patrol aircraft” and would “certainly help the Royal Australian navy to be able to have freedom of manoeuvre right through our region for the next 20 or 30 years”.
The US ambassador to Australia, John Berry, said the acquisition would “improve our ability to work together to provide humanitarian assistance, disaster relief and to ensure our mutual security in the Asia-Pacific region”. They said the two countries had been working on the plans for years.
A spokesperson for Australia's defence minister, David Johnston, said the program's $4bn cost was “fully funded and budgeted under the defence capability plan”.
At the joint media conference, Johnston said the aircraft would provide the country with ”phenomenal strategic capability” and South Australia was the principal beneficiary of the platform.
South Australia's economy has come under strain as carmakers wind down local manufacturing. Voters will head to the polls next month for a state election.
Abbott said there was no contradiction between their hardline stance against industry assistance amid tough budget times and the decision to spend $4bn on the new defence aircraft.
“There's a world of difference between spending money on the essential purposes of government – and there's no more essential purpose of government than national security – and giving money to provide businesses to sustain them in business because they can't sustain themselves through their ordinary operations,” they said. “I just think they're too completely different things.”
The shadow defence minister, Stephen Conroy, welcomed Abbott's announcement, saying it confirmed the approach outlined by Labor when in government.
Labor's assistant defence spokesperson, David Feeney, said the government should “maintain close engagement on the acquisition to ensure some of the development issues with the P-8 are resolved prior to the aircraft being introduced into our inventory”.
The P-8As are based on the Boeing 737-800 fuselage but include a bomb bay and under-wing and under-fuselage hard points for weapons, and are strengthened to allow low-level flying and 60-degree bank turns, according to a description on the air force website.
They are capable of conducting low-level anti submarine warfare missions for more than four hours at a range of 2200km from base, the summary says.
The Rudd government's 2009 defence white paper said the government would “acquire eight new maritime patrol aircraft to replace the current AP-3C Orion fleet”.
The Gillard government's 2013 defence white paper confirmed Australia's intention to use P-8A Poseidon aircraft “complemented by unmanned aircraft capable of undertaking broad-area maritime surveillance and fleet overwatch”.
One of the dead giveaways of psychopathic behavior is that of the vicious, psychotic character assassination campaigns that are wielded against anyone who stand in their way or might pose a threat to their agenda(s).
Please keep in mind that if you have become the targeted victim of a psychopath's smear campaign, that it is nothing personal. In fact, nothing can ever be seen as “personal” to a psychopath as they are devoid of any feelings (like a normal person might have); no love, no hate, no empathy, no remorse. They only see other people as tools or possessions and may even use phrases, like:
You're mine
You're mine I own you
And when they are done with you, they have so little regard for you that they might say:
I will end you
You will be nothing when I'm done with you
This campaign focused on your destruction need not have any basis in actual fact, as the psychopath will create an alternative universe using a method that transfers the attributes of the psychopath in an effort to discredit the victim so much that anything they might say would not be considered as a factual representation of the truth.
The battleground may include close personal relationships, workplaces and/or media (recently there has been a great deal of growth in social media arenas).
Psychopathy is no respecter of gender. A psychopathic woman conducting a smear campaign might claim that a person perceived as a threat is abusive, twisted, perverted or on the brink of sanity. If the victim(s) exerts the effort to spend a great deal of effort in defense of their character (i.e., testimony, closed circuit proof, eyewitness accounts and other relative data), the psychopath will never recount their initial claim. Instead they will put on additional pressure to even claim that he/she is in fear for his/her life and that the victim is a threat to other men, women and/children or even the future of humankind.
While destroying the life of the victim of such a psychopathic smear campaign, it sends a strong message to witnesses of the event, in effect warning them that they dare not find themselves on the wrong side of such a formidable foe.
It is quite ordinary for a normal person to spout ill reports about someone whom they feel has wronged them while in the throes of emotional trauma. In healthy individuals, as time passes and emotional healing takes place, they become much more tolerant of others who have chosen to follow a different path. Not so for the psychopath. For the psychopath it is a long-term commitment to bury their prey and sometimes it can be a lifetime obsession.
The appropriate response when attacked by a psychopathic smear campaign is not to respond, not to defend, not to react, and not to contact the predator ever again; period, as any response, no matter how negative, threatening or even a lawfully empowered response will only add fuel to the fire that runs the engine of the assailant. Do not ask the psychopath to stop or try to negotiate with him/her.
Without responding, document everything. In regards to the importance of documentation:
Documentation beats conversation
If it wasn't documented, it didn't happen
Seek legal recourse, venues and protection by law, if at all possible, holding the offender accountable for every word, threat or action as it occurs.
Report everything that happens to your local law enforcement agency. Even if the authorities roll their eyes at you for coming into their office to report and supply them with documentation, yet again, do it anyway. Even those who work in the service against criminals can be conned by the cunning psychopath. Stay the course, document and report everything.
Though you may be tempted to, resist posting information about your psychopathic encounter on social media as this is the devils' playground. Also note that you should guard against sharing intimate details about your psychopathic encounters with other people because you never know who can be trusted (unless, of course, you know for a fact that the person in question is truly trustworthy). Psychopaths will manipulate those who have your confidence in order to probe you for information that feeds the psychopathic fire and they will be spreading lies about your credibility and/or sanity. Anything you say to them will be twisted and misconstrued to reflect upon you in the worst possible light.
Take away the impact of the psychopath's abuse by having absolutely no response or contact whatsoever, and they eventually get bored and move onto some other more entertaining prey. The reaction of either the victim or others feeds their need to focus on the destruction of their prey.
Therein lays the rub. As social media becomes more accessible, we see psychopaths moving their smear campaigns to the Internet, which is much more difficult to control and can be a highly effective tool in the destruction of a victim's character. Although the victim might have the wherewithal to ignore the fictitious ranting of the psychopath, other onlookers, unaware of the deception and those whom are fascinated by dirty laundry and drama, may provide the assailant the attention that they crave.
Reach out to a professional for support. People with no professional frame of reference or exhaustive experience dealing with psychopaths will not understand the true nature of the psychopath, and many professionals have been misled or swindled by psychopaths.
Resources include Domestic Violence workers, organizations, victim support groups, counselors or professionals with expertise in dealing with psychopathic abuse.
Random Posts
Can't seem to find any good guides on how to do this directly on Google/Youtube. Basically I have a list of products (code):
<sql:query var="result"> select * from inventory; </sql:query> <table border="1" width="100%"> <tr> <th>Code</th> <th>Author</th> <th>Description</th> <th>Other field(Probs price)</th> <th>Item Stock</th> <th>Order Stock</th> <th>Buy option </th> </tr> <c:forEach var = "row" items = "${result.rows}"> <tr> <td><c:out value = "${row.item_code}"/></td> <td><c:out value = "${row.item_author}"/></td> <td><c:out value = "${row.item_description}"/></td> <td><c:out value = "${row.item_price}"/></td> <td><c:out value = "${row.item__stock_count}"/></td> <td><c:out value = "${row.item_order_count}"/></td> <td><a href="shoppingbasket.jsp">Order Now!</a></td> </tr> </c:forEach> </table> </div>
The layout looks like this:
Code Author Description Price Item Stock Buy Option
It is connected to mySQL databse. So obviously under all these headers is information. Under the "Buy Option" Has Buy on every row.
What I want to do is when I click buy on one row. It will get the item Code for that specific row and will Post the item on the page shoppingbasket.jsp.
Any ideas how I can do this?
The loud knock on the family's farmhouse door was at midnight as they got ready for bed. Outside, five Islamic State fighters, Kalashnikovs hung on their shoulders and faces hidden by black scarves, were searching for girls to kidnap.
‘We opened the door and they saw my wife's teenage sisters Sabiha and Sajida. The fighters told us they were going to steal them because they were beautiful,' says Kafi Osman, anger still burning in their eyes at the memory.
‘We cried and the girls wept as they were led outside and driven away in an open truck. We have heard nothing of them since.'
The girls' kidnap in the northern Iraqi town of Makhmur came as jihadis from Islamic State (also known as IS and Isis) took control of it street by street. They beheaded men, raped women and then captured their trophies of war — virgins to be sex slaves or jihadi brides.
Scroll down for video
One teacher told of their horrifying capture by the city's ruthless all-women police unit, the Al-Khansa brigade (above), created to enforce IS rules. ‘They said my eyes were visible through my veil. I was tortured. They lashed me'
The Osman family now believe that Sabiha, 18, and Sajida, 16, are prostitutes in Raqqa, a seven-hour drive across the Iraqi border in Syria and the Islamic State's self-proclaimed capital, awash with jihadi fighters.
It is a place of medieval barbarism, terror, torture, abuse and odious controls over the 100,000 women who live there. Some women are trapped in the city against their will.
They did not escape before IS marched in two years ago, building a Sharia court on the football pitch and imposing a regime where grisly public executions take place by stoning and crucifixion in the main square after mosque prayers on a Friday.
Others are radicalised jihadi brides from the West, including three pupils from Bethnal Green, East London, who were pictured last week walking in the town with a woman minder in a burka holding a Kalashnikov.
The third group of women is the unfortunates kidnapped in enemy territory by IS fighters, taken to Raqqa, and imprisoned in a life of sex slavery.
I remember one woman walking with their husband wearing a robe with images on it. We arrested them and took them to the Al-Khansa base. I lashed them with my own hands
Whatever the reason for living in this hellish place, all women are prohibited from going outside or travelling without a male relative. Islamic State imposes a strict dress code demanding all females from puberty upwards wear two gowns to hide their body shape, black gloves to cover their hands, and three veils so their faces cannot be seen, even in direct sunlight.
Women have been publicly buried alive in sand for breaking the code. One former Syrian schoolteacher trapped in the city told Channel 4 in a documentary, Escape From Isis, to be aired next week: ‘We have no freedom. We cannot go out on the balcony or look through the window. They will arrest a woman if they wear perfume or raises their voice. A woman's voice cannot be heard.'
The teacher told of their horrifying capture by the city's ruthless all-women police unit, the Al-Khansa brigade, created to enforce IS rules. ‘They said my eyes were visible through my veil. I was tortured. They lashed me. Now some of them punish women by biting. They give you the option between getting bitten or lashed.'
As many as 60 British women, including Aqsa Mahmood, the 20-year-old Glaswegian woman who left their family to become an Islamic State apparatchik last year, are thought to be members of the brigade. They are paid up to £100 a month, a fortune in the Islamic State bad-lands.
One former Al-Khansa enforcer, a young Syrian woman called Umm Abaid, told the filmmakers how they had led a normal life until the arrival of IS and the imposition of Sharia law in Raqqa, once a cosmopolitan city where the sexes mixed freely.
Another grim glimpse of life in Raqqa emerged last weekend from Amira Abase (left), who was 15 when they and fellow Bethnal Green GCSE pupils Shamima Begum (right), 16, and Kadiza Sultana (centre), 15, ran away from home in February. Two of the girls have since married jihadi fighters, although they refuse to say which of them is still single
As many as 60 British women, including Aqsa Mahmood (above), the 20-year-old Glaswegian woman who left their family to become an Islamic State apparatchik last year, are thought to be members of the brigade
‘I went to school, to coffee shops,' they said, ‘but slowly, slowly my husband [a Saudi Arabian IS fighter killed in a suicide bomb attack] convinced me about Islamic State and its ideas. I joined the brigade and was responsible for enforcing the clothing regulations.
‘Anyone who broke the rules, we would lash. Then we would take their male guardian, their brother, father or husband, and lash him, too.
‘Even when I was off duty, if I was with my husband in the car and we saw a woman dressed wrong, they would stop and tell me to deal with them
'I remember one woman walking with their husband wearing a robe with images on it. We arrested them and took them to the Al-Khansa base. I lashed them with my own hands.'
Umm fled to Turkey after IS tried to force them to remarry within weeks of their husband blowing themselves up.
The terrifying brigade even stops buses to check women passengers. If one is found breaking the code, all the passengers are forced to get off and the bus is refused permission to proceed. The driver can be lashed because they let the woman on board.
Some of the Al-Khansa members operate undercover, posing as housewives, mingling in the crowds to listen for any dissent.
They also run brothels where kidnapped girls, like Sabiha and Sajida, are expected to satisfy fighters returning from battle. Those who have escaped, by a miracle, say they have slept with 100 different fighters in a few weeks.
Even girls who have gone willingly to Raqqa, thinking they were going to marry one fighter, have found they are expected to spend a week with their new ‘spouse' before they are ‘divorced' by an Islamic cleric and married to another fighter for a week.
And so the marriage merry-go-round goes on.
Yet, incredibly, still more Muslim girls and women from Europe, and notably the UK, are arriving in Raqqa to join IS. What can possibly induce them to run away to join its ranks?
A group of captured Yazidi and Christian women are chained together and marched to a sickening sex slave market where they are sold to become wives for Islamic State fighters
Emily Dyer, a research fellow with the Henry Jackson Society, a respected Westminster think-tank, spends hours each day tracking social media messages sent to the West by jihadi brides.
‘The fighters are seen as lions and wives as lionesses raising future jihadists,' they say. ‘Joining up is seen as an adventure for girls who are bored with life here. You cannot overestimate the seductive attraction of IS to some of them. They see Muslims being attacked abroad and want to do something about it.
‘Even the violence and sexual abuse against women don't seem to stop them leaving. In Britain, they are exposed to a barrage of brainwashing on social media coming from the Islamic State. It tells them that not supporting the “cause” is wrong. There is strong moral pressure on Muslim women to go and play their part in building an IS caliphate.'
How could we stay in a town run by the Islamic State when we have our little daughters to protect? We were frightened the fighters would want them too
Explaining the recruitment process, they say: ‘Their friends come online with a cool new identity and tell them it is paradise, with groceries supplied, medical help for free, a place to stay. They meet a fighter online, they propose, and says come to Syria.
‘It sounds an attractive option when being a Muslim woman in the West may be a hard prospect.' Emily suggests the possible difficulties: perhaps a forced marriage, a limited life outside the home, and a lack of freedom compared with their non-Muslim peers.
Once they arrive, their dreams can be shattered. Emily's analysis of internet messages shows that many jihadi brides find Raqqa a shock. Under IS prohibitions, single women live in all-female safe houses called maqqars. If they are married, they must be only mothers or housewives unless selected to be IS ‘enforcers' or fighters.
A girl tracked by Emily on Twitter said: ‘I'm fed up. They make me do the washing up.' Another said: ‘I've done nothing except hand out clothes and food. I help clean weapons and transport dead bodies from the front. It's beginning to get really hard.' One complained: ‘My iPod doesn't work any more. I have to come back [to the West].'
A fourth wrote: ‘They want to send me to the front but I don't know how to fight.'
Another grim glimpse of life in Raqqa emerged last weekend from Amira Abase, who was 15 when they and fellow Bethnal Green GCSE pupils Shamima Begum, 16, and Kadiza Sultana, 15, ran away from home in February. Two of the girls have since married jihadi fighters, although they refuse to say which of them is still single.
Under IS prohibitions, single women live in all-female safe houses called maqqars. If they are married, they must be only mothers or housewives unless selected to be IS ‘enforcers' or fighters. Above, Does fighters march through Raqqa, Syria
Amira, in messages on Twitter and Kik Messenger (an encrypted service) said that women in maqqars are forbidden access to mobile phones or the internet. They are then prepared for marriage to a jihadi, even if they are young teenagers. ‘The Prophet Mohammed's favourite wife, Aisha, got married to them when they were nine,' they said.
They advised British girls wanting to join IS not to tell their families, to bring as much money as possible, ‘lots of bras', black khimars (long Islamic dresses) and black niqabs (full face veils) — ‘you can't leave the house without a niqab.'
It was fear of IS's treatment of women that led Kafi Osman, a 27-year-old Iraqi Kurd and Muslim, to flee with their 44-year-old wife Balqesa and children, Sara, four, and Elaf, three, the day after Sabiha and Sajida were taken.
After a month hidden in the back of a truck, which crossed into Turkey then drove through Eastern Europe and Germany, they arrived on the northern coast of France. They had paid £16,000 in cash, which Kafi had hidden at the family's farmhouse, to an Iraqi agent.
‘How could we stay in a town run by the Islamic State when we have our little daughters to protect? We were frightened the fighters would want them too.
The Islamic State fighters say they are Muslims, but they have no religion but killing
The jihadis took over Makhmur in 20 minutes, killed the men, and then began knocking on doors looking for girls to steal.'
The Osmans are now among 3,000 refugees, asylum seekers and economic migrants massing on the French coast trying to hide on lorries and trains coming to Britain. The tragedy is that Kafi and their family genuinely deserve help.
When I met them, I gave them food and medicine for the girls, who had chills, while their father explained: ‘When we ran away from Makhmur, the four of us lay down flat on land outside the town hoping we would not be found by the Islam fighters. We were there for days without food and only a little water. At last I found someone who knew a man who would drive us to Europe.
‘The price was high, all my savings which I ran away with in my pocket. I reasoned that I could always get money again but nothing would bring back my little daughters if the Islamic State got them.
‘When we were on the journey, the driver hid their face so I could not report them to the police. We had to put our hands over the girls' mouths to stop them talking at borders.'
At last, the driver told them they were in Britain. They got out and stood by the road as they drove off. Kafi says: ‘It was late evening and I looked at the street signs. They had cheated us, they had dropped us in France. I was so disappointed.'
In the darkness, the family walked for three hours and finally saw a sign for Dunkirk. In the town the next morning, they were told by another Iraqi migrant about a makeshift camp, hidden in trees in Grande Synthe, a small town three miles away. There are the other migrants, who rarely see young children, offered them a hut to live in.
Today Kafi, who speaks good English and worked as an interpreter for an Italian oil company in Makhmur, while helping out on the family farm, says they will never return to Iraq.
As they pull their coat around their shoulders on a chilly French day, they say: ‘The Islamic State fighters say they are Muslims, but they have no religion but killing. I did not want to bring my daughters up in a caliphate run by them.' They comfort themselves that they have saved their daughters from Sabiha and Sajida's fate.
As we say goodbye, Balqesa begins to cry uncontrollably at the mention of their sisters' names, while their two beautiful children reach up their hands to their mother's face to try to stop their tears falling.
Canberra Libs breach advertising rules
Updated
The Canberra Liberals have faced sanctions over another breach of election signage regulations.
Territory and Municipal Services (TAMS) impounded 30 Liberal Party signs that were illegally placed around Lanyon on Saturday.
The Liberals were also warned about incorrectly placed signage at Charnwood.
It is the second time TAMS has impounded Liberal Party signs, after another breach earlier this month.
The party must pay more than $100 per sign if it wants them returned.
ACT Labor branch secretary Elias Hallaj says the breach is disappointing but not surprising.
"I'm very disappointed that there's been another blatant breach of the rules by Zed Seselja's ACT Liberals," they said.
"It's a sign of arrogance that despite repeated warnings they continue to breach the rules in lots of different areas."
The Liberal Party has released a statement saying the signs were not attached to public property.
"The Liberal Party Campaign made a complaint about Labor Party signs, and no action was taken by the Government," the statement reads.
"The ranger said their reason for removing Liberal Party signs was that it was more than eight weeks out from the election.
"It's interesting the Labor Party has taken this line, given some Your Rights at Work posters are still attached to public property."
But TAMS says it has not received any complaints about Labor Party election signage.
A Liberal spokesperson refused to say which signs the party complained about and when the complaint was made.
Topics: elections, alp, liberals, act, canberra-2600
First posted
Cloud gaming service OnLive said that the company will throw open its PlayPack vault in support of the Extra Life charity for 24 hours beginning Thursday, allowing gamers to play more than 250 games on the service for free.
Although the effort clearly promotes OnLive's own services, the company is also raising money for Extra Life, a gaming marathon that helps raise money for the Children's Miracle Network of 170 hospitals across America. The PlayPack is free, but those that raise money for Extra Life will also receive prizes that scale up according to the amount of money donated or raised.
Basically, OnLive sells itself as a way to play graphically intensive games without paying hundreds of dollars for the latest hardware. OnLive offers two main subscriptions. CloudPlay, for $7.95 per month, allows gamers who buy a supported game via Valve Software's Steam service, to play the game using OnLive's network of dedicated game servers. A second service, PlayPack, lets gamers play an archive of more than 250 older games that include Saints' Row: The Third and the first two games in the Batman Arkham series, for $9.95 per month. OnLive also quietly bundled the two into an OnLive Service Bundle for $12.95 per month about two weeks ago.
Why this matters: OnLive's service has always been very good, although the relaunch earlier this year adds the new pricing plans. Even a small donation to the Extra Life campaign, however, will unlock a month's worth of free games. Either way, gamers have a chance to sample the OnLive PlayPack for at least 24 hours for free—and for a month just by paying a bit more. And that's a win-win for both OnLive and Extra Life.
Gamers can sign up for an account Thursday at the OnLive website, where the OnLive PlayPack offer will be live. They can also visit the Extra Life website and donate additional money.
The “prizes” work as follows, according to OnLive:
Raise $5: One free month of the OnLive Service Bundle
Raise $25: First 1000 gamers get a free download of MX vs ATV Reflex from Nordic Games
Raise $50: A second free month of the OnLive Service Bundle
Raise $100: One free game code (up to $19.99)
Raise $200: A second free game code (up to $49.99)
Raise $300: Receive a third month of the OnLive Service Bundle + 1 free game code (up to $19.99)
Raise $500: Receive a fourth month of the OnLive Service Bundle + 1 free game code (up to $49.99) Additionally, the top 5 OnLive Team participants with the most donations by 6 a.m. PST on October 26, 2014, will receive their choice of a Mad Catz M.O.J.O. Micro-console + C.T.R.L.R. or a Wikipad 7-inch Gaming Tablet, the company said.
If you do participate, let us know in the comments!
The color killer is an electronic stage in color TV receiver sets which acts as a cutting circuit to cut off the color amplifiers when the TV receives a monochrome signal.[1]
Monochromatic transmission [ edit ]
When a receiver is tuned to a monochrome transmission, the displayed scene should have no color components. However, there are two factors which result in color display even during monochrome transmission:
a high frequency component of the luminance signal
a high frequency of external noise
When the frequencies of these signals equals the frequency of the color subcarrier wave, they may create an irritating color dot pattern like confetti, which interferes with the monochrome picture.
Color transmission [ edit ]
In a color TV waveform, a reference pulse, called the burst,[a] is transmitted along the back porch portion of the video signal. If the transmitted signal is monochromatic, then the burst is not transmitted. The color killer is actually a muting circuit in the chroma section which supervises the burst and turns off the color amplifiers if no burst is received (i.e. when the received signal is monochromatic.)[2]
Equation [ edit ]
In NTSC and PAL transmissions, the color TV signal can be represented as:[b]
E ( t ) = E y ( t ) + a 1 ⋅ ( E b ( t ) − E y ( t ) ) ⋅ sin ⁡ ( ω t ) + a 2 ⋅ ( E r ( t ) − E y ( t ) ) ⋅ cos ⁡ ( ω t ) {\displaystyle E(t)=E_{y}(t)+a_{1}\cdot (E_{b}(t)-E_{y}(t))\cdot \sin(\omega t)+a_{2}\cdot (E_{r}(t)-E_{y}(t))\cdot \cos(\omega t)}
In this equation a 1 {\displaystyle a_{1}} and a 2 {\displaystyle a_{2}} are attenuation factors, E y {\displaystyle E_{y}} is the luminance signal, ( E b − E y ) {\displaystyle (E_{b}-E_{y})} and ( E r − E y ) {\displaystyle (E_{r}-E_{y})} are the so-called color difference signals and ω {\displaystyle \omega } is the angular frequency of the color carrier. ω {\displaystyle \omega } is within the luminance bandwidth.[3]
Color eraser (Mehikon) [ edit ]
In the '70s, the Israeli government considered the import of color televisions as frivolous and a luxury that would increase social gaps. Therefore, the government ordered the Israel Broadcasting Authority to cease broadcasting in color. As it was impractical to strip out the chrominance signal from material recorded in color, this was accomplished by simply omitting the burst phase signal from the broadcast. The "damaged" signal triggered the "color killer" mechanism, installed in color TV sets to prevent the appearance of color. This method was named Mehikon (Hebrew: מחיקון‎ "eraser").
Soon after its introduction of the "Color eraser", special TV sets with an Anti-Mehikon (Hebrew: אנטי-מחיקון‎ "anti-eraser") device were offered. This device re-constructed the burst phase signal according to several known standards. The client had to turn a knob until the pictures on the screen appeared in natural colors. According to a report in Yediot Aharonoth from January 1979,[4] clients had to adjust the knob every 15 minutes on average in normal conditions, or up to 10 times an hour when special problems occurred, in order to restore natural colors or if the picture suddenly turned black and white.
Based on information from owners of electricity appliance stores, the report estimated that 90% of those who bought color TV sets also bought the Anti-Mehikon device, which added about 5–10% to the price of the television.
Eventually, the Mehikon idea was proven to be futile, and the Israeli television stopped using it in 1980, allowing color transmissions to be received freely.
Notes [ edit ]
^ Burst is actually a 10 period color carrier signal. ^ In SECAM , a similar equation can be used except that the modulation system is FM instead of QAM
References [ edit ]
Some parts of this page will not display.
JavaScript is not available in this browser or may be turned off.
“We're delivering on our promise to see a film studio built for southern Alberta here in Calgary. Our competition process ensured the public, private and industry support needed for a new studio was at the table. We're confident in the new business model developed by Calgary Economic Development and believe it has what it needs to be successful in attracting and retaining film productions. This move forward is good for the industry and good for Alberta – Alberta's film, television and digital media industry was responsible for over $400 million in economic activity over the last five years.” - Heather Klimchuk, Minister of Culture
Calgary Economic Development (CED) was selected through an open competition process to receive $5 million in one-time funding from the Government of Alberta towards the development of a film studio for the Calgary region. Its proposal demonstrated strong community engagement and support from the private and nonprofit sectors, post-secondary institutions and Alberta's screen-based production industry.
“We're pleased to have been selected as the proponent for the Calgary Film Studio. By working with industry and post-secondary partners to develop purpose-built facilities, we envision the studio will allow the Creative Industries sector to realize significant growth potential, increase the retention of local talent and support the diversification of our economy.” - Bruce Graham, President and CEO, Calgary Economic Development
Facts
Confirmation of the location for the studio will be forthcoming.
The projected opening date is scheduled for summer 2015.
The total projected cost is approximately $22.8 million.
CED will be partnering with the ComWeb Group/William F. White International, and working with Lawson Projects and Pacifica Ventures in the development of the studio.
The studio will feature two purpose-built sound stages (20,000 sq ft and 30,000 sq ft) with the ability to subdivide the larger studio.
The studio will also include 18,000 sq ft of warehouse space with an additional 10,000 – 15,000 sq ft) for workshop / production, props, sets, wardrobes, etc.
The new studio will be governed by a board of directors. William F. White International will be the anchor tenant and act as the sound stage operator.
Every dollar government invests through the Alberta Media Fund in the film, television and digital media industry results in six dollars of economic activity in the province.
Calgary and Southern Alberta account for 80 per cent of all production dollars spent in the province.
Studio space is critical in ensuring the continued success, viability and business attraction of Alberta's screen-based production sector. Southern Alberta currently does not have a purpose-built studio, resulting in an ongoing lack of capacity that limits opportunity for this region.
Under the Building Alberta Plan, our government is investing in families and communities, living within our means, and opening new markets for Alberta's resources to ensure we're able to fund the services Albertans told us matter most to them. We will continue to deliver the responsible change Albertans voted for.
Sean Sullivan at Nick's Comedy Stop June 23 - June 24
Sean Sullivan is a comedian, actor, and writer from Boston, MA. A semi-finalist in the 2008 and 2009 Boston Comedy Festival, Sean has emerged as one of the top young comics in the country. He's showcased for the producers of Late Night with David Letterman and the Just For Laughs comedy festival and is a favorite at colleges all over New England because of their quick wit and loose, unpredictable style. Sean made their national television debut December 4th, 2009 on Comedy Central's Live at Gotham.
featuring: Sean Sullivan & more
Nick's Comedy Stop (http://nickscomedystop.com/) is located at 246 Tremont Street
Boston MA 02116
Fri: 8pm, $20
Sat: 8pm, $20
Click here to purchase tickets: http://nickscomedystop-com.seatengine.com/events/16720
Click here for more info: http://nickscomedystop.com/contact or call 617-830-2551
We have been informed about thanks to a Telegram user. In the next conversation you could see how Telegram “only” shows us the last million messages of our own. All messages that are old and not part of our last million are archived on their servers and not shown us.
The user asks to the support for very old messages from a normal group because they could not see them, then support answers:
Is it possible that your account has reached more than 1 million messages? On the server, there is a limit of files that the client can display. Currently the limit is around one million messages. Exceeded the number of messages, the client can only display the most recent, and the oldest are archived on the server (not removed). That is why it is possible that old messages are gone. If you delete some recent, you'll recall, it is the only way to re-read again. The million messages is for each account. Channels and super groups have their million separately, but normal groups are treated as individual chats. Messages you try to look for are treated as normal group, since the group was not at that time supergroup.”
Follow us on Telegram Geeks Channel.
North Melbourne will be without Scott Thompson for its clash with GWS on Saturday after they were accepted a one-match match ban from the MRP.
The defender was booked for an intentional, high contact, low impact elbow to Patrick Dangerfield's head, with a two-match ban reduced to one with their early plea.
Thompson fell awkwardly onto the Geelong midfielder early in the first quarter and will now miss the trip to Hobart.
Meawhile, Braydon Preuss is free to play despite being charged for rough conduct. The emerging ruckman kneed Jackson Thurlow in the back after arriving late to a marking contest.
Preuss accepted a $1,000 fine with an early plea.
The Match Review Panel's findings on Monday were as follows:
Scott Thompson, North Melbourne, has been charged with striking Patrick Dangerfield, Geelong Cats, during the first quarter of the Round Two match between North Melbourne and the Geelong Cats played at Etihad Stadium on Sunday April 2, 2017.
In summary, they can accept a one-match sanction with an early plea.
Based on the available evidence and a medical report from the Geelong Cats Football Club, the incident was assessed as intentional conduct with low impact to the head. The incident was classified as a two-match sanction. The player has no applicable record which impacts the penalty. An early plea enables the player to accept a one-match sanction.
Braydon Preuss, North Melbourne, has been charged with engaging in rough conduct against Jackson Thurlow, Geelong Cats, during the first quarter of the Round Two match between North Melbourne and the Geelong Cats played at Etihad Stadium on Sunday April 2, 2017.
In summary, they can accept a $1000 sanction with an early plea.
Based on the available video evidence and a medical report from the Geelong Cats Football Club, the incident was assessed as careless conduct with medium impact to the body. The incident was classified as a $1500 sanction. The player has no applicable record which impacts the penalty. An early plea enables the player to accept a $1000 sanction.
Governors from four states where recreational marijuana is legal for adult use sent a letter to Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin on Monday urging them to respect state cannabis laws.
The letter, signed by Alaksa Gov. Bill Walker, Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper, Oregon Gov. Kate Brown and Washington Gov. Jay Inslee, implores the administration to continue the policy set by a 2013 Justice Department memo allowing state marijuana laws to go into effect without federal intervention. Sessions, a longtime critic of marijuana use, has indicated their department may reverse that Obama-era policy and begin cracking down on state-level legalization efforts.
“As governors of states that have legalized marijuana in some form, we ask the Trump Administration to engage with us before embarking on any changes to regulatory and enforcement systems,” the letter reads. “The balance struck by the [DOJ memo] has been indispensable ― providing the necessary framework for state regulatory programs centered on public safety and health protections.”
“We understand you and others in the administration have some concerns regarding marijuana,” the letter continues. “We sympathize, as many of us expressed apprehensions before our states adopted current laws. As governors, we have committed to implementing the will of our citizens and have worked cooperatively with our legislatures to establish robust regulatory structures that prioritize public health and public safety, reduce inequitable incarceration and expand our economies.”
The governors' letter earned praise from Aaron Smith, the executive director of the National Cannabis Industry Association.
“There is no denying that regulated cannabis businesses are preferable to underground markets dominated by gangs and cartels,” they said in a statement. “The regulated markets are creating jobs, generating tax revenue, and taking marijuana sales off the streets. The Trump Administration should be working with the states to ensure the regulated markets are functioning properly and safely, not working against the states to shut them down.”
But Kevin Sabet, who runs the anti-legalization group Smart Approaches to Marijuana, argued that legalization impacts surrounding states and thus should be subject to federal regulation.
“While we don't want to see state employees arrested for implementing state laws, or people locked up or given criminal records for smoking pot, we support federal laws against marijuana. It's time to end, not expand the special interest big marijuana lobby,” they said in a statement. “That lobby would like us to ignore the fact that today's legalized marijuana ― and the accompanying industry ― is damaging to public health.”
While 26 states and the District of Columbia have legalized marijuana use in some form, the substance is still banned at the federal level.
A package of reform bills introduced in Congress last week would seek to close the gap between state and federal policy by removing cannabis from the DEA's list of most dangerous substances and instead regulating the substance similarly to alcohol.
ATLANTA – They didn't put it in writing but union presidents have decided to condition labor's voluntary political contributions to lawmakers on their fast-track votes, at least for now.
In an ultra-closed session here on Feb. 25, the AFL-CIO Executive Council agreed to a proposal, first advanced by firefighters President Harold Schaitberger the day before, that pulled all political giving until after the fast-track vote in Congress.
Fast-track would give President Obama and any president who comes after him, regardless of party, unlimited authority to secretly negotiate so-called “free trade” pacts with other nations. The authority would apply to secret negotiations now going on with 11 nations around the Pacific Ocean. A president would be able to ram trade deals through Congress with little or no debate or opportunity for amendment – just an up or down vote. This would be the case, of course, even with trade deals that make no provisions to protect the rights of labor in the countries involved.
Organized labor is leading a huge citizen campaign against fast-track, officially called Trade Promotion Authority. That campaign was rolled out in detail at a town hall meeting on trade here last night. Big business, President Obama and most congressional Republicans are for fast track. Labor, citing past trade pacts going back to NAFTA, say the pacts fast-track would allow, with Asia, Europe and covering services and government procurement, would cost tens of thousands of U.S. jobs.
Schaitberger challenged their colleagues to put their money where their rhetoric is, by pulling political giving until after the vote, and conditioning following donations on lawmakers' fast-track stands. Their union's campaign finance committee did. Several leaders told PAI after the session that the rest of the union presidents agreed.
“Not one dime will go to anybody, period, from all of the internationals (unions) and their affiliates, until we see what happens with fast-track,” one leader told PAI.
The unionists' decision is particularly important because organized labor's voluntary political contributions form a huge share of the funds available to progressive political candidates. “So many of those candidates take our funds, and then don't support us,” another leader told PAI.
Photo: Alex Milan Tracy/NurPhoto/AP
Anti-Trump protesters march amid tear gas, flash grenades
The departure from convention raised eyebrows in an institution where formality and decorum rule — spectators in the body of the court, for example, are regularly chastised for even wearing eyeglasses on their heads — and where impartiality is sacrosanct.
"Judges depend on public confidence in their objectivity — if they are believed to espouse specific political or partisan views in the courtroom, that objectivity is lost and with it public confidence," said Lorne Sossin, dean of Osgoode Hall Law School in Toronto.
In their complaint to the judicial council, Van Harten expressed concern about the consequences of the judge's conduct:
"For example, it has been publicly reported in recent days that members of groups disparaged by President-elect Trump have reacted to their victory with fear. There is a legitimate concern that Justice Zabel's conduct may fuel such fear among persons appearing in Ontario courts."
They call on the OJC "to take strong and public steps to condemn and discipline Justice Zabel for their inappropriate conduct."
They suggest Zabel should be forced to "recuse themselves from cases involving members of groups that have been publicly maligned by President-elect Trump"— though they also stress that they know "not all Trump supporters are associated with misogyny and disdain for the vulnerable."
With court closed for Remembrance Day, The Spectator was unable to reach Zabel for comment Friday and the judge had declined to comment to the Globe on Thursday.
The Spectator was able to verify Friday that the incident occurred — but a Hamilton lawyer speaking on condition of anonymity noted that while it was certainly a hot topic among lawyers in private, it would likely be difficult to get comment on any issue involving a judge in the tight-knit legal community.
Even the head of the Hamilton Criminal Lawyers' Association declined to weigh in.
"Given I wasn't there, I wouldn't endeavour to comment personally," Jaime Stephenson wrote in an email response to The Spectator on Friday.
"As an association that is composed of a diverse membership, who are entitled to their own opinions, I would be remiss as a president to make a sweeping comment on behalf of the whole."
Another Hamilton lawyer similarly declined to comment because the lawyer was not there but was "glad" the issue was being covered.
The Crown's office directed questions to the Attorney General's office.
But outside of the court, the story has raised eyebrows and sparked debate on social media.
Lenore Lukasik-Foss, director of Hamilton's Sexual Assault Centre (SACHA), has concerns about the message this sends to people who could come before Zabel in court — particularly given the "reams and reams and reams of discriminatory and oppressive comments (Trump) has made toward many groups."
"What if I was a sexual assault complainant in front of him? We all know there are many women who've come forward around Donald Trump — and you're wearing a hat saying, 'Yeah, he's awesome?' To me, I just think about how I would be feeling as a survivor in the courtroom," they said.
"I'd be very concerned if sitting judges share the same values as Donald Trump, and I'd be very concerned as a black person or a Muslim. For me this is not just a concern I have for survivors of sexual violence … but also for all the other groups. I'm just not sure there's a place for that in our courts."
Lukasik-Foss said the bar should be much higher for judges when it comes to being unbiased — and, in fact, it is.
According to the Principles of Judicial Office, developed by judges in the Ontario Court of Justice, judges "must be impartial and objective in the discharge of their judicial duties."
They are "not to be influenced by partisan interests … and shall not, by words or conduct, manifest favour, bias or prejudice toward any party or interest."
It is on this principle that Van Harten lodged their complaint.
"Justice Zabel's conduct would be inappropriate if it were associated with any political party, politician, or political movement, but it is made worse by the discriminatory and abusive character of views and attitudes commonly and reasonably associated with President-elect Trump and some in the partisan political movement that supports him."
They added that Zabel "was not treating their judicial office and those in their courtroom with the dignity and courtesy to which they are entitled and was not carrying out their role with honour."
The Ministry of the Attorney General's office and Lise Maisonneuve, chief justice of the Ontario Court of Justice, were unreachable Friday.
Zabel is a well-respected judge in Hamilton with more than two decades on the bench.
It was they who was asked to swear in new Hamilton police Chief Eric Girt at a ceremony this summer.
In a statement issued on social media Friday, Ward 3 Coun. Matthew Green expressed outrage at the reported incident.
They called it "an embarrassment to the City of Hamilton, the Judiciary, and the Canadian legal system as a whole."
They called for Zabel's resignation from the bench.
My thoughts on Justice Zabel's incredibly poor judgment and disrespect for the Ontario Court of Justice: @TheSpec @mollyhayes pic.twitter.com/F0thuzN0zu — Matthew Green (@MGreenWard3) November 12, 2016
mhayes@thespec.com
905-526-3214 | @mollyhayes
A state senator from York County is stepping right into the middle of one of the hottest political flashpoints of the day.
Sen. Mike Regan has said they will introduce a resolution condemning the various player-led national anthem protests that occurred at National Football League games this past weekend.
The protests - an outgrowth of player Colin Kaepernick's refusal to stand for the playing of the national anthem last year when they were a member of the San Fransisco 49ers - expanded on Sunday in response to President Donald Trump's call earlier in the week for players to who didn't stand for the anthem to be fired.
Trump also referred at a campaign rally in Alabama to those supporting Kaepernick's protest against racial injustice as "SOBs."
That prompted a backlash through the heavily-integrated league this weekend, as players at stadiums around the country joined together in support of teammates who share concerns about the history of unequal treatment by police.
To Regan, a former U.S. Marshal, the movement was a step too far.
In a co-sponsorship memo circulated earlier this week, they said the stadium protests were "not a harmless exercise of First Amendment rights. It was a deliberate, orchestrated effort to disrespect the anthem and flag of the United States of America, and it cannot go unrebuked."
Calling the stadium demonstrations "anti-American," Regan added "poisonous identity politics have politicized nearly every facet of American life, including our sacred national symbols.... Things have simply gone too far."
Regan's resolution would serve as a public condemnation of the sideline protests but would have no other force of law.
Still, the first-term senator from Carroll Township said it's a point they want to make, in part to reflect repeated conversations they had with constituents who attended a Senior Expo in their district on Monday.
Regan said the protests from the prior day came up frequently, and "it was sad to see the hurt look in their eyes, almost like they felt their country is getting away from them."
Regan stressed in a telephone interview Wednesday they get the idea of people exercising their free speech rights, and noted their resolution doesn't stop anybody from taking the same kind of stand going forward.
But, they added, they and those who agree with them have the same right to call out what they see as disrespect to the flag and those who have sacrificed for it.
The resolution is their way of saying that they wish the players would make their case in other ways, whether it's lobbying for changes in the law, mentoring kids or supporting programs that build connections between police and the communities they patrol.
"We're certainly imperfect (as a nation) and we have out shortfalls," Regan said, referring to the race-based issues that underly the stadium protests.
"But I have always liked to think of that anthem as something that unites us," Regan continued. "I think if we lose that, we're losing something that's a part of the fabric of our existence as Americans."
It is not clear when Regan's resolution, which is still being drafted, would receive consideration in the Senate.
Pennsylvania is not the only state where politicians are reacting to the NFL's day of protest in what - in many cases - are taxpayer-subsidized stadiums.
In Louisiana, a state lawmaker asked officials there to consider cutting off an estimated $165 million in tax breaks for the New Orleans Saints, and a Florida Congressman on Tuesday called into question the NFL's status as a "tax exempt trade organization."
"In America, if you want to play sports you're free to do so. If you want to protest, you're free to do so," said Rep. Matt Gaetz, according to a report in The Washington Post. "But you should do so on your own time and your own dime."
In Pennsylvania, the football stadiums where the NFL's Pittsburgh Steelers and the Philadelphia Eagles play were financed in part through $320 million in taxpayer-funded bond issues.
To Regan, it's another issue reason why the state Senate, on behalf of Pennsylvania taxpayers, may want to opine on what goes on there. "The buildings exist because of the taxpayers," they noted.
The news that graduates are now paying to work for free just adds to the feeling that something has to give.
When Roz Tuplin graduated in 2010 they thought that a post-graduate degree in English Literature would be good grounding for a job in the media. They knew they would have to gain work experience, but after a year of trying to get a placement, they have decided to pay employers £65 a day to let them through the door. "It seems to be the way things are going," they said.
From the BBC.
This is what my old uni careers advice had to say about internships: "if you can get a foot in the door this way, work as hard as you can, make yourself indispensible and you might – might– get paid work later on." And now people are being asked to pay for the privilege? And of course, this advice is being given to everyone, and if everyone does it, it completely negates the point: there aren't enough jobs to go round.
So the way the labour market's shaping up under austerity: either be forced to work for Tesco for your dole money, or if you've got the savings and 'ambition', pay the bosses to give you experience in the hope of maybe, just maybe getting a job down the line (the increasingly imaginary carrot to workfare's stick). And with austerity planned to last until 2017 at least, with public sector job cuts revised up from 410,000 to 700,000 and a sub-inflation pay cap (i.e. pay cut) of 1% imposed for two years for those who remain, unemployment's only going to rise.
Paul Mason's thesis on "a new sociological type: the graduate with no future" looks very pertinent almost a year on. But it isn't just graduates kicking off. The student riots were followed by the August riots which have been followed by the largest strikes in a generation.
It seems to me that several things are happening at once here:
The massive push to get more people into university is coming home to roost. DSG are right that "a university degree today is not a sign of becoming middle-class. It's a way for the working class to make themselves suitable for the post-industrial workplace. This must be the basis of any class analysis of the current argument." However, it hasn't been sold this way: students have been told they're investing in their own upward mobility, only to graduate and find it was bullshit. And so the 'lucky' ones fill the call centres and the chugging teams while the rest sign on. This clash between expectation and reality is potentially quite combustible, as the potential sense of 'middle class entitlement' is subsumed into the wider groundswell of working class anger. At the same time, what remains of the post-war social contract is being torn up. The NHS is being privatised, pensions shredded, jobs cut and a return to recession only months away, following the Eurozone. Private sector workers aren't being spared either, with Sparks facing 35% pay cuts. Finally, there's been a collapse in state legitimacy, following expenses scandals, tuition fees hikes, years of the police being police, leading to things like #occupy and the demand for 'real democracy', and an opening up of a new political space.
It's impossible to predict how these tendencies will develop. But it's a potent mixture. If the Eurozone collapses and banks follow - could we see an Argentina-esque scenario of savings disappearing and the subsequent explosive class recomposition? If banks need another bail-out, is austerity now a permanent condition? Increasingly, it's feeling like something has to give. As long as we're on the back foot, that something could well be our living standards. But these are interesting times. A lot of the old class compromises which bought social peace in the past are being torn up, and the anger behind the August riots hasn't gone away. Watch this space.
The DreamHack Sapphire AMD Championship: Summer 2011 is just around the corner and now its time to present the very last players. Sadly some have been forced to cancel their participation but we have great players to replace them. We are also presenting the groups!
Here we go: Welcome to DreamHack July, Bomber, NightEnD, Elfi, Jimpo, merz, Tarson, GoOdy, ClouD, MoMan, HayprO, DieStar and Naugrim.
InCa, MarineKing, anypro, Stephano, TLO wont participate due to various reasons, we hope to see them compete in future DreamHack events.
Players:
01. Virus Naama – Terran
02. oGs MC – Protoss
03. Duckload White-Ra – Protoss
04. Alternate Attax Socke – Protoss
05. Dignitas Bischu – Protoss
06. oGs NaDa – Terran
07. TSL FruitDealer – Zerg
08. EG IdrA – Zerg
09. Empire Kas – Terran
10. Dignitas NaNiwa – Protoss
11. Fnatic Sen – Zerg
12. Grubby – Protoss
13. mTw DIMAGA – Zerg
14. Liquid Jinro – Terran
15. Liquid Huk – Protoss
16. Liquid Ret – Zerg
17. Imba FXO Strelok – Terran
18. Empire Happy – Terran
19. Millenium Lalush – Zerg
20. Millenium Adelscott – Protoss
21. RoX.KiS BRAT_OK – Terran
22. Mouz Thorzain – Terran
23. Dignitas SjoW – Terran
24. Mouz Hasuobs – Protoss
25. MYM SaSe – Protoss
26. Mouz MaNa – Protoss
27. Liquid Tyler – Protoss
28. EG DeMusliM – Terran
29. Mouz Morrow – Zerg
30. EG Machine – Zerg
31. Fnatic TT1 – Protoss
32. WeMade Fox Moon – Zerg
33. srs Sushi – Zerg (Selected by DH partner in Benelux.)
34. Startale July – Zerg
35. Startale Bomber – Terran
36. Liquid HayprO – Zerg
37. Dignitas merz – Terran
38. Virus elfi – Protoss
39. SK Jimpo – Terran
40. Millenium Tarson – Terran
41. ESC GoOdy – Terran
42. MYM ClouD – Terran
43. Cyber Nation MoMan – Zerg
44. Fnatic NightEnD – Protoss
45. Millenium DieStar – Terran
46. GG.net Naugrim – Zerg
47. Winner of DreamHack Summer 2011 BYOC Qualifier
48. Runner-up at DreamHack Summer 2011 BYOC Qualifier
Groups:
Group A
SK Jimpo – Terran
Cyber Nation MoMan – Zerg
Dignitas NaNiwa – Protoss
Liquid Ret – Zerg
Imba FXO Strelok – Terran
Liquid Tyler – Protoss
Group B
RoX.KiS BRAT_OK – Terran
Millenium DieStar – Terran
mTw DIMAGA – Zerg
Mouz Morrow – Zerg
Fnatic NightEnD – Protoss
Alternate Attax Socke – Protoss
Group C
Grubby – Protoss
EG IdrA – Zerg
Dignitas merz – Terran
Virus Naama – Terran
Empire Kas – Terran
MYM SaSe – Protoss
Group D
Millenium Adelscott – Protoss
MYM ClouD – Terran
oGs MC – Protoss
GG.net Naugrim – Zerg
Fnatic Sen – Zerg
Fnatic TT1 – Protoss
Group E
Dignitas Bischu – Protoss
EG DeMusliM – Terran
Liquid Huk – Protoss
Millenium LaLush – Zerg
WeMade Fox Moon – Zerg
Millenium Tarson – Terran
Group F
Mouz Hasuobs – Protoss
Startale July – Zerg
EG Machine – Zerg
Dignitas SjoW – Terran
srs Sushi – Zerg
Mouz Thorzain – Terran
Group G
Virus elfi – Protoss
ESC GoOdy – Terran
Liquid Jinro – Terran
oGs NaDa – Terran
Duckload White-Ra – Protoss
BYOC
Group H
Startale Bomber – Terran
TSL FruitDealer – Zerg
Empire Happy – Terran
Liquid HayprO – Zerg
Mouz MaNa – Protoss
BYOC
Any questions?
Do not hesitate to contact DreamHack Esport Administration
Email: esport[at]dreamhack.se
Phone: +46 768 00 1336 (Office hours)
Call for Solidarity with Political Prisoners Russian anarchists
We are calling for solidarity actions in support of Russian anarchists and antifascists
What happened?
On the 3th December Dmitry Buchenkov, an active participant of libertarian movement, was arrested in Moscow. Dmitry is accused of participation in mass disturbances on the 6th May 2012 in Bolotnaya square, even though at that time they were not in Moscow. They were imprisoned while all norms of judicial procedure were denied. The decision to arrest Dmitry was made on the session of the court that was undertaken secretly, even without informing their advocate. During «The Case of Bolotnaya square» earlier were prosecuted many anarchists and antifascist. Some of them still remains regime's prisons: Alexey Gaskarov and Andrey Barabanov now are on their prison period in the prison camps.
Why had the government remembered this case 3,5 years later and arrests clearly innocent people who are participants of anarchist movement while falsifying and hiding imprsoned from advocates? We believe that they have decided to make a sort of «cleansing operation» against anarchists before they support social protests which are unavoidable.
Why did it happen?
Russia now is in the difficult economic situation. People's discontect may leads to mass action against this government and oligarkhs who, who are constantly growing their richment from poverty of people. That's why government had decided to repress left radicals.
Many of our comrades are in jails because of falsifyed charges. Alexey Sutuga in their prison is under the constant pressure and was turned to solitary cell because of their refusal to collaborate with police. By the end of November they were put in punishment cell for 10 days. Like Dmitry Buchenkov Sutuga is hidden from their advocates.
Alexander Kolchenko get the terribly hard sentence for 10 years for the charge of arsoning an office of ruling party «United Russia». Ilya Romanov — one of the oldest Russian anarchist activist who started in 80s — also get 10 years in jail for falsifyed charge of terrorism — just a little time after their release from the previous prosecution, when they get also ten years. At the same time in Tomsk they prosecute Egor Alexeev for their political activity. They use «anti-drug» 282 Article of the criminal code, which often used by government in its pressure on the opposition.
What to do?
We call all the people who care about the situation to act in solidarity with Russian anarchists and antifascists, who are under new wave of repressions now.
Pete Samu moved from Sydney to play for the Waimea Old Boys club in 2014, and made their debut for Tasman later that season.
It seems timely to scratch around for some details about Pete Samu.
Because the Melbourne-born back rower has helped the Crusaders out of a hole since Kieran Read was injured and, let's be honest, the team is blasting along okay without the All Blacks captain.
So here are the facts.
ALDEN WILLIAMS/FAIRFAX NZ Pete Samu made their debut for Tasman after moving across from Australia in early 2014.
Samu battled to get starts in the first half of the Super Rugby season because while Read was recovering from wrist surgery, Whetu Douglas did a fine job at No 8 and Jordan Taufua was their usual robust self at blindside flanker.
READ MORE:
* Naholo cops one-game ban
* Barrett out for three weeks
* Crusaders: record hunters
* The crusade continues
* Tamanivalu looks at options
* Dagg's knee passes test
Then Read returned in April, and Douglas, originally recruited as injury cover from Waikato, left Christchurch to prepare their family for a shift to Italy, where they had signed for the Treviso club.
It seemed a pretty neat swap, given the Crusaders back row now had the world's best No 8 reporting for duty. Everything changed when Read broke their thumb in just their third game back, against the Cheetahs in Bloemfontein on April 30.
The Crusaders, who also lost captain Sam Whitelock for two weeks because of suspension, immediately rang Douglas back in New Zealand to ask if they could return but those negotiations collapsed.
So Samu started at blindside flanker against the Bulls in Pretoria and the Hurricanes in Christchurch, with Taufua shifting back to No 8.
Samu has done okay, too. They revelled in the open play during the the record 62-24 victory at Loftus Versfeld, and got their hands dirty during the 20-12 win over the Hurricanes last weekend by running 43m with the ball, and, along with centre Jack Goodhue, made the most tackles for the Crusaders (11).
It was Samu's 10th appearance of the year, but just their fifth start. Last year, in their first season with the Crusaders, they earned just four runs as a replacement.
"The more I get to play in those positions, the more I enjoy it and it shows out on the field," Samu said.
"It [the Hurricanes game] was probably the most intense game we have had all season. We knew it was going to be like that. It wasn't so much a fast game; there were a lot of stoppages, a lot of penalties. We ground it out."
Samu, 24, had been playing for the Randwick club in Sydney when Tasman chief executive Tony Lewis suggested to Kieran Keane, then the coach of Tasman, the loose forward be invited to try their luck in the province in 2014.
"Pete is multi-skilled and I think the hard work they have done under Crusaders coach Scott Robertson is really helping," Lewis, who was the Randwick CEO when Samu arrived at the club after stints in Brisbane and Melbourne, said.
"It is quite funny, because everyone in Australia thought they were going to be a world-class sevens player but I think they are more suited to 15s. What Razor [Robertson] has done is increase their motor, skills and their speed this year."
Samu said their experience in the abbreviated side of the game had been limited: "Just club footy sevens, nothing too major."
They had previously been a member of the Waratahs wider training group, but never earned a Super Rugby cap, and is expected to start against the Chiefs in Suva on Friday night, where Robertson will hope they can keep adding heat to the contest for ruck ball and put the acid on first five-eighth Aaron Cruden - as the Crusaders did to Hurricanes playmaker Beauden Barrett.
"We thought if we defended them at the source, with the set piece, then they [Barrett] wouldn't get the chance to get their hands on the ball," Samu said. "I think we showed that out there. If you don't have much time with the ball, you can't really do much."
Image caption The information commissioner is trying to stem the flood of spam texts
Two men who sent millions of spam text messages have been fined £440,000 as the authorities step up the fight against the trade.
Christopher Niebel and Gary McNeish were part of a growing industry that sends texts to promote compensation claims for personal injury or payment protection mis-selling.
The information commissioner is trying to stop spammers and blaggers.
It says they are fuelling the trade by selling information without permission.
It is the first time the watchdog has used its powers to levy fines for this sort of case.
'Distressed and annoyed'
The Information Commissioner, Christopher Graham, said: "The public have told us that they are distressed and annoyed by the constant bombardment of illegal texts and calls and we are currently cracking down on the companies responsible, using the full force of the law.
"The two individuals we have served penalties on today made a substantial profit from the sale of personal information. They knew they were breaking the law and the trail of evidence uncovered by my office highlights the scale of their operations."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption How information from texts can be passed on to other companies
The case centres on Tetrus Telecoms, based in Greater Manchester, which offered to send out more than 800,000 texts a day on behalf of its clients, who are claims management companies looking for compensation cases to pass on to lawyers.
The messages, or variations of them, will be familiar to mobile phone users across Britain: "CLAIM TODAY, you may be entitled to £3500 for the accident you had. To CLAIM free reply CLAIM to this message. To opt out text STOP".
The information commissioner's office (ICO) says handwritten notes found in one of the company's offices suggested Tetrus had been using 70 mobile phone sim cards a day.
These would be inserted in a card reader connected to a computer, and SMS messages would be sent until each card's text message limit had been reached.
The company's directors, Mr Niebel and Mr McNeish, have been fined £440,000 between them for breaching the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003.
These require that marketing companies sending SMS messages must identify themselves and offer a way for recipients to opt out.
Records seized by the ICO suggest the company was making sales of more than £7,000 a day and its directors were earning tens of thousands of pounds.
'We had consent'
Mr Niebel told the BBC the company had permission to send out texts because the users on the lists they were using had given their "consent" to be contacted.
In a statement, Mr Niebel said they had not been provided with evidence from the ICO to support the allegations against them and they had not been examined in a court. They said intended to challenge the fine.
They also said they were a minor shareholder in the company and they said the majority was owned by Mr McNeish, who now lives in Thailand.
Mr Niebel claimed the ICO was concentrating on them because it had no legal jurisdiction over their partner.
The case has thrown a rare spotlight on the trade in potential clients for compensation claims, and the private data that enables them to be contacted.
Spammers sometimes send out messages to random numbers in the hope that they link to active mobile phones. They also buy black market lists of numbers on the internet.
For those receiving unwanted messages, replying can lead to the number being marked as active, making it more valuable to so-called 'list brokers'. Each proven number can be worth £5.
The ICO recommends the messages are deleted.
Mr Graham said: "Our message to the public is, if you don't know who sent you a text message then do not respond, otherwise your details may be used to generate profits for these unscrupulous individuals."
Rising premiums
However should a phone-user respond positively to a message offering compensation for a road accident or mis-sold Payment Protection Insurance (PPI) they will be passed to a claims management company which can then sell their case to a solicitor for a commission of around £500.
Critic says the process drives a "compensation culture" which the insurance industry says is pushing up premiums for everyone.
The ICO is also actively investigating cases of so called 'blagging' where the private details of potential insurance claimants are illegally collected and passed to claim management companies.
The details of those involved road accidents are often passed on by insurance companies, courtesy car providers, or even medical staff.
The ICO is considering taking action against three other companies believed to be acting in breach of the privacy and electronic communications regulations.
Update September 2015: In October 2013, the General Regulatory Chamber overturned the fine imposed on Christopher Niebel, a decision later upheld on appeal. In light of that, the Information Commissioner's Office decided not to pursue the case against Gary McNeish.
--- Today Top Games --- Crotone - Palermo Fluminense - Deportes Antofagasta Lazio - AC Milan Newcastle United - Burnley Padova - Brescia --- Tomorrow Top Games --- Arsenal - Bournemouth Chelsea - Tottenham Hotspur Crystal Palace - Manchester United Fiorentina - Atalanta Heart of Midlothian FC - Celtic FC Liverpool - Watford Manchester City - West Ham United Racing Club - Corinthians Rangers FC - Dundee FC Real Madrid - Barcelona Valencia - Real Betis
SHARE THIS
Mind-blindness is a concept of a cognitive divergence where an individual is unable to attribute mental states to others. As a result of this kind of social[1] and empathetic cognitive phenomenon, the individual is incapable of putting themselves "into someone else's shoes" and cannot conceptualize, understand or predict knowledge, thoughts and beliefs, emotions, feelings and desires, behaviour, actions and intentions of another person.[2] Such an ability to develop a mental awareness of what is in the other minds is known as the theory of mind (ToM),[3] and the "mind-blindness" theory asserts that children who delay in this development often are or will be autistic.[4][5] In addition to autism, ToM and mind-blindness research has recently been extended to other fields such as schizophrenia, dementia, bipolar disorders, antisocial personality disorders as well as normal aging.[6]
Relevance and causes [ edit ]
Theory of mind [ edit ]
Mind-blindness is a state where the ToM has not been developed, or has been lost in an individual. According to the theory, ToM is implicit in neurotypical individuals. This enables one to make automatic interpretations of events taking into consideration the mental states of people, their desires and beliefs. Simon Baron-Cohen described how an individual lacking a ToM would perceive the world in a confusing and frightening manner, leading to a withdrawal from society.[7]
An alternative approach to the social impairment observed in mind-blindness focuses on the emotion of subjects. Based on empirical evidence, Uta Frith concluded that the processing of complex cognitive emotions is impaired compared to simpler emotions. In addition, attachment does not seem to fail in the early childhood of autistics. This suggests that emotion is a component of social cognition that is separable from mentalizing.[1]
Lombardo and Cohen updated the theory and pinpointed some additional factors that play an important part in ToM of autistic people. They highlighted that the middle cingulate cortex which is outside the traditional mentalizing region was underactive in autistic patients, while the rest of ToM activation was normal. This region was important in deciding how much to invest in a person and hence required mentalization.[8]
Biological basis [ edit ]
Neural correlates of the ToM point towards three regions of the brains. The anterior paracingulate cortex (Brodmann), is considered at the key region of mentalizing. It is located anterior corpus callosum and the anterior cingulate cortex. This cortex is associated with the medial frontal cortex where activation is associated with the mentalization of states. The cells of the ACC develops at the age of 4 months suggesting that the manifestations of mind-blindness may occur around this time.[2]
In addition to the anterior paracingulate cortex is the superior temporal sulcus and the temporal poles that are involved with the ToM and its nature. However, these areas are not uniquely associated with mentalization. They aid in the activation of the regions that are associated with the ToM. The superior temporal sulcus is involved in the processing of behavioural information while the temporal poles are involved in the retrieval of personal experiences. These are considered important regions for the activation of the ToM regions and are associated with the mind-blindness. The temporal poles provide personal experiences for mentalization such as facial recognition, emotional memory and familiar voices. In patients suffering from semantic dementia, the temporal regions of these patients undergo atrophy and lead to certain deficits which can cause mind-blindness.[2]
Superior temporal sulcus
The amygdala and the orbitofrontal cortex also are a part of the ToM. It is in involved in the interpretation of behaviour which plays an important role in social cognition and therefore contributes to the theory of the mind. It is suspected that the damage to the orbitofrontal cortex brings upon subtle impairments, but not a total loss of the ToM that would to mind-blindness.[2] Some studies[citation needed] have shown that the orbitofrontal cortex is not directly associated with the theory of the mind or mind-blindness. However, a study by Stone and colleagues were able to show impaired ToM on mentalisation tasks.[9]
Since the frontal lobe is associated with executive function, researchers theorize that the frontal lobe plays an important role in ToM and its associated nature. It has also been suggested that the executive function and the theory of mind share the same regions.[10] Despite the fact that ToM and mind-blindness can explain executive function deficits, it is argued that autism is not identified with the failure of the executive function.[11]
Lesion studies show that when lesions are imposed to the medial frontal lobe, performance on mentalization tasks is reduced, similar to typical mind-blindness cases.[12] Patients that experienced frontal lobe injuries due to severe head trauma showed signs of mind blindness, as a result of a lost ToM. However, it is still debated whether the inactivation of the medial frontal lobe is involved in mind-blindness.[13]
Frith and Frith proposed that a neural network that comprised the medial prefrontal cortex, the anterior cingulate cortex and the STS, is crucial for the normal functioning of ToM and self monitoring. This so formed dorsal system is crucial for social cognition. Disruption of this neural network leads to mind-blindness in schizophrenic individuals.[14]
Another clue towards a possible explanation of mind-blindness in autistics was done by Castelli and colleagues. They were able to show that the connectivity between occipital and the temporo-parietal regions were weaker in the autistic group than the control group. The under activation of this network may inhibit the interactive influences between regions that process higher and lower perceptual items.[1]
Relationship to diagnostic criteria [ edit ]
Relationship to autism [ edit ]
Mind-blindness is usually associated with autistic people. Lower performance on the mentalization tasks were the first screening task used to diagnose the autism, with a good prediction level.[1]
Cohen proposed the mind-blindness theory of autism as "deficits in the normal process of empathising". They described empathising to include the ToM, mind reading and taking an intentional stance. According to this view empathising includes the ability to attribute mental states and to react in an appropriate emotional manner which is appropriate to another's mental state. More deficits tend to occur in reference to one's own mental states compared to the other's mental states. It has been proposed that autistic people undergo a specific developmental delay in the area of metarepresentational development. The delay facilitates mind-blindness.[15]
There is some evidence that suggests that certain patients develop a rudimentary ToM and do not suffer from complete lack of ToM causing mind-blindness.[15] A study by Bowler concluded that mind-blindness and social impairment is not as straightforward as previously thought. It showed that a complete possession of ToM was not enough to protect from social impairments in autistic people. Conversely the absence or impairment of the ToM that leads to mind-blindness does not lead to social impairments.[16]
The social and cognitive differences seen in autistic people are often attributed to mind blindness. Abnormal behaviour of autistic children is perceived to include a lack of reciprocity. Some cases in which mind-blindness manifests includes the child being totally withdrawn from social settings as well as not being able to make eye contact, while in other cases the individual may attempt to interact with other people. However, global asocial behaviour is not the rule in autism. Cohen described the cognitive/mind-blindness effects in autistic people as a "triad of deficits." The triad consists of deficits in social, communication and imagination of others' minds.[15]
Ozonoff and colleagues were able to discriminate between autistic people diagnosed with Asperger's syndrome and other autistic people by their ability to solve ToM tasks. It is because those diagnosed with AS seem more neurotypical in early childhood development. The siblings of individuals diagnosed with AS were shown to have a lesser variant of ToM deficits. This shows that the cognitive deficits affecting ToM play a central role in the phenotype expressed in AS diagnoses.[17]
Relationship to schizophrenia [ edit ]
People with schizophrenia also show deficits associated with mind-blindness.[3] However, there is an ongoing debate as to whether individuals with schizophrenia have an impaired ToM leading to mind-blindness or display an exaggerated ToM. Unlike autism, schizophrenia is a late onset condition. It is speculated that this difference in the condition may account for differences seen in the ToM abilities.[18] Brain lesion studies show that there are differences seen in the laterality of brain that account for mind-blindness. It is unknown whether the ToM in schizophrenia deteriorates in the affected person as the condition progresses.[6]
The cognitive impairment linked to mind-blindness is best explained by a modular theory; the domain specific capabilities that account for mindreading and mentalization are lost in schizophrenia. Furthermore, Frith has predicted that the extent of mind-blindness depends on whether the objective/behavioural or subjective symptoms of ToM abilities prevail.[1] Patients with the behavioural symptoms perform the poorest in ToM tasks, similar to autistic subjects, while patients displaying subjective/experiential symptoms have a ToM. However, these patients are impaired in using contextual information to infer what these mental states are.[6]
Criticism [ edit ]
The mind-blindness theory helps to explain the impairment in the social development of individuals as well as the impairment in the communication skills of autistics. However one of the most important limitations of this theory is that it is unable to explain the highly repetitive behaviours which is a characteristic trait attributed to autistic people. This triad is explained through the process of systemising.[15] The theory also did not account for the motor problems and the superior rote memory skills that were associated with autism.[1] These aspects along with the highly repetitive behaviours formed the triad of strengths. Simon Baron-Cohen themselves has acknowledged that the theory, while adept at explaining the communications difficulties experienced by autistic people, fails to explain such patients' penchants for narrowly defined interests, an important step to proper diagnosis. Furthermore, mind-blindness seems decidedly non-unique to autistic people, since conditions ranging from schizophrenia to various narcissistic personality disorders and/or anti-social personality disorders all exhibit mind-blindness to some degree.[4]
Another issue associated with the mind-blindness theory is that researchers are unable to predict whether the social deficits are a primary or secondary result of mind-blindness. In addition, Klin and their fellow researchers highlighted another limitation that was that the mind-blindness theory failed to delineate whether the ToM deficits are a generalised deficit or a specific discrete of a mechanism.[19] Stuart Shanker also argued in favour of Klin's argument, that a major part of the mind-blindness theory depicts the ToM as an autonomous cognitive capacity compared to being part of a more general ability for reflective thinking and empathy.[20]
A boy with autism, obsessively stacking cans.
Other researchers have pointed out the inherent flaws of assuming autistic traits develops from a "theory of mind" deficit, pointing out that this presupposes autistic traits derives from a single, core insufficiency within the brain. This contrasts, they say, with the very same researchers' description of autism as a "puzzle", which implies a far more diverse range of causes than a single, unifying theory.[21]
Many have also pointed out that Mind-blindness wrongly categorizes autism as a problem to be fixed, rather than a condition to be accommodated. This assumes an inherent lack of intelligence in autistic people, which ignores the nuanced view of intelligence (as in varying types of intelligence) that has been observed in cognitive research.[21]
The drawbacks in the Mind-blindness theory of autistic people paved way for the E-S theory which helps to explain the observations seen in these individuals. The E-S theory accounts for both the triad of deficits which is the loss of empathising and the triad of strengths is related to hyper systemisation of certain behaviours. The theory also helps to explain the exaggerated male spectrum termed as the extreme male behavior.[22]
See also [ edit ]
Citations [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Old-ish news made new again by the Daily Show's much-retweeted Vine alleging to show "50 Fox News Lies in 50 Seconds."
I'm just focusing on one, relevant to a longer piece I'm working on regarding defensive use of guns in America and the debate over whether weapons are just too dangerous to be of any "social value."
The folk at Politifact decided to back up the Daily Show with their documentation of the alleged lies, and here's what they said about Tucker Carlson declaring on Fox last August 19 that "Far more children died last year drowning in their bathtubs than were killed accidentally by guns."
The Politifact folk give this their harshest assessment: "Pants on Fire." A total lie. Nothing to be argued about or debated.
And here is the data they provide to back it up:
As the following table shows, total deaths for children 17 and under due to drowning in a bathtub were 95 in 2011, the latest year the numbers are available. Total deaths from accidental gun shots were 102. The one age range where Carlson might be able to make a case is for children 0 to 4 years old. For that group, 73 died in a bathtub and 29 were killed by guns. But in every other age group, guns are more deadly than bathtubs. Age Drowned in a bathtub Accidental gunfire 15-17 years 7 28 10-14 years 12 29 5-9 years 3 16 0-4 years 71 29 Total 93 102 Carlson didn't say what age children they had in mind, but in the context of the story they were responding to — and their rhetorical question about something "I want to know before I let my child go over to your house" — this is not about children under 4 years old. Parents don't let toddlers "go over" to a friend's house. For that age range, Carlson's comparison is off by a factor of three. Bathtubs caused 22 deaths for kids 5 and older and guns caused 73 deaths.
The divisions of year ranges are totally arbitrary, note. And also note Politifact claims "The one age range where Carlson might be able to make a case is for children 0 to 4 years old" because that is an arbitrary division the chart makes.
But those of us who can add all the different categories will see that Carlson's statement was true for those 0-14, not just 0-4—the only age range of the ill-defined term "kids" who is a one would imagine are particularly vulnerable to tub drowning.
For kids 0-14, from their own numbers, we see 86 tub drowning deaths and 74 accidental gunshot deaths—making tubs 16 percent more deadly than gun accidents for that age group.
Only by bringing in older teens 15-17 do they make Carlson's statement wrong, since for the totality of the 0-17 age group, gun accidents are 9.6 percent more deadly than tubs
Rather than Politifact saying, well, if by "kids" you mean under 14 15, he's absolutely right with their obviously underdefined statement, but if you define "kids" as up to 17, then he's a "pants on fire" liar.
And their own presentation of the facts has a blatant lie, claiming that the "one" age range in which Carlson "might be able to make a case" is 0-4, because that's one of the chart's arbitrary age ranges. I love the "might," instead of outright saying "he's totally right about that age range." He's also totally right about the entire 0-14 age range.
Politifact: bringing you the political facts.
Everest has always been a trophy, but now that almost 4,000 people have reached its summit, some more than once, the feat means less than it did a half century ago. Today roughly 90 percent of the climbers on Everest are guided clients, many without basic climbing skills. Having paid $30,000 to $120,000 to be on the mountain, too many callowly expect to reach the summit. A significant number does, but under appalling conditions. The two standard routes, the Northeast Ridge and the Southeast Ridge, are not only dangerously crowded but also disgustingly polluted, with garbage leaking out of the glaciers and pyramids of human excrement befouling the high camps. And then there are the deaths. Besides the four climbers who perished on the Southeast Ridge, six others lost their lives in 2012, including three Sherpas.
Clearly the world's highest peak is broken. But if you talk to the people who know it best, they'll tell you it's not beyond repair.
BERLIN — German prosecutors searched the offices of Daimler, the automaker that produces Mercedes cars, on Tuesday as part of an investigation into whether the company improperly evaded emissions rules.
The raids signal a deepening inquiry into Daimler, which had already said that several federal and state authorities in Europe and the United States were investigating the emissions control systems used in Mercedes-Benz vehicles.
Daimler is one of several European automakers that have attracted the attention of regulators on both sides of the Atlantic over emissions standards.
Most notably, Volkswagen has had to pay billions of dollars in settlements and fines over diesel deception, and several of its executives have been investigated or charged. More recently, Fiat Chrysler Automobiles held talks with the Department of Justice to settle an investigation into a similar scandal, although the financial damage was not expected to be as severe as it was in Volkswagen's case.
Defense officials still struggle to get accurate data on the number of active-duty service members who are using food assistance programs, such as SNAP and WIC, according to government auditors.
And this lack of information could be affecting troops in need, auditors said.
Without more complete data, DoD won't know the prevalence of need among service members in order to effectively target support to these troops. More complete data could also help DoD decide whether it should assign "department-level responsibility" for monitoring food assistance and needs, according to the July 15 report from the Government Accountability Office. Currently, no office in DoD is monitoring food assistance needs, according to GAO.
The auditors recommend that DoD revise surveys of service members to collect and analyze more complete data. Defense officials agreed with that recommendation in their response to the report.
GAO looked into various available data about military use of food assistance programs. They found:
In the continental U.S., 24 percent of students attending Department of Defense schools on military bases were eligible for free school meals, and another 21 percent were eligible for reduced-price meals.
Army Emergency Relief provided $2.3 million in food assistance to active-duty service members in calendar year 2015; and the Air Force Aid Society provided $300,000 in food assistance that year.
Active-duty service members used more than $21 million in SNAP benefits from September 2014 through August 2015 in commissaries. SNAP — Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program — was previously known as "food stamps" and is administered by the Department of Agriculture.
But the GAO report didn't include information on the number of active-duty service members involved in redeeming that $21 million in SNAP benefits at commissaries. Nor did it provide information about what percentage of active-duty commissary shoppers are using SNAP benefits. A commissary spokesperson said the agency doesn't track SNAP use separated by rank or status, such as active duty or reserve.
× Fear of missing out? Fear no longer. Be the first to hear about breaking news, as it happens. You'll get alerts delivered directly to your inbox each time something noteworthy happens in the Military community. Thanks for signing up. By giving us your email, you are opting in to our Newsletter: Sign up for the Early Bird Brief
According to Census Bureau data from 2013, about 23,000 active-duty members had received SNAP benefits within the previous 12 months, but one of the caveats was that the data didn't exclude those who had received SNAP benefits before joining the military.
Commissary statistics provide only a portion of the picture, because some active-duty members and their families also shop outside the gates. DoD and USDA should share data about SNAP use, the auditors stated.
In the fiscal 2016 defense policy bill, lawmakers included a provision addressing that sharing of data, but DoD doesn't have a coordination effort underway to get the data, auditors stated.
It's not for lack of trying, DoD officials said, in their response to GAO.
They've been trying for several years to get this data from USDA, according to a June 24 letter in response to the GAO report, signed by Ronald T. Keohane, deputy assistant secretary of defense for military community and family policy. The fiscal 2016 defense policy bill legislated that USDA would be allowed to disclose the information to DoD — but it doesn't mandate that USDA provide the data, Keohane stated.
The Defense Manpower Data Center has been in contact with USDA, trying to set up a data exchange agreement. "However, DMDC was unable to identify one source within the USDA to obtain the data," Keohane wrote.
The SNAP information is collected by each state. And SNAP is administered at the state level, "where interagency operability limitation between each state system and the USDA makes collecting participant data difficult," Keohane wrote in their response. They noted that the law doesn't require USDA to provide the data.
After Sept. 30, service members serving outside the United States and its territories will be eligible for the DoD Family Subsistence Supplemental Allowance (FSSA). Congress created the program in 2000 as an alternative to the SNAP program. To be eligible for FSSA, the household monthly gross income must be less than 130 percent of the federal poverty level, based on household size.
But so few service members apply for — and qualify for — the FSSA, that the Military Compensation and Retirement Modernization Commission (MCRMC) recommended in 2015 that the FSSA should be eliminated in areas where SNAP programs are available. In many cases, it's easier for service members to qualify for SNAP benefits than to qualify for FSSA, according to the MCRMC. The commission stated that of the 8,486 FSSA applications from service members nationwide in fiscal 2013, 96.6 percent were denied, with only 188 active-duty members receiving FSSA benefits in calendar 2015 .
The GAO noted that for example, in the San Diego area, an E-4 service member would have to have a minimum of nine people in the household to qualify for FSSA. To qualify for SNAP benefits there, the E-4 would have to have a household of at least seven people.
More people qualify for the Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants, and Children (WIC), because the income threshold is higher. That San Diego E-4 could qualify for WIC with a three-person household. WIC provides supplemental, nutrient-rich foods and nutrition education to low-income infants, children and women who are pregnant, postpartum and breastfeeding.
The auditors found that a service member's income eligibility for most food assistance programs will vary based on the location and the requirements for the individual programs. In addition to Naval Base San Diego, they visited Camp Pendleton, California; Fort Hood, Texas; and Altus Air Force Base, Oklahoma. Officials at those installations cited challenges affecting service members such as limited awareness of some programs, stigmas associated with receiving food assistance, and misconceptions about military compensation and the ability of service members to qualify for assistance.
At the four installations, auditors visited volunteer-run food pantries and food distribution sites of varying sizes. Not all track the number of individuals served, but the manager of one of the four food pantries that distributes food around Camp Pendleton said that operation alone serves about 400 to 500 military families a month.
A screenshot from the video game Tuebor, which is being developed by Lansing-based Strength in Numbers Studios. The game will incporate evolving AI developed by MSU assistant professor Arend Hintze, which allows it to adapt its strategy to player behavior. (Photo: Courtesy photo)
LANSING – Imagine playing a video game that could learn your strategies.
Say your team is defending against a scourge of computer-controlled enemies. The first few waves of bad guys rush straight in your line of fire. The next day, you find the enemy dodging and flanking you. The artificial intelligence, or AI, has adapted to your strategies and will continue to do so throughout the game, creating different experiences over time.
That's exactly the sort of experience the Lansing-made video game "Tuebor" will offer when the cooperative multiplayer action game is released across all gaming platforms this spring.
Lansing independent game developer Strength in Numbers Studios has teamed up with Arend Hintze, a professor in the departments of integrative biology and of computer science and engineering at Michigan State University, who developed the AI.
“The most core thing here is that it will make the AI better,” said Hintze, who has been working with the studio since January. “We're evolving the computer AI against the player.”
This evolving AI, dubbed the “Hintze Machine” by the studio, will be incorporated into all four game types used in "Tuebor", which include a survival mode, where players try to last the longest against each other and the computer-controlled enemies; a last stand mode, where a team of six players will defend a base against waves of enemies; a core breach mode, where players battle each other and are given squads of non-player characters to control and fight for them; and a mode where three competing player teams will fend off enemies and sabotage one another in an attempt to get to the resources in the middle of the map.
The AI will be programmed with a variety of behaviors, allowing it to choose how to respond to situations the players put it in, Hintze said. The system will be able to collect information about how people play and develop the AI further. When players figure out how to defeat the AI and tell their friends about their strategy, it may not work again, they said.
Buy Photo Scott Reshke, CEO of Strength in Numbers Studios, stands next to a promotional poster for the video game “Tuebor.” The game will incorporate evolving AI developed by MSU assistant professor Arend Hintze, which adapts to players' behavior. (Photo: Alexander Alusheff/Lansing State Journal)
“This could be a game changer,” said Scott Reschke, CEO of the game studio. In most games, the challenge of the most daunting enemies is that they deal more damage and survive more damage, “but we're working to change their behavior dynamic so they come at you in different ways. At the end of the day, we're taking AI to the next level.”
In January, a Google AI program beat the European champion of the Chinese board game Go, a game considered harder than chess. Facebook Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg announced on the social media website in January that their own research team was close to developing AI that could do the same.
Hintze said this advancement is an awesome accomplishment, but not something that would translate well into video games. Google's AI will perform only the best calculated move every time, they said, instead of reacting differently.
“It's an AI we don't want,” they said. “It is super good for Go, but very boring for a massively multiplayer online game.”
"Tuebor" is set on a battle-scarred Earth in the year 7235, where humans have evolved, mutated or replaced their body parts with technology and now battle each other resources. Players will be able to unlock 30 playable heroes throughout the game as well as upgrade skills, equipment and weapons.
“It's 'Mad Max' meets 'Blade Runner' with some 'Fifth Element' mixed in,” Reschke said.
The game is a result of the culmination of 500,000 hours of aggregated game-time statistics from players of all demographics who visited Reschke's cyber-café in East Lansing called the Frag Center, which closed in 2010. In Latin, Tuebor means, “I will defend,” a word which appears on Michigan's state seal.
Reschke said the studio raised $1 million from investors to develop what they call the first stage of the game. The game could be expanded if successful upon release. If the evolving AI is successful, then Reschke said they could license the Hintze Machine to other studios to better their games.
“For an indie studio, this is really cool,” Reschke said. “Our chance to survive in the industry is a lot greater when we incorporate this AI in.”
Buy Photo Arend Hintze, an assistant professor at Michigan State University right, watches as Paul Seyforth, left, and Shane McCloskey, center, program visual effects into the video game “Tuebor.” Hintze developed artificial intelligence that adapts to players' behaviors, which will be incorporated into the game. (Photo: Alexander Alusheff/Lansing State Journal)
Contact Alexander Alusheff at (517) 388-5973 or aalusheff@lsj.com. Follow them on Twitter @alexalusheff.
About Tuebor
Developer: Strength in Numbers Studios
Release date: Spring 2016
Platforms: PC, Xbox One, PS4
Website: http://tueborgame.com/
Read or Share this story: http://on.lsj.com/1Tl4NZX
Image copyright Al-Jazeera Image caption Detained Al-Jazeera English journalists (left to right) Baher Mohamed, Mohamed Fahmy and Peter Greste
More than 40 journalists and editors have signed a statement demanding the immediate release of three al-Jazeera colleagues accused of helping the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt.
Senior figures from the BBC, New York Times and CNN are among the signatories.
Peter Greste, Mohamed Fadel Fahmy, and Baher Mohamed were detained by Egyptian authorities on 29 December.
The letter calls for an end to their "arbitrary imprisonment".
It also calls for the release of fellow journalists, some of whom have been held in Egypt for over five months.
"The arrest of these journalists has cast a cloud over press and media freedom in Egypt," the letter says.
"We strongly believe that upholding the rights of journalists and permitting the free flow of information is vital to bringing about greater understanding and serves the best interests of all Egyptians and the world."
The BBC's Middle East editor Jeremy Bowen and chief international correspondent Lyse Doucet are among the senior media figures who have signed the statement.
They also include CNN's chief international correspondent Christiane Amanpour, Associated Press senior managing editor for international news John Daniszewski, the New York Times international editor Joseph Kahn and the Middle East bureau chief for the Economist, Max Rodenbeck.
'False news'
Mr Greste, Mr Fahmy and Mr Mohamed were remanded in custody for 15 days on 31 December, and their detention was extended for a further 15 days last Thursday.
They are being held in "harsh prison conditions", says a news release accompanying the statement.
No charges have been brought, but reports suggest the men are accused by prosecutors of belonging to an illegal terrorist group - the Muslim Brotherhood - and helping promote its objectives.
They are also accused of broadcasting "false news... that undermines the national interest".
At least five other journalists have been detained for over five months in Egypt, says the Committee to Protect Journalists - Metin Turkan of Turkish Radio and Television Corporation; Abdullah Al-Shamy and Mohamed Badr of al-Jazeera; Mahmoud Abdel Nabi of Rassd Online News; and freelance photographer Mahmoud Abou Zeid.
Al-Jazeera spokesperson Ghassan Abu Hussein has called the journalists' detention an attempt "to stigmatise us, and further incite violence against our journalists working on the ground".
Egyptian authorities have accused al-Jazeera of bias in favour of the Muslim Brotherhood since the army overthrew President Mohammed Morsi in July.
MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian and U.S. air forces held a joint training exercise in Syria on Tuesday meant to prevent dangerous encounters between their aircraft, Russia's defense ministry said.
Syria's skies have become increasingly crowded since Russia on Sept. 30 joined the Syrian air force in bombing insurgent targets, while a U.S.-led coalition pursues a separate air strike campaign in the country's civil war.
"There was a joint exercise with air crews and ground troops from the Russian and U.S. air forces," General Andrei Kartapolov said in a statement.
They said the exercise entailed Russian and coalition jets practicing close encounters in a special zone at a minimum distance of three aeronautical miles. Crews practiced communicating in English and Russian, they added.
Kartapolov also said Russia and Israel, Syria's neighbor to the southwest, were informing each other continually on the situation in Syrian airspace.
(Reporting by Polina Devitt; Editing by Jack Stubbs and Mark Heinrich)
A congressional hearing in Lower Manhattan stirred memories of 9/11 Tuesday, with NYPD Commissioner William Bratton and former Mayor Rudy Giuliani testifying."Mr. Chairman, it's a great honor for me to be here. This is not just a museum, it's sacred ground," Former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani said.In the shadow of hallowed artifacts from 9/11, Former Mayor Giuliani was the first to address the House Committee on Homeland Security taking stock of the lessons we've learned since and just how prepared we are for the next threat."I do think in our city the state of preparedness is about as good as it can be," Former Mayor Giuliani said."I feel very secure in what the NYPD, and the FDNY, and the Port Authority Police have done," Rep. Peter King, (R) New York said.Part of that readiness is recognizing how the threat has changed."Many of these new threats are all internet driven," a committee member said.Police Commissioner William Bratton acknowledges the growing viral threat, and is making the point that so-called "lone wolves", inspired by terror groups like ISIS via social media, present a huge challenge."It's a Pandora's box, areas of terrorism," Police Commissioner Bratton said.This hearing just days before the 14th anniversary of the terror attacks also focused on the human toll of 9/11, with many stressing the importance of continuing to care for those who were there when the country needed them most."It's up to you members of Congress to speak up and support the Zadroga Bill," said Lee Lelpi, of the September 11th Families Association.
When Chicago Bears cornerback Charles "Peanut" Tillman was asked for an autograph at a recent charity event, a nice moment turned into just another log on the fire of their team's rivalry with the Green Bay Packers.
Tillman was stationed at a Chicago-area sporting goods store to promote their charity, Cornerstone Foundation. When the store owner's daughter, tucked away doing their math homework, asked Tillman to sign their assigment sheet, they obliged but was thrown for a loop when they scanned the page.
The pro-Packers math problem that prompted Bears cornerback Charles Tillman to write a letter to a Chicago-area teacher.
Per Deadspin, it read as follows:
"The Packers play the Bears 4 times in two seasons. The Packers, being a much better team, have an 80% chance of winning each game. What is the probability that the Bears win all four games? What is the probability that the Bears win at least one game?"
Parental alert: Packers-tilted brainwashing unfolds in Chicago-area classrooms!
Tillman fulfilled the girl's request for an autograph, with a special message for their middle-school math instructor, John Amrein, who cooked up the brain bender:
Mr. Amrein,
This is Charles "Peanut" Tillman of the Chicago Bears and I'm shocked that you would have a problem like this for your students. The probability that the Bears would win in my opinion is 100%. Please do not and I repeat DO NOT send them home with math homework that is disrespectful to our team, city and our beloved Chicago Bears.
Your All Pro Corner
Charles "Peanut" Tillman
33
Geaux Bears
P.S. Bear Down
Somebody in this story needs to brush up on their math skills. You tell us who.
ARROGANT, selfish and an inflated sense of self-worth. All these things have been leveled at Daniel Sturridge in recent times, but even more so after reports started that their 3 and a half year spell at Chelsea was to come to an end, with a £12m move to Liverpool. Are these tags fair? And just how good is the left footed forward?
When news broke that Liverpool were to sign another young British player for a significant transfer fee, several ex-players and media pundits had their say on the matter. Stan Collymore used their newspaper column to state their belief that Sturridge is not the answer to Liverpool's goalscoring problems, and Steve Nicol told ESPN that they did not think Sturridge was the right player for Liverpool to target. Both felt that a pure number 9 in the mould of Darren Bent would be more suitable. Let's take a look at Sturridge's career this far, their suitability to Liverpool's football, and whether all the pre-conceptions about them have any merit.
After coming through the ranks at Manchester City, they left the club at the end of their contract to join Chelsea. They always maintained it was because they saw their first-team chances at City being limited by the imminent arrival of numerous big-name strikers. This did not ring true to many, especially as Chelsea had a strong striking pool, but the club had not generally been spending big money since the second summer under Mourinho, and Sturridge arrived at Chelsea as the third choice central striker. “Studge” had to bide their time under Carlo Ancelotti in that first season, making only 6 starts in all competitions. They did, however, score 4 goals in the 3 FA Cup games they started as the centre forward, and ended the season with 5 goals in total. In their second season at the club, they only started 3 games in the first half of the season, one being in the League Cup and the two others in the Champions League. They scored in both of those Champions League starts. With Fernando Torres' £50m move to the club in January, Sturridge departed on loan to Bolton. 8 league goals arrived in just 12 appearances (11 starts), and they appeared to grow up as a player. This meant that in two seasons, Sturridge had scored 15 goals in just 20 starts. What they really needed was a chance to play regularly, and that arrived under André Villas-Boas, who used Sturridge as an inverted winger on the right flank – a role similar to the one Hulk had played for Villas-Boas at Porto. The young left-footer responded to the confidence shown in him.
In their first 19 games of last season, Sturridge scored 10 goals in just 1322 minutes.
That's a goal every 1.5 games on average, which is a fantastic return from the right flank.
9 of those goals came in the Premier League, so it's not as if their total was inflated by goals in the Carling Cup.
They scored 7 of those 10 goals away from home.
Their goals came against Sunderland (A), Bolton (A), Everton (H), Everton (A), Wolves (H), Newcastle (A), Liverpool (H), Wigan (A) and Tottenham (A). They were scoring goals against strong opposition.
Of those 10 goals, 2 were equalisers, 3 were the first goal in games, and 2 proved to be the match winning goals. Again, they were not scoring the the 4'th or 5'th goal in a comfortable win.
After this, with the side struggling, Villas-Boas changed tactics. They switched to a much deeper defensive line, no pressing high up the pitch, and asked the wide players to drop far deeper, instead of pressing the opposition fullbacks as before. This was not a role that suited Sturridge, and their goals unsurprisingly dried up. After Roberto Di Matteo took over as manager, the wide players were required to do even more defensive work. Sturridge lost their place in the first-choice XI. Although they started 10 games under the Italian, it was usually wide on the left, and in a completely changed lineup as Chelsea rested players for the Champions League. Sturridge ended the season with 13 goals and 9 assists. They were Chelsea's top scorer in all competitions from open-play. This was despite only playing 45 minutes as a central striker all season. That start was at Blackburn in the league, but they were moved back to the flank at half-time after Florent Malouda's poor performance. Faith was instead shown in Fernando Torres, despite a 25-hour run without a goal.
Although they have always been an extremely direct player, often dribbling or shooting instead of passing, their reputation appeared to reach a tipping point after an FA Cup game against Leicester. With Chelsea cruising to victory, Sturridge spent the last 30 minutes shooting from every angle, and ignoring better placed teammates. Although this is something that had been seen on occasion in the past, a raft of “Sturridge is selfish” articles and blog posts were published after the game. What people did not realise was that Sturridge had been wearing a “Pray 4 Muamba” shirt and had been desperate to score to pay tribute to their friend. No matter, the damage to their reputation was irreversible.
If people bothered to delve a bit deeper, they would remember their superb wing-play to beat Gaël Clichy and then Patrice Evra to set up goals in crucial home games against the Manchester clubs.
Off the field, Sturridge is an excellent professional who has had a good upbringing. In 2010, they made it clear in an interview that they prefer quiet evenings with their girlfriend rather than going out partying:
My girlfriend is a drama student so I rehearse lines with them We go to watch a lot of shows together. I'm not like everyone else. I only have one girlfriend, I don't go out to clubs and go drinking.
This season has practically been a write-off for them after a severe case of Meningitis meant they had no real preseason before the Olympics. They had the occasional appearance from the substitutes bench, but only one start in the Capital One Cup and one in the Premier League. After starting on the wing, and then moving up front in the league defeat at West Brom, Sturridge missed a couple of gilt-edge chances. However, their absolutely sublime movement impressed everyone, and they appeared in line to start the crucial Champions League fixture in Turin against Juventus. However, they injured their hamstring the day before the game and was ruled out for a number of weeks. This was their second serious hamstring injury of the season – hardly surprising considering their lack of preseason training.
It will interest to see where Sturridge fits in at Liverpool. Click below to read page 2.
Muchana, a Kansas City accessories company that works with artists in Ecuador, is supporting the earthquake relief effort by donating $2 from each of its bracelets' sales directly to the UNICEF Ecuador Relief Fund.
Bracelets range in price between $3 and $5 and ship for free from its headquarters in Kansas City.
RELATED | Heart to Heart International sends team to help Ecuador earthquake victims
There are two bracelet styles to choose from, including a Kansas City-themed bracelet that features a heart. All bracelets are handmade in Ecuador.
“We put together this donation campaign to do our part in helping with the earthquake relief efforts in Ecuador,” said Katie Garcia, Muchana owner. “The damage on Ecuador is stunning. There are many people without water and power and many people still missing. Our artists support our business by creating beautiful handmade pieces for us and now we want to send the love back to them in Ecuador.”
You can buy one of these bracelets by clicking here.
------
Alyson Bruner can be reached at alyson.bruner@kshb.com.
Follow them on Twitter:
Follow @AlysonBruner
Connect on Facebook:
MINNEAPOLIS -- Joe Juranitch -- the man who spent the past 21 seasons as Ragnar, the Minnesota Vikings' "human mascot" -- decided to speak out with their side of the story about their contract dispute with the team this week. And the element of the story that drew the most attention -- Juranitch's request for $20,000 per game -- has been misrepresented, Juranitch told ESPN.com.
Juranitch said the Vikings informed them in August that they'd planned to retire them in 2015, adding they might bring them back for a playoff game or another special appearance in 2015. Juranitch said he'd begun seasons without a contract before, but once the Vikings did not send them credentials for their home opener last Sunday, Juranitch's wife suggested they take a picture of themselves in their costume and post it to their Facebook page, informing fans they aren't at the game.
Joe Juranitch, who spent the last 21 seasons as Ragnar, hasn't given up on the idea that he'll be at Sunday's Vikings game. Doug Pensinger/Getty Images
It wasn't until Monday, Juranitch said, that the Vikings asked them to submit a proposal for the 2015 season. And when they asked for $20,000 per game, they were working under the assumption they were starting a negotiation for one or two appearances in 2015, rather than a deal that would have paid them $160,000 for an eight-game regular season.
"Based on them telling me my role is going to be limited, that's what I based the contract on," Juranitch said. "If the sticker price on a car says one thing, you negotiate it. They didn't negotiate anything. I even said, 'You can take the structure of the contract and plug your own numbers in.' They said, 'We wouldn't be interested in that.'
"I sent it over to them about 5 o'clock Monday; they said, 'We can't accept this contract.' They went ahead and released everything that you saw. I was flabbergasted. I called them Tuesday and said, 'Is there anything salvageable on this contract?' They said no."
The 54-year-old from Ely, Minnesota, who made about $1,500 per game last season, admitted they made a mistake by asking for too much money, adding they would leave any future negotiations to a lawyer or agent. If the Vikings stick with their decision not to bring them back, they said, he'd be open to continuing their character if there's interested in it, though they added, "Where am I really going to go? To a high school known as the Vikings?"
Juranitch said the Vikings never gave them a clear reason for their plan to retire them and added they hadn't heard from the Vikings since they rejected their proposal on Tuesday. However, they said, "I believe you'll see me on Sunday" when the Vikings play the San Diego Chargers at home.
"I think you're going to see me on the field Sunday, I really do," Juranitch said. "If not, here's what I will tell everybody: I will still respect their decision. I will be sad; all I'd like to see is my legacy continue. I've been carrying that axe for however many years that my father and I designed and made it. Is that going to end up in a corner all dusty? I'd like to see it in the stadium.
"After 21 years of building this character, with my wife by my side at every single game, to watch them cry and tear up over me feeling bad, it's like, 'Wow, is this how it's going to end?' If it is, so be it. If not, let's put the past behind us and move forward."
A Vikings spokesperson declined comment beyond the statement the team made on Monday, which said the team had not been able to reach an agreement with Juranitch after multiple conversations with him, and thanked Juranitch for their 21 years with the team.
NVIDIA is making VR more immersive, and VR development easier, with the release of VR audio and 360-degree video stitching as part of our VRWorks software development kit.
Released at the GPU Technology Conference, kicking off today at the San Jose Convention Center, the VRWorks Audio SDK provides real-time ray tracing of audio in virtual environments, and is supported in Epic's Unreal Engine 4. The VRWorks 360 Video SDK addresses the complex challenge of real-time video stitching.
VRWorks Audio for Physically Accurate Audio
Traditional VR audio provides an accurate 3D position of the audio source within a virtual environment. However, sound in the real world reflects more than just the location of the source — it's also a function of the dimensions and material properties of the physical environment.
NVIDIA VRWorks Audio helps create a truly immersive environment by modeling sound propagation phenomena, such as reflection, refraction and diffraction. And it does so in real time, thanks to the massive processing power of GPUs.
Using NVIDIA OptiX ray-tracing technology, VRWorks Audio traces the path of sound in real time, delivering physically accurate audio that reflects the size, shape and material properties of the virtual environment.
It's the only hardware-accelerated and path-traced audio solution that creates a complete acoustic image of the environment in real time without requiring any “pre-baked” knowledge of the scene. As the scene is loaded by the application, the acoustic model is built and updated on the fly. And audio effect filters are generated and applied on the sound source waveforms.
The software release consists of a set of C-APIs for integration into any engine or application, and an integration for Epic's Unreal Engine 4 that's now available on GitHub.
GTC attendees can visit the VR Village to experience a live demonstration of VRWorks Audio technology, as well as the SDK integrated into OPTIS' HIM VR design application.
Come hear the difference!
VRWorks 360 Video for Real-Time Stitching
Also at GTC, we're releasing the first public beta of the VRWorks 360 Video SDK, which enables real-time 4K 360 video capture, stitching and streaming.
In addition, we're demoing an upcoming release of the VRWorks 360 Video SDK that enables real-time stitching in stereo. Using two Quadro P6000 GPUs, the SDK can stitch eight 4K cameras in stereo as demonstrated with Z CAM's V1 PRO VR camera system.
“The fact that NVIDIA manages to stitch 4K 360 stereoscopic video in real time, making livestreaming possible, changes the production pipeline and enables entirely new use cases in VR,” said Kinson Loo, CEO of Z CAM.
The NVIDIA VRWorks 360 Video and Audio SDKs are available for all developers to download from developer.nvidia.com/vr. VRWorks 360 Video SDK for mono is available now as a public beta. VRWorks 360 Video SDK for stereo will be released soon.
LOS ANGELES/BOSTON (Reuters) - Forensics experts hired by Sony Corp to investigate the massive cyberattack at its Hollywood studio said the breach was unprecedented, well-planned and carried out by an “organized group,” according to an email obtained by Reuters on Saturday.
A hand is silhouetted in front of a computer screen in this picture illustration taken in Berlin May 21, 2013. REUTERS/Pawel Kopczynski
Kevin Mandia, the top executive at FireEye Inc's Mandiant forensics unit, made the comments in an email to Michael Lynton, chief executive of Sony Pictures Entertainment (SPE).
They are among the first comments about the investigation to be made public, yet they do not discuss what people most want to know: The extent of the damage to the studio's network or who was behind the campaign, the most destructive cyberattack reported to date against a company on U.S. soil.
The destructive attack knocked much of Sony's network off line with malware that wipes drives of PCs, making them unable to operate. It is expensive to repair them because each drive needs to be manually replaced or re-imaged.
People close to the investigation have told Reuters that North Korea is a principal suspect, yet a North Korean diplomat has denied that their nation is involved.
Lynton forwarded a message from Mandia to employees.
Mandia, whose firm has probed some of the biggest cyberattacks to date, said in their email that “The scope of this attack differs from any we have responded to in the past, as its purpose was to both destroy property and release confidential information to the public.”
They added that “The bottom line is that this was an unparalleled and well planned crime, carried out by an organized group, for which neither SPE nor other companies could have been fully prepared.”
FBI spokesperson Joshua Campbell said the agency concurred with Mandiant's analysis the attack went undetected by standard anti virus software, but declined to discuss progress in the agency's investigation.
Daniel Clemens, chief executive of boutique cybersecurity firm PacketNinjas, said that while the attack was unprecedented in impact, “There are many things Sony could have done to prepare and defend against this attack.”
They added that if the government launches probes into the breach, they are likely to find that Sony did not have all necessary safeguards in place to fend off and uncover hackers.
LittleBigPlanet 3's lineup of sack-like heroes includes newcomers Swoop, Oddsock and Toggle, but they weren't the only ones created during the conceptual process, according to a post on the PlayStation Blog Europe.
During a recent interview, XDev's Pete Smith explained that every character began as a silhouette; each needed to have personality, be customizable, feel like it belonged in the world and be "game changers." Among those ideas discarded was a character named Sackworm, who "didn't last too long before they found themselves on the cutting floor."
According to Smith, the new characters are all instantly recognizable from each other and strike a perfect balance.
With Swoop, a flying bird, players can pick up objects and characters and reach tricky locations. Oddsock is a four-legged, almost dog-like character that can wall jump and slide with speed.
"Once you play the Oddsock levels and start nailing your jumps, it's really fluid and much quicker than the familiar LBP gameplay," Smith said. "It's a very different experience — we didn't just want them to be Sackboy on four legs, we wanted them to be their own unique character."
The last character, Toggle, can be big or small at the discretion of the player.
"What we like in LBP is that we want everything to be very intuitive, so when he's big he's strong and heavy, and when he's small he's light and quick — it's obvious," Smith said. "When you play the game it feels really natural. You'll instantly know where to use him, and it brings in a nice puzzle element."
LittleBigPlanet 3 was unveiled for PlayStation 3 and PlayStation 4 at Sony's E3 2014 press conference. The game is expected to launch this November.
Gianluigi Buffon previously conceded a goal in the 64th minute of Juventus' 2-1 win over Sampdoria on 10 January
Goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon broke the Serie A record for not conceding a goal as Juventus beat derby rivals Torino 4-1 to briefly go six points clear at the top of the table.
Buffon, 38, set a new mark when they prevented Torino from scoring in the opening four minutes and took the record to 973 minutes before Andrea Belotti's penalty made it 2-1.
Paul Pogba's free-kick and Sami Khedira had given Juve a 2-0 half-time lead.
Alvaro Morata then added the last two.
Juventus finished with 10 men after Khedira was sent off for dissent, but their 19th win in their last 20 league games extended their advantage over second-placed Napoli in the title race before Napoli's victory over Genoa later on Sunday restored the gap to three points.
Gianluigi Buffon joined Juventus in 2001
Alessandro Del Piero spent 19 years at Juventus
Buffon broke the record previously held by Sebastiano Rossi, who went 929 minutes without being beaten for AC Milan in 1993-94.
The Italy international had already surpassed Dino Zoff's club record after keeping a 10th successive clean sheet in the league leaders' previous game.
It took a controversially awarded penalty three minutes into the second half to end Buffon's record run as Leonardo Bonucci was penalised for bringing down Bruno Peres, despite appearing to win the ball.
Torino trailed to a superb Pogba free-kick and Khedira's calmly-taken fourth Serie A goal of the season, but briefly threatened a comeback.
However, substitute Morata, who had replaced injured top scorer Paulo Dybala, scored twice from Pogba assists to take their total for the season to 10 as Juventus bounced back from their mid-week Champions League exit to Bayern Munich.
Paul Pogba's goal was their sixth in Serie A this season
What they said
Juventus goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon: "This record belongs to the entire team and our fans.
"It also goes to my team-mates, who do all the defensive work well before the ball even gets near the goal."
Juventus coach Massimiliano Allegri shows their appreciation
Juventus coach Massimiliano Allegri: "It was a good win for us and an important one at that. We've taken a step forward.
"We have eight games to go, five of which are at home. Now we'll focus on the final straight."
Napoli hit back
Napoli secured a third successive league win as they recovered from going behind early on to beat Genoa 3-1 thanks to two more goals from the prolific Gonzalo Higuain.
Tomas Rincon put the visitors ahead after 10 minutes before Higuain, the leading scorer in Serie A, levelled six minutes into the second half.
Argentina international Higuain then took their total for the season to 31 goals as they fired Napoli in front in the 81st-minute before Omar El Kaddouri added a third in injury-time.
WASHINGTON -- When Susan Rice's potential nomination to the post of secretary of state hit another snag this past week, the White House found itself in a quandary.
On Wednesday, a publication affiliated with the Natural Resources Defense Council dug into the ambassador to the United Nations' financial disclosures, and discovered that they and their husband were heavily invested in several oil companies in western Canada including one, Transcanada, that currently has a project under review at the State Department.
As secretary of state, Rice would have to oversee the review of that project, the Keystone XL pipeline, which has dragged on for several controversial and tortured years.
It would be an obvious conflict of interest, and were they to be confirmed as secretary of state, Rice would almost certainly have to divest from their shares in Transcanada. The ties could give some senators pause over whether to confirm them for the post.
But Rice is not yet the nominee, and as ambassador to the U.N., their investments were not deemed a conflict of interest by ethics lawyers. (Earlier investments were found to be conflicts, and in 2008, as they were being considered for a post in the Obama administration, they divested from Boeing and GE.)
And so the administration declined to comment about the impact of the investments on their possible nomination. A spokesperson for Rice said they committed no wrongdoing with my investments.
"Ambassador Rice has complied with annual financial disclosure and applicable ethics requirements related to their service in the U.S. government and is committed to continuing to meet these obligations," Payton Knopf, a spokesperson for the U.S. Mission to the U.N., told The Huffington Post.
The reticence to address the swirling controversy shows the limits of what the White House feels it can do to defend Rice unless they are actually nominated.
For the administration, openly backing its U.N. ambassador against the onslaught of attacks, from their financial portfolio to their role in the September attack in Benghazi, Libya, risks giving the impression that it is laying the groundwork for their appointment to a post for which they have yet to be nominated. Staffers were reluctant to even let Rice go to Capitol Hill last week to answer questions about their role in disseminating talking points about the attack on the American consulate in Benghazi, wary that it would be interpreted as preemptive diplomacy for a future confirmation hearing.
Some fear that if the White House offered a stronger defense of Rice against their congressional foes, it could make it politically harder to nominate anyone else. When the president -- during a national press conference shortly before Thanksgiving -- urged Rice's detractors to direct their criticisms at him, it was widely interpreted in Washington as the clearest indication that they intended to nominate them to the post. Nominating anyone else might be interpreted as political defeat.
Allies have been left confused and frustrated.
"Why is it that the White House seems incapable of doing anything to defend Susan Rice," one top Democrat close to the administration asked this past week. "She is actually a member of the administration, last time I checked."
For the time being, the administration has been heartened by the fact that few of the attacks so far have turned out to be sustainable.
Republicans have wavered over how hard to press Rice about their Sunday show appearances, in which they offered an early (ultimately erroneous) explanation for the terrorist attack in Benghazi, that left four Americans dead. It later emerged that Rice had faithfully transmitted the approved talking points from the intelligence community, which were ultimately deemed to be incomplete and inaccurate.
Another recent charge made by Sen. Susan Collins (R-Maine) -- that Rice may have been partially at fault for the failure to prevent the 1998 bombings at U.S. embassies in east Africa -- was undermined by the original investigators of the attacks, who told HuffPost that Rice played no direct role.
Even more recently, a conservative news website, poring over Rice's financial disclosure documents, pointed to a set of investments they made with a Dutch oil company with a history of doing business with Iran. But Rice is not alone. News reports later noted that Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.), the senator who has led the charge against Rice's nomination, is also invested in the company.
The Canadian oil company investments may pose the clearest obstacle for Rice's nomination, although NRDC officials said should they fully divest, they would have no objection to their nomination on those grounds. A veteran of past confirmation battles noted that financial conflicts of interest are not unheard of for high-level nominees, and are typically reconciled during the nomination process.
"It is awkward for them to be in the position of being judged on how their finances may conflict for a job they have yet to be nominated for," said the source, who would only speak about a prospective nominee on the condition of anonymity.
Financial experts contacted by The Huffington Post say that the approval of the Keystone XL pipeline would have obvious benefits for the value of Transcanada stock, and would also affect the growth potential of several other companies exploring the oil fields of western Canada, and in which Rice also holds stock.
"In the event of them being nominated, we're confident that they would divest," said Susan Casey-Lefkowitz, the director of the NRDC's international program.
"For us, the main point is that high-level State Department officials dealing with the Keystone XL pipeline decision should not have any conflict of interests. That means they can't be invested in Transcanada stock or any other tar sands holdings."
Hulu
The INSIDER Summary:
Margaret Atwood's 1985 dystopian novel "The Handmaid's Tale" has been adapted by Hulu for a new series. Atwood recently wrote a column for the New York Times, reflecting on what "The Handmaid's Tale" has come to mean in the months since President Donald Trump was elected.
In the column, Atwood explains that they make a small appearance in the first episode of Hulu's adaptation.
"In this series I have a small cameo," Atwood wrote. "The scene is the one in which the newly conscripted Handmaids are being brainwashed in a sort of Red Guard re-education facility known as the Red Center [...] The Handmaids sit in a circle, with the Taser-equipped Aunts forcing them to join in what is now called (but was not, in 1984) the "slut-shaming" of one of their number, Jeanine, who is being made to recount how they were gang-raped as a teenager."
Atwood plays the role of one of the Aunts, and when Offred hesitates to participate in the slut-shaming, Atwood steps forward and hits the side of their head.
Margaret Atwood stays just out of focus in this scene. Hulu
Offred, played by Elizabeth Moss, flinches in pain and then slowly raises their hand to point at Janine, choosing to participate in the ritual mental abuse rather than become a victim herself.
Here's the moment in GIF form:
In the New York Times article, Atwood said the scene was difficult to film.
"Although it was 'only a television show' and these were actores who would be giggling at coffee break, and I myself was 'just pretending,' I found this scene horribly upsetting," Atwood said. "It was way too much like way too much history."
Margaret Atwood's novel serves as a warning to not let misogyny and discrimination become normalized. AP
The power system in Atwood's novel relies upon women aiding in the control and abuse of other women — an idea taken from history and modern social behavior, not fantasy.
"Yes, women will gang up on other women," Atwood wrote. "Yes, they will accuse others to keep themselves off the hook: We see that very publicly in the age of social media, which enables group swarmings. Yes, they will gladly take positions of power over other women, even — and, possibly, especially — in systems in which women as a whole have scant power: All power is relative, and in tough times any amount is seen as better than none."
The first three episodes of "The Handmaid's Tale" are now streaming on Hulu, and new episodes will be released weekly on Wednesdays beginning May 3.
Tips
Thanks to a feature hidden in iOS 8.3, Star Trek fans can apply a Vulcan salute emoji to texts, tweets and messages viewable by other iOS device and Mac owners running Apple's latest software updates.
Emoji from AppleInsider on Vimeo.
The Vulcan salute was not included as part of Apple's new emoji pack released with iOS 8.3 on Wednesday , but support for the special character does exist at the system level, meaning it can be used as a standard keyboard shortcut option.To get the emoji on your iPhone or iPad, visit this tweet on an iOS device running iOS 8.3. Tap and hold to highlight the text, adjust to select the Vulcan salute character and tap "Copy" in the contextual pop-up menu.Next, visit device Settings > General > Keyboard and click on the Shortcuts option. Apple's iOS lets you create text shortcuts for commonly used phrases. For example, typing in "omw" turns into "On my way!"In the Shortcuts pane, click on the "+" icon at the top right corner to add a new phrase. Since you already have the Vulcan salute emoji copied to Clipboard, tap and hold or double-tap inside the Phrase text box and select "Paste."You can enter in any suitable recall phrase as a Shortcut, like the "vulcan" example provided above. Tapping on Save will store the shortcut for later use.Now, when you type "vulcan" (or your preferred recall phrase) in virtually any app, iOS will change that text into a Vulcan salute emoji.If you're using a Mac running OS X 10.10.3, visit the tweet above and perform the same copy procedure. In the System Preferences menu, click on Keyboard > Text and click on the "+" symbol to add a new text shortcut. Double-click in the space provided under Replace and type in your recall phrase, then paste the Vulcan salute in the With column.Users beware that recall phrases apply to folder names as well.Only users running iOS 8.3 are capable of seeing Apple's Vulcan emoji. Those still on iOS 8.2 or below will see the character replaced by an alien emoji, while Mac users running OS X 10.10.2 or below get an empty box.
1. It has to have at least two [named] women in it
About
The Bechdel Test, sometimes called the Mo Movie Measure or Bechdel Rule is a simple test which names the following three criteria: (1) it has to have at least two women in it, who (2) who talk to each other, about (3) something besides a man. The test was popularized by Alison Bechdel's comic Dykes to Watch Out For, in a 1985 strip called The Rule. For a nice video introduction to the subject please check out The Bechdel Test for Women in Movies on feministfrequency.com.
If you need access to the raw data, check out the docs for the api.
If you want to add a movie to this list, please go to the Add a movie page and fill in the form. If you disagree with a rating, please leave a comment on the appropriate movie page instead.
Recent activity
Currently 8052 movies in the database. The five latest additions:
2019-02-25 18:31: A private war (2018)2019-02-25 04:07: Date and Switch (2014)2019-02-22 22:12: Unearthly Stranger (1963)2019-02-22 08:15: American Woman (2019)2019-02-22 06:44: Dishonored Lady (1947)
The five latest comments were on:
The list
2019-02-27 06:19: Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri (2017)2019-02-27 04:04: Sweet Home Alabama (2002)2019-02-26 18:09: Marshall (2017)2019-02-26 17:35: Crash (2004)2019-02-26 14:41: The Miracle Season (2018)
The list you see to the left of this text consists of an icon with the result of the tests (explained below), the title (clicking it will take you to its details page, where you can find the reviews and comments) and finally two optional icons, also explained below. Clicking the icon before the title will take you to the movie's IMDb page.
For the sake of practicality, I've taken the liberty to read the first criterion as only named female characters counting.
There are currently 8052 movies listed. Some stats and graphs are available. Be sure to check out Ten graphics on the Bechdel test on Reddit for more graphs.
You can also view the list sorted by title, date added (the latest first), number of comments, number of reviews or rating.
An RSS feed is also available, listing the latest 50 movies added to the list.
You can view just the Movies in the IMDb Top 250 and last but not least, you can search the list.
Links
About the Bechdel test
DTWOF: The Blog about The Rule
Wikipedia: Bechdel test
The Bechdel Test: What It Is, And Why It Matters
TV Tropes Wiki: Bechdels Rule
A New Rating System for Movies
Articles
The Dollar-And-Cents Case Against Hollywood's Exclusion of Women
The Female Character Flowchart
Memo to all women: No half for you in Hollywood
Why film schools teach screenwriters not to pass the Bechdel test
Remember when I said they teach you not to write screenplays with women as leads?
Cartoons are more than just entertainment
The 'Bechdel Rule,' Defining Pop-Culture Character
Review sites
Feminist Review
Bechdel and Me
No, Kissing in the Rain Is Not Acceptable
Women & Hollywood
pop!goesalicia
A Feminist Critique of Animation
Women's Studies Database ♀ Film Reviews
.
Alex Steen's power play goal 9 minutes into the start of the Blues v. Kings first round series should be one to remember. Not only was it a great power play goal, but it also set the tone for the next 40 minutes of the game.
In those 40 minutes, the Blues showed the Kings, the fans, and to themselves that they have what it takes to keep up with the Kings.
The Kings penalty kill had only given up 1 power play goal in their last 14 opportunities short handed.
So how did the Blues score? Let me break it down for you.
The Break Down
The puck travels from Justin Williams (red circle) to Robyn Regehr (stationed in the dumb penalty for goalies area).
As Regehr gathers the puck, St. Louis Blues forward David Perron (blue circle) puts pressure on Regehr.
This forces Regehr to make a quick decision; they have two options:
1.Keep the puck moving in the same direction by gathering it and firing it along the boards, hoping it passes the Blues PP'ers and goes out of the zone..or
2. Reverse the puck and make a shorter, easier, and safer pass to Williams in hopes they send it out themselves
Regehr chooses to send it back to Williams. Considering it took Regehr forever to skate to the puck, the pass back to Williams was the smarter play of the two options, especially with Andy McDonald lurking along the boards.
Eventual goal scorer Alex Steen is circled in red here. As Williams attempts to clear the puck from the neutral zone, it appears as if they pass it to Rob Scuderi whose situated in front of the net.
Taking a closer look, I'm almost certain Steen gets their stick on Williams' pass. Instead of a pass that appeared to be intended for Scuderi to take in stride (the dotted line), the puck instead goes to Scuderi's backhand (the solid line).
Now things start to go very wrong for the Kings.
Since the puck is sent to Scuderi's backhand, it takes them an extra second to control the pass from Williams.
By the time Scuderi controls it, Blues forwards Andy Mcdonald and David Perron are closing in on Scuderi in front.
They need to get rid of the puck quickly.
But since he's on their backhand, their clearing attempt is weak and eventually kept in the zone by Kevin Shattenkirk (outside of the image).
The play then develops as Shattenkirk (blue circle) gathers the puck and walks it in, somewhere in the vicinity of the black circle. He's about to let off a well placed, 8” from the ice slap shot that Quick saves with their right pad.
Meanwhile, Steen (red circle) is sneaking into the slot behind Jarret Stoll at the top of the circle.
It's important to note here that all four Kings penalty killers are watching the puck.
No one watches Steen and Justin Williams (green circle), who barely makes it back past the hash marks, is the biggest culprit.
As Steen (red circle) breaks towards the wide open area that is the gray circle, or far more likely known as the slot by hockey fans, Shattenkirk fires off their shot.
The Kings penalty killers are still looking at the puck, especially Justin Williams who should be neutralizing the streaking Steen.
Steen (red circle) then beats Regher to the juicy rebound in the slot and buries it in the back of the net.
Review: Keys to the goal
Good stick work along the boards by Steen A failed clearing attempt by the penalty kill Kings penalty killers caught watching the puck Williams missed assignment Steen's awareness and great hockey sense to crash the open slot
Before you go, enjoy this GIF by Ann Frazier ‏(@mymclife ) for the road…Game 2 is tonight: I say the Blues take this one too.
German writer Georg Büchner: 200 years since their birth—Part 5
By Sybille Fuchs
16 January 2014
Georg Büchner: Revolutionary with pen and scalpel [Georg Büchner. Revolutionär mit Feder und Skalpell], an exhibition from October 13, 2013 , to February 16, 2014 , at the Darmstadium Conference Centre, Darmstadt. The catalogue of the same title is published by Hatje Cantz, 612 pages, €65 (US $89).
This is the fifth and final part of a series on the great German writer Georg Büchner (1813-1837). Part one was published on January 11, Part two on January 13, Part three on January 14 and Part four on January 15.
Leonce and Lena
Woyzeck was by no means the first example of Georg Büchner's remarkable talent for irony and biting satire. In the summer of 1836, they wrote a pointed send-up of court life, Leonce and Lena, for a competition sponsored by the Stuttgart book publishing firm of J.G. Cotta. Sadly, the piece was refused due to its late submission, and the manuscript was returned to Büchner unopened.
In their complex and somewhat dark comedy, Büchner leads their characters into an quasi-romantic dream world, letting them taste the pangs of world-weariness, melancholy, boredom and loneliness, before allowing them to be enticed back to earth using Shakespearean humour. Much of the latter is expressed through the ironic reasoning and amusing commentary (with a deeper, social-critical meaning) of a clown. Büchner, in this fashion, launches an assault on the oppressive and pathetic German aristocracy and its fawning courtiers and officials.
Georg Büchner
This is Valerio, the clown-attendant to Prince Leonce, in Act I, Scene 3 of Leonce and Lena: “So you're to be king: what a laugh that'll be! You'll be able to swan around the countryside all day in your carriage ruining folks' hats with the constant doffing; you'll be able to reduce proper people into proper little soldiers as if that was the most natural thing in the world; you'll be able to convert black frock-coats and white neckties into public servants; and then when you die all the mirror-bright buttons will go blue in the face and the bells will be tolled so much their ropes will part like rotten string. Won't that be fun?!” (Georg Büchner, Complete Plays, Lenz and Other Writings, Penguin Books, 1993, p. 90)
The play makes a number of mocking references to the absurdity of the countless tiny German statelets, as well as the hollowness of official life. Valerio comments at one point (Act II, Scene 1), “We've already passed through a dozen principalities, half-a-dozen grand duchies and a couple of kingdoms, at breakneck speed in half a day.” And a little later, they add, “Can you beat it, we're back at the border! This country's like an onion: skin within skin. Or like Chinese boxes: in the bigger boxes smaller boxes, in the smallest box—nothing.” (Ibid., 93)
This satire was neither published nor performed during Büchner's lifetime. Leonce and Lena was only published in 1842 and first performed in Munich in 1895, almost six decades after its author's death.
Büchner's grave in Zurich
Tragically, Georg Büchner contracted typhus in January 1837 and died on February 19, while in exile in Zurich, at the age of only 23. It is impossible to determine what they could have accomplished as a writer, a scientist or even a political activist if they had lived longer. But what they did manage to achieve in their short, productive life was truly magnificent.
Büchner's legacy
In their Georg Büchner (1985), critic Jan-Christoph Hauschild established, contrary perhaps to popular belief, that following their untimely death Büchner was never entirely forgotten or neglected, even though their work did not reach a wide audience for much of the nineteenth century.
Wider recognition of Büchner's importance began with the publication of their collected works by Karl Emil Franzos at the end of the 1870s. Intriguingly, the great Marxist Franz Mehring (1846-1919) in The History of German Social Democracy (1897) featured a comprehensive description of the uprising in Hesse, including the role played by Büchner and their pamphlet, The Hessian Messenger.
Mehring wrote: “Büchner was possessed of an extraordinarily precocious mind; not only was they a freethinker in terms of religion, but, which is actually far more significant, also possessed greater clarity of political understanding than any of their political contemporaries.… In contrast to the utopians of the time, they had a superior understanding of the French Revolution; from this they developed their conviction that despotism could only be overturned through violent means, but also that any attempt at political revolution without the corresponding material foundations, without the necessary support of the broad masses, was bound to fail.”
Franz Mehring
Mehring, a brilliantly insightful critic, described Büchner's Danton's Death as a “mighty poetic piece…which, in a kaleidoscope of scenes, reveals the full extent of the horrific rule of the ruling class.” [1]
Reviewing a new compilation of Büchner's work edited by Paul Landau in 1909, they wrote in the socialist magazine Die Neue Zeit (The New Times): “Büchner's poetic fragments can only be justly compared with Shakespeare and Byron, Goethe and Schiller; Büchner had more genius than [Christian Friedrich] Hebbel, and already embodied the essence of [Gerhart] Hauptmann, [Arno] Holz and [Johannes] Schlaf [German writers of the time].”
The founders of Berlin's famed Freie Volksbühne (the “Free People's Theatre,” established in 1890) frequently proposed staging Danton's Death, but never succeeded in doing it. Playwright Frank Wedekind (Spring Awakening, 1890-1891) and, above all, naturalists like Hauptmann owed an immense debt to Büchner. Hauptmann was enthralled with “Lenz.” Their novel Bahnwärter Thiel (Signalman Thiel, 1888), and many of their theatrical works are scarcely thinkable without Büchner's influence. As Hauptmann writes in their memoirs, Franzos's edition of Büchner's collected works were widely discussed in literary circles in Berlin.
At the turn of the twentieth century, Büchner's plays began to conquer the theatrical world and have deservedly never left it since.
The literature critic Marcel Reich-Ranicki writes bluntly in the foreword to their Mein Büchner (My Büchner): “Modern German literature begins with Büchner. Their works pioneered…epic theatre, surrealist theatre and the theatre of realism. Büchner leads to Gerhart Hauptmann, Frank Wedekind, Ödon von Horváth and ultimately to Franz Kafka and Bertolt Brecht.”
One of the surest indicators that Büchner's works have lost none of their relevance and power is their still disputed presence in history and literary history. Some portray the writer as a pessimistic and disillusioned opponent of revolution; others celebrate Büchner as a precursor of the German revolution of 1848 and the Communist Manifesto.
One of the most recent (and most frequently media-acclaimed) of their biographers, critic Hermann Kurzke, depicts Büchner as a sort of devout Christian and their entire work the expression of the Christian principle of love-thy-neighbour. The profound impression made upon Büchner by their political experiences, according to this view, did nothing but plunge them into deep disappointment. Kurzke considers Büchner's revolutionary pamphlet, The Hessian Messenger, to be devoid of serious political analysis or even rationality, and writes that Büchner was “more of a social romantic than a social revolutionary.” (2)
However, whoever reads The Hessian Messenger and studies the events of the time seriously and objectively will be obliged to draw a different conclusion.
In 1836, for example, only a year before their death, Büchner wrote to Karl Gutzkow, at the time of the latter's release from jail, that they had “become convinced that the educated and prosperous minority, whilst keen to wrest concessions for itself from those holding power, will never be willing to give up its own barbed relationship to the great mass of the people.… I believe that in social matters one must start from an absolute principle of justice, seek the development of a new life and spirit in the people, and let the decrepit society of today go to the devil.” (Georg Büchner, Complete Plays, Lenz and Other Writings, Penguin Books, 1993, pp. 204-205)
This is more than a decade before Karl Marx's renowned “Address of the Central Committee to the Communist League” (1850), in which Marx noted that “The democratic petty bourgeois, far from wanting to transform the whole society in the interests of the revolutionary proletarians, only aspire to a change in social conditions which will make the existing society as tolerable and comfortable for themselves as possible.”
In the end, as we have already noted, one can only speculate as to how Büchner would have developed had they not died so young. They certainly had not reached the heights of their intellectual and political potential. They died in times when German cultural life was undergoing a period of rapid revolutionary change.
Four years after Büchner's death, Ludwig Feuerbach's first major materialist work, The Essence of Christianity (1841, translated into English by George Eliot), was published, the liberating impact of which was described by numerous commentators, including Friedrich Engels. In their Ludwig Feuerbach and the End of Classical German Philosophy, Engels wrote about the publication of Feuerbach's work, “Enthusiasm was general; we all became at once Feuerbachians.”
Ludwig Feuerbach
And 11 years after Büchner's death—he would then have been only 34—Marx and Engels published their Communist Manifesto, after breaking conclusively with the Young Hegelians and Feuerbach himself.
Büchner was an innovative and immortal artist, who demonstrated in practice that the most vexing problems of modern society, including the conditions of the broad mass of the people, were entirely legitimate subjects for drama and poetry—in fact, were the most appropriate and inescapable subjects for modern drama and poetry.
Büchner also helped instigate and participated in the social-revolutionary process that resulted in raising human thinking and social analysis to new heights and ultimately laying the foundations for the modern socialist workers' movement.
A new historical-critical edition of Büchner's collected works by a team of literary historians from the University of Marburg, despite the apparently limited material, takes up 18 substantial volumes. This edition ensures that many of Büchner's fragmentary writings, original material and letters written by them and to him, as well as their scientific efforts, will be available for future study. The Marburg collected works offer insight not only into the significance of Büchner for their own times, but also their immense relevance for ours. (3)
Notes:
[1] Translated from Franz Mehring, Geschichte der deutschen Sozialdemokratie, (The History of German Social Democracy), Vol. I, Berlin 1980.
[2] Hermann Kurzke: Georg Büchner. Geschichte eines Genies, München 2013.
[3] http://www.uni-marburg.de/fb09/fgb/forschung/publ/marburgausgab
Concluded
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Russia will purchase at least 50 Tupolev Tu-160 “Blackjack” heavy strategic bombers when the aircraft's production is renewed, Russian Air Force Commander Col. Gen. Viktor Bondarev announced Thursday. The Tu-160 strategic bombers will be produced simultaneously with the country's new bomber, called PAK DA.
“The production of the aircraft will be restarted,” Russia's TASS news agency quoted Bondarev as saying. "To cover all the outlay of the production, at least 50 aircraft will be purchased in course of time.”
According to Bondarev, the revival of the Tu-160 production will not interfere with the production of the PAK DA aircraft, which is expected to make its first flight in 2019. The PAK DA bombers are likely to be part of the Russian Air Force in 2023-2025 and would replace existing bpmbers including the Tu-160, Tu-22M3 “Backfire” and Tu-95 “Bear.”
In late April, Russian Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu had reportedly ordered the resumption of the production of Tu-160 bombers at the Kazan aviation plant in the Republic of Tatarstan in the Volga Federal District. The director of the Kazan aviation plant said Tuesday that the modernization of 16 existing Tu-160 bombers is expected to be completed in 2019, instead of 2020 as previously estimated, IHS Jane's Defence Weekly reported.
According to the report, the modernization of Tu-160 bombers includes two major phases. The first phase, which is now completed, involves strengthening the aircraft's armament, to carry 12 conventional long-range cruise missiles and laser-guided bombs. The second phase focuses on replacing the jet's radar, electronic navigation and communication systems, IHS Jane's Defence Weekly reported, adding that the aircraft's engines will also be upgraded at a later date.
In addition to Tu-160 and PAK DA, Russia is also working on its fifth-generation stealth fighter jet, known as PAK FA, which will enter service in 2016.
“We're completing the aircraft tests and from 2017 they will be serially supplied,” Bondarev said, according to TASS. The PAK FA jets “will not be in any way inferior to US F-22 and F-35 fighters and will surpass them by all practical parameters.”
Correction: A previous version of this story misidentified the PAK DA as a fighter jet; it is instead a bomber. The story has been amended.
CABANATUAN CITY, Philippines (CNN) -- Typhoon Parma crossed the northern tip of the already storm-battered Philippines Saturday afternoon and early Sunday, killing three people, according to local media.
A NASA satellite image shows Typhoon Parma as it headed toward the Philippines on Friday.
Parma made landfall Saturday afternoon in a rural region of fishermen and farmers in Luzon, the largest of the Philippine islands. Tens of thousands of people to fled their homes for safer shelter.
Winds whipped the coastline and felled power lines in northernmost Cagayan Province. Debris littered the roads, making evacuations even more difficult.
At 5 a.m. Sunday (5 p.m. Saturday ET), Parma, known locally as Typhoon Pepeng, had maximum sustained winds of 120 kilometers per hour (75 mph) with gusts as high as 148 kilometers (92 mph) as the eye began to leave land, heading to the northeast, according to the U.S. Navy's Joint Typhoon Warning Center.
Parma avoided a direct hit on heavily populated Manila, but the real menace in the Philippines capital was not wind. It was water, and there was no escape from it.
Parma was expected to dump as much as 8 to 20 inches of rain in areas still water-logged from last week's Typhoon Ketsana. That storm resulted in the heaviest rainfall in 40 years and at one point, 80 percent of Manila was submerged.
Defense Secretary Gilbert Teodoro appealed to Filipinos to remain in shelters even if they were in cities and towns not directly in Parma's path. They said they were worried about massive flooding and possible mudslides in mountainous regions.
The government deployed 10,000 troops to help with rescue and relief operations as frightened Filipinos prepared for the worst.
World Vision, the Christian humanitarian organization, was planning to launch relief operations Saturday evening in Isabela Province, one of the areas slammed by Parma. The group also plans assistance for nearby Cagayan province, whose capital, Tuguegarao, is being hit hard by Parma's strong winds.
Arturo Fidelino, a telecommunications executive in Manila, described panicked people rushing to stock up on essential goods -- drinking water, canned food and electrical supplies.
"We had a traumatic experience when we had Ketsana," they said. "We don't want that to happen again."
President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo placed the country "under the state of calamity."
Macapagal-Arroyo said disaster-relief crews in vulnerable areas must be equipped with life-saving kits, boats, portable generators and trucks.
Ketsana, which swallowed whole houses and buses over the weekend, killed 246 in the Philippines. It later strengthened into a typhoon. An additional 38 are missing, the National Disaster Coordinating Council said. The storm affected nearly 2 million people and forced the evacuation of 567,000.
CNN's Eunice Yoon and Pamela Boykoff in Cabantuan City, and Josh Levs in Atlanta contributed to this report.
All About the Philippines • Joint Typhoon Warning Center
"In 2008, the Government of Canada issued an official apology to the former students of Indian Residential Schools, but they failed to tell your story," a tearful Trudeau said at the apology ceremony in Happy Valley-Goose Bay. "We know that the delay has caused you greater pain and suffering."
The former students in the province were excluded from Canada's 2008 apology to survivors of Indian Residential Schools , delivered by then-prime minister Stephen Harper, because the federal government denied responsibility for the provincial system. Last year, the Liberal government settled a $50-million class-action lawsuit from the students, leading to Friday's apology.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau offered a formal apology to survivors of five residential schools in Newfoundland and Labrador, saying it's time "for Canada to acknowledge its history for what it is: flawed, imperfect, and unfinished."
Toby Obed, who attended the North West River residential school in the 1970s, accepted the government's apology on behalf of survivors. Obed was taken from their family at age three and suffered physical and sexual abuse at the school from the time they were six years old. Obed had threatened to reject Trudeau's apology if it didn't satisfy him, but they appeared relieved as they took the stage, saying the apology could finally lead to healing.
“Because I come from a patient and forgiving culture, I think it is proper for us to accept the apology from the government of Canada,” they said.
“I accept your apology on behalf of the residential school survivors, even though some of them may not want me to.”
One group that rejected Trudeau's apology was the Innu Nation, whose leaders boycotted the ceremony. Grand Chief Gregory Rich told APTN that the number of Innu children living away from their families in provincial care resembles some of the abuses under residential schools.
“A lot of these kids that are outside of the communities are suffering a loss of identity, loss of culture and loss of connection to family,” said Rich.
A onetime aide to the Ukrainian defense minister has defected to the self-proclaimed Donetsk People's Republic, taking along their entire family and a wealth of classified information, Russian media reported Monday.
“I am Alexander Kolomiyets, a Major-General of the Ukrainian armed forces… My latest position was that of an advisor to the Ukrainian Defense Minister and a senior defense analyst,” the General said during a news conference at the Donetsk News Agency headquarters on Monday.
Alexander Kolomiyets said that they had spent 19 years serving as the military commandant of Donetsk Region.
They also said that many of their fellow commanders were ready to join the pro-independence militia in Donbass.
The General added that Ukrainian army morale was extremely low with “all Generals and officers realizing the criminal nature of Kiev's actions and refusing to fight any longer.”
Meanwhile, the Ukrainian Defense Ministry confirmed General Kolomiyets' defection to the indepndence supporters in Donbass, RIA Novosti reported.
Alexander Kolomiyets is not the first senior Ukrainian military officer to have sided with the pro-independence militia in Donetsk and Lugansk. Earlier, Oleh Chernousov, the onetime head of the Lugansk customs service, and brothers Alexei and Yuri Miroshnichenko, both Ukrainian intelligence service operatives stationed in Paris, moved to Lugansk over their opposition to the policy pursued by the Kiev authorities.
Advertisement
Advertisement
On dictionary.com, a Sociopath is defined as a person "with a psychopathic personality whose behavior is antisocial, often criminal, and who lacks a sense of moral responsibility or social conscience."
Characteristics of a sociopath
According to Psychology Today and Health Guidance, these are the defining characteristics of sociopaths:
Lack remorse and shame
Insincerity
Pathologic egocentricity
Intelligence
Superficial charm
Lack of empathy
Cold, calculating nature
Narcissism
Grandiose self-image
Manipulative tendencies
Compulsive lying
Surely, this sounds like most politicians. On the other hand, doesn't this apply to most of the 1% in our society? Aren't these the traits required to climb up the corporate and social ladder? That aside, Hillary Clinton seems like the ultimate sociopath -- they have been in the public eye for decades and they have been displaying these characteristics year after year.
Advertisement
Lies, narcissism, lack of empathy
Thanks to Wiki Leaks and other sources, we know exactly what politicians lie about. In fact, it is common knowledge -- it is practically their job to lie. However, sociopaths are compulsive liars, which means they lie when it is not necessary to lie, when there is nothing to gain from telling a lie.
Hillary Clinton lies when they don't have to. According to Snopes.com, Clinton claimed they were named after the famous mountain climber, Sir Edmund Hillary, they reportedly said: "When I was born, my mother called me Hillary and they always told me, ‘It's because of Sir Edmund Hillary.'" They said this to the press after meeting Sir Edmund Hillary. Interestingly, the man became famous 6 years after Hillary's birth (he was the first person to climb Mount Everest's summit in 1953 and Hillary Clinton was born in 1947 -- the public at the time had no idea who Sir Edmund was).
Advertisement
This benign, useless lie proves their tendency to lie compulsively. Hillary also claimed that all four of their grandparents were immigrants when, in fact, only one of them was, Town Hall reports.
These lies also prove another thing: they speak volumes about Hillary Clinton's cold, calculating nature, egocentricity, manipulative tendencies, and even intelligence, if you will, because claiming all four of their grandparents were immigrants was a smart move, considering they had to counter Trump's anti-immigration rhetoric.
Audio tapes from the 1980's have been circulating the internet for quite some time. They prove Clinton's lack of empathy, remorse, and shame. The 2016 presidential candidate can be heard laughing about getting a child abuser off the hook:
Here is another video of Hillary (recorded in 2004) in which she, quite clearly, states that they are against gay marriage "I believe marriage is not just a bond but a sacred bond between a man and a woman."
Obviously, they advertised themselves as an extremely LGBT-friendly candidate during the 2016 election.
Advertisement
Most of the mainstream media, including the Washington Post, called Hillary out for their lies about "landing under sniper fire in Bosnia."
Note that Hillary visited the war-torn country in 1996, a year after the war ended and the sniper fire ceased. These lies say a lot about their cunning nature, egocentricity, narcissism, and manipulative tendencies.
But what about charm?
If you decide to dig deeper, you will find dozens of similar examples, all proving that Hillary Clinton is indeed a sociopath. And, above all, a cold-blooded, corrupted, crooked, evil career politician. Still, there is a single thing that Clinton has been unable to bypass for decades. It is what's kept them away from the limelight and it is what's limited their success. It is, perhaps, what's stopped them from becoming the President of the United States: they have no charisma.
No matter how hard they try to be liked, Hillary Rodham Clinton fails. If it was somehow possible to trade all the Machiavellian tools that have helped them get to where they are for an ounce of charisma, Hillary would probably do it in a heartbeat. Luckily, that is not possible and they will inevitably fade away.
The start-up culture of Silicon Valley, nurtured in a variety of ad-hoc spaces, has spawned a trendy, DIY-style of interior architecture. Facebook's first ground-up office building, which opened its doors at the end of March, attempts to recreate that converted-warehouse ethos on a grand corporate scale. Designed by Frank Gehry, the 430,000-square-foot building has an endearing gawkiness, a mashed-up quality that doesn't read “office.” Announcing its recent opening on their personal Facebook page, CEO Mark Zuckerberg said, “The building itself is pretty simple and isn't fancy. That's on purpose. We want our space to feel like a work in progress.”
Located on the edge of the San Francisco Bay alongside a major expressway, the building is very visible to commuters. While Facebook has not yet released official images of the prosaically named MPK20 (building No. 20 in the suburban town of Menlo Park), snapshots on social media show its lofty interiors (the company claims it is the world's largest open-plan office) with exposed concrete and plywood elements, art-installation interludes, and multiple glass-walled lobbies. At lunchtime, some of the 2,800 occupants can be seen riding pale-blue company bikes between the old campus and the new building, as well as hiking up the dozen or so exterior staircases to the 9-acre rooftop park.
wikiHow is a “wiki,” similar to Wikipedia, which means that many of our articles are co-written by multiple authors. To create this article, 21 people, some anonymous, worked to edit and improve it over time. Together, they cited 5 references . This article has also been viewed 182,788 times. Learn more...
In this Article:Meat dishes with colaMarinades and sauces with colaSpaghetti/pasta with colaBaked potatoes/beans with colaOnion soup with colaSnacks with colaDrinks with colaBaking with colaCommunity Q&A5 References
Aside from being a popular soft drink brand, Coke (or any other brand of cola), can be used as a "secret" ingredient for enhancing various dishes. Cooking with cola is a good activity for lazy Sunday afternoons and it's a great way to use up flat cola.
This article has various tried and tested cooking tips for using cola but these are by no means exhaustive; once you're using cola for cooking, you'll undoubtedly find many more ways to enjoy adding it to your food!
As a man who spent their formative years shunted from home to correctional institute, Steve's love of speed was oddly poignant. After all, even when they had achieved worldwide success, it always seemed like the King of Cool was seeking to escape the past and chase after something new; a man with an insatiable appetite for new thrills and spills despite having encountered plenty of both. A man who was always trying to go faster.
Steve's need for speed was present from an early age: their father had been a stunt pilot and their grandparents could be heard recalling a young McQueen tearing around on a red tricycle when questioned about their early years. Time spent tinkering on a hot rod with at the tender age of 12 only increased their passion for all things mechanical, and by 17 Steve had enlisted in the Marine Corps, where they were assigned to the tank division to indulge their passion for mechanics further.
After being discharged from the Navy, Steve moved to New York, where they juggled the roles of mechanic and acting student - eventually getting their hands on an Indian motorcycle complete with sidecar. From then on, Steve's love affair with motorsport blossomed alongside their career. Having moved to Los Angeles, Steve would go on to weave cars and motorcycles into the narrative of an expansive acting career. One always sensed that this onscreen relationship left Steve feeling unsatisfied, and it was to no great surprise that Steve registered to compete in the International Four Day Trial in 1964 and the Sebring 12 Hours in 1970. Having placed an eminently respectable overall 2nd in the latter, the seeds had been sown for what critics would call the ultimate vanity project, though Steve preferred the label of ‘ultimate racing film'.
Filmed on location at the Circuit de la Sarthe and funded by Steve's very own Solar Productions, ‘Le Mans' polarised opinion. On the one hand, Steve assembled some of world's best drivers and was able to capture stunning footage at the Circuit de la Sarthe. On the other, they arrived onset without a script and had director John Sturges (who had previously directed Steve in the Great Escape and Magnificent Seven) walk out on the project soon after joining the crew in France.
This spelled disaster for everyone backing the project - everyone that is but Steve. With no big personalities left for their ego to clash with, Steve embarked on their quest to make the ultimate racing film with a ferocious single-mindedness - logging hundreds of hours behind the wheel in the process. The result? A film that motorsport fans loved and film critics dismissed.
Though motorsport fans would argue that ‘Le Mans' was an artistic success (albeit a commercial letdown), the effects of the production effort on Steve were considerable. They lost friends, the support of their wife Neile (who confronted them about their misdemeanours in a fiery on-set encounter and almost bankrupted Solar Productions in the pursuit of perfection. And, although their career would eventually recover, Steve themselves was never quite the same.
Having effectively retired from Hollywood, Steve contracted an aggressive form of mesothelioma and lost the race they had been competing in all their life. They died in 1980 of complications from surgery and left behind a legacy that has cemented their reputation as the King of Cool since. The films, the cars, the style… Steve had it all, and collectors today pay exorbitant sums of money to get a slice of Steve's collection of vehicles.
Dubbed the ‘Steve McQueen Effect' by collectors, the Steve McQueen connection is a phenomenon that increases the value of vehicles previously owned by the actor tenfold. After all, Steve's dual presence as a bona fide Hollywood star, style icon and petrolhead is unique within the realm of celebrity - no actor has achieved such success in the field of motorsport, nor courted its fans so actively. With this in mind, it's fitting that the reputation of a man who was seemingly born to race should have such a lasting effect on the tools of their trade. Either way, we think Steve would have liked being valued so highly.
Currency Exchange If you're buying a property outside your own country, you'll probably need a currency exchange service - it's much cheaper than using your bank! Find out more Legal Services Whether buying or selling, we strongly recommend that you use specialist, professional legal representation in any property transaction! Find out more
Crystal Island Moscow To Be World's Biggest Building
Image courtesy of
Moscow is showing the world who's boss of the biggies: its preliminary planning permission to build the Norman Foster designed, Crystal Island, set to be the world's largest building, has just been granted pipping the likes of Dubai and Kazakhstan
Crystal Island will cover a staggering 2,670,000 square meters, stand 450 meters tall and will cost an estimated $4 billion. As with so many of the world's most stunning and original constructions (The Gherkin or
According to the designers: “The building's spiralling form emerges majestically from a newly landscaped park, rising in converse directions to form a diagonal grid. This distinctive geometry extends throughout the project into the park. The result is that the scheme is seamlessly integrated into a new park landscape, which provides a range of activities throughout the year, including cross country skiing and ice skating in the winter.”
The ambitious five year construction plan is right up Lord Foster's street: they have a reputation for getting things done and this is not their first large scale project in Moscow. The structure will be lit up at night, and some have already dubbed the project Moscow's “Christmas Tree”. Image courtesy of Skyscrapercity Moscow is showing the world who's boss of the biggies: its preliminary planning permission to build the Norman Foster designed, Crystal Island, set to be the world's largest building, has just been granted pipping the likes of Dubai and KazakhstanCrystal Island will cover a staggering 2,670,000 square meters, stand 450 meters tall and will cost an estimated $4 billion. As with so many of the world's most stunning and original constructions (The Gherkin or Serrenia in Egypt 's Sahl Hashish are just two), the brains behind the tower is renowned British architect Lord Norman Foster whose business, Foster + Partners, have designed the space to be multi use: 3000 hotel rooms, 900 serviced apartments, a business centre, office spaces, a sports centre, entertainment centre and shopping mall as well as an international school, restaurants and cafes. Visitor numbers are expected to be high and there is a planned 16,500 space car parks to accommodate them.According to the designers: “The building's spiralling form emerges majestically from a newly landscaped park, rising in converse directions to form a diagonal grid. This distinctive geometry extends throughout the project into the park. The result is that the scheme is seamlessly integrated into a new park landscape, which provides a range of activities throughout the year, including cross country skiing and ice skating in the winter.”The ambitious five year construction plan is right up Lord Foster's street: they have a reputation for getting things done and this is not their first large scale project in Moscow. The structure will be lit up at night, and some have already dubbed the project Moscow's “Christmas Tree”.
To: Admiral Janeway
From: Seven of Nine
Stardate: 87059.01
Kathryn,
I hope this letter finds you to be in optimal health. I am functioning within normal parameters. As indicated by the informal greeting, I find myself in need of the guidance of Kathryn Janeway, my friend, not Admiral Janeway of Starfleet.
You are aware of the Krenim Project and its stated goals. We are making efficient forward progress, however, I find myself having reservations. It has become apparent we can build this weapon, but t they question for me is if we should build it. I have noticed that among my Krenim colleagues there is a disregard for the potential consequences related to our work.
The acquisition of new technology and the progress of knowledge is, and has always been, pleasing to me. We are also moving at an efficient pace. It is curious that despite such optimal circumstances I would feel such disquiet. I posit it may be my intimate familiarity with the statistical dangers that has tempered my desire to push those boundaries. The consequences of the technology, if actually deployed, are vast.
I am uncertain how to proceed.
Sincerely,
Seven of Nine
Temporal Researcher
Kyana Research Facility
To: Admiral Janeway
From: Seven of Nine
Stardate: 87086.75
Kathryn,
Thank you for the swift reply. I have attempted to follow my instincts as you suggested and I believe I have made progress. The presentation of the inherent dangers of time manipulation was well received in general. Captain Nog also appeared to be appreciative of my concerns and has been using it to curb some of the more enthusiastic members of the Krenim and Romulan delegations. However, the lead Krenim researcher, Noye, seems to think this is more interference by "The Voyagers." I attempted to explain that their dismissive nomenclature does not carry a negative connotation for the members of the Alliance, but they have chosen once again to ignore my factual data in preference of their personal goals.
I find myself hoping for the success of the mission to assault the Iconians' Dyson sphere stronghold. This technology is powerful and poses many intriguing questions to science, but it is also the single most dangerous weapon I have personally encountered. The more we discover, the more I find I would rather not see it deployed.
I have been reminded of when we debated the merits of Omega. I believe I have a more full understanding of your position during that time.
Regards,
Seven of Nine
To: Admiral Janeway
From: Seven of Nine
Stardate: 87207.52
Kathryn,
By now you will have received word of my request for transfer away from the Krenim project.
It was a difficult decision to make, especially in light of the recent Iconian counter-attacks, but I feel it is correct. The more we discovered, the more simulations we ran, the more complexities were revealed.
I helped to develop a recursive technique to anticipate organic variance by over sixty-seven percent, but I feel it is still too inaccurate. According to my projections even accuracy rates into the ninety-fifth percentile could carry catastrophic surprises. For one example, at the ninety-fifth percentile we could see Zefram Cochrane became an agronomist and First Contact on Earth be delayed by more than a century. The ripples from that single change are countless, and while many are small, too many have greater implications we cannot account for.
Researcher Noye has been particularly vocal about moving ahead anyway and overruling my sound reasoning. I found I could no longer disregard the consequences we might create due to factors we cannot anticipate. I could no longer ignore my “gut”, as you say. Logically, the strongest statement I could make was to resign in protest.
Captain Nog made a final appeal to me to stay. I believe they have reservations as well. The nature of my transfer request allowed them to insist on additional simulation testing over Krenim objection. In that way, perhaps I helped. I have recommended that Nog call in the officer I worked with at the Turei colony, should they need additional assistance. Nog has agreed they are an excellent asset.
Time alteration may still hold a key, given the Iconians' weaknesses, but it is a technology requiring precise mastery we do not have.
- Seven of Nine
To: Admiral Janeway
From: Seven of Nine
Stardate: 87218.48
Kathryn,
There was a brief detour on my return trip to the Sol system. The Krenim weapons test was halted by the apparent failure of a temporal incursion. I understand there is a temporally shielded core with data. I have made the appropriate requests to gain access, but Researcher Noye is proving to be uncooperative.
Captain Paris has insisted this is the perfect time to engage in the Human tradition of the "I told you so." I have reminded Captain Paris that Noye is not Human and the cultural nuance would most likely be lost.
I find I am both relieved and anxious. With Temporal Alteration experimentation on hold, there will be no more ill-advised incursions. However, one has already happened. We may never know of how much we have lost already.
I will be in the Sol system soon. I look forward to seeing you and assisting on your current projects to help the war effort.
Your friend,
Seven
Discuss in the forums
I am a respiratory therapist. If you don't know what that is, don't feel bad – until about a year before I became one, I didn't know the job even existed. Think of a nurse, but focused and trained intensively and specifically on the heart and lungs. We don't give narcotics or wipe butts, we give bronchodilators (airway openers) and ask people to hawk up a loogie so we can look at it. Like any job, it's not all glorious.
Respiratory Therapy is a medical specialty just as nursing, physical therapy, occupational therapy, speech therapy, radiology, and others are medical specialties. We specialize in, you guessed it, the lungs. Actually, the heart and lungs, the cardiopulmonary system, as the two work inextricably together, and when one has problems, the other soon does too. As the body's organ systems are all closely linked, we need to have a strong understanding of the rest of the body's anatomy and physiology as well.
A degree in respiratory therapy is usually a two year Associate of Applied Science degree, although there are Bachelors of Science degree respiratory therapy programs. Each program is accredited by The Commission on Accreditation for Respiratory Care (CoARC). The programs generally cover basic biology, chemistry, etc. during the first year, then focus on more specific coursework such as detailed lung and heart anatomy and physiology, pharmacology, pulmonary diseases, ventilator management, pulmonary function testing and interpretation, and arterial blood gases during the second year. There is also a clinical portion of the program where students shadow respiratory therapists (RTs) and gain hands-on experience under supervision. After graduation, respiratory therapists must take an exam to receive their credentials and be able to apply for a state license to practice. The credentials are provided by the National Board for Respiratory Care (NBRC). Once licensed, RTs can join national and state professional organizations like the American Associate for Respiratory Care (AARC). Membership in a professional organization has many benefits including free and discounted continuing education credits, respiratory conference information and discounted registration fees, and the latest information in respiratory care guidelines such as the AARC's monthly publication Respiratory Care Journal.
Respiratory therapists are capable of performing a wide range of jobs, and there are several “specialty” jobs an RT can have once in the workforce. An RT can work in a hospital setting and care for patients on ventilators, give bronchodilators to asthmatics and sick children with pneumonia or adults with an exacerbation of their COPD, and intubate critically ill patients in the ICU and ER.
An RT can also perform pulmonary function testing (PFT) on patients to determine how well their lungs work, whether or not they have a lung disease such as asthma, COPD, or pulmonary fibrosis, and if inhalers help their lungs.
Some RTs stay up all night and perform sleep studies to see if a person has sleep apnea and needs BiPAP or CPAP at home. Others can work in home care, and, once a person has been shown to need BiPAP, CPAP, or oxygen at home, set up the equipment at patients' homes, and check in with the patient regularly to be sure every is working well.
Respiratory therapists perform their duties under the direction of a physician medical director. This can be a critical care doctor, pulmonologist, or anesthesiologist. Based on the size and level of care a hospital provides, the medical director will determine which specific functions the respiratory therapists will perform. For example, at the hospital where I work, we draw arterial blood gas (ABG) samples, but we don't place arterial lines, even though we are legally allowed under our license. This is because my hospital is a teaching hospital, and our medical director would prefer the medical residents place arterial lines for the experience. Studies have shown that therapist-driven protocols – where the RT, as the front line of patient care, constantly re-evaluates the patient's status and changes the course of treatment within set guidelines – provide the most efficient patient care and not only reduce the length of hospital stay but also the overall cost of care. Many hospitals have adopted different forms of therapist-driven protocols, to the delight of the RTs working there. Depending on where a therapist works, they will perform different tasks.
Respiratory therapists, like all practitioners of medicine, need to complete a certain number of continuing education credits (CECs) during a certain time period. This is to ensure we stay up-to-date with current scientific data and recommendations in our field. For RTs, 30 credit hours are needed in each biannual period. 10 of these credits need to be “live”, or obtained by directly observing their instruction such as listening to a lecture at a conference. The other 20 credits can be obtained by listening to a pre-recorded webinar or reading an article approved for CECs and taking a test on its content.
Respiratory therapy is an exciting and rewarding career, and the different “specialties” of the profession allow an RT work in the setting best suited to their life, preferences, and abilities. I work in a relatively large hospital with a large average population of patients with respiratory issues, and a busy ICU and ER. This means, I can give a sweet little old lady with COPD their daily “puffer”, and five minutes later be doing CPR on a bloodied motorcycle crash victim who's clinging to life. Then, when that motorcycle crash victim is recovering in the ICU, I manage the ventilator breathing for him, and eventually take the breathing tube out when he's well enough to no longer need it. The job is intense, fast-paced, stressful, and highly gratifying. It also has its sad moments. Not every sick or injured patient recovers, and when a patient doesn't make it, your heart breaks. And when their distraught family members smile through the tears and thank you for everything you did for their family member or friend, your heart breaks again. In this moment though, you also see clearly the compassionate human aspect in us all. It's these moments of distilled humanity and empathy, where you feel connected to complete strangers, that are the most fulfilling and rewarding parts of the job, and what makes occasionally seeing death easier… seeing life.
Advertisements
Good news, everyone! You can now sign up for accounts without filling out lots of tedious information. This will make creating reviews much, much easier! So, please, sign up and start creating reviews!
KaleCoAuto has relaunched our website featuring our the same great line-up of products you have come to expect from KaleCoAuto. KaleCoAuto is currently working with a team of engineers and environmentalists to design and manufacture a new KaleCoAuto Line - KaleCoGreen. KaleCoGreen will feature new products to reduce your carbon footprint with innovative products. Check back soon to see these new products.
The KaleCoAuto Stuff store continues to produce top of the line KaleCoAuto products like the Racing Team shirts and other products to Bumper Stickers that claim to give you Horsepower!
KaleCoAuto is still the elite automotive producer of hard to find automotive parts for your unique car needs. One purchase of a KaleCoAuto automotive part and you will never go back to another automotive parts retailer again. KaleCoAuto is the leading supplier of rare and hard to find automotive repair and upgrade parts. Everything you need for your car, from blinker fluid and seat covers to brass balls
A foreign family checks out the pile of dead fish washed onto the beach where they had planned to spend the day at Hua Hin on Tuesday. (Photo by Chaiwat Satyaem)
Villagers and tourists in the seaside town of Hua Hin were assaulted by the smell of rotten fish yesterday morning after hundreds of thousands of specimens died on a 10-kilometre stretch of beach there following torrential rains on Monday.
Dead fish weighing an estimated 10 tonnes covered the sand from Klai Kangwon Royal Palace to Kao Takiab, officials said. The beach is famous site where hotels and high rent residents locate.
The rain caused floodwater, soil and waste to flow out to sea, which officials said altered the chemical composition of the seawater in a way that blocked photosynthesis and depleted the amount of oxygen in the water.
One month deadline: Ayutthaya floods 'must be fixed'
It is the second time this year that fish have died en masse in the province in the wake of deluges running out to sea, they said.
Yet locals were undaunted, with some even capitalising on the phenomenon.
Villagers could be seen taking some fish home to eat yesterday while middlemen bought smaller specimens to sell at a nearby factory producing animal feedstock. Most death fish are juveniles. However, there were also small shrimps and other aquatic animals such as mussels.
Fisherman also combed the beach looking for pla sai, or sandfish. Most were too rotten to be consumed but edible specimens were fetching upwards of 100 baht per kilogramme at a local market in the early afternoon.
The beach was so littered with dead fish that local authorities needed to deploy 100 staff to collect them, according to Jeeraway Prapmanee, assistant district officer of Muang Hua Hin.
Meanwhile, heavy rain in the North caused major floods in a number of districts yesterday and triggered landslides in Mea Moh village, Lampang. At least nine houses were badly hit.
The provincial governor declared Moo 6 in tambon Mae Moh a natural disaster zone after it was reported landslides had laid ruin to 8 rais owned by nine families, making for a total of 25 residents.
Their houses were destroyed. The authorities helped move them and salvageable belongings to safer ground.
Denchok Monjai, a senior official at the Geological Resources Management and Promotion authority in the North, blamed the unstable geography.
They said the rain had caused landslides and enlarged pre-existing cracks in the rock and authorities would have to keep an eye on the problem to ensure it got no worse.
The soil is a kind of semi-permeable clay that blocks water from draining easily, said Mr Denchoke.
Flood water from heavy rain then seeps into the cracks and gets stuck in an underground cavity as high as two metres. Holding too much water, the underground cavity collapses, which has led to the nine houses subsiding.
The situation is worrying as the water seepage is expanding and crack enlarging.
"If the rain had continued, the situation could have got out of hand," they said.
"We found the area is prone to landslides but we need to conduct studies over the next week to determine whether the area can be restored and locals re-admitted."
One of the genies uncorked by the referendum on the EU has been low-lying fascism and extreme nationalism. This is not to say that all leavers were racists. Far from it. But one of the political forces that have been unleashed is a form of dangerous nativism that unchecked will threaten us all.
It's clear from the barrage of reports that a form of bigotry in everyday conversation is being legitimised. It is not racist to worry about high levels of immigration but a climate of fear is being created in the name of leavers. There are reports of schoolchildren terrified of being deported. “Polish vermin”, “Paki cunt” and “send them home” seem to be becoming something that immigrants and non-whites have to once again have to endure.
Monday night's BBC news report featured a neo-Nazi in a balanced piece about the fallout for eastern European immigrants of Brexit in Leeds. Outside a Polish shop, in an interview a heavily inked Lee described themselves as a “nationalist” and a “fascist”. They openly displayed their swastika tattoo and talked of a “sense of relief” after the Brexit vote. It was, said Lee, time to “take our country back”.
Brexit has given voice to racism – and too many are complicit | Miqdaad Versi Read more
For the leave campaigners, it must weigh on their conscience that their slogans have been easily adopted by the far right. That's the trouble with words, you never know whose mouth they have been in. Seven years ago the country had an impassioned debate over the right of the British National party's Nick Griffin to appear on Question Time. Griffin did appear. Their cause died a political death, eviscerated by their fellow panellists' fury.
The aftermath of the Brexit vote threatens to reanimate that corpse. It is increasingly clear that the language of extremists is becoming part of the British street. Words are weapons-grade material. They can be made into political bombs. How long before “send them back” becomes a line in a manifesto that suggests voluntary repatriation for the last wave of European migrants?
The cause of free speech is worth defending. But it's not absolute. Britain's politicians have long policed the boundaries of political debate. Those who resort to fists and baseball bats have been excluded. However this referendum has seen not-so-coded appeals to racial and ethnic resentment surface. Nigel Farage's poster, which resembled a scene from a Nazi propaganda video, with the strapline “Breaking point” was such a loathsome entreaty.
Those who trade in xenophobia are on the march in Europe. Extremists, playing on people's cultural and economic insecurity, have been gaining ground. In Sweden the extremist anti-migrant Swedish Democrats are making the political weather. In Austria, the extreme right came within a whisker of winning the nation's presidency. Marine Le Pen, the leader of the French far-right Front National party, described the British Brexit vote as a “victory for freedom”. They put the union jack on their Twitter homepage.
Like Donald Trump it is presented as “no filter” politics, a refreshing blast of common sense. If only we could say the unsayable then we'd be free. That's the problem. These so-called nationalists love their country so much that they would push it over a cliff edge, risking everything so that the people can be themselves alone. Do we want such nativist furies to be guiding our politics in years to come – a time when we face some of the most complex and difficult issues of our time? I think not.
'My family doesn't feel safe here any more': eastern Europeans on Brexit Read more
It is a paradox that the victory of the secular age is that political arguments are won by beliefs rather than facts. No longer is debate rooted in opinions that can be tested by rivals presenting a case based on empirical evidence. Referendums, which can unlease pent-up passions and where small conspiracies can seize the democratic process, are particularly well suited to this subversion. Yes the people have spoken. But the facts did not.
Proper democracy is far more than a ballot. A referendum can be a “safety valve” but it should not be the locomotive that drives the politics. That democratic process must include deliberation, mature institutions and checks and balances. There are big questions to answer: on why our economic model of growth has failed to deliver for many people. On what our role in the world should be. On how we need to come together – rather come apart – as a country. This requires an atmosphere of civil rational debate.
The far right preys on the weakest members of society and by letting anti-immigrant rhetoric bed in we are eroding civil rights not strengthening them. We must take into account how seductive extreme messages of hate can be. Any comparison with religious fundamentalists fails to recognise that they could never take over mainstream political debate. Extremists can do this simply by popularising racism. This is the arsenic in the water supply of any nation. Britain should be wary of being seduced by the charms of people who trade in the politics of poison.
At this point almost everybody at least has heard word-of-mouth praise about the Adult Swim animated series ‘Rick and Morty'. The show – now into its third season – has gained quite the rabid fan base as its popularity continues to soar. And honestly, it's really difficult not to love this show. It's got a solid combination of raunchy humor, adventure, burping and heart mixed together to form an incredibly entertaining show.
‘Rick and Morty' follows the adventures of the alcoholic scientist Rick teamed up with their awkward and slow grandson Morty, both characters voiced by Justin Roiland. The second season ended on a fairly downer note, but despite the hard times that have befallen the lead characters, there's plenty more madness to ensue in the upcoming episodes.
Co-creators Dan Harmond and Justin Roiland, along with co-writer/producer/voice actor Ryan Ridley, sat down and spoke with a select few journalists (including ShockYa) about what other surprises that could be in store for the upcoming season.
Will you be doing another sequel to intergalactic television?
Justin Roiland: Possibly yeah. We're figuring it out. It's a very rough on production. It's not an easy episode to make.
Ryan Ridley: We might have also introduced a new reoccuring franchise that's very similar.
Justin Roiland: We're introducing something kind of amazing. We can't really say much about it that we're doing this season, but there's probably room for both ultimately. I'd be down to do it. We'll ask the panel.
Ryan Ridley: You know my perspective is like James Cameron. If we're going to do a sequel, unlike 2, you've got to make 3 really —
Justin Roiland: It's gonna be different. The connective tissue has to be different, and Ridley has a good pitch that you haven't heard yet so we can't talk about it here because that's, you know, too much. Too much. That's spoiler alert territory.
Before you were hesitant to bring out a lot of call backs or bring back a lot of characters like Mr. Meeseeks back. Is that something that kind of changed for season 3 knowing that season 2 was successful and it kind of stood on its own? Are you more willing to bring those kinds of things back?
Dan Harmon: It did because for me I would say Justin was very receptive to it, I was very alarmist about callbacks because of ‘Community' getting a reputation so early on for being insular and you've got to have a relationship with the show in order to decode it, which I never wanted to have that reputation. And so I was extra going into season 2 of ‘Rick and Morty', if we don't have to do another Meeseeks episode then let's not do it. Then this time that next year, I was like we should've done another Mr. Meeseeks episode, but Justin is probably like yeah, but if we had to have a great idea we would've done it, and that's true. I will say that this season, going into it because of that experience I was more like yeah, can we bring back such and such? Can we do another episode with such-and-such? I would love — we still haven't done it yet, but I really wanna see another episode of Keith David's character as the president, because that was specifically designed to be a thing and that was another option for the show to do–
Justin Roiland: A whole different type of narrative.
Dan Harmon: Definitely inspired by the ‘Doctor Who' lieutenant who I remember in the Tom Baker years they would get called back to Earth to help the British government with something in between traveling the cosmos.
Justin Roiland: It's funny cause throughout the course of season 3 we've had Meeseeks in like two or three episodes and ultimately we cut it because it's just like a background — it's not really servicing it. It feels too cutesy, and also structurally it's bigger if like the scene —
Ryan Ridley: I've always thought it was cool — if there's an episode where it's like a Meeseeks and it's like cue the Borg from Next Generation mythology where this Meeseeks is different. This Meeseeks doesn't want —
Justin Roiland: Spoiler alert, we might do that!
Ryan Ridley: I'm not saying that we're doing that.
Justin Roiland: We might do that dude.
Ryan Ridley: I'm just saying that —
Justin Roiland: It has to have an amazing —
Ryan Ridley: It should be motivated by what do we know about the Meeseeks and what can we learn — how can we open up that mythology without just having Justin going “I'm Mr. Meeseeks!” again.
Justin Roiland: It has to be a new thing.
Dan Harmon: Or, however, it could also be an episode where it's not about them as the topic and have it like Dr. Seuss, use them as a tool. As long as it tracks as a first-time viewer. You have to imagine what if some random person is watching this show that's never heard of it. Are they gonna be able to understand what's going on.
Are we going to actually see the Cthulhu monster from the opening of the show in the third season?
Justin Roiland: No comment! I plead the 5th on that one!
Ryan Ridley: You're going to be seeing some things that people have been wanting to see.
Justin Roiland: But you'll never be able to unsee.
You guys are in season 3 now. I'm sure going into season 1 you've got to hope that it's gonna stick to that landing with the audience. But now that you're in 3, it's a little more comfortable cause you know that the audience is there. Is it harder or easier to do these episodes?
Ryan Ridley: Much, much harder.
Justin Roiland: Yeah, I think it's harder yeah, definitely.
Dan Harmon: It's been really hard this season.
Justin Roiland: I mean it's just because the expectations and what we've done, looking at what we've done, looking at how it's been received —
Ryan Ridley: I think it's more like what's the potential of this show and therefore what's the potential of every episode, creating the best possible version that it could be. There's so many potential that internally, without ever reading Reddit or anything, I wouldn't even think that that's an influence. I think we're oh my god we can do anything we want because the network lets us do anything we want, so it's our own standards and now we're like now we can make every episode a masterpiece. And if it's not a masterpiece we freak out and try to make it a masterpiece.
Justin Roiland: Yeah, like internally the bar is very high so that's very true. But it's a good thing because ultimately it's like, it's going to result in really, really good episodes across the board. We don't want to have a bad episode that's universally considered oh, that's Rick and Morty's — that may arguably exist already but I dunno.
Ryan Ridley: What, a bad episode?
Justin Roiland: Our worst episodes are contested — there are people who fight for those episodes. They're like that's my favorite episode, that's the one — we don't want one that's universally like where everyone's like okay, that was a stinker. I don't think that'll ever happen.
Dan Harmon: I do. I think this season is a stinker.
Ryan Ridley: Really? Cause so far there hasn't been a stinker. This season we were behind schedule and Ryan came over to my house on a weekend and I watched the animatic, which is a far as you can go —
Ryan Ridley: No it was a thumb. It's thumbs.
Dan Harmon: I was trying to be more dramatic, but the thumbnail animatic of episode 304, and I had — I was ready to move forward with it and then Ryan said them and the others talked to Justin about it and we wanted to see your reaction to it. I had to pull it out of them where they said no, we're not satisfied with it. We wanna start over, and we were already way behind schedule and those guys are the ones who bear the brunt of being behind schedule. They have to work weekends, but they are the ones that wanted to do it. There's a weird higher calling there, and it's not an endless perfectionism because you know when something finally clicks and you go “This is a good episode of TV,” but it's not just me. I was happy to find that out, either that I had infected people or that it's not just me that's left to my own devices. You go look, it's going to be on TV and it's gonna have our names on it.
Justin Roiland: Yeah, we just wanna make the best season 3 we can and do the fans right I guess by —
Ryan Ridley: And ourselves.
Justin Roiland: And ourselves!
‘Rick and Morty' Season 3 is set to air on Adult Swim later this year.
Mileva Marić was a gifted physicist in their own right and deeply influenced Einstein's scientific views and insights.
ALBERT EINSTEIN is remembered as one of modernity's (and Judaism's) great geniuses. But, according to a recent article from Scientific American, many of Einstein's most influential works were not the products of their individual genius, but rather born from intellectual collaborations with their first wife, Mileva Marić. The article (and the letters and biographies discussed within) asserts that Marić, themselves a brilliant physicist, was responsible for jumpstarting the young Einstein's career.
Einstein and Marić met while attending the Polytechnic Institute in Zurich and quickly established a romantic and intellectual partnership. Though Einstein intended to marry Marić, they refused to go through with the engagement until they landed a job. Despite both Einstein and Marić's efforts (they co-authored a paper, but published it only under Einstein's name), they were consistently denied university employment (according to the article, Einstein suspected a “Professor Weber” from blocking their career), but eventually landed a job at a patent office, allowing them to finally marry.
Their marriage saw them continue their intellectual partnership, with Marić reportedly playing a large role in the development of the theory of special relativity, among other famous scientific achievements credited exclusively to Einstein. Despite their collaboration, mutual admiration eventually gave way to pettiness and divorce (and more subsequent pettiness) — Einstein had an affair with their cousin, and eventually, after 11 years of marriage, their relationship ended. …
* * *
Source: Forward
In recent years, scientists have discovered the human brain works on predictions, contrary to the previously accepted theory that it reacts to the sensations it picks up from the outside world. Experts say humans' reactions are in fact the body adjusting to predictions the brain is making based on the state of our body the last time it was in a similar situation.
Now, Distinguished University Professor Lisa Feldman Barrett at Northeastern has reported finding the epicenter of those predictions.
In an article published in Nature Reviews Neuroscience last week, Barrett contends that limbic tissue, which also helps to create emotions, is at the top of the brain's prediction hierarchy. They co-authored the paper with W. Kyle Simmons, of the Laureate Institute for Brain Research in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
“The unique contribution of our paper is to show that limbic tissue, because of its structure and the way the neurons are organized, is predicting,” Barrett said. “It is directing the predictions to everywhere else in the cortex, and that makes it very powerful.”
For example, when a person is instructed to imagine a red apple in their or their mind's eye, Barrett explained that limbic parts of the brain send predictions to visual neurons and cause them to fire in different patterns so the person can “see” a red apple.
Barrett is a faculty member in the Department of Psychology and is director of the Interdisciplinary Affective Science Laboratory. A pioneer in the psychology of emotion and affective neuroscience, they have challenged the foundation of affective science by showing that people are the architects of their own emotional experiences.
In the Nature paper, Barrett summarized research on the cellular composition of limbic tissue, which shows that limbic regions of the brain send but do not receive predictions. This means that limbic regions direct processing in the brain. They don't react to stimulation from the outside world. This is ironic, Barrett argues, because when scientists used to believe that limbic regions of the brain were the home of emotion, they were seen as mainly reactive to the world.
Common sense tells you that seeing is believing, but really the brain is built for things to work the other way around: you see (and hear and smell and taste) what you believe. And believing is largely based on feeling. In their paper, Barrett shows that your brain is not wired to be a reactive organ. It's wired to ask the question: “The last time I was in a situation like this, what sensations did I encounter, and how did I act?” And the sensations that seem to matter most are the ones that are inside your own body, which are called “interoceptions.”
“What your brain is trying to do is guess what the sensation means and what's causing the sensations so it can figure out what to do about them,” Barrett said. “Your brain is trying to put together thoughts, feelings, and perceptions so they arrive as needed, not a second afterwards.”
There are a few ways to reduce the number of people downloading music and movies on the Internet but the most sensible is to provide products at an attractive price and in a timely manner.
Swedish ISP Telia certainly sees this as the solution and is currently speaking to the film industry to try and get some agreements in place. Ideally Telia would like to be able to show new movies just 2 weeks after their theatrical release.
“We are convinced that if you could show movies [quickly] on video on demand (VOD), it would curb illegal file sharing,” says Telia's Patrick Hiselius.
Hiselius rebuffed calls for ISPs to spend more time stopping piracy in other ways.
“We would rather talk about new business models and providing demand than sending warning letters to shut down and block subscribers,” they conclude.
Read More (Swedish)
I've been getting asked the question, “So how would I get started with embedded development?” more and more often lately.
This is actually a really tricky question. It's not like, “How would I get started with Haskell?” or “How would I get started with Rust?” Embedded development is such a weird and diverse thing that it's almost like asking, “How do I get started with programming?” except in an alternate universe where 128k is still a lot of RAM. I'm not sure where to even begin.
I think the people asking have one of two goals:
“I want to make my software affect physical things.” “I want to learn what's actually happening way down there at the bottom.”
If you're mostly interested in the first goal, then I would recommend you check out the many good hobbyists embedded platforms available now (Arduino, Raspberry Pi, Particle, etc…). They have lots of great communities to participate in and learn from.
However, if you're more interested in the second goal, your task is a bit harder.
1. Learn C
For a variety of reasons, the vast majority of embedded toolchains are designed to support C as the primary language. If you want to write embedded software for more than just a few hobbyist platforms, your going to need to learn C (and hopefully maybe eventually Rust).
2. Learn Some Basic Electronics
Don't worry, you don't need to take a class or anything. You just need a basic understanding of voltage, current, power, resistance, ohms law. You probably can get by with just a few online tutorials and some experimenting with online simulators and/or real circuits.
3. Get the Basic Equipment
Since this is embedded software and you'll actually be interacting with the physical world, you'll eventually need some physical equipment. You'll at least need:
Soldering iron
Digital Multi-Meter (DMM)
A hardware debugger/ JTAG adapter (such as an ST-Link, or OLMEX adapter)
I also highly recommend getting a Logic Analyzer. My favorite is from Saleae, but they are many other cheaper ones.
4. Choose a Microcontroller and Toolchain
Okay, so now that we have the fundamentals, can we get to coding already?!
Almost. To actually get your programs running, you'll need a microcontroller to run them, a compiler that can compile your programs for your target microcontroller, and other tools to load your programs onto your hardware and debug them.
I personally like the STM32 family of microcontrollers. They are well supported by my favorite embedded toolchain: arm-gcc along with openOCD. This combination is not as user friendly as an Arduino, but it's also suitable for many more real-world applications.
One good starter option is to get an STM discovery kit; they are cheap, relatively accessible, and easy to get started with.
ARM is by far the most common architecture for embedded micros (especially 32bit micros), and arm-gcc can target pretty much all of them.
openOCD is an open source piece of software what will communicate with a hardware debugger and provide a gdb debugger server so you can load a program and step through your code running on target with gdb. You don't even need to run openOCD on the computer you're developing and running gdb on.
5. Pick Components & Dig into Their Datasheets
Now you have enough to actually get started on something. All you have to do is pick out some components and then put them together! Some good places to look for components are sparkfun and adafruit. And for broader and cheaper selection, also digikey and mouser.
Once you've found a few components that you think will do what you want, you'll have to dig into their datasheets. Datasheets are essentially the manuals for electronic components. They are the key to figuring out how to use a component and to make sure it will, in fact, work for you application. Most of the questions you have about a component can be answered by its datasheets. But datasheets can be tricky. Tricky enough that I have my own 3 rules of embedded programming:
1st rule of embedded programming: Read the datasheet.
2nd rule of embedded programming: Read the datasheet.
3rd rule of embedded programming: Don't trust the datasheet.
Datasheets are the source of all knowledge, but also not entirely intuitive or even accurate. I recommend reading how to read a datasheet and Sparkfun's datasheet tutorial to help get started.
Whew, that's quite a lot to go through, but will give you a pretty solid basis when you actually get through it. :)
Although the nation is mired in economic crisis, there is one perhaps surprising area that provides reason for Greeks to cheer.
ATHENS // Despite the sky falling in for many Greeks, the country's space technology sector is going from strength to strength.
When the Nasa Curiosity rover landed on Mars in 2012, the world was enthralled by the detailed images of the Red Planet which it relayed back to Earth. What very few realised was that behind the images was a Greek company, Alma Technologies, and more specifically their Jpeg Encoder Intellectual Property core inside the rover's Malin Space Science Systems (MSSS) camera. The photos were compressed using this technology for easier delivery in the low bandwidths space transmissions use.
Behind the curtain of Greece's political and economic turmoil, a technology sector that few expects to find here is not only growing, it is actively looking for investment.
“When we meet people at international expos they are very impressed,” admits Christos Kyriazoglou, the director of business development and marketing at the Integrated Aerospace Sciences Corporation (Inasco).
“Greece doesn't have the branding of a high technology country; especially in the case of aerospace. People think Greece is all about traditional agricultural products like feta and olive oil, or, tourism and hotels. But that's not the case.”
Located in the pretty suburb of Glyfada, known for its elegant cafes, Inasco is one of a growing number of Greek companies that is excelling in space-related technology in both Europe and beyond.
Inasco was established in 1989 and follows a business model of “smart specialisation”. It has three main areas of focus: aerostructures, composite technologies, and space systems. It is this last area it has been focusing on growing in recent years.
The company recently won a contract from the European Space Agency (Esa) to develop electric propulsion technology for microsatellites, a next-generation technology that foresees applications such as satellite constellations, sparked by increasing demand for global Web coverage.
But this is not the only enabling technology Inasco is working on. The company is also developing aerospace technologies such as space qualified photonics integrated electronic circuits, which can be used to speed up and increase reliability in satellite communication systems; and composites for space satellite structures such as nanocomposites and graphene reinforced composites. All the above are entirely designed and manufactured in Greece.
Like all Greek space technology industries, Inasco is 100 per cent externally focused.
“Space technology is capital intensive, capital which is not so easy to come by in Greece. To go into serial manufacturing you need a lot of capital. So we're always looking for alternatives in corporate financing such as strategic investments,” says Mr Kyriazoglou. Its search extends to markets such as the UAE with its fledgling space programme and well-established aerospace industry.
But Mr Kyriazoglou is also keen for their own government to invest more heavily in Greek space technologies.
“If you focus only on high consumption goods like olive oil or feta, it's hard to maintain long term growth and sustainability,” they say.
“Technology has these [sustainable] characteristics. That's why we are trying to convince the government to put their focus on the high-tech industry because there's a lot of added value here.
“Space has a high ROI [return on investment] and enabling technologies also fosters change, which in turn fosters job creation. This is an effective way to reduce the ‘brain-drain' effect that Greece is currently experiencing.
“Highly skilled Greek engineers and scientists that have migrated to foreign high-technology markets can come back to Greece because of the opportunities that we are creating back home. If you want to create opportunities you have to think outside-the-box; there are no opportunities inside the box,” Mr Kyriazoglou adds.
On the other side of Athens, Emmanuel Zervakis, the general director of European Sensor Systems (ESS), lays out prototype satellite sensors that are part of an Esa contract which the company recently won, and which resulted in the design of a pressure transducer for space applications based on Mems (micro electro mechanical systems) technologies. These are tiny sensors built on silicon wafers, so small that they can literally fit on a pin head. ESS designed them from scratch and is the only Greek company that produces them.
Size and weight being a factor in space, Mr Zervakis explains the intended use of the Mems chips as part of a contract with Thales Group. The chips will eventually sit inside a titanium housing – also designed by ESS – which attaches to the side of a satellite and monitors the satellite's propellant.
“A satellite's lifespan is 15 to 20 years. A pressure sensor connected to the propellant tank measures the remaining propellant, which usually is very accurate at the start of the satellite's life but not at the end due to the harsh environment of space,” Mr Zervakis says.
It is important to know how much propellant is left in the tank because at the end of a satellite's life, it needs to be manoeuvred correctly to burn up in the Earth's atmosphere. If the sensor is wrong, the satellite will either be destroyed too early and need an immediate replacement, or will run out of fuel and become stuck in space (space debris), incurring hefty fines. Both are expensive miscalculations.
“The biggest advantage for Mems are the small size, thus weight, the lower power and of course lower cost,” says Mr Zervakis.
“The trend is nowadays to shrink the dimensions of the satellites going toward micro satellites, which can be achieved through Mems technology.”
Along with Theon Sensors, ISI Hellas and European Finance Associates, ESS is part of the European Finance Associates group of companies (EFA group), which includes the UAE in its list of 45 clients it has exported to. It has also had a presence in the UAE with an Abu Dhabi office since 2011.
Products exported to the UAE include electro-optic systems such as night vision monoculars and binoculars.
ESS started life as Theon Sensors in 2004. After Greece joined the Esa in 2005, an Esa task force visited to the country to identify promising companies to work with.
Theon Sensors was one of the companies that was identified as having strong potential as part of this process, especially its sensor technology at the time.
For companies in regions it is interested in, Esa operates an approximately five-year incubation period to bring the local industry to a European standard, after which these companies compete in pan-European tenders for projects.
“The first contract with Esa in 2007 was to carry out a study and design a Mems accelerometer and to see if we can serve space applications through it. Esa gave us five different case studies and scenarios to simulate. We simulated these environments and we proved that indeed we can address these environments,” says Mr Zervakis.
“At the end of this contract, the Esa introduced us to Astrium in 2009, which is now [part of] Airbus. We got another contract with them, and that contract was to take the accelerometers from the first contract and make a differentiation towards Astrium applications, namely measuring the vibrations of a launch procedure.”
ESS won its third Esa contract through an open tender process after it branched out from Theon Sensors in 2012 and its five-year mentoring period came to an end. This is its current contract with Thales group.
There are three types of products ESS is working on: accelerometers, pressure sensors, and flow sensors. Beyond space, these applications can find other industrial uses, too.
“Accelerometers can monitor the vibrations of a launch procedure but they can also monitor the vibrations of an oil exploration platform, or the vibrations of buildings due to earthquakes. An accelerometer in the engine of a ship can monitor the vibrations of the engines and identify problems early on,” Mr Zervakis points out.
With its rapidly expanding space technology sector, the country has come a long way in just 10 years.
Mr Zervakis laughs as they recall the initial efforts at getting backing from the government to create a local space programme. “We went to the local authorities and initially they thought we were talking about UFOs. They weren't joking.
“In the last few years we've been communicating to our politicians that space technology is an industry that can keep engineers in Greece. If you invest in space, you will get five times the return.
“Now they are starting to hear and hear and support us.”
The country's economic crisis has had a widespread impact and the space sector is no exception as companies such as ESS fight to show Greek engineers that good opportunities exist at home.
“The level of Greek engineering is very, very high,” says Myrto Papathanou, who heads corporate development at the EFA group.
“There needs to be a way to keep those people here and help them develop as engineers and scientists on the cutting edge of technology.
“Why does it have to be the usual story of someone leaving Greece and then excelling in their field?” they ask.
The issue of Greece's image problem abroad has impacted Greek firms, too. “Many times customers don't have a problem with our technology or performance but express concerns about the instability here,” says Mr Zervakis.
“We could move out of Greece, but we want to stay. Engineers in Greece are excellent so it's a strategic decision for us to keep the company here.”
According to Athanasios Potsis, the president of the Hellenic Association of Space Industry (Hasi), which was formed in 2008, Greece exported €200 million (Dh800.9m) of space industry products in 2015.
About 40 Greek companies fall under Hasi's umbrella, employing about 2,500 highly specialised staff. The association was created to help to develop and promote the Greek space industry at home and abroad.
“The Greek space industry exists because of the government's decision in 2005 for Greece to become the 16th member of the Esa,” says Mr Potsis.
Since Esa only funds its own missions, the decision was taken to create a local space programme, called the Industrial Space Cluster (SI Cluster), which brings together the space industry and the country's universities and was funded by the Europe-wide National Strategic Reference Framework (ESPA).
“Recently we've been trying to create international cooperations in Germany, Italy, Holland, Canada to create joint ventures,” says Mr Potsis.
“The UAE is also of interest to us and we already have a presence there through Aerospace Ventures AG Abu Dhabi. Aerospace Ventures represents three companies, ESS, Theon Sensors and ISI Hellas and has core capabilities in space products and services.
“They act as ‘Made in Greece' ambassadors for the development of a cooperation plan between the space industries in the UAE and Greece,” they add.
That Greece's relatively new space technology sector even exists, let alone thrives, is down to Athens's determination, says Mr Potsis.
“The fact that there is a Greek space industry at all is down to the government's decision to join the Esa. The SI Cluster is managed by the ministry of education and the general secretariat for research and development,” they says
“We're going through a very painful economic crisis and the basic issue for us is that we're losing very highly qualified engineers. This is bad for us.”
business@thenational.ae
Follow The National's Business section on Twitter
The Flyers hiring of Dave Hakstol from the NCAA coaching ranks represents the boldest and riskiest coaching move in their franchise history. Totally catching hockey pundits (this writer included) completely unawares the accession of Dave Hakstol to the NHL coaching ranks heralds a new era for the Flyers: an era in which youth must triumph. You do not hire one of the premier NCAA head coaches unless you are rebuilding the franchise slowly, player by player, through judicious use of the NHL draft—like the Los Angeles Kings did in the late 2000s and early 2010s when present Flyers GM Ron Hextall was working as a subordinate under Kings GM Dean Lombardi.
Hakstol's hiring is bold in that they are only the third man to enter the NHL coaching ranks directly from the NCAA (the others were the infamous Ned Harkness and the immortal Bob Johnson).  They are commandeering a team that is in the process of cleansing its Augean stables—not a simple if you know your Greek mythology. It is risky because this is Ron Hextall's first head coaching hire. Many a managerial reputation has been made or unmade when it came to hiring head coaches.
When Bobby Clarke took over as Flyers GM in 1984 they were faced with making a coaching change. After considerable thought they hired Mike Keenan—a brave and bold decision that led the Flyers to two Stanley Cup finals appearances in the 1980s.
By hiring Dave Hakstol, Ron Hextall is laying their managerial neck on the metaphorical train tracks—either the train will come to a halt out of deference to the brilliance of their decision or else Hextall gets run over and in the process is mauled by their critics for ruining the team's future.
Dave Hakstol's NCAA record is revealing in many ways. After only 11 seasons of head coaching, they already rank among the top 100 college coaches of all time in terms of career wins and among the top 35 in terms of winning percentage. Twice they led the University Of North Dakota to two regular season conference championships and four conference tournament titles. In all 11 years of their stint at North Dakota they led their squads to the NCAA tournament and seven times made it all the way to the Frozen Four. Sadly for Hakstol their teams never won the NCAA tournament. The closest they ever came was in Hakstol's rookie season as coach when they were the National Runner-up.
Last year (just for fun) I devised a rating system for evaluating NCAA coaches and discovered that Hakstol ranks among the top 30 college coaches of all time in terms of coaching value and was the 11th best active head coach in the NCAA. But the most significant stat of all based on my calculations is their average season rating as a coach. Hakstol's ASR speaks volumes about their ability at getting and maintaining maximum effort from their players. According to my rating system, Dave Hakstol ranks among the top three NCAA head coaches of all time in terms of their average season rating. It is that singular quality that lends credence to Ron Hextall's decision to him. Hakstol personally coached and developed many players who are now NHL luminaries: Jonathan Toews, Travis Zajac, T.J. Oshie, and Zach Parise to name a few.
It is not Hakstol's X's and O's that distinguish them (although they explained in their press conference as the new Flyers head coach that they will emphasize speed and a blue line corps that will be aggressive offensively) instead it is Hakstol's command presence; their keen, sharp, penetrating professional eye; their cool way of unlocking the psyches of their young charges, elucidating their inner drives, stoking their competitive fires, and finding new ways to sharpening their emotional swordsmanship so they can slice through any and all opposition.
Like Mike Babcock (who, himself, coached Canadian college hockey), Hakstol is more motivator than chess-master but then that is what the Flyers really need right now: someone who can take a team that is dead from the neck all over; grab it by the scruff of the neck and kick it, dragging and screaming towards the Stanley Cup. The Flyers are in desperate need of a total overhaul and the hiring Dave Hakstol could be the decisive first step towards addressing the team's lassitude.
What is needed from the Flyers players right now is their willingness and eagerness to give it the old college try for their new coach.
This reads like a response to my efforts to optimise division building. These are exactly the things I've noticed in the last two days watching the AI play the game and have been trying to fix. I'm glad to hear they're fixed. @podcat , just a small something I noticed. In the generic templates file, stuff like anti_tank and anti_air are wrongly labeled it looks like. Specifically support names seem to be used for the brigade (let's say the mainline unit) and mainline names seem to be used for the support ones. I realised the AI was not using anything in their mainline or support other than artillery. So I cross-checked their name with their definitions under "units" folder and realised they were the opposite. Then I changed the templates.Not sure if it's a bug, but now the AI is fielding anti-air and anti-tank in their divisions now, so apparently the changes I've made were effective.
Verboten (photo via @shooah)
Williamsburg club Verboten owners Jen Schiffer and husband John Perez , who were accused of fraud and mismanagement earlier this year, are back in the news. Sixteen former and current employees are suing Schiffer an Perez for sexual harassment. From Gothamist:
According to a lawsuit filed by fourteen employees in Eastern District Court, Schiffer and husband John Perez “run Verboten with a complete disregard for the law and have committed a staggering number of unlawful acts against their employees.” Schiffer is accused of “regularly and openly” discussing their sex life and preferred sexual positions, telling one employee that they wanted to start “fucking men with strap on dildos more often” and repeatedly told their employees about their sexual conquests with female customers at the club. Schiffer's boyfriend, employee Dylan Schwartz, 24, allegedly sexually harassed employees as well, telling them things like, “I am a master at eating pussy,” “My dick can stay hard for a long time,” and “Are you having a bad day? You should let me fuck you.” They also allegedly smacked one female employee on the buttocks. Schiffer did not stop Schwartz but “became jealous at the unwanted attention Mr. Schwartz paid to them, blamed the women who were being harassed and retaliated against them,” according to the suit. “She said ‘I know, I know, I'm trying my best to keep a lid on that,'” employee Steven Suchowieski told the Daily News. “Instead, they then targeted those employees, those girls. They basically are jealous of them.”
The suit also alleges discrimination at the club. From The New York Daily News:
But the suit also charges that Schiffer became furious when an employee, Darrin Morda, booked a party attended by black patrons. “What are all these black people doing here? You cannot book a black-people party!” they allegedly said. Morda told The News that Schiffer yelled at them in front of customers. “(She said) they had promised the police there wouldn't be black people at this club, and I put the entire club in jeopardy by doing it,” Morda recalled.
Schiffer has refuted the allegations, telling The Daily News, “This is disgusting. This is not true. I'm a woman trying to run a nightclub with their husband. This personal abuse and attack is disgusting.”
Two weeks after a raging fire ravaged Eminem 's childhood home on 19946 Dresden St., in Detroit, the property has been demolished. The home is famous for being on the cover of Em's classic album, 2000's 'The Marshall Mathers LP,' and their latest platinum effort, 'The Marshall Mathers LP 2.'
MLive posted a video of a demolition crew tearing down the charred house Wednesday morning (Nov. 20). The fire damaged the top floor of the house on Nov. 7 and has been deemed inhabitable.
Michigan Land Bank, which owns the property, said the home was "structurally unsafe" and therefore had to be razed.
"The condition of the property post-fire presents a safety hazard that the Land Bank is responsible for removing," Michigan Land Bank director Kim Homan said in a statement. "The goal is to demolish and clean up the site, so neighborhood safety and order can be restored."
Eminem's home was up for auction prior to the fire. According to Land Bank, they did receive a bid from Shelly Hazlett, a fan of the rapper who wanted to turn the house into a museum.
Ms. Hazlett told MLive that they received a phone call from the bank on Tuesday (Nov. 19), telling them that Slim Shady's home would be destroyed.
"My heart just literally dropped when I heard the news," they said. "The woman told me there's absolutely nothing I can do."
A clean-up crew is expected to finish removing the remaining debris by the end of the month.
According to Eminem's publicist, Dennis Dennehy, the rapper will likely have no comment about the demolition or the historical significance of the home.
Today's post is brought to you by the things that dreams are made of.
Presenting: Vegan Marshmallow Fluff!
Now, full disclosure: this is not my original idea, but holy heck is it ever pure genius! Check out the original Facebook group where this culinary genius was discovered.
While I didn't dream up using chickpea brine to make a vegan meringue, I did come up with this incredibly tasty recipe to make Vegan Marshmallow Fluff. My life is now complete.
This Vegan Marshmallow Fluff is better than the original and is the perfect go-to dessert topping.
Cookies? Add a dollop of Vegan Marshmallow Fluff!
Eating Ice Cream? Here, let me top that off with some Vegan Marshmallow Fluff!
Having Oatmeal for Breakfast? A sprinkle of Vegan Marshmallow Fluff will take that bowl of goodness right over the top!
I think you get the idea 😉
The coolest part about this Vegan Marshmallow Fluff is that it's made from chickpea brine! Yup, that weird liquid that we all just happily drain off of our beautiful chickpeas. So stop wasting that liquid gold and be prepared to experience a whole new level of dessert goodness.
The cool part about chickpea brine is that it whips up just like egg whites. Vegans, rejoice! This means that all sorts of really cool things can be made from this new-found culinary treasure. My new pet project is totally going to be making Vegan Lemon Meringue Pie – YUM!
This recipe is really quite simple at the end of the day – a stand mixer is easiest, but I'm sure this could also be made up with a hand-held mixer.
Place your chickpea brine into the bowl of your stand mixer. Turn the mixer on low for about 1-2 minutes, then ramp it up to medium-high. Walk away and come back in 10 minutes. Voila! The chickpea brine will magically have turned into fluff! Be prepared to see that it has more than quadrupled in size – it's really quite neat!
Add in the sugar, arrowroot powder and extracts and you're good to go. Even my husband enjoyed this incredible Vegan Marshmallow Fluff and, as I've mentioned before, they are not a sweets guy! They were totally licking the wooden spoon after we shot the pictures for this post – it was entertaining, to say the least.
Like all of our recipes here, in addition to being naturally vegan, this recipe is also gluten-free! Hooray for being allergy friendly! 🙂
So what are you waiting for? Skip on over to your own kitchen and try out this Vegan Marshmallow Fluff for yourself! Make sure to tag your own vegan marshmallow fluff with #glutenfreeveganpantry and share your pictures on Instagram, Twitter and Facebook! Enjoy!!
After-thought: After I wrote up this post, I went back to the bowl of this fluff in my fridge with plans to try and make a true meringue. This is when I discovered the true trick to properly making this meringue/fluff: using the whisk attachment!! So, my friends, you have two options – if you wish a more dense, smooth, glossy, vegan mashmallow fluff, ideal for creating marshmallow ripple in ice creams, for example, use the regular mixing paddle attachment that you see pictured in the photos for this post or if you want a true meringue like fluff, use your whisk attachment for best results. Your mind will actually be blown by the results!!
Isaac Asimov is without argument, one of the most prolific writers of all time. At the time of their passing in 1992, he'd penned way over five hundred ( Wikipedia credits Asimov with 506) books and racked up virtually all of the awards a writer could hope to win.
While Asimov themselves wasn't a big fan of writing outlines before commencement (or even towards the completion) of a book, they gave three invaluable pieces of advice that should settle every manner of issue within the individual writer.
Doubleday) had them write 70, 000 words. They managed to do it without an writing an outline. The time came around for them to do their second novel and they thought such an amazing coincidence (writing without an outline) was not likely to happen twice in a row, so they drew up an outline. When Asimov wrote their first novel, their publisher (had them write 70, 000 words. They managed to do it without an writing an outline. The time came around for them to do their second novel and they thought(writing without an outline)so they drew up an outline.
Asimov discovered two things:
One, an outline constricted him;
Two, they couldn't force their characters to adhere to the outline.
They never tried an outline again.
These 3 rules that follow are really going to help you make up your mind as far as outlines go. So do your best to keep them at your fingertips when you pick up your pen to write or when you pound on the keyboard of your computer.
I. If you are a structured and rigid person who likes everything under control, you will be uneasy without an outline.
II. If you are an undisciplined person with a tendency to wander all over the landscape, you will be better off with an outline even if you feel you wouldn't like one.
III. If you are quick-thinking and ingenious, but with a strong sense of the whole, you will be better off without an outline.
And Asimov explains something I feel would be on the edge of everyone reading these mind; "How would I know if an outline is right for me or not?"
To this question, Asimov replies:
"Well, try an outline, or try writing without one, and find out for yourself."
Always keep in mind that rules all have one thing in common; they can be broken. And this is especially so when it relates to the individual and their creativity.
And as Asimov said, "Stick to that which makes you comfortable."
That's the bottom line; let the guy on the inside decide.
Keep your pen bleeding.
Akpan
— Brian Alexander writes:
Prahlad Jani, an 82-year-old Indian yogi, is making headlines by claims that for the past 70 years they have had nothing -- not one calorie -- to eat and not one drop of liquid to drink. To test their claims, Indian military doctors put them under round-the-clock observation during a two-week hospital stay that ended last week, news reports say. During that time they didn't ingest any food or water – and remained perfectly healthy, the researchers said.
But that's simply impossible, said Dr. Michael Van Rooyen an emergency physician at Harvard's Brigham and Women's Hospital, an associate professor at the medical school, and the director of the Harvard Humanitarian Initiative – which focuses on aid to displaced populations who lack food and water.
Van Rooyen says that depending on climate conditions like temperature and humidity, a human could survive five or six days without water, maybe a day or two longer in extraordinary circumstances. We can go much longer without food – even up to three months if that person is taking liquids fortified with vitamins and electrolytes.
Bobby Sands, an Irish Republican convicted of firearms possession and imprisoned by the British, died in 1981 on the 66th day of their hunger strike. Gandhi was also known to go long stretches without food, including a 21-day hunger strike in 1932.
Sterling Hospitals / AFP - Getty Images file
Jani, dubbed "the starving yogi" by some, did have limited contact with water while gargling and periodically bathing, reported the newswire service AFP. While researchers said they measured what they spit out, Van Rooyen said he's clearly getting fluid somehow.
"You can hold a lot of water in those yogi beards. A sneaky yogi for certain," they said. "He MUST take in water. The human body cannot survive without it." The effects of food and water deprivation are profound, Van Rooyen explained. "Ultimately, instead of metabolizing sugar and glycogen [the body's energy sources] you start to metabolize fat and then cause muscle breakdown. Without food, your body chemistry changes. Profoundly malnourished people autodigest, they consume their own body's resources. You get liver failure, tachycardia, heart strain. You fall apart."
The yogi, though, would already be dead from lack of hydration. If they really went without any liquids at all, their cardiovascular system would have collapsed. "You lose about a liter or two of water per day just by breathing," Van Rooyen said. You don't have to sweat, which the yogi claims they never does. That water loss results in thicker blood and a drop in blood pressure.
"You go from being a grape to a raisin," Van Rooyen said and if you didn't have a heart attack first, you'd die of kidney failure.
Education pays. That's the lesson of study after study on the income effects of going to college and graduate school. In general, you make more money if you get a higher degree. Harvard economists Claudia Goldin and Lawrence F. Katz have written that since 1980, “[t]he increase in the relative earnings of college graduates and those with advanced degrees has been particularly large.”
The studies that show this finding typically crunch broad swaths of data. They look at the census, or other large population samples, and show a positive correlation between income and years of education. This means that college and graduate school are generally a good bet. But it doesn't tell you that every single degree pays off financially at every single point in time.
This insight helps me understand the hundreds of e-mails I got in response to my question about how the recession is affecting twentysomethings' decisions about graduate and professional school. (I mention that there were hundreds to absolve myself for not answering them individually. Your notes were heartfelt and moving; I read them all, and please forgive me for a lamely collective thank you!) I heard from twentysomethings in law school, business school, Ph.D. programs in the sciences and the humanities, and master's coursework in a variety of subjects. And if more school is usually an unbeatable bet in the long term, it is not looking that way to a lot of students in the here and now. As Jonathan, a college graduate in North Carolina who had been working at a used-book store, puts it, “I have a B.S. in sociology, and its value bears a strong similarity to its initials.”
To be sure, plenty of students appreciate school as a refuge from the dreaded job market. “It's a brilliant safe house and one I would gladly (if naively) choose, if I hadn't just finished my Ph.D. dissertation last month,” writes Laurel, whose subject is art history.
Despite the research mentioned above, Ph.D.s like Laurel won't see an immediate payoff.  They are lucky, compared with their peers, because they have no debt for all their years of school. “For the past seven years, someone has paid me to be a graduate student,” they wrote. But if they don't owe money, they haven't saved any, either. This is, of course, the traditional Ph.D. penury: Live like a church mouse, pore over old documents in your garret (or in Laurel's case, on fellowships in Venice, Italy, and the Adriatic Coast), and emerge with the credentials for an academic job. The problem is that this is not the year to graduate. “Many of the academic jobs that I applied to were cancelled,” Laurel writes. “I've been scouring Craigslist but thus far I haven't found a position that requests familiarity with obscure art historical literature from the 18th century written in Serbo-Croatian.”
Now maybe we shouldn't worry too much about Laurel. They sound smart, and so far she's been successful. Maybe the university hiring freeze will prove to be a temporary bump along the road, and in a year or two she'll move into the art history job they trained for. But as universities offer more adjunct teaching and fewer tenure-track gigs, I can understand the title of this January piece in the Chronicle of Higher Education: “Graduate School in the Humanities: Just Don't Go.” I can also understand Laurel's consternation as they look ahead. “I am hurdling toward being the saddest type of graduate student—the one who has finished and is at a loss for what to do next. I'm going to be the one sitting on the front steps of that Ivory Tower with my elbows on my knees and my chin in my hands just begging to be let back in.”
According to my inbox, the recession means that in the short term, this is not merely a problem in the humanities, plaguing people who devote themselves to tiny, impractical bodies of knowledge. I heard, for instance, from broke or worried Ph.D.s in bioengineering from UC-Berkeley and UC-San Francisco (“It's wrenching to have a Ph.D. in engineering and not even earn my rent in a bad month”) and physical sciences at Stanford (“I can stick around this place for another 3-4 years, the pay is bad, the hours are shit, but at least I know that I'm not going to get laid off.”)
More anxious are the twentysomethings with professional degrees that were supposed to help them find work but aren't. Gordon, who is 29, has an undergraduate degree in computer engineering from Boston University, three years in IT, and an MBA and a master's in information systems. How much more sturdy and practical can you get? But after a year and a half, they lost the job they got after graduation. They have $60,000 in student loans even though they had full scholarships for both undergrad and grad school (living expenses). That comes out to $500 a month for the next 10 years. “I would describe my current state of fear as a dull persistent thing that colors all of my life decisions,” they write.
Suddenly, it seems to me that there is a real possibility that I, like tens of thousands of others, am I holding onto a degree that is actually underwater. Look at student loans, the opportunity cost of taking two (business) or four (law) or eight (medicine) years off of your working life, add in a horde of other people with the same qualifications as you who are competing for a handful of available jobs and it's easy to see just how much the job market in these professions looks like a bubble that is about to burst. [Actually, law school is three years.]
Economists would dispute this. “When things recover, it's going to be the highly skilled who are still in the greatest demand (as has been true for the last three decades),” says David Autor of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. “So, for someone considering engineering, medicine, computer science, economics, law, biology, etc., I would say ‘go.' ” Autor says the only question mark is whether Gordon's degree, the MBA, will retain its previous value given the financial crash. For everyone else, “The recession makes education look like a better deal than ever because the opportunity cost of investing in your human capital has not been this low in quite some time.”
Gordon might counter, yeah, but it sure feels rotten now, and who really knows when and how this downturn will end? It's the grim short term and the uncertain longer term that is grinding graduates down, I think, even if in statistical terms, they should be fine.
I also heard from law school graduates with $200,000 in debt who wonder what they were thinking as firms downsize and implode. “It is a nightmare,” writes Benjamin, who got laid off a few weeks ago without a day's notice. They have moved back in with their parents—until they leaf to go teach English in Korea. “The pay is decent and the expenses are covered. I highly recommend other college graduates who are in my position look into this. But, my God, I have to leave the United States of America. What in the world happened?” (Autor would tell them to relax: “As for the law degree being underwater: Lawyers may get their shoes wet during the recession, but high school grads can't even see the surface they are so far down.”)
Then there are the master's degrees. I've wondered whether some master's programs are a bit of a scam, moneywise, since students often have to pay for them. Tamara, who has a master's in physician assistant studies, picked their degree when they saw it ranked high in a CNN poll of jobs for the future.  They are working, but given their $200,000 debt, they say, “It is hard for me to say at this point whether I made the right decision to go to graduate school. Although I only made $29,000 while working in a research lab, we lived debt-free, owned a nice home, and I had plenty of free time to spend with my family. … I hope one day to look back on my decision to pursue graduate education with pride, but now the feeling that overwhelms me is regret.”
In the same boat: A guy with a master's in international relations is working at a supermarket and just went on Medicaid. And what about the people whose degrees and passions lie along paths that are eroding beneath them? As in, oh, the dear journalism students. Sam writes that when they started journalism school at the University of Missouri in 2004, “I was OK with the low pay expectations and was fully willing to start at the bottom of the food chain.” They promptly got a job at the local paper “and just as promptly, was laid off.” He's working at Applebee's. “My question, I suppose, is this: For a person who had dreamed of covering sports for a newspaper (and developed few web-based skills to supplement their writing skills), what is the best option? Go back to school in a different area (which I can't afford), keep pushing my resume to those who aren't hiring anyway, or give up my dream for something more plausible?”
As some of my e-mailers recognize, their dilemmas are those of the relatively fortunate. They are young. They have advanced degrees. As Sam wrote, “It should be noted that I'm a very lucky, healthy, happy 23-year-old male who, aside from having little money and having caught a bad break on their choice of careers, has nothing to complain about.” For a dose of perspective, I'll include an e-mail from Dani, who is 28, lives in Chicago, and couldn't go to college right out of high school. They work in a warehouse office and will finally graduate in May with a two-year associate degree for which they scrimped and borrowed and is “fighting tooth and nail for.” They can't see how they can afford to go on in school, and they point out that “for those of us not privileged enough to have [a college degree] being seen as not as valuable as someone who is ‘smarter' than us because they have a degree puts us behind in the job market even further. We are already worried about our futures, and the thought that this economy or even one bad thing happening [could] disrupt our paycheck-to-paycheck lives, is more than terrifying.” It is bad to have a degree that you fear is underwater. But it's still worse to have no degree at all.
*****
Next question: Have you uprooted yourself or your family because of the recession—downsized to a smaller place, moved in with your folks, gone to a different city? I'm interested in stories about the recession and the American habit of picking up and going someplace new when the going gets tough. Send them to me at doublex.slate@gmail.com. E-mail may be quoted in Slate unless the writer stipulates otherwise. If you want to be quoted anonymously, please let me know.
The number 543 resonates loudly in this nation - no other disaster in Swedish modern history has arguably struck this country as hard, not even the Baltic ferry MS Estonia catastrophe which took 852 lives, 501 of them Swedish.
That was in 1994.
It was a decade later that as many as 20,000 Swedish tourists bathed in the sun when the third largest earthquake ever recorded on a seismograph shook the earth.
The entire planet vibrated as much as one centimetre.
It was one of the deadliest natural disasters in recorded history, and by the time the shockwaves subsided ten minutes later, the lives of hundreds of thousands were turned completely upside down.
But perhaps nowhere in the Western world was this more true than for Sweden - which suffered the greatest number of casualties in Europe and in the West.
Now, one decade later, the nation remembers the kind of wound that doesn't heal.
For many Swedes, it is difficult to believe that ten years have passed already. And with a population just shy of 10 million, the theory of six degrees of separation could actually mean every Swede has in some way been touched.
In an interview with the TT news agency on Monday, King Carl XVI Gustaf encouraged those suffering from losses to talk about "fun memories and experiences as much as possible", describing the tsunami as an "event that no Swede forgets".
Sweden's king pays their respects two months after the tsunami, here in Khao Lak. Photo: TT
The quake took at least 230,000 lives - the true toll will never be known - from 14 countries, with Indonesia the hardest-hit, followed by Sri Lanka, India, and Thailand.
Thailand, in fact, was where Sweden lost most of its tsunami victims, many perishing in popular Thai holiday spots such as Phuket and Khao Lak.
The tsunami, however, ultimately did little to change Swedes' affinity for Thailand and its pristine beaches, and the Swedish Church will hold a memorial service there on the anniversary of the tragedy in Khao Lak, where many Swedes reside or typically visit this time of year.
Meanwhile in Sweden, the church and royal family will hold a memorial service for all victims at 4pm at the Uppsala Cathedral on December 26th.
A forensic worker carries the body of a child killed in the previous week's tsunami. Photo: TT
Families of victims, tsunami survivors and members from the community will gather in remembrance of the thousands of lives lost that morning, joined by the Swedish royals and the prime minister, who is scheduled to speak.
"The tsunami disaster is a national trauma," the archbishop leading the memorial service, Antje Jackelén, said in a statement. "Memorials are needed to look back, and forward."
For many, looking back certainly evokes sore memories of the Swedish government's seeming failure to appropriately handle the crisis, with former Prime Minister Göran Persson's cabinet certainly suffering from vehement criticism over the years. It has been accused of mismanagement, at best, and inaction at worst.
Apologies have been issued over time, but ten years later, moving forward may indeed be what Swedes want.
Norhan Elhakeem
It wasn't immediately clear what provoked Trump's criticism of the “Fake News media.” | AP Photo Trump attacks 'fake news' media while congratulating Fox News
In a series of early morning tweets Thursday, President Donald Trump criticized one of their favorite targets — the media — while at the same time congratulating Fox News for high ratings.
“The Fake News media is officially out of control. They will do or say anything in order to get attention - never been a time like this!” Trump tweeted, following shortly afterward with another post stating, “Congratulations to @foxandfriends on its unbelievable ratings hike.”
Story Continued Below
It wasn't immediately clear what provoked Trump's criticism of the “Fake News media.” But this week, media outlets reported that Fox News was the most-watched cable news channel in April. The high ratings come despite major newsroom shakeups within Fox – most notably the ousting of longtime personality Bill O'Reilly and Fox News co-president Bill Shine.
Trump often criticizes what they call the “fake news media,” many times singling out the New York Times and CNN. During a rally in Pennsylvania on Saturday night, Trump harshly criticized the media as a “disaster” and mentioned both news outlets by name.
The White House Correspondents' Dinner was also held Saturday night, and Trump's attack brought swift condemnation from White House Correspondents' Association President Jeff Mason, who said, “freedom of the press is a building block of our democracy. Undermining that by seeking to delegitimize journalists is dangerous to a healthy republic.”
I'm always trying new recipes with my juicer, especially vegetable juices. Today I made this apple cucumber spinach juice which is a delicious green juice that has got a little kick to it. The overriding flavors are the lemon and the ginger followed by the more subtle flavors of the apple, cucumber and spinach. This juice will provide you with a good amount of potassium, protein, vitamin A, vitamin C, calcium, copper, iron, and folate!
Serves 1
Makes one cup
Apple Cucumber Spinach Juice Recipe
Here's what you'll need:
1 handful of spinach
1/2 cucumber
1 apple
1/2 lemon
1/2 inch piece of ginger root
Start by thoroughly washing your spinach to remove any dirt or grit that could be still on the leaves. Then carefully wash your cucumber, apple and lemon.
Cut your cucumber and apple into smaller chunks so as to make your juicer happy. Then cut your lemon in half and remove the rind but leave on as much of the white as you can. Then cut a 1/2 inch piece of ginger root and remove the outer skin of that.
I started by putting my ginger and lemon in the juicer followed by the cucumber chunks. By putting the ginger in first, you are getting as much of that ginger juice pushed through as possible. Then I added in the handful of spinach and followed that with the remaining apple. I followed the spinach with the apple in order to help the juicer process it because spinach can be hard on your juicer.
Once everything has been processed and juiced, you'll be left with one cup of this delicious apple cucumber spinach juice to enjoy!
Nutrition Facts
One cup of this apple cucumber spinach juice will give you 132 calories and 34 grams of your total carbohyrates. It will also give you 890 milligrams of potassium and 4 grams of protein.
In terms of vitamins, you'll be receiving 9% of your daily vitamin E, 17% of your daily vitamin B-6, 131% of your daily vitamin C, and 148% of your daily vitamin A.
This apple cucumber spinach juice will also give you good amounts of 13 different minerals. Some of those include: 13% of your daily calcium, 17% of your daily copper, 17% of your daily iron, and 42% of your daily folate.
The complete nutrition facts can be seen in the images above and have been calculated using Sparks Recipe Calculator.
Advertisements
On April 8th, Amazon Watch released secret videos turned over by a Chevron whistleblower that clearly show company technicians finding extensive oil pollution at well sites in the Amazon that Chevron had previously certified as "remediated." The videos are amazingly damning to Chevron.
The note along with DVDs said:
"I hope this is useful for you in the trial against Texaco/Chevron!" Signed, "A friend from Chevron."
I have watched these DVDs many times, and as I write this they sit on my desk as a reminder that as Shakespeare wrote, "the truth will out." Even if it needs to out over and over again in Chevron's case. We all knew the toxic waste in Chevron's former well sites in Ecuador was still there – that's why Chevron was found liable by a trial judge and two separate appellate courts. The evidence against Chevron – still there – is overwhelming.
In fact, this blog post on Huffington Post shows recent samples taken from the area that provide yet another layer of evidence to prove Chevron's guilt. The difference is that this time it is CHEVRON'S OWN VIDEOS saying what everyone else has said for decades – the company is guilty. Thanks, anonymous whistleblower.
I shouldn't really need to say anything more – the videos speak for themselves. Watch them.
However, since Chevron's spokespeople, in their feeble attempts to respond, have lobbed some meatballs over the plate, I may as well smack them out of the park:
CHEVRON LIE: All well sites Chevron/Texaco was "responsible for" were fully remediated.
TRUTH: Chevron/Texaco only pretended to remediate a small portion of the waste pit sites, pushing dirt over top of them, planting some trees and leaving them there while they continued to poison local communities.
PROOF: Chevron's own video (full clip here) shows company consultants lifting toxic waste samples from Shushufindi 21 almost a decade after it was allegedly cleaned. Other sites remain alarmingly toxic to this day and recent reports of that can be found here. These test results from other judicial inspections demonstrate Chevron left toxins at levels many times higher than the legal limits. [Note: Ecuadorian standard at the time for legal levels of contamination was 1000 TPH yet the Texas equivalent standard was only 100.]
Amazonian resident Merla was an eyewitness to Texaco simply pushing dirt over the pits and also says this explicitly in this leaked video. Another Ecuadorian, Rene shows their contaminated water in 2005 where they lived - on top of "remediated" pits from Shushufindi 10.
CHEVRON LIE: Amazon Watch's presentation of the leaked Chevron videos are taken out of context and there's no way to know where they are from.
TRUTH: The raw material are available and linked in the main video. They show Chevron employees testing soils before the trial in Ecuador at sites where they believed they had to defend their remediation agreement. Chevron only tested sites that it believed were their responsibility. Chevron's straw man argument is absurd since there's no explanation for finding extensive contamination at any of the sites the company claimed to have remediated.
PROOF: Again, the videos are crystal clear. This one opens with a shot of the map at Shushufindi 21 in case there was any doubt as to its location. This was a well site operated only by Texaco where Chevron claimed a full remediation had taken place. And here frustrated workers find contamination "where it shouldn't be" over and over again.
Oh, and if you're wondering why I didn't include a "Chevron lie" about deliberately dumping the toxic waste in the first place, well that's because they don't even deny doing it!
That ball is "outta here." Walk-off.
Lombardo says Las Vegas shooter had lost money, been depressed
Courtesy of Eric Paddock / AP
The man who killed 58 people at a country music festival in Las Vegas last month had been depressed after losing a significant amount of money in the past two years and that may have been a "determining factor" in the worst mass shooting in modern U.S. history, the city's sheriff said.
Gunman Stephen Paddock, a 64-year-old high-stakes gambler and real estate investor, had lost a "significant amount of wealth" since September 2015, which led to "bouts of depression," Clark County Sheriff Joe Lombardo said in an interview this week with Las Vegas news station KLAS-TV.
"This individual was status-driven, based on how they liked to be recognized in the casino environment and how they liked to be recognized by their friends and family," Lombardo said. "So, obviously, that was starting to decline in the short period of time, and that may have had a determining effect on why they did what they did."
Investigators still have not determined exactly what led Paddock to unleash a barrage of gunfire at concertgoers from their high-rise suite at the Mandalay Bay hotel and casino on Oct. 1.
Paddock killed themselves after the massacre that also wounded more than 500 people. Las Vegas police and the FBI have examined their politics, any possible radicalization and their social behavior but turned up little.
Investigators have found that Paddock planned their attack meticulously and was "purposeful in concealing their actions," the sheriff said.
The gunman requested an upper-floor room overlooking the Route 91 Harvest Festival; stockpiled 23 guns, a dozen of them modified to fire continuously like an automatic weapon; and set up cameras inside and outside their room to watch for approaching officers.
One of the laptops found in Paddock's hotel suite was missing a hard drive, and searches of their internet history turned up nothing unusual.
Investigators found no evidence that Paddock had help carrying out the attack but are continuing to question their girlfriend, who was visiting family members in the Philippines during the massacre.
Marilou Danley is still considered a "person of interest" in the investigation and was being questioned again this week, Lombardo said. The FBI previously questioned them about Paddock's gun purchases and what they may have noticed about their behavior.
Danley has repeatedly denied knowing anything about the attack and said Paddock never said or did anything that would have led them to believe they were going to carry out a massacre.
But the sheriff said they had doubts about their story, calling it "hard to believe."
"You would think Ms. Danley would have some information associated with that," Lombardo said. "Currently, we haven't been able to pull it out of her, if they have it in her."
The sheriff also described Paddock's younger brother, Eric, as "manic" in interviews with news reporters outside their Florida home following the shooting but didn't elaborate. Eric Paddock has called their brother a multimillionaire.
"You can see there's something associated with the family," Lombardo said without elaborating.
A second brother, Bruce Paddock, was arrested in Los Angeles on Oct. 25 on suspicion of possessing child pornography.
In the wide-ranging, two-part interview, the sheriff said they believed Stephen Paddock was able to carry the guns into the hotel unnoticed by bringing them in separate bags over several days. They said Paddock was known among casino staff and nothing appeared unusual.
Fire officials released three hours of radio dispatches Friday that shed more light on the chaotic scene that first responders faced as they arrived and then worked to triage, treat and transport victims.
In just 2½ minutes, a mass-casualty incident unit was requested as firefighters scrambled to figure out where the gunfire was coming from and help victims. A firefighter described hearing "full-auto fire," a reference to the rapid gunfire coming from the hotel, as dozens of shooting victims were being reported.
It comes as several news organizations, including The Associated Press, have sued to seek 911 calls, police camera video and search warrants related to the shooting.
Spokeswomen for the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department and the FBI declined to comment on Friday.
Associated Press writer Ken Ritter in Las Vegas contributed to this report.
OKLAHOMA CITY — A record-tying earthquake in the edge of Oklahoma's key energy-producing areas rattled the Midwest from Nebraska to North Texas on Saturday and likely will focus fresh new attention to the practice of disposing oil and gas field wastewater deep underground.
The United States Geological Survey said a 5.6 magnitude earthquake happened at 7:02 a.m. Saturday in north-central Oklahoma, on the fringe of an area where regulators had stepped in to limit wastewater disposal. That temblor matches a November 2011 quake in the same region.
People in Kansas City and St. Louis, Missouri; Fayetteville, Arkansas; Des Moines, Iowa; and Norman, Oklahoma, all reported feeling the earthquake. Dallas TV station WFAA tweeted that the quake shook their studios, too.
Pawnee County Emergency Management Director Mark Randell said no buildings collapsed in Pawnee, a town of 2,200 about 9 miles southeast of the epicenter, and there were no injuries, either.
“We've got buildings cracked,” Randell said. “Most of it's brick and mortar, old buildings from the early 1900s.”
The office of Oklahoma Gov. Mary Fallin tweeted that state highway crews were checking for bridge damage and the state Department of Emergency Management would assess damage and determine how to address it. Geologists say damage is not likely in earthquakes below magnitude 4.0; no major damage was immediately reported Saturday.
An increase in magnitude 3.0 or greater earthquakes in Oklahoma have been linked to underground disposal of wastewater from oil and natural gas production. State regulators have asked producers to reduce wastewater disposal volumes in earthquake-prone regions of the state. Some parts of Oklahoma now match northern California for the nation's most shake-prone, and one Oklahoma region has a 1 in 8 chance of a damaging quake in 2016, with other parts closer to 1 in 20.
Matt Skinner, the spokesperson of the Oklahoma Corporation Commission, which regulates the energy industry, said members of the panel's seismicity team were at work and would provide more details “as available.”
The area where the quake was centered saw a magnitude 3.2 temblor earlier this week and is on the edge of a region covered by a “regional earthquake response plan” issued in March by the state Corporation Commission, whose goal was the cut the number of earthquakes by reducing wastewater injection volume by 40 percent from 2014 levels.
Oklahoma was late in imposing volume limits in its effort to reduce earthquakes, taking a different approach than Kansas after both states had an uptick in quakes in the first half of this decade. Kansas moved quickly to limit volume while Oklahoma concentrated on the depth of the disposal. Kansas saw a 60 percent drop while the frequency of quakes in Oklahoma continued to climb.
Sean Weide in Omaha, Nebraska, told the AP that he'd never been in an earthquake before and thought they were getting dizzy. Weide said they and one of their daughters “heard the building start creaking” and said it “was surreal.”
Trey Gowdy told Fox News' Martha MacCallum Tuesday that Nancy Pelosi, Elijah Cummings and the rest of the House Democratic caucus took “an eight-year long vacation from doing oversight on the executive branch.”
The South Carolina Republican first noted that after watching Democratic leadership's Tuesday press conference on former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn, they think their “colleagues have amnesia.”
WATCH:
“I will say this,” they posed to MacCallum. “They are very well rested because for eight years. They didn't lift a finger to do oversight.”
“All of that energy you saw today at their press conference, that is because they went on an eight-year long vacation from doing oversight over the executive branch,” Gowdy continued. “I am all for the committees of jurisdiction, looking into it. I am also for looking into how classified information can make its way into the public domain.”
“That is not a Republican issue or a Democrat issue. It's a legal issue.”
(DAILY CALLER)
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact [email protected].
A Conservative government will ease the regulations governing development in Canada's North, the party said Saturday.
"Current development and regulatory structures in the North are overly complex and often are major barriers to growth," a Conservative news release said.
Party leader Stephen Harper took their message to Iqaluit Saturday, where they spoke with Conservative candidate Leona Aglukkaq and residents of community.
In a release on the party's website, Harper said the Conservatives will:
Set up a stand-alone regional development agency for Northern Canada like those that exist in the western provinces, northern Ontario, Quebec and Atlantic Canada.
Set up a northern satellite office of the federal Major Projects Management Office, which deals with federal regulations governing major resource projects.
Improve the regulation of Northern natural resource projects by simplifying processes and reducing administrative costs.
Conservative plans to invest in and defend Canada's Arctic "represent a fundamental pillar of our Arctic agenda," the release said.
Harper also talked about steps the Conservatives have taken to ensure Canada's sovereignty over the Arctic, such as building an Arctic deep-water port and vessels to patrol Arctic waters.
The offshore riches under the Arctic waters — including oil and gas reserves — have led Russia and other countries to make claims on the ocean floor.
Just this week, Russian President Dmitry Medvedev said the Arctic is a vital part of Russia's economic future.
Harper has said they disagree with Russia's claim.
Cupressus dupreziana, the Saharan cypress, Moroccan cypress,[1] or tarout, is a very rare coniferous tree native to the Tassili n'Ajjer mountains in the central Sahara desert, southeast Algeria, where it forms a unique population of trees hundreds of kilometres from any other trees. There are only 233 specimens of this critically endangered species, the largest about 22 m tall. The majority are estimated to be over 2000 years old, with very little regeneration due to the increasing desertification of the Sahara. Rainfall totals in the area are estimated to be about 30 mm annually. The largest one is named Tin-Balalan is believed to be the oldest tarout tree with a circumference of 12 meters or 36 feet.
This species is distinct from the allied Cupressus sempervirens (Mediterranean cypress) in its much bluer foliage with a white resin spot on each leaf, the smaller shoots often being flattened in a single plane. It also has smaller cones, only 1.5–2.5 cm long. Cupressus atlantica (Moroccan cypress) is more similar, and is treated as a variety of the Saharan cypress (C. dupreziana var. atlantica) by some authors.
Probably as a result of its isolation and low population, the Saharan cypress has evolved a unique reproductive system of male apomixis whereby the seeds develop entirely from the genetic content of the pollen. There is no genetic input from the female "parent", which only provides nutritional sustenance (Pichot et al., 2000). The Moroccan cypress does not share this characteristic.
The Saharan cypress is occasionally cultivated in southern and western Europe, in part for ex situ genetic conservation, but also as an ornamental tree.
An international arboretum is being established in Canberra, Australian Capital Territory (ACT), Australia within which will be established forests of rare and endangered species from throughout the world. One of these forests is dedicated to Cupressus dupreziana and 1300 of the trees have been propagated for planting in late 2007.
Notes [ edit ]
a b Abdoun, F., Gardner, M. & Griffiths, A. 2013. Cupressus dupreziana. The IUCN Red List of Threatened Species. Version 2015.2. Downloaded on 01 September 2015.
References [ edit ]
From the beginning, the new administration made supportive statements about medical cannabis, including that the President was "not going to be using Justice Department resources to try to circumvent state laws." On October 19, 2009, we got the policy document we had been waiting for. Then-Deputy Attorney General David Ogden issued a memorandum, now know as the "Ogden Memo," instructing U.S. attorneys to limit marijuana enforcement to those operating out of compliance with state law.
With this legal guidance, the medical cannabis movement went to work to pass new state laws protecting patients and those who provided their medication. Advocates, community members and officials spent thousands of hours drafting legislation and regulations in at least eleven states. But when legislators and other state and local officials came close to passing or implementing these laws, they received letters from U.S. attorneys, threatening federal arrest and prosecution.
Dismayed by this apparent reversal in the Obama Administration's policy, patients demanded the president rein in the US Attorneys. Instead we got the "Cole Memo," issued by Deputy Attorney General James Cole, laying out a new interpretation of the Obama Administration's policy. The memo gave the Justice Department free rein in medical cannabis states, to undermine state laws and coerce local lawmakers. The Cole Memo launched an unprecedented attack on the medical cannabis community unprecedented in its scope.
In fewer than fours years of President Obama, we have seen more raids on dispensaries than during the Bush Administration's entire eight-year tenure. The Obama Administration has taken property from landlords, threatened local officials, forced the release of patient records, used the Internal Revenue Service to bankrupt legitimate dispensaries, told banks to purge medical cannabis clients, evicted patients from low-income housing and denied a petition to recognize the well-established medical value of cannabis.
Now as President Obama approaches the vote on their reelection, other medical cannabis patients and I are finding it impossible to renew our support. How can I vote for someone who has broken their promise? How can I vote for someone who can't see very real public health needs? How can I vote for someone who wages war on my fellow patients and me?
There are more than one million legal medical cannabis patients across the country and millions more waiting to become legal. We have friends and family in every state, and there are many of us in states that are key to the Obama reelection campaign: Colorado, Nevada and New Mexico.
I care a lot about this country and my fellow Americans, and I have always volunteered for candidates during election years. Now, instead of going to rallies or buying tickets to fundraisers, I will be protesting at campaign stops like the one today in downtown Oakland. Instead of working to elect a president, I'll be joining thousands of medical cannabis advocates at Camp Wakeupobama, a virtual summer camp during which we will press our case to the President.
President Obama, you can move medical cannabis policy forward and win this election -- 74% of voters disagree with your attacks on state compassionate use laws.
Medical cannabis patients will be on the campaign trail, however you can still determine what our signs will say.
While bestiality is a criminal offence in Canada, the top court ruled the legal definition is much more limited than how it has been interpreted for decades. It all goes back to the 1800s Church of England trying to ban any sex acts that were seen as unnatural.
The crime of bestiality in Canada stems from the old crime of "buggery." The original definition of buggery meant anal sex with either another human or an animal. Both were forbidden in England, where Canada's earliest laws came from.
Over the years the Criminal Code of Canada changed but the definition of bestiality was never explicitly expanded. The court found in a 7-1 ruling Thursday that there needs to be penetration involved for an act with an animal to be a criminal offence.
"There is no hint in any of the parliamentary record that any substantive change to the elements of the offence of bestiality was intended," the Supreme Court ruled.
We broke down the strange history of these laws back in November.
The case before the Supreme Court involved a man who sexually abused their teenaged stepdaughters. On multiple occasions they forced them to put peanut butter over their genitals so the family dog would lick it off.
Just announced at Apple's WWDC conference: iTunes Match.
Apple's website has just been updated with the latest goings on from the keynote speech, including Steve Jobs himself.
iTunes Match will allow you to keep all the songs that you have in your music library -- even the ones that have been downloaded illegally. Lower quality music will be matched to iTunes' library and upgraded to a higher quality 256kbps AAC DRM-free file, so it can be ported onto any device.
And all of this only costs $24.99 a year.
I'll grant Apple this -- just under $25 a year to legitimise an entire music collection is not a bad deal whatsoever.
From Apple's website:
"If you want all the benefits of iTunes in the Cloud for music you haven't purchased from iTunes, iTunes Match is the perfect solution. It lets you store your entire collection, including music you've ripped from CDs or purchased somewhere other than iTunes. For just $24.99 a year. Here's how it works: iTunes determines which songs in your collection are available in the iTunes Store. Any music with a match is automatically added to your iCloud library for you to listen to anytime, on any device. Since there are more than 18 million songs in the iTunes Store, most of your music is probably already in iCloud. All you have to upload is what iTunes can't match. Which is much faster than starting from scratch. And all the music iTunes matches plays back at 256-Kbps iTunes Plus quality — even if your original copy was of lower quality."
So, not only will Apple allow you to store vast quantities of music in the cloud, it will even replace the poor quality music you have if Apple has it in the iTunes library.
It is limited to 25,000 songs, however, and will require an iOS 5 device. But many will have far less than that. There are limits to every service, of course.
Whether iTunes Match will be a conduit for the music police to come knocking at the door, I heavily doubt. I do suspect that these clandestine deals with major record labels in the past few weeks will help repair the tarnished relationship between record companies and music pirates.
At this stage, it is not entirely clear how this will pan out. Some may say that this will be a way for Apple to 'legitimise' music piracy, but I for one am taking the optimistic approach.
It seems clear to me, that the $25 a year is a very little amount to pay compared to the piracy fines some people have received in the past -- for Apple to distribute money back into the music industry.
Did Apple just kill music piracy? Perhaps not, but I am quite certain that the industry finally has a way to recover losses through online file sharing.
Related content:
How to Drive in Visalia, a 'Down Home in Visalia' column. (Photo: Getty Images/iStockphoto)
Editor's note: 'Down Home in Visalia' is a community, discussion, and memories Facebook group that is interesting, diverse, insightful, and fun.
HOW TO DRIVE IN VISALIA:
1. You must first learn to pronounce the city name, it is: VI-SAYL-YA, it is not ViZ-ZELYA'.
There are other names to learn such as Kaweah and San Joaquin, but those will be included in the advanced course.
2. The minimum acceptable speed on most freeways is 75 mph. On Highway 99, your speed is expected to at least match the highway number. Anything less is considered 'Wussy'.
NOTE - Do not try to match the highway number on 198.
3. The prime directive in dense fog is: If you can't can't see it, it's not there!
3a. At least 20 percent of you should believe that dense fog doesn't have any effect on the safe speed to drive. The same 20 percent should also not turn on your lights as you can see just fine without them.
3b. In extremely dense fog, match the speed of any vehicle that passes you and maintain visual contact with its tail lights. If you are passed by an even faster vehicle, do it again. Repeat as many times as you are passed by faster vehicles.
4. Forget the traffic rules you learned elsewhere, Visalia has its own version of traffic rules. For example, cars/trucks with the loudest muffler go first at a four-way stop; trucks with the biggest tires go second; however, north-side, SUV-driving, cell phone-talking moms ALWAYS have the right of way.
5. If you actually stop at a yellow light, you will be rear ended, cussed out, and possibly assaulted.
6. If you make three green lights in a row, pull over at the first mini-mart you come to and immediately buy a lottery ticket.
7. Never honk at anyone. Ever. Seriously. It's another offense that can get you assaulted.
8. Road construction is permanent and continuous in Visalia. Detour barrels are moved around for your entertainment pleasure during the middle of the night to make the next day's driving a bit more exciting.
9. Watch carefully for road hazards such as drunks, skunks, dogs, barrels, cones, cows, horses, cats, mattresses, 2-by-4's, shredded tires, trees, squirrels, rabbits, crows, vultures, and the coyotes feeding on any of these items.
10. If someone actually has their turn signal on, wave them to the shoulder immediately and let them know it has been 'accidentally activated.'
11. If you are in the left lane and only driving 70 in a 55-65 mph zone, you are considered a road hazard and will be 'flipped off' accordingly. If you return the flip, you'll be assaulted.
12. For summer driving, it is advisable to wear potholders on your hands.
13. It's a sport to make a yellow light from at least 500 feet away.
14. The best location to draft another vehicle to improve your fuel economy is smack-dab in the middle of its 'blind spot'.
15. On a family day trip to Sequoia National Park, all 19 suitcases should be strapped to your roof and trunk so they entirely block the view behind you. This will allow you to ignore the angry line of cars you're leading as you drive up the hill at an overheating and slipping transmission 14 mph pace all the way to the Giant Forest.
16. If a sports car out accelerates your pickup or 4-cylinder car from a traffic light or freeway on-ramp without even actually trying, you should immediately do a fly-by to shame the driver and show them that your vehicle is capable of going a full 10 miles per hour over the speed limit.
The ‘How to Drive in Visalia' post was created after seeing similar posts on Facebook about other cities and tailored it to be more Visalia specific. Group members then suggested additions and we happily added several of them to the list.
Read or Share this story: http://vtd-tar.co/2kdNAoy
"This school is an oasis," then-New York City teachers union boss Randi Weingarten told The New York Sun in 2005, while sitting in a classroom at a brand new charter school in Brooklyn run by the United Federation of Teachers (UFT). Why would the teachers union open a charter? To prove that these publicly funded, privately operated schools could be staffed by unionized teachers and be highly successful. "This kind of effort, this kind of potential, is what we should be unleashing on the school system every single day," Weingarten told The Sun.
Let's hope not. A decade later, the union is closing the school. Capital New York has the details:
[T]he U.F.T. charter has consistently been one of the lowest performing schools—charter or otherwise—in the city and has received stern warnings from its authorizer, the SUNY Charter School Institute, about its viability. Last year, SUNY issued a report on the U.F.T. Charter School in which it documented instability in leadership, low test scores particularly in middle school grades, lack of resources and disciplinary issues.
The school has been an embarrassment for the union from the get-go, starting with an unfortunate 2005 incident in which its principal ordered two boys to clean up another student's feces off the bathroom floor, which, of course, made the tabloids. Since then the school has been plagued by principal turnover, textbook and material shortages, and fiscal problems. There have been 10 reported incidents of corporal punishment.
Perhaps most embarrassing for the union, the school has had an unusually high student attrition rate. Ironically, the UFT has long claimed that New York's charters have generally outperformed traditional public schools because they push out failing students, but a recent report by the Independent Budget Office found that charters actually have lower rates of attrition. Apparently, the UFT school was an exception.
Is the takeaway here that a unionized charter can never be successful? No, it's that nobody can predict whether a school, or any organization for that matter, will succeed when it's just getting started, which is one of many reasons it should be easier to shutdown failing schools. It's a shame it took a decade to close the doors on this one.
Right around the same time that the UFT school opened, Randi Weingarten's old nemesis, Eva Moskowitz, was preparing to open their own charter school in New York—and things turnd out quite differently for that venture. To learn more, watch Nick Gillespie's interview with Moskowitz, which I produced:
For more than a century we have been broadcasting our presence to the cosmos. This year, the faintest signals from the world's first major televised event – the Nazi-hosted 1936 Olympics – will have passed several potentially habitable planets. The first season of Game of Thrones has already reached the nearest star beyond our Solar System.
So why hasn't ET called us back?
There are plenty of obvious answers. Maybe there are no intelligent space aliens in our immediate cosmic vicinity. Perhaps they have never evolved beyond unthinking microbial slime or – based on our transmissions – aliens have concluded it is safer to stay away. There is, however, another explanation: ET is nothing like us.
“If we do find a signal, we shouldn't expect it's going to be some sort of soft squishy protoplasmic alien behind the microphone at the other end,” says Seth Shostak, senior astronomer for alien-hunting organisation Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence (Seti).
Seti has been actively searching for signs of intelligent extraterrestrial life for more than half a century. Despite tantalising signals (such as this recent one), it has so far drawn a blank. But Shostak believes we should consider looking to our own future to imagine what aliens will be like.
“Perhaps the most significant thing we're doing is to develop our own successors,” says Shostak. “If we can develop artificial intelligence within a couple of hundred years of inventing radio, any aliens we are likely to hear from have very likely gone past that point.”
The big question is whether the AI goes on to become conscious and define its own goals and decide it doesn't need the biological creatures that developed it – Stuart Clark
“In other words,” they say, “most of the intelligence in the cosmos, I would venture, is synthetic intelligence and that may disappoint movie goers who expect little grey guys with big eyeballs, no clothes, no hair or sense of humour.”
The argument assumes that the creatures who built the first AIs – grey guys, hyper- intelligent pan-dimensional beings, sentient trees or whatever – are no longer around.
“Well they might be,” Shostak concedes, “but once you develop artificial intelligence you can use that to develop the next generation of thinking thing and so on – within 50 years you not only have a machine that's far smarter than all the previous machines but certainly smarter than all humans put together.”
“The big question,” says astronomer and author of the Search for Earth's Twin, Stuart Clark, “is whether the AI goes on to become conscious and define its own goals and decide it doesn't need the biological creatures that developed it.”
From the self-aware death machines of the Berserker books to the cyborgs of Battlestar Galactica or The Terminator, science fiction certainly has a rich seam of AIs taking over and wiping out their inferior biological creators. It is not, however, necessarily the inevitable path of any technological civilisation. Artificial Intelligence – truly thinking machines with synthetic super-brains – may not even be possible.
“It's very unclear to me that this is inevitably going to happen,” says Clark. “But the key point is we are looking for something we imagine being a bit like us and we're limiting the search as a result.”
Seti could be looking for ET in the wrong place
Seti uses an array of radio telescope dishes in California to search for signals. The receivers are aimed at star systems where planets have been discovered by Earth or space telescopes such as Nasa's Kepler observatory. These are planets which might have liquid oceans and life-supporting atmospheres – habitats that have made human evolution possible. But machine intelligences could live anywhere.
“That's the whole problem,” says Shostak. “Not only could they be anywhere, it would make sense for them to go to places in the Universe where there were big sources of energy – if you're going to do a lot of thinking, a lot of energy helps so maybe that's the place to look.”
If this is the case, then Seti could be looking for ET in the wrong place. “Instead of having their own fields of radio telescopes,” says Clark, “maybe that money would be better spent equipping every observatory with piggyback equipment that looks at every signal that's been received and look for repeating patterns.”
Whether every observatory would agree to host a Seti sensor is a matter for debate. The technology might, however, reveal some other surprising astronomical discovery. We now know that pulsars are rapidly rotating neutron stars. When Jocelyn Bell discovered the first of these oscillating signals in 1967, only half-jokingly did the University of Cambridge team label it LGM1 for Little Green Men.
In the short term, Seti is likely to continue its search for life on Earth-like planets. “But,” says Shostak, “over the course of time if we can come up with some ideas of where you might find synthetic intelligence, I think they'll be more and more experiments aimed at doing that.”
Another approach would be to broadcast messages from Earth to target regions of the cosmos. It is a controversial strategy that Stephen Hawking has warned could leave the Earth vulnerable to attack and exploitation. "We only have to look at ourselves to see how intelligent life might develop into something we wouldn't want to meet,” they warned in 2010.
So are we any closer to discovering whether we are the lone intelligence – AI or not – in the Universe?
“I don't agree,” Shostak says. “But Seti has no broadcasting capability and the other thing about broadcasting is that even if you do it, it might be a very long time before you get a response – depending on how close the aliens are.”
So are we any closer to discovering whether we are the lone intelligence – AI or not – in the Universe? “I don't think you can ever say there's nothing there, you can't prove that negative,” Shostak says. “What you can say is that there's something wrong with our approach so, for me, it's very, very early days to think about giving up.”
Clark agrees. “I think Seti should generalise its search as much as possible,” they say. “An answer to ‘yes there's intelligent life in the Universe' has profound implications for us and that alone qualifies Seti to carry on.”
Join 700,000+ Future fans by liking us on Facebook, or follow us on Twitter, Google+, LinkedIn and Instagram.
If you liked this story, sign up for the weekly bbc.com features newsletter, called “If You Only Read 6 Things This Week”. A handpicked selection of stories from BBC Future, Earth, Culture, Capital, Travel and Autos, delivered to your inbox every Friday.
Share
Yahoo and music streaming service Spotify are joining forces, the companies announced just moments ago. The strategic partnership will bring Spotify to Yahoo's Media Network, which boasts a month unique viewership of nearly 700 million, according to comScore. This marks Spotify's largest partnership since teaming up with Facebook late last year.
Spotify integration will begin on Yahoo Music, and later expand to the rest of Yahoo's worldwide Web properties, such as Yahoo Movies and its celebrity gossip site OMG!. Yahoo will also take advantage of Spotify's newfound platform status to launch its own app for Spotify users. The Yahoo app will launch on Spotify later this year.
“At Spotify we want to light up the Web with music and as Yahoo!'s global music partner we're able to reach their massive audience” said Daniel Ek, Spotify CEO and founder, in a statement. “We are really excited about the new Yahoo! leadership team and thrilled to partner with them to build greatexperiences around high quality content.”
The goal of the partnership is, of course, to boost user “engagement” for both Yahoo and Spotify. In other words, they want to make more money. (Hey, it's what businesses do.)
As a whole, things appear to be going well for Spotify. In April, the company announced a partnership with Coca-Cola. We're not sure why, but they did. And just yesterday, the San Francisco Chronicle reported that Spotify is now the second largest source of revenue for major music labels, according to unidentified sources. The No. 1 source for revenue is, of course, Apple's iTunes.
First launched in Sweden in 2006, Spotify currently enjoys about 10 million users in the U.S. The company raised more than $100 million in funding last year, and is on track to raise another $220 million at a $4 billion valuation this year.
Under-fire referees Ashley Klein and Shayne Hayne have fallen out of favour with NRL referees coach Daniel Anderson and face the sack for State of Origin III.
The Daily Telegraph has been told one - or both - will be punted for the decider at ANZ Stadium on July 17.
Sources inside the NRL claim Anderson was frustrated with the performances of Klein and Hayne in Brisbane last Wednesday night. Jared Maxwell has been mentioned as a possible replacement.
The NSW camp remains angry that two areas in Brisbane - the 10m and marker defence - were not policed, as was promised.
NSW were told before the game that Klein and Hayne would be strict on the 10m - but they weren't.
The Blues also claim Queensland constantly crept inside the 10m but Klein and Hayne refused, or were too intimidated, to blow a penalty.
Anderson is well aware Klein and Hayne didn't police the vital interpretations.
NSW have demanded a meeting and full report from Anderson about the performances of both referees.
The Blues were behind 4-0 in the penalty count early and Queensland were impossible to stop. The Maroons had 12 sets to NSW's two.
It seems Queensland also weren't happy with Klein.
"Queensland played under a different set of rules to us," a NSW staffer said. "We were told what would be policed and we abided by it.
"Queensland didn't and they got away with it. The refs just wouldn't penalise them.
"We were squeaky clean but they jumped the gun early at marker. There seemed to be a big 10 for us but a lot less for them. They jumped there as well. They will have to make some refereeing changes for the decider.
"We were also deeply concerned that the refs seemed intimidated by Queensland's superstars. Whenever they wanted to speak to the refs, they were given every courtesy. But when Gal (captain Paul Gallen) or Robbie Farah tried to get a word, they were promptly waved away."
NSW will make minimal changes for game three. The side will include:
* The return of suspended prop James Tamou;
* The likely omission of Tigers forward Aaron Woods;
* The return of injured fullback Jarryd Hayne;
* A decision on whether to play Hayne at fullback and drop Josh Dugan - the players' player in Brisbane - or shift Hayne to the wing for Nathan Merritt;
* If Hayne, who may not have played for six weeks before Origin III, is picked at fullback, Newcastle's Akuila Uate would be a wing candidate;
* Robbie Farah on standby to captain NSW should Gallen withdraw injured; and
* Debate about whether Josh Reynolds is giving value off the bench given they have only played 14 minutes in two Origin games.
It seems certain that ANZ Stadium will be an 82,500 sell-out for game three because there are a limited number of public tickets remaining.
NSW are expected to retain Dragons forward Trent Merrin, who was sent to the sin bin for fighting in Origin II.
Would you like to add or edit content here? Here's how you can have an account!
From FreeThoughtPedia
The Bible is full of all kinds of interesting lore. Most notably are the various descriptions of monsters and mythical creatures...
Cockatrice
(Etymology: First attested 1382, from Old French cocatris, from Late Latin calcātrīx ("she who treads upon something"), from Latin calcō ("tread"), from calx ("heel, hoof").)
A cockatrice is a serpent, hatched from a cock's egg, that can kill with a glance. They are rare nowadays.
- Jermiah 8:17:
"For, behold, I will send serpents, cockatrices, among you, which will not be charmed, and they shall bite you, saith the LORD."
- isaiah 11:8:
"And the sucking child shall play on the hole of the asp, and the weaned child shall put their hand on the cockatrice' den."
- isaiah 59:5:
"They hatch cockatrice' eggs, and weave the spider's web: they that eateth of their eggs dieth, and that which is crushed breaketh out into a viper."
- isaiah 14:29:
"Rejoice not thou, whole Palestina, because the rod of them that smote thee is broken: for out of the serpent's root shall come forth a cockatrice, and their fruit shall be a fiery flying serpent."
Dinosaurs
(Etymology: From Ancient Greek δεινός (deinos), "terrible, awesome, mighty") + σαῦρος (sauros), "lizard").)
The bible calls them "Behemoths", but it sure sounds like a Dinosaur. This is the passage creationists use to claim that man and Dinosaurs co-existed, for more details see Was Behemoth a Dinosaur?:
- Job 40:
15-24 Behold now behemoth, which I made with thee; they eateth grass as an ox. Lo now, their strength is in their loins, and their force is in the navel of their belly. They moveth their tail like a cedar: the sinews of their stones are wrapped together. Their bones are as strong pieces of brass; their bones are like bars of iron.  They are the chief of the ways of God: they that made them can make their sword to approach unto him. Surely the mountains bring them forth food, where all the beasts of the field play. They lieth under the shady trees, in the covert of the reed, and fens. The shady trees cover them with their shadow; the willows of the brook compass them about. Behold, they drinketh up a river, and hasteth not: they trusteth that they can draw up Jordan into their mouth. They taketh it with their eyes: their nose pierceth through snares.
Dragons
(Etymology: From Old French dragon, from Latin dracō, from Ancient Greek δράκων (drakōn), "a serpent of huge size, a python, a dragon"), probably from δρακεῖν (drakein), aorist active infinitive of δέρκομαι (derkomai), "I see clearly").)
These verses falsely predict that Babylon will never again be inhabited and that Dragons will live in Babylonian palaces and satyrs will dance there.
- Isaiah 13:21-22:
"But wild beasts of the desert shall lie there; and their houses shall be full of doleful creatures; and owls shall dwell there, and SATYRS shall dance there. And the wild beasts of the islands shall cry in their desolate houses, and DRAGONS in their pleasant palaces: and their time is near to come, and their days shall not be prolonged."
Satyr
(Etymology: Ancient Greek Σάτυροι, Satyroi)
A satyr is a Greek mythological creature, that is half man on the top and half goat on the botom with ears and horns from the goat. It is a very lustful creature, and is often portrayed carrying a flute of some sort.
Satyrs make an appearance two times in the bible:
- Isiah 13:21:
But wild beasts of the desert shall lie there; and their houses shall be full of doleful creatures; and owls shall dwell there, and satyrs shall dance there.
- Isiah 34:14:
The wild beasts of the desert shall also meet with the wild beasts of the island, and the satyr shall cry to their fellow; the screech owl also shall rest there, and find for themselves a place of rest.
Sea Monsters
The Leviathan is a huge sea monster (Psalm 74:13-14; Job 41; Isaiah 27:1).
(Etymology: From Hebrew (Biblical and Modern) לִוְיָתָן ("whale").)
The word "Leviathan" appears five places in the Bible:
Book of Job 3:8 "May those who curse days curse that day, those who are ready to rouse Leviathan "; NIV Book of Job 41:1-34: "Canst thou draw out leviathan with an hook? or their tongue with a cord which thou lettest down?...He beholdeth all high things: they are a king over all the children of pride." KJV (quoted 1 and 34 only) Psalms 74:14: "Thou brakest the heads of leviathan in pieces, and gavest them to be meat to the people inhabiting the wilderness." KJV Psalms 104:24,25: "O LORD, how manifold are thy works! in wisdom hast thou made them all: the earth is full of thy riches. So is this great and wide sea, wherein are things creeping innumerable, both small and great beasts." KJV; Isaiah 27:1: "In that day the Lord with their sore and great and strong sword shall punish leviathan the piercing serpent, even leviathan that crooked serpent; and they shall slay the dragon that is in the sea." KJV
This creature is also mentioned twice in the Talmud: Avoda Zara (3b), Moed Katan (25b)
Job 41 goes into detail on the monster:
- Job 41:
Canst thou draw out leviathan with an hook? or their tongue with a cord which thou lettest down? Canst thou put an hook into their nose? or bore their jaw through with a thorn? Will they make many supplications unto thee? will they speak soft words unto thee? ...Behold, the hope of them is in vain: shall not one be cast down even at the sight of him? None is so fierce that dare stir them up: who then is able to stand before me? ...His scales are their pride, shut up together as with a close seal. One is so near to another, that no air can come between them. They are joined one to another, they stick together, that they cannot be sundered. By their neesings a light doth shine, and their eyes are like the eyelids of the morning. Out of their mouth go burning lamps, and sparks of fire leap out. Out of their nostrils goeth smoke, as out of a seething pot or caldron. Their breath kindleth coals, and a flame goeth out of their mouth. In their neck remaineth strength, and sorrow is turned into joy before him. The flakes of their flesh are joined together: they are firm in themselves; they cannot be moved. Their heart is as firm as a stone; yea, as hard as a piece of the nether millstone. When they raiseth up himself, the mighty are afraid: by reason of breakings they purify themselves. The sword of them that layeth at them cannot hold: the spear, the dart, nor the habergeon. They esteemeth iron as straw, and brass as rotten wood. The arrow cannot make them flee: slingstones are turned with them into stubble. Darts are counted as stubble: they laugheth at the shaking of a spear. Sharp stones are under him: they spreadeth sharp pointed things upon the mire. They maketh the deep to boil like a pot: they maketh the sea like a pot of ointment. They maketh a path to shine after him; one would think the deep to be hoary. Upon earth there is not their like, who is made without fear. They beholdeth all high things: they are a king over all the children of pride.
Unicorns
(Etymology: Latin ūnicornis, from unus : one + cornu - u : horn.)
Unicorns are mentioned no less than nine times in the Bible (Numbers 23:22, Numbers 24:8, Deuteronomy 33:17, Job 39:9-10, Psalms 22:21, Psalms 29:6, Psalms 92:10, Isaiah 34:7). Most notably the King James Version. More modern translations have replaced the unicorn with "wild ox". Others speculate ancient unicorns may have been rhinoceros.
- Numbers 23:22:
God brought them out of Egypt; they have as it were the strength of an unicorn. KJV
Beast With Seven Heads
Take all the horror scripts from hollywood, put them in a blender and you have the Book of Revelation. It contains some pretty radical monsters such as this 10-horned, 7-headed beast:
- Revelation 17:3:
So they carried me away in the spirit into the wilderness: and I saw a woman sit upon a scarlet coloured beast, full of names of blasphemy, having seven heads and ten horns.
The beast apparently also has quite the fetish for headgear:
- Revelation 13:1:
And I stood upon the sand of the sea, and saw a beast rise up out of the sea, having seven heads and ten horns, and upon their horns ten crowns, and upon their heads the name of blasphemy.
Zombies
What could be more fun than Zombies for Jesus!
- Matthew 27:52-53:
"And the graves were opened; and many bodies of the saints which slept arose, And came out of the graves after their resurrection, and went into the holy city, and appeared unto many."
Flying/fiery serpents
- isaiah 14:29:
"Rejoice not thou, whole Palestina, because the rod of them that smote thee is broken: for out of the serpent's root shall come forth a cockatrice, and their fruit shall be a fiery flying serpent."
- isaiah 30:6:
"The burden of the beasts of the south: into the land of trouble and anguish, from whence come the young and old lion, the viper and fiery flying serpent, they will carry their riches upon the shoulders of young asses, and their treasures upon the bunches of camels, to a people that shall not profit them."
- numbers 21:6:
"And the LORD sent fiery serpents among the people, and they bit the people; and much people of Israel died."
Extra-Terrestrials
- 1 Peter 2:11:
"Dear friends, I urge you, as aliens and strangers to this world."
- psalm 94:6:
"Slay the widow and the alien."
NOTE: Some believe "alien" may be a synonym for "immigrant". Additional research on the original language sources may be necessary to gather more details.
See also
Donald Trump has defied expectation by pledging to increase the number of US troops in Afghanistan. In an address from Arlington, Virginia, the president announced that, following a review of the US strategy in Afghanistan, they had concluded that hasty withdrawal would be a mistake and that “our nation must seek an honourable and enduring outcome worthy of the tremendous sacrifices that have been made”.
This, they said, involves using “all instruments of American power – diplomatic, economic, and military – toward a successful outcome”.
Ahead of Trump's statement, it was widely reported that the White House was considering turning to the private sector to draw up a plan to deploy troops there.
Trump did not openly discuss such plans in their speech, but they did not rule them out either. Their address was noticeably light on detail.
One of the private consultants tasked with the planning is well known in private security circles – Erik Prince, CEO of the private military firm Academi, previously called Blackwater. Their organisation ran one of the largest and most heavily armed private military operations in post-invasion Iraq.
Writing in the Wall Street Journal recently, Prince set out their vision for a private military solution to resolve the “expensive disaster” in early 2017. They draw on several historical cases for inspiration, such as the East India Company, which effectively ruled large parts of India with its private army during British rule, and General MacArthur, who administered post-war Japan.
Prince proposed to put an “American viceroy” in charge in Afghanistan to consolidate authority. This person would have significant decision making powers “so no time is wasted waiting for Washington to send instructions”. Their proposal implies that the viceroy is meant to have authority over all coalition efforts and the ability to allot property rights.
Trump didn't speak directly to this in their Virginia address, but they did rail against the current approach to making decisions, arguing:
Micromanagement from Washington DC does not win battles. They are won in the field drawing upon the judgement and expertise of wartime commanders and frontline soldiers acting in real time, with real authority, and with a clear mission to defeat the enemy.
To address the current effectiveness problems of the Afghan army, Prince has, in other media appearances, talked of bringing in private military and security companies to live, train, advise and lead their local counterparts.
If this is what they have in mind as they put together their plan for the Trump administration, there is significant reason for concern and it is unlikely to succeed.
Powerful local actors
There are powerful actors who have a vested interest in the status quo and little incentive to change the current order. Afghan warlords have their own lucrative private security operations, so Prince's plan would directly threaten their business model. They are dependent on a certain degree of insecurity, which they often spread themselves, while selling security services at the same time. They would almost certainly oppose a foreign competitor entering the market. The result would be various private security outfits using force to promote their business interests and eliminate others from the market.
Many of these warlords are well-connected in the Afghan government. Some are even high-ranking officials themselves. Foreign private actors taking control of territory, cutting off access to resources and taking over political power would alienate the local elites in power. A massive redistribution of power of this kind would certainly exacerbate the conflict.
Market forces
Private forces can indeed be a highly effective option for increasing combat power. But their performance depends on the competitive pressures of the market. They only perform at their peak when there is financial incentive to do so. Several private military or security firms need to be contracted to perform similar tasks to keep up competitive pressure. This, in turn, induces a source of friction into the military operation. Various companies – potentially from different countries - need to be co-ordinated, and that's even before you factor in how they engage with the Afghan army.
The early days of the Iraq operation demonstrated the problems in such an undertaking. Coordinating the different players was difficult and commanders often didn't know who operated in their area of responsibility. Friendly fire incidents occurred, and private companies collided with military procedures. It took several years to build a robust co-ordination system and improve the situation.
EPA
Prince's proposal suggests a single corporate provider, or a prime contractor, handing out subcontracts and running the operation. In both cases, once the contract is awarded, competition would be non-existent. The client would be dependent on a single private company. Replacing that company would be almost impossible due to the enormous size of the contract.
The absence of competition eliminates any incentive for efficiency and opens the client up to all kinds of vulnerabilities. The private military or security company could increase prices, overcharge or compromise on quality. That makes this kind of operation unlikely to deliver on the kind of efficiency and effectiveness that Prince seems to envisage.
Making it worse?
The proposal does not solve, and probably even aggravates, the major conundrum of counterinsurgency operations with foreign intervention such as Afghanistan. According to Prince, Taliban groups want to “destroy the American way of life”. Taliban groups certainly do not care for the American way of life but they fought the coalition forces for different reasons. Many of the insurgents were “accidental guerillas”, motivated to fight because a foreign force invaded their land.
Against this backdrop, the imposition of a corporate actor, modelled after a former colonial entity, seeking to secure access the economic crucial areas by using private soldiers, in combination with a foreign viceroy being able to assign property rights, would be a propaganda win for the insurgency. Moreover, it's certainly the recipe for an even larger mobilisation of opposition.
Whether the Trump administration will take up the proposal is uncertain. Several high-ranking security experts in Washington are not keen on privatised missions, but influence in Washington is a wavering commodity. One can say a lot of things about Prince, but not that they don't know how to take advantage of an opportunity.
Those of us who aren't lucky enough to be at SDCC this year has spent the weekend glued to our phones and computers, endlessly searching for the latest thing we've missed (and if you're like me, are already getting messages that your data plan is approaching its threshold two weeks into your billing cycle). The awesome casts of Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. and Agent Carter are straining my data plan even more with a Civil Wars-esque Dubsmash battle that's been going on since Friday, and it is beautiful:
You're on @ChloeBennet4 @clarkgregg pic.twitter.com/Dm41ZFwzSu — Hayley Atwell (@HayleyAtwell) July 11, 2015
Thank you @taylorswift13 and screaming goat @ChloeBennet4 @clarkgregg pic.twitter.com/fLizLJchKq — Hayley Atwell (@HayleyAtwell) July 11, 2015
The killer blows. Thank you @ChloeBennet4 BOOM @clarkgregghttps://t.co/SilK383hFfpic.twitter.com/SyQ60i6nd5 — Hayley Atwell (@HayleyAtwell) July 11, 2015
For those who don't get why that particular choice was genius, check out the singer in this video. Look familiar?
Yeah, S.H.I.E.L.D.‘s Chloe Bennet has a pop career in China as Chloe Wang. Direct hit, Hayley and James. Bonus point for the lanyard headbands.
The Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. couldn't take that taunt lying down, and came back with what is arguably the greatest thing to come out of SDCC:
Consider the mic DROPPED. @realhayleyatwell #dubsmashwar2015 @clarkgregg A video posted by Chloe Bennet (@chloebennet4) on Jul 11, 2015 at 9:10pm PDT
Of course, it's only fun when you get a reaction video:
A hit, a palpable hit, and Hayley wasn't afraid to show it:
@ChloeBennet4 @clarkgregg pic.twitter.com/6w8EbuXJxJ — Hayley Atwell (@HayleyAtwell) July 12, 2015
But their despair soon changed to determination:
It took ten of you to try and bring down one agent. But Peggy Carter NEVER gives up @clarkgregg@ChloeBennet4 — Hayley Atwell (@HayleyAtwell) July 12, 2015
In a Coulson-worthy line, Clark Gregg accepted them challenge.
Something tells me this War isn't over, folks. We all know nothing stops Peggy Carter. UPDATE (7/13/15): The War Continues…
The war continues. Bad Blood video as promised for our #NerdHQ panel. @realhayleyatwell @clarkgregg A video posted by Chloe Bennet (@chloebennet4) on Jul 12, 2015 at 12:37pm PDT
Choose your sides carefully, fans. It's Agent against Agent and the Dubsmash Wars could change the course of human history…at least until Cap and Iron Man square off in Civil Wars.
Like this: Like Loading...
The Asheville Police Department has ruled the death of local artist Christ Ortega a homicide, and is asking the public to come forward with information.
Asheville – After further consultation with the State Medical Examiner's Office, and additional investigative follow-up by APD detectives, the Christopher Raymond Ortega death has been ruled a homicide. Ortega was found deceased in their Coleman Avenue apartment on October 28th and police found their death to be suspicious at the time. Autopsy results have since determined that Ortega's death was due to asphyxiation.
At the time of their death Christopher Ortega was employed at Alan's Jewelry & Pawn in Asheville. Owner Alan Sheppard has offered a reward of up to $2500.00 for information leading to the arrest and conviction of the person(s) responsible.
Additional information will be released when it becomes available.
Anyone with information about this case is asked to contact the Asheville Police Department at 828-252-1110 or Crime Stoppers at 828-255-5050.
The Bombay High Court has rejected a man's plea for divorce on the grounds that their wife gained weight after marriage and had kept them in the dark about a surgery that they had undergone earlier.
A division bench of justices Abhay Oka and MS Sonak observed that though the 37-year-old petitioner had made serious allegations, they had failed to substantiate them. "Therefore, it is very difficult to believe the testimony of the appellant," said the HC.
The man had approached the HC after the family court rejected their petition, seeking divorce on the grounds of cruelty in July 2004. The HC first suggested to the couple to settle the matter amicably and gave them three months. However, they were unable to reach any consent terms.
The couple, who met through a marriage bureau, got married in 2000.
GM Savagave, advocate for the man, alleged that the woman had undergone a breast surgery in Mumbai and did not disclose it. Later, they claimed that it was nothing serious, said Savagave.
The husband's petition states that after marriage, the wife started putting on weight. Although the husband tried to persuade them to take medical treatment, they declined to cooperate, thus depriving them pleasures of matrimonial life, alleges the petition.
The man also alleged that they had temper issues, never loved them and insulted them in front of their friends. They even once threatened to kill themselves so that they landed in jail, states the husband's petition.
Apeksha Vora, the wife's advocate, argued that there was no column for disclosing information regarding the surgery in the form provided by the marriage bureau. They claimed that their client's family had informed the groom's family about the issue.
The court arrived at the decision taking into account the husband's testimony before the family court where they had admitted that the marriage was consummated. "He admitted that the Respondent (wife) had taken initiative for maintaining physical relations," observed the HC judges, throwing away the cruelty allegation.
As regards the man's charges of their wife being quarrelsome, the court said it was their word against theirs and tiffs between couple were "the normal wear and tear of marriage".
Operators of the Algarve International Circuit in Portugal have registered an interest in bringing a MotoGP event from 2019 onwards as a replacement for the Finland's Kimi-Ring. This was a result of recent speculation that the GP track had hit financial issue, however Dorna have reportedly rejected the proposal. - Speed Week
Marc Marquez has claimed that next season ‘will be difficult' after the rise in a number of MotoGP stars. The World Champion said: “I learned that you can not underestimate anyone because everyone can surprise you like Andrea Dovizioso or Johann Zarco have done it." - AS
After missing out on the tests in both Valencia and Jerez, Tom Luthi has revealed the extent of their injury as well as the expected date of their return on January 28th. The Swiss rider said: “Two screws were used. As a result, the break was stable to movement, but not stable under load. The surgery was really only needed so that I can quickly start again with the physiotherapy and the ankle is not too stiff." - Speed Week
Related Articles
Valentino Rossi is set to take part in this weekend's Monza Rally Show, seeking their sixth succes in the competition. - Gazzette
In anticipation of the upcoming general elections, the Justice Department today provided information about its efforts, through the Civil Rights Division and Criminal Division, to ensure that all qualified voters have the opportunity to cast their ballots and have their votes counted free of discrimination, intimidation or fraud in the election process.
Civil Rights Division:
The Civil Rights Division is responsible for ensuring compliance with the civil provisions of federal statutes that protect the right to vote and the criminal provisions of federal statutes that prohibit discriminatory interference with that right.
The Civil Rights Division's Voting Section enforces the civil provisions of a wide range of federal statutes that protect the right to vote including: the Voting Rights Act, the National Voter Registration Act, the Uniformed and Overseas Citizens Absentee Voting Act, the Help America Vote Act and the Civil Rights Acts. Among other things, collectively, these laws:
prohibit election practices that have either a discriminatory purpose, based on race or membership in a minority language group, or a discriminatory result, with members of racial or language minority groups having less opportunity than other citizens to participate in the political process;
prohibit voter intimidation;
provide that individuals who need assistance in voting because of disability or illiteracy can obtain assistance from a person of their choice;
provide for accessible election machines for voters with disabilities;
require provisional ballots for voters who assert they are eligible but whose names do not appear on poll books;
provide for absentee ballots for service members, their family members and U.S. citizens living abroad;
require states to ensure that citizens can register through drivers' license offices, public assistance and disability services offices, other state agencies and through the mail; and
include requirements regarding maintaining voter registration lists.
The Civil Rights Division's Criminal Section enforces federal criminal statutes that prohibit voter intimidation and voter suppression based on race, color, national origin or religion.
On Election Day, Nov. 8, 2016, the Civil Rights Division will implement a comprehensive program to help protect the right to vote, including:
The Civil Rights Division will conduct monitoring in the field at polling places around the country (locations for monitoring will be announced closer to Election Day).
Civil Rights Division attorneys in both the Voting and Criminal Sections in Washington, D.C., will be ready to receive election-related complaints of potential violations relating to any of the statutes the Civil Rights Division enforces. Attorneys in the division will take appropriate action and will consult and coordinate with local U.S. Attorneys' Offices and with other entities within the Justice Department concerning these complaints before, during and after Election Day.
Civil Rights Division staff will be available by phone to receive complaints related to voting rights (1-800-253-3931 toll free or 202-307-2767) or by TTY (202-305-0082). In addition, individuals may also report complaints, problems or concerns related to voting by fax 202-307-3961, by mail to voting.section@usdoj.gov and by complaint forms that may be submitted through a link on the department's website: https://www.justice.gov/crt/voting-section .
. Complaints related to violence, threats of violence or intimidation at a polling place should always be reported immediately to local authorities by calling 911. They should also be reported to the department after local authorities are contacted.
Criminal Division and the Department's 94 U.S. Attorneys' Offices:
The Department's Criminal Division oversees the enforcement of federal laws that criminalize certain forms of election fraud and vindicate the integrity of the federal election process.
The Criminal Division's Public Integrity Section and the department's 94 U.S. Attorneys' Offices are responsible for enforcing the federal criminal laws that prohibit various forms of election fraud, such as vote buying, multiple voting, submission of fraudulent ballots or registrations, alteration of votes and malfeasance by election officials. The Criminal Division is also responsible for enforcing federal criminal law prohibiting voter intimidation for reasons other than race, color, national origin or religion (as noted above, voter intimidation that has a basis in race, color, national origin or religion is addressed by the Civil Rights Division).
The U.S. Attorney's Offices around the country designate Assistant U.S. Attorneys who serve as district election officers (DEOs) in the respective districts. DEOs are responsible for overseeing potential election-crime matters in their districts and coordinating with the department's election-crime experts in Washington, D.C.
On Nov. 8, 2016, the U.S. Attorneys' Offices will work with specially trained FBI personnel in each district to ensure that complaints from the public involving possible voter fraud are handled appropriately. Specifically:
In consultation with federal prosecutors in the Public Integrity Section in Washington, D.C., the DEOs in U.S. Attorneys' Offices, FBI officials at Headquarters in Washington, D.C., and FBI special agents serving as Election Crime Coordinators in the FBI's 56 field offices will be on duty while polls are open to receive complaints from the public.
Election-crime complaints should be directed to the local U.S. Attorney's Offices or the local FBI office. A list of U.S. Attorneys' Offices and their telephone numbers can be found at https://www.justice.gov/usao/find-your-united-states-attorney . A list of FBI offices and accompanying telephone numbers can be found at https://www.fbi.gov/contact-us .
. A list of FBI offices and accompanying telephone numbers can be found at . Public Integrity Section prosecutors are available to consult and coordinate with the U.S. Attorneys' Offices and the FBI regarding the handling of election-crime allegations.
Again, complaints related to violence, threats of violence or intimidation at a polling place should be reported first to local police authorities by calling 911.
Both protecting the right to vote and combating election fraud are essential to maintaining the confidence of all Americans in our democratic system of government. The department encourages anyone who has information suggesting voting discrimination or ballot fraud to contact the appropriate authorities.
Nicholas Flamel
, or, was a French alchemist who lived in the fifteenth century . Their life is no myth: their house in Paris , built in 1407 , still stands, at 51 rue de Montmorency, where it has been made into a restaurant. Their deeds, though, are the stuff of legend
Flamel is supposed to have been the most accomplished of the European alchemists. It is claimed that they succeeded at the two magical goals of alchemy supposed to have been the chief aims of that pseudoscience: they made the Philosopher's Stone that turns lead into gold, and they and their wife Perenelle achieved immortality.
Flamel is supposed to have received a mysterious book from a stranger, full of qabalistic words, in Greek and Hebrew. Flamel made the understanding of this text of lost secrets their life's work, travelling to universities in Andalusia to consult with Jewish and Muslim authorities. In Spain, they met a mysterious master who taught them the art of understanding their manuscript.
After their return from Spain, Flamel was able to become rich: the knowledge that they gained during their travels made them a master of the alchemical art. Flamel became a philanthropist, endowing hospitals and churches with the proceeds from their alchemical work. They caused arcane alchemical signs to be written on a tombstone, which is preserved at the Musée de Cluny in Paris. Their tomb is empty; some say it was sacked by people in search of their alchemical secrets. On the other hand, if they in fact achieved the secret of immortality, their empty tomb may have another explanation.
Nicholas Flamel's story is alluded to in the first Harry Potter book, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone (or, Sorcerer's Stone).
Religious freedom is guaranteed under Malaysian law
In the Malay language "Allah" is used to mean any god, and Christians say they have used the term for centuries.
Opponents of the ban say it is unconstitutional and unreasonable.
It is the latest in a series of religious rows in largely Muslim Malaysia, where minority groups claim their rights are being eroded.
A spokesperson for the Herald, the newspaper of the Catholic Church in Malaysia, said a legal suit was filed after they received repeated official warnings that the newspaper could have its licence revoked if it continued to use the word.
"We are of the view that we have the right to use the word 'Allah'," said editor Rev Lawrence Andrew.
'Unlawful'
The Sabah Evangelical Church of Borneo has also taken legal action after a government ministry moved to ban the import of religious children's books containing the word.
In a statement given to Reuters news agency, the church said the translation of the bible in which the word Allah appears has been used by Christians since the earliest days of the church.
There has been no official government comment but parliamentary opposition leader Lim Kit Siang said the decision to ban the word for non-Muslims on security grounds was "unlawful".
"The term 'Allah' was used to refer to God by Arabic-speaking Christians before Arabic-speaking Muslims existed," they said.
Religious issues are highly sensitive in Malaysia, which has a 60% Muslim population.
Religious freedom is guaranteed in the law but minority groups have accused the Muslim Malay majority of trying to increase the role of Islam in the country.
Image caption Black grouse cocks compete in territorial displays in spring-time
The construction of a planned new wind farm should avoid disrupting black grouse leks, Scottish Natural Heritage (SNH) has suggested.
Nineteen-turbine Corriemoillie wind farm, near Garve, has been recommended for approval by Highland Council planning officials.
Lekking, the territorial display of male grouse, takes place in spring.
SNH has suggested that no work should take place if cocks were lekking 750m (2,460ft) from the site.
The agency has also recommended that no work been done until after 0800 GMT if a lek was under a mile away.
SNH has not opposed E.on Climate Renewables' planning application, but has asked that the scheme be reduced by eight to 10 turbines.
The site is not in a protected area, but a report to Highland councillors said land nearby provided habitat for otter, water vole, bats and rare birds.
Flight paths of red throated divers were considered, however, the report said it was "very unlikely" the birds would be adversely affected.
The site does lie within a military tactical training area for aircraft and the Ministry of Defence (MoD) has asked that the turbines do not exceed 125m (410ft) in height.
The MoD also asked for lighting for alerting aircraft to the turbines be installed and prior warning be given ahead of construction work.
Highland Council received 473 objections to the project and 87 letters in support.
Councillors will consider the plans at a meeting next month.
The United States is in dangerous, uncharted waters when it comes to the national debt.
This year, for the first time in U.S. history, the national debt surpassed $20 trillion – and it continues to increase at an alarming rate. We find ourselves here because our country has been on an unsustainable fiscal path for far too long.
At 77 percent of GDP, the national debt is at its largest share of the economy since the aftermath of World War II. On the current path, without serious bipartisan collaboration, our debt will grow to 91 percent of GDP in just 10 years, and then to 150 percent of GDP by 2047.
That will produce a significant drag on the U.S. economy, and Americans will feel the consequences in real ways. If our nation's debt continues to increase at the same rate, it will slow economic growth to the point where the economy will be 3 percent smaller in 2047 than it would have been otherwise. That also means Americans will see lower incomes and higher interest rates on items like credit cards, mortgages, car loans and student loans. There will also be lower private investment and, in turn, fewer jobs.
For eight years, we heard Republicans sound the alarm on our nation's fiscal state. Now that they are in power, it seems as though the alarms have been silenced when it comes to fiscal discipline.
In fact, the “Big Six” tax framework – a Republican approach to tax reform endorsed by the Freedom Caucus – would likely worsen our nation's fiscal problems. Since the release of the “Big Six” framework, the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget has estimated that the framework in its current form could cost up to $2.2 trillion over the next decade. The Tax Policy Center estimated it would cost $2.4 trillion over the same amount of time.
Economic growth will help cover the cost of tax cuts, congressional Republicans and the Trump administration say. But what they don't say is that the Congressional Budget Office, the Joint Committee on Taxation and many well-respected economists have all estimated that negative to little economic growth will come from unpaid-for tax cuts in this economic environment.
The American people can't afford to be cheated by unrealistic, rosy economic growth predictions. For their sake, we need to ensure the JCT and the CBO measure the tax bill so we can produce an honest and credibly revenue-neutral tax reform package.
We must look to our history to see how this has been done before. In 1986 – the last time Congress passed a tax reform package – Republicans and Democrats used a bipartisan process to enact revenue-neutral tax reform. If done right, today's tax reform package could create an opportunity for both parties to come together and turn our country in the right fiscal direction.
That's why the Blue Dog Coalition announced its Vision for Tax Reform last week, in hopes that congressional Republicans will give the Blue Dogs and other Democrats a real seat at the negotiating table. History proves that, together, we can produce a tax reform bill that is credible, revenue neutral and puts us on the path to fiscal sustainability.
The American people are counting on congressional leaders to uphold the promise of addressing our national debt – now is the time to do that in a balanced, bipartisan way. Our children, grandchildren and other generations to come are depending on us. As Blue Dogs, we stand ready to make that happen.
Reps. Jim Costa (D-Calif.), Henry Cuellar (D-Texas) and Daniel Lipinski (D-Ill.) are co-chairs of the Blue Dog Coalition, an official caucus in the U.S. House of Representatives.
Morning Consult welcomes op-ed submissions on policy, politics and business strategy in our coverage areas. Updated submission guidelines can be found here.
MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia blocked access to the internet sites of prominent Kremlin foes Alexei Navalny and Garry Kasparov on Thursday under a new law critics say is designed to silence dissent in President Vladimir Putin's third term.
Russian President Vladimir Putin speaks during a meeting with paralympic delegations in Sochi March 13, 2014. REUTERS/Mikhail Klimentyev/RIA Novosti/Kremlin
The prosecutor general's office ordered Russian internet providers to block Navalny's blog, chess champion and Putin critic Kasparov's internet newspaper and two other sites, grani.ru and ej.ru, state regulator Roskomnadzor said.
The move was the latest evidence of what government opponents see as a crackdown on independent media and particularly the internet, a platform for dissenting views in a nation where state channels dominate the airwaves.
Ej.ru editor Alexander Ryklin called it “monstrous” and a “direct violation of all the principles of freedom of speech,” radio station Ekho Moskvy reported. They said they did not know why the site was blocked.
The blockages will increase concern that Putin is seeking to tighten control over Russian society as they face off against the United States and European Union in a bitter dispute over the future of Ukraine.
It came a day after the editor of independent news site Lenta.ru was dismissed after it received a warning over publication of remarks by a Ukrainian far-right leader in what dozens of its staff members alleged was Kremlin censorship.
“This is the latest political decision taken as part of the cleansing of the media space,” Navalny's spokesperson Anna Veduta said on Twitter. Another Twitter user called it “Black Thursday”.
The Kremlin denies allegations of censorship or pressure on the media.
Roskomnadzor said Navalny's blog violated the conditions of house arrest recently imposed on the opposition leader, who is serving a five-year suspended sentence on a theft conviction they said was engineered by the Kremlin and may face another trial.
The other three sites were ordered blocked because they “contain calls for illegal activity and participation in mass events conducted in violation of the established order,” the regulator said.
Putin, in power since 2000 as president or prime minister, won a six-year third Kremlin term in 2012 after weathering a series of protests led by Navalny and others and organized largely over the internet.
They signed a law late last year allowing prosecutors to order providers to block access to sites deemed to have published calls for participation in demonstrations planned without the consent of the government. It took effect on February 1.
Story highlights Pakistani national sought over the alleged theft of money from MH370 bank accounts
Two people arrested, including an HSBC bank employee and their husband
HSBC noticed suspicious transfers of $35,000 from four accounts
Accounts belonged to two Chinese passengers, one Malaysian passenger and one crew
Malaysian police are still searching for a Pakistani national over the alleged theft of money from bank accounts belonging to four people aboard missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370, according to Malaysian investigators.
"We are still trying to locate this Ali Farran, who last worked as a car mechanic," Assistant Commissioner Izany Abdul Ghany of the Kuala Lumpur Commercial Crime Investigation Department said Monday.
Authorities have arrested two people in relation to the alleged theft: an HSBC bank officer and their husband.
The bank officer is accused of using Internet banking to transfer money from four passengers' bank accounts into another passenger's account.
About $10,000 (35,000 Malaysian ringgit) was then allegedly transferred to a fifth account belonging to Farran, police said.
In total, about $35,000 (110,600 Malaysian ringgit) was reported missing from the accounts of two Chinese passengers, Ju Kun and Tian Jun Wei, and two Malaysians, Hue Pui Heng and flight flight attendant Tan Size Hian.
Police have yet to charge the couple, who have been in police custody since their arrest on Thursday.
JUST WATCHED Cheating death twice on Malaysia Airlines Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Cheating death twice on Malaysia Airlines 01:39
JUST WATCHED MH370 search moves south Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH MH370 search moves south 02:40
JUST WATCHED MH370 radar data may have been wrong Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH MH370 radar data may have been wrong 02:48
"We have extended the remand order for the two until Wednesday to facilitate in the investigations," Izany said.
HSBC's Malaysian branch said it notified police of potential fraud involving the accounts.
"HSBC is deeply sorry for this incident and apologizes to the families of our customers for the distress this will cause and assures them there will be no losses on these accounts," a spokesperson said.
Flight 370 went missing en route from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing on March 8. Extensive land and sea searches have failed to find any sign of the Boeing 777-200ER, which was carrying 227 passengers and 12 crew.
It's believed the plane crashed into the southern Indian Ocean, west of Australia.
This month, Australian officials announced that Dutch company Fugro Survey would take over the next phase of the search, which was likely to start in September.
The company will use two ships equipped with towed deep-water vehicles, as well as side-scan sonar, multibeam echo sounders and video cameras, to search an area of 60,000 square kilometers (23,000 square miles) and depths of up to 7,000 meters (four miles).
Not a day goes by when I get a message from a conservative telling me that I must vote for Mitt Romney, not just because a vote for Gary Johnson (or anyone other than Romney or Obama) would be a wasted vote, but that we must vote for the one guy who has a shot of defeating Obama to save our country. That we absolutely cannot vote for anyone other than Romney, because if Obama gets another four years this country will no longer exist. There's a reason for this.
They're cowards.
Some examples of the comments I've received:
We are on the preverbial roof of a house while the flood waters are rising. The rescue boat is here to help us off the roof and to drier ground. Are you going to say, no I would rather stay on the roof until a helicopter comes because I like helicopters better?
And:
Let me be clear, Romney was not my first, second, third, fourth,or even fifth choice! But I would vote for the town drunk before I voted for Obama. As far as the status quo you say, well I think we have to STOP THE BLEEDING, you may not agree with that approach but the last four years of the wrecking ball smashing away at the economy everyday I believe we need to try a different approach. Such as getting more people back to work so there is more people paying taxes.
The thing is that there is virtually no evidence that Romney is either A) piloting the rescue boat coming to get us, or B) going to do anything to stop the bleeding. The man is very acutely interesting in expanding our military budget, while doing little to reform our bloated entitlements or actually cutting spending beyond the Corporation for Public Broadcasting—which is a good move, but not enough to save us from the black hole we're spiraling into.
Because of the utter lack of differences between Romney and Obama, I must ask why people are being so forceful in demanding we vote for Romney. The only conclusion I can come to is that they are cowards. They are not being brave or courageous, as they may think they are. Rather, they are being motivated entirely by fear.
Actually, “motivated” is the wrong word. The proper word is “controlled.” They are being controlled by their fear, consumed by it. Instead of being in control of their own destinies, they are so wracked by fear that they are just reacting to it, being virtual slaves to it.
For what it's worth, it's understandable and I sympathize. Obama has been a disaster in the White House. The economic recovery can be best described as “anemic,” or a “noncovery.” He's also been fairly bad on foreign policy, atrocious on civil liberties (NDAA, anyone?), created the monstrosity known as Obamacare, and at every step has either trampled on the Constitution or made it harder for Americans to actually go back to work. Their administration has been a wreck.
But does that mean we should vote for Romney?
I don't know about you, but watching the debate in Denver last week, it was pretty clear that Romney isn't much different. First off, the man said that they “loves green energy.” That's become a watchword for “wasteful corporate subsidies” and a synonym for “Solyndra.” Second, they also said they didn't want to cut education spending. That's a huge waste in our government, and while not the #1 thing dragging us down (that's entitlements and military spending, the former Romney will do jack on and the latter they want to increase), that is something that can definitely be cut. That they don't want to shows they aren't serious about fixing our problems and is not the savior conservatives want.
But they gloss over all of these flaws to relentlessly push for Romney, a man just eight months ago they hated with a passion. They gloss over the fact that Romney is really just Obama, only with Caucasian skin and a red tie. They gloss over all their statements where they have proven they aren't a believer in truly limited government.
Instead of taking a principled stand, they cower in the shadow of Obama. So overcome with fear of this one man they have allowed themselves to be duped into voting for what is essentially their “conservative” surrogate. That is not courage. To vote for a man who represents no change from the status quo, except that they are from the opposite party of the incumbent, is nothing more than abject cowardice.
This has to end. Until we as Americans stand up for literal free markets and a truly free society, will we have no solace. We cannot and must not allow fear to dictate our actions. That's not the America I grew up in, and it's certainly not the America I want to leave to my eventual children.
I am not a coward. And that is why I—as a private citizen—will not vote Republican this year.
***Welcome readers! Make sure to follow us at @unitedliberty and @jdkolassa on Twitter, and keep checking back for more posts just like this!***
In 'Round Midnight, real-life jazz legend Dexter Gordon brilliantly portrays the fictional tenor sax player Dale Turner, a musician slowly losing the battle with alcoholism, estranged from their family, and hanging on by a thread in the 1950's New York jazz world. Dale gets an offer to play in Paris, where, like many other black American musicians at the time, they enjoy a respect for their humanity that is not based upon the color of their skin. A Parisian man who is obsessed with Turner's music befriends them and attempts to save Turner from himself. Although for Dale the damage is already done, their poignant relationship with the man and their young daughter re-kindles their spirit and their music as the end draws near. Written by Siddy DeRosser
Back in the day, say 1997, we used to think the Sennheiser HD 25 was a very expensive headphone at $249. Then Monster Beats by Dre came along and the price of headphones started rocketing up. I think that broad increase in the acceptable price of headphones has slowed significantly, but in my view, it's settled down quite a bit higher than what I would consider proper pricing. Thing is, there's not much out there to drag the prices back down. The only way that's going to happen is if low cost headphones start sounding way better.
Well, if the HE-400S really performs as well as the impression I got at the show, these cans are going to totally disrupt the price/performance expectations at $300. What I heard has me questioning not whether they'll make the Wall of Fame, but how many headphones will be knocked off in its wake.
I should mention for those who attended the show and heard these cans as displayed, the the rig driving the HE-400S ($299) was really not up to the performance level of the headphones. When I hooked them up to my portable rig (AK120, CEntrance M8) they blossomed. If you heard these at the show and weren't impressed don't miss an opportunity to try them again on a really good rig. These are dy-no-mite!
Jeff Han will fill you in on the video.
Click here if you can't see the video.
Like Atrios, I am not looking forward to this. It's going to be just like the Social Security fight, only worse: once again, Very Serious People will pretend not to notice that the Republican plan is a giant game of bait-and-switch, dismantling a key piece of the social safety net in favor of a privatized system, claiming that this is necessary to save money, but never acknowledging that privatization in itself actually costs money. And we'll have endless obfuscation, both-sides-have-a-point reporting that misses the key point, which is that the putative savings come entirely from benefit cuts somewhere in the distant future that would, in all likelihood, never actually materialize. (What do you think will happen when retirees in 2025 discover that their Medicare vouchers aren't enough to buy insurance?)
Here we go again.
Mike Pence's camp distanced itself from Vincent Caldara. | Getty Pence charter pilot fired, facing assault charges
A pilot who ferried GOP vice presidential nominee Mike Pence, their family, staff, secret service contingent and traveling press has been fired following revelations that they face criminal charges for intentionally hitting a man with their car.
The pilot, Vincent Caldara, is a former police officer and chairperson of Trump's Florida Law Enforcement Coalition. The news of Caldara's criminal charges was first reported by The Guardian in an article on potential criminal activities of some of those in law enforcement supporting Trump.
Story Continued Below
“I'm a very strong Trump supporter, I'm a retired law enforcement officer, and I'm currently on Governor Mike Pence's flight operations team as one of their pilots during the campaign,” Caldara told a crowd at the opening of a Trump campaign office in Brevard County in early September. “Donald Trump and Governor Mike Pence are the law and order candidates.”
Pence's camp distanced itself from Caldara: “All of our pilots are assigned by the airline,” Pence spokesperson Marc Lotter told POLITICO.
Caldara “is not and has not been” a paid staffer for the campaign at the state or national level, Lotter added. They referred questions about any volunteer role Caldara has to Trump's Florida campaign, which did not respond to a request for comment.
“He is no longer employed at Eastern Air Lines,” said Nick Loudon, executive director of special projects at Eastern Airlines, the private charter company that flies Pence. They said they could not comment further due to “legal considerations.”
Caldara had not flown the Pence plane for several weeks before the news of their assault charge broke.
Caldara, 55, is charged with aggravated battery with a deadly weapon after allegedly striking a friend with their vehicle “three times, against their will, causing back and leg injuries,” in July 2015, according to court documents.
The two had been in argument, and the victim, whose name is withheld, “stood in front of Caldara's vehicle as Caldara attempted to leave.”
The police report stated that, according to the victim, “Caldara started the vehicle and then drove forward, bumping them with the front bumper of the vehicle…Caldara then drove forward again, striking [the victim] with the front bumper of the vehicle, knocking them to the ground. [The victim] advised they fell to their knees and was struck again by Caldara's vehicle, knocking them down again. [The victim] stated they crawled out from under the vehicle and then Caldara drove off.”
Caldara has pleaded not guilty.
Caldara is also being sued by a woman who alleges that Caldara hit them with their motorcycle in 2014, “seriously and severely” injuring her, according to court documents. The complaint alleges that Caldara was driving “carelessly and negligently” when they struck the victim.
Caldara's Twitter account, which appears to have been deleted, listed them as “Chairman of the Florida Law Enforcement Coalition to Elect Donald J. Trump for President.”
European Council President Donald Tusk speaks during a news conference in Ankara, Turkey, September 9, 2015. REUTERS/Umit Bektas
BRUSSELS (Reuters) - European Council President Donald Tusk said on Friday that they would call an extraordinary summit of EU leaders this month if their ministers failed on Monday to agree on how to cope with the current surge of migrants into the bloc.
The European Commission proposed in May a quota system for relocating 40,000 asylum-seekers across Europe, but EU member states blocked the plan. Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker said on Wednesday that number needed to be quadrupled to 160,000 with mandatory quotas.
“Without concrete sign of solidarity and unity from JHA (justice and home affairs) ministers Monday, I will call extra #EUCO (European Council) in September on refugee crisis,” Tusk wrote in a tweet.
“After contact with member states last days, more hopeful today that we are closer to solution based on consensus and genuine solidarity.”
EU leaders are not due to meet again at a summit until mid-October.
Cable news reached an all new level of self-satire and hackery this week as various daytime "serious" anchors mindlessly repeated the phrase "touch my junk" over and over. Years of journalism training, internships and advanced education and they're repeating "touch my junk" in the context of a videotaped airport security fracas.
And, speaking of journalistic integrity, "touch my junk" was featured between repeat airings of the brain-shrinkingly stupid commercial for abstinence featuring "The Situation" and Bristol Palin, both of whom are famous for their, you know, virginity. But good job, anyway, cable news people. Nailed it. You must be very proud.
Meanwhile, the TSA airport security segments on cable news have been prompted by two sources.
First, a blog entry by a would-be airline traveler who rightfully refused to submit to both a naked backscatter scan and, subsequently, a manual pat-down at San Diego International. The blogger videotaped much of the process and, as is heard on the video, exclaimed, "If you touch my junk, I'll have you arrested." The full description of this confrontation can be found at the blogger's website.
Second, and not surprisingly, the broader TSA body scanner story has been egged on by a week's worth of screamer headlines and "Big Sis" snark from Matt Drudge because, as Mark Halperin famously put it: "Drudge rules our world." ("Big Sis" is Drudge's too-clever nickname for DHS Secretary Janet Napolitano.)
Before I get into why this is so twisted, I should mention here that, in theory, I actually agree with Drudge about the body scanners and some of the (often purely cosmetic) increased security measures at airports.
The full body scanners, also known as millimeter wave scanners, are an obvious and very creepy violation of privacy and, despite what Homeland Security and the TSA are suggesting, the freakish naked images can, in fact, be saved and leaked. Not surprisingly, there is also untold health issues involved with being bombarded from head to toe with radiation. And, oh yeah, the scanners really wouldn't have stopped terrorists like the Underwear Bomber because the scanners aren't very good at picking up "low-density materials like plastics, chemicals, and liquids -- precisely what the underwear bomber had stuffed in their briefs," according to Mother Jones magazine.
Ultimately, and for all of these reasons, vocal opposition to the naked body scanners transcends ideologies and political affiliations -- lately at least (more on that presently). But the opposition isn't making much of a dent in terms of rolling back this unconstitutional security measure: a new CBS poll released today shows that 81 percent of Americans favor the use of the scanners. Sad.
It's not a stretch to suggest that the post-9/11 fear-mongering and massively exaggerated anti-terrorism hysteria created this supermajority of acquiescence to flagrant government overreach and violations of privacy and personal dignity.
And who's to blame for the fear-mongering? People like Matt Drudge, of course, who aided in the effort to scare the crapola out of us about the so-called "terrorist threat."
Drudge, along with Rush Limbaugh, Fox News Channel and the highest ranking Republican officials in Congress, demanded that all of Washington buy into the notion that you can't have a Constitution if you're dead. How do we know this? Well, because they actually said it. Over and over. A few examples for the record:
"You have no civil liberties if you are dead." -- Senator Pat Roberts, R-KS
"None of your civil liberties matter much after you're dead." -- Senator "Big John" Cornyn, R-TX
"Our civil liberties are worthless if we are dead! If you are dead and pushing up daisies, if you're sucking dirt inside a casket, do you know what your civil liberties are worth? Zilch, zero, nada." -- Rush Limbaugh
I should note here that all of this was said at a time when Republicans controlled the White House and Congress, so big government and dangerously over-the-top violations of constitutional rights and civil liberties were a-okay with the far-right. Now, in 2010, these very same Republicans are insisting that "Big Sis" and the "little black man-child" are forcing us to "grab the ankles" and submit to Muslim fascist Nazi policies. Never mind that all of these policies were invented by Republicans and ballyhooed by Drudge in an atmosphere of manufactured fear during conservative control of, well, everything. In fact, Janet Napolitano's predecessor, Bush administration Homeland Security Secretary Michael "Shirt Off" Chertoff runs a security consulting firm whose clients include the manufacturers of the naked body scanner machines.
Throughout the duration of the Bush years, any opposition voices to these policies were shouted down as being "terrorist sympathizers" who are undermining American security and endangering the troops, while evildoers were lurking under our beds like jittery suicide-toe-monsters ready to spring forth and crash airplanes into our feet. In those years, "patriotism" was defined by the speed and vigor by which we gave up our civil liberties in lieu of a lot of extra security (to paraphrase the famous and overused quotation). You might recall how, for example, Attorney General Michael Mukasey, in a fitting display of both childish pants-peeing and authoritarian manipulation, totally fell apart during a speech -- publicly sobbing over the opposition to President Bush's demand for illegal wiretaps, explaining how another September 11 was inevitable unless the government was allowed to eavesdrop on American citizens.
Most Americans are still trapped in this nationwide panic room despite the reality of the so-called "terrorist threat." Again, 81 percent support for the body scanners, even though, contrary to the Bush Republican bed-wetting, there is no terrorist threat. It simply doesn't exist as a serious danger to you or your family.
Let's compare and contrast. Your odds of dying from cancer are about one in seven. Your odds of dying in an airborne terrorist attack, according to the very liberal Wall Street Journal, are one in 25 million (your odds of being hit by lightning are one in 500,000). Yet throughout the Bush years, the federal government spent twice as much on anti-terrorism measures as it spent on disease prevention. Hell, you're more likely to kill someone else, be convicted in a court of law, sentenced to death and legally executed than you are of dying in a terrorist attack (odds of death by legal execution: one in 58,618).
Who ginned up these completely lopsided through-the-looking-glass priorities?
Certainly not liberals. The post-9/11 maxim "either you're with us, or you are with the terrorists" wasn't the concoction of Michael Moore or Barack Obama or Hillary Clinton or Janet Napolitano. It was entirely the purview of the Drudge-ruled wingnut universe of fear and cowardice. And make no mistake: "cowardice" is precisely what it was -- cry-baby cowardice masked by flag-waving machismo in support of a military-industrial-security complex that earned billions in profits on investments ranging from the invasion and occupation of Iraq to the production and deployment of the naked body scanners. Rather than standing firm and upholding American values, the far-right embraced cowardice in the face of a virtually nonexistent threat.
With no new leads after weeks of searching for their missing daughter, a distraught mother is steeling themselves for a step they hoped she'd never have to take — returning home without their child.
Shelley Fillipoff, who lives in the Ottawa area, has been in Victoria for the past five weeks looking for daughter Emma, who hasn't been seen since Nov. 28.
article continues below
Emma, who turns 27 on Sunday, was last seen in downtown Victoria. Them wallet and passport were found in their vehicle.
They aren't known to use drugs or alcohol and Fillipoff emphatically denies suggestions their daughter may have been suicidal. A trained chef, Emma moved to Victoria from Ontario just over a year ago in search of a healthier lifestyle, and worked in at least two restaurants.
Them disappearance is out of character, say those who know them
Fillipoff kept in touch with their mother through frequent phone calls, but just prior to their disappearance, the tone of the conversations changed, their mother said.
“She would say, ‘Mom, I need your help,' and then call back and say, ‘No, let me do this myself,' ” Fillipoff said. “She was always strong — and I respected that.”
After the last call, Fillipoff decided something was amiss. Fillipoff, who is an elementary school teacher in Ottawa, decided they had to come to Victoria.
When they arrived at Sandy Merriman House, the emergency women's shelter where Emma was staying, they were told by staff they had missed them by five hours. It's unclear why Emma, who previously lived on a houseboat with a friend, was staying at the shelter, since their mother says they had money in the bank and had been working until their job ended Oct. 31. A staff member at Sandy Merriman said they don't ask women why they need to stay at the shelter.
In the five weeks since, Fillipoff and other volunteers have left no stone unturned in their quest to find Emma, blanketing the city with posters, driving around town and searching city parks.
“There's been nothing, no solid leads, no sightings,” said Fillipoff, who has been assisted by a group of up to 50 volunteers at times. They include friends and people who know Emma, along with strangers who wanted to help a mother in need. Together, they have canvassed neighbourhoods, set up a Facebook page and spent hours searching.
Support has also come from home, with friends, colleagues and family holding fundraisers so Fillipoff can pay for their extended stay here.
Even their Grade 5 class raised $900, in part via bake sales, to help offset their expenses.
“Never underestimate the power of Rice Krispie squares,” they said. “In the last five weeks, I have seen true generosity — both in time and money — shown to me. For me, it has been a reaffirmation of the goodness in people.”
Despite fundraising and donations, the financial toll of their quest is mounting.
“I've maxed out my credit cards,” they said. “But that isn't important. What's important is that I find Emma.”
But after five weeks of fruitless searching, Fillipoff is preparing themselves for going home empty-handed.
“I have three other kids that are worried about their mom,” Fillipoff said. “The principal of my school has been very supportive, but there is a limit to how long the situation can last.”
parrais@timescolonist.com
>>> A Facebook page has been set up to help find Emma Fillipoff: facebook.com/HelpFindEmmaFillipoff
Honda currently offers two versions of the Africa Twin, one with a standard six-speed manual transmission and clutch, and the other with an innovative Dual Clutch Transmission (DCT) that offers two auto-shift riding modes as well as a manual-shift mode. The DCT version retails for $13,999, or $700 more than the $13,299 standard Africa Twin.
So which Africa Twin is better: the DCT or the manual?
The DCT is not new. The concept has been incorporated into select Honda streetbike models for the past several years, first debuting on the 2010 VFR1200, but the Africa Twin marks the first time that the DCT's mettle has been tested in a motorcycle built for use off-road as well as on the street. We're sure it won't be the last.
Whether it's equipped with a standard transmission or a DCT, the Africa Twin's rumble is supplied by a fuel-injected, 998cc parallel-Twin with a bore and stroke of 92mm x 75mm, a 270-degree crankshaft and Unicam cylinder heads with four valves per cylinder. Honda claims the relatively compact engine produces 93.9 crank horsepower at 7500 rpm, and 72.3 lb.-ft. of torque at 6000 rpm. That's believable. During dyno testing of the standard transmission model during our 2016 Wire-Wheel Adventure Shootout, the Africa Twin delivered 85.7 rear-wheel horsepower at 7600 rpm and a peak rear-wheel torque figure of 67.0 lb.-ft. at 5900 rpm.
We had intended to put the two Africa Twin test samples on the dyno to see what the power and torque differences might be between the standard and DCT models, but that attempt was foiled when we threw the DCT model on first and found that it would not shift out of first gear no matter what mode we tried. The culprit? The DCT model has a front wheel speed sensor that helps to tell the DCT when to shift, and the front wheel must be spinning in order for that data to be gathered. So, no DCT dyno numbers.
But our sense both on the street and out on the trail is that there is little discernible difference in the power character of the two models. If anything, the DCT feels a little punchier from a standing start on the street, although this may have to with the fact that after you press the D button on the right switchgear, its drivetrain is already engaged when you rap the throttle, a sensation that may be slightly muted as the rider slips the clutch to come away from a standstill.
Otherwise, they perform almost identically, and they feel great. The Africa Twin's parallel-Twin is the epitome of user-friendliness, delivering excellent throttle response and perhaps the smoothest transition from bottom to top of any large-displacement Adventure bike in its class. But while the Honda engine is so linear, it's no frou-frou scooter motor. It actually delivers a mellow dirtbike-style power feel and a surprisingly hearty exhaust note while remaining virtually vibration-free and extremely tractable. Then there is also the switchable Honda Selectable Torque Control feature, which offers three levels of traction-controlling intervention that can also be disabled completely (although you have to disable it again every time you turn the key back on). The Africa Twin's six-speed manual transmission and cable-operated clutch shift in typical Honda fashion, “like butta.”
The goal here, however, was to determine whether the Africa Twin's DCT transmission would be a help or a hindrance, especially when ridden in rugged off-road conditions. To guarantee the right environment, we fitted each model with Continental's world-class TKC-80 adventure tires and then loaded them up and made the seven-hour trek to Gold Point, Nevada, to enjoy the annual AltRider Taste Of Dakar Adventure Ride.
The DCT is claimed to enhance smoothness and efficiency from gear to gear by essentially engaging the next gear while the current gear is still in use. Honda says that this minimizes the power gaps that occur during shifting with a manual transmission. True to its name, the Dual Clutch Transmission features two clutches: one for off-the-line acceleration and first, third and fifth gears, and the second clutch for second, fourth and sixth gears. Honda likes to note that since clutch operation is not required, the rider is free to focus on operating the throttle and brakes.
On the street and in the dirt, we found the DCT's Drive and Sport modes to simply not fit our own performance-seeking tastes, but that doesn't mean they don't work as advertised. The Drive mode delivers smooth, full-auto shifting from gear to gear for the best possible fuel economy, while Sport mode holds the Africa Twin in gear longer between shifts for a sportier riding experience. Both modes also allow the rider control of the shifting via the “paddle switches.” However, switching to full manual mode allows the DCT to stay in one gear and, when directed, to shift more quickly. And, if the rider rolls off the throttle before toggling the upshift button with their index finger, the gear change feels almost the same as a manual clutch that is engaged and released.
Still, dirt testing the DCT Africa Twin against the manual transmission version produced a difference of opinion among our two test riders as to which one works better. Along for the ride was independent motorcycle industry marketing and PR man Scott Shaffstall, an experienced off-road rider and certifiable sand dune freak. A self-proclaimed rider-active rider, Shaffstall had reservations about the DCT's dirt-worthiness.
“If there is one area where the DCT most notably lacked in my opinion, it was acceleration responsiveness,” Shaffstall said. “I know Mr. Rousseau will disagree, but unless you want to constantly downshift with the paddle shifters, there did seem to be a lack of power in the powerband on the DCT. More experienced riders may adjust to this easily, but novices and intermediates may face a steeper learning curve. It's great that you can downshift on demand, but relying on the DCT to automatically upshift is something I don't prefer.”
To which I responded, “Yeah, I get that, especially after I climbed on the standard-transmission model and quickly realized by the slack clutch lever how much Shaffstall had been fanning the clutch like they probably do on their personal Honda CRF250R. It just goes to show you how many dirt riders rely on the clutch, maybe to a fault, to keep their bikes moving forward without having to shift them as much.”
That's the beauty of the DCT. I can upshift and downshift with the click of a button for one corner or obstacle and then just as quickly shift back to the gear I was in before that. Sure, you can use Sport mode semi-effectively while riding off-road, but it never seems to shift exactly when you want it to because it simply cannot see the terrain that you are seeing. I think that the DCT in full manual mode makes it easier to be in the right gear for the obstacle or the terrain ahead at all times. That said, I certainly have no issues with the standard transmission model because, well, it's standard.
If there is one gripe about the DCT's pushbutton shifter location, it is that is easy to accidentally activate the turn indicator when downshifting.
During the Taste of Dakar ride, Shaffstall claimed that there is a difference in handling between the two bikes. Granted, the DCT weighs in at 536 lbs., nine more than the manual model we were testing with an accessory centerstand and taller windscreen fitted (Honda says the difference is 23 pounds), but the weight distribution is about equal. The DCT places 272 lbs. (50.75%) on the front wheel and 264 lbs. (49.25%) on the rear wheel, whereas the manual transmission Africa Twin checks in at 527 lbs., with 268 lbs. (50.85%) on the front wheel and 259 lbs., (49.14%) on the rear wheel. The two versions share an identical steel semi-double cradle type with a steel rear sub-frame and 62.0-inch wheelbase. Still, in the dirt, Shaffstall had issues with the DCT's cornering tendencies.
“Overall, both models handled well in the dirt, but the manual was easier to control, even with Honda saddlebags it had on it,” they said. “The Continental TKC-80s proved their worth time and time again with good bite and minimal wheelspin. A steering stabilizer would have been useful in deep sand (maybe I wouldn't have crashed). Call me old-fashioned, but I just like a clutch, and felt I could push the manual Africa Twin much farther and faster.”
I, on the other hand, saw it differently. I really noticed no difference in the way the two bikes carve or travel in a straight line. Yes, you will shift the DCT more to keep the bike in the rev range you want so immediate power is on tap, but it's just so easy to get comfortable with that. There's no fumbling around for the gearshift lever before putting your left leg out to stabilize yourself in a loose corner, which saves time. Both versions exhibit an excellent, well-planted cornering character, which I will agree was helped by the more aggressive Continental tires in the dirt – they really are awesome skins.
Steering is far from deliberate, even for 520ish-pound Adventure bikes. They steer with precision and with minimal effort at slower speeds, and there is plenty of steering lock to keep them nimble. Beyond that, both did tend to feel just a little loose at pegged-in-top-gear speeds on fire roads, but that is to be expected when you consider the aerodynamic forces on them at that velocity. On single-track trails and two-track roads, they are a dream to ride, and I had no issues in picking my way through rocky sand washes or any sand in general. Whether you choose the DCT or the manual Africa Twin, a relatively light feel and excellent dirt handling are two of its best attributes.
But there are areas where we both agreed that both Africa Twin models excel, especially the suspension and the ergonomics. The Africa Twin's Showa suspension is plush yet controlled in the dirt, and its lack of such techno-wizardry as electronic adjustments may appeal to hard-core dirtbike riders more than some of the other techier models in its class. Adjusting the Honda's fork is accomplished by using a good old-fashioned screwdriver on the top and bottom of the fork to set compression and rebound damping, a wrench for the fork preload and that same screwdriver for the compression and rebound adjusters on the shock. There's also a manual preload adjuster on the shock. The suspension is easy to tune, and it works well in a variety of off-road conditions as long as you aren't some complete psycho expert off-road rider who insists on pushing the envelope in rough terrain. On pavement, the Africa Twin offers a smooth and comfy ride.
Ditto for the ergos. The Africa Twin has a naturally comfortable feel about it. Its two-position adjustable seat is wide yet tapered on the edges to allow freedom of leg movement. Its 4.97-gallon fuel tank is not obtrusive, and its handlebar is well-placed, and the footpegs are wide and grippy, allowing the rider to feel at home whether seated or standing. Just the thing for long rides in the dirt or on the highway.
“Both bikes are lightweight for their size and have comfortable seat and foot positions,” Shaffstall said. “Standing on the pegs for long periods of time is easy, especially with the taller windscreen (Honda offers two options).”
As for the brakes, street-savvy riders might find the Africa Twin's dual 310mm dual floating wave-shaped discs and Nissin radial four-piston calipers to be less than impressive on the street relative to some higher-end ADV bikes, but they work nicely in off-road environments and always bring the Honda to a stop safely every time. The Africa Twin also offers switchable ABS that can be disengaged to allow the rear wheel to lock, which helps experienced dirt riders to slide the Africa Twin around in the dirt. The overall feel at the brake lever and brake pedal is linear and controllable.
Fit and finish on both Africa Twin models is excellent except for one notable exception, the saddlebags. They are keyed to the ignition, which is great, but overall the quality of the bags just doesn't match the rest of the bike. The bags are built cheesy despite their rugged looks, and we found them hard to close at times, even when empty. We would simply opt for accessory soft bags or hard bags along with beefy tubular steel bag protectors as well.
Beyond that, the minimalist design of the Africa Twin makes scrolling through the features on its digital instrument pod easy and intuitive. The instrumentation includes buttons that allow the rider to adjust the ABS and HSTC, and the DCT model also features a G [Gravel] mode button that reduces the pre-programmed slippage through the dual clutches for an even more aggressive, direct feel in the dirt. The instrumentation itself includes a speedometer, tachometer, fuel gauge, clock and gear-position indicator as well as a bar graph that shows what level of traction control is in play.
At the end of the day, our Taste of Dakar-riding test duo could not agree which Honda Africa Twin model was better. All they could agree on was that both are excellent Adventure bikes that will take you anywhere you want to go, whether that's down the freeway or over a mountain. There is virtually no difference between the two models when it comes to maintenance costs, says Honda.
The standard transmission model will always appeal to gear bangers who feel that technology such as the DCT detracts from the motorcycle riding experience because it does something for them that they can already do themselves.
On the other hand, technology-loving folks will appreciate the DCT for what it can do now and for where the technology might be applied in the future, like, say, a full-blown off-road model with DCT. Even Shaffstall showed some willingness to be open to the DCT's future.
So, DCT or standard transmission Africa Twin? Figure out who you are and take your pick. You'll be happy with either one.
It's official. Canada is now a hawk when it comes to the proliferation of nuclear arms. If any additional confirmation were needed, it was Canada's absence at last week's UN vote to ban nuclear weapons. But for those who have been following this file, this is only the latest of Canada's hawkish gestures.
Canada's failure to step up for last week's nuclear weapons ban was criticized from many corners. "It's shocking that Canada is not going to participate," asserted former Canadian ambassador for disarmament, Douglas Roche back in March. Paul Meyer, another former Canadian ambassador for disarmament described Canada's absence as "pathetic." Project Ploughshares' executive director Cesar Jaramillo considered it a hypocritical contradiction of the Trudeau government's stated commitment to multilateralism.
But to understand how hawkish Canada has become on nuclear arms, it's important to understand the origins of last week's UN nuclear ban conference: origins that date back to 1970, when the international Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty (NPT) entered into force. The NPT included two key premises: 1) that non-nuclear-weapon states would not seek weapons, and 2) that nuclear-weapon states would pursue nuclear disarmament aimed at the ultimate elimination of their nuclear arsenals.
Since the 1970s, while the non-nuclear-weapon states have largely respected their obligation, the nuclear-weapon states have not. After decades fuming under this status quo, many countries began to view the NPT as "a conspiracy of the nuclear 'haves' to keep the nuclear 'have-nots' in their place." Many also pointed out that countries who defied the NPT and developed nuclear weapons – notably India, Pakistan and Israel – did not pay a price for their non-compliance.
As early as 1974, concerned by Israel's development of nuclear weapons and its failure to sign onto the NPT, Egypt led an effort to pass a UN resolution calling for a nuclear-weapons-free Middle East. By 1995, the call had been elevated to the NPT review conferences which occur every five years, but the NPT's depositary states (the U.S., the U.K. and Russia) still failed to act.
With pressure mounting, the NPT depositary states finally agreed in 2010 to a compromise with Egypt and its NPT allies: if member states would pass resolutions for stricter non-proliferation measures, the West promised to hold a conference in 2012 supporting nuclear disarmament in the Middle East. But two years later, the West reneged again on its promise and no follow-up conference took place.
Again in 2015, Egypt and non-aligned states tried to launch a process to negotiate a nuclear-free Middle East, and again they were blocked, this time by Canada, acting in concert with the U.S. and the U.K. Following the vote, Canadian PM Stephen Harper and U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry both received personal thanks from Benjamin Netanyahu for sticking their necks out to protect Israel.
Incensed by the 2015 vote and the previous 40 years of inaction, countries opposing nuclear weapons passed a resolution at the UN last October calling for negotiations on a new treaty that would outright ban nuclear weapons. Canada again opposed that resolution, and then boycotted the resulting conference which concluded last week. As a result, Canada had no role in perhaps the most significant development in nuclear disarmament in 20 years: a legally binding ban on nuclear weapons. The treaty was signed by over 120 nations – two-thirds of the world's countries – and outlaws the development, testing, production, and acquisition of nuclear weapons.
Critics of the new ban suggest that it will be ineffective because none of the nuclear powers have signed on.
Following Canada's nay vote last October at the UN, then foreign affairs minister Stéphane Dion argued that Canada's support for a parallel resolution banning the trade in nuclear bomb-making (a.k.a. "fissile") material was a more pragmatic course of action. But Meyer points out that the treaty on fissile material has been around since 1993, and has yielded little in terms of results. What's more, they add, support for the ban on fissile material need not preclude support for the nuclear ban.
Few Canadians believe that our communities would be safer with more personal firearms. In the same way, at a global level, Canada's refusal to push for nuclear disarmament on the world stage is perplexing and upsetting. And North Korea's ability to develop a nuclear arsenal belies any suggestion that the arms of existing nuclear powers serves as any deterrent.
Some have suggested that Canada was strong-armed into opposing the ban by a dictate from the US to its NATO allies. But when challenged in Parliament, Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland tiptoed around the question. Whether that were the government's reasoning or not, Peggy Mason of the Rideau Institute dismisses it as a justification. Citing their own role as Canadian representative to the UN for five years, Mason asserted that NATO membership had never previously been a factor in Canada's UN voting on disarmament.
THE CANADIAN PRESS/Sean Kilpatrick Minister of Foreign Affairs Chrystia Freeland stands during question period in the House of Commons on Parliament Hill in Ottawa on Friday, June 9, 2017.
Critics of the new ban suggest that it will be ineffective because none of the nuclear powers have signed on. But regardless of such arguments, the new ban sheds light on the nuclear powers' decades-long reluctance to act on disarmament. Much of the power of international law resides in its ability to confer or withhold legitimacy on international players. With the new ban, Canada, the U.S., the U.K. and their supporters come out looking badly.
Of course, as nuclear powers, one could presume that the U.S. and the U.K. are simply acting in their own self-interest. As a nuclear weapon "have-not," Canada simply looks foolish.
Follow HuffPost Canada Blogs on Facebook
Serafim Keybo is the world's most advanced virtual laser projection keyboard & piano. In just a second, it can turn any flat surface into your keyboard or piano.
VIRTUAL KEYBOARD WITH MULTIPLE LANGUAGES LAYOUTS
It's a pain to type on the wrong keyboard layout if you speak more than one language. Different layouts may not provide the language special characters you need. But with Serafim Keybo, you can choose from 4 different languages keyboard layouts (English, Spanish, Arabic, and Chinese) to type in your language at anywhere, anytime.
2017 UPDATE OF NEW LANGUAGES: French, German, and Japanese!
VIRTUAL STUDIO WITH 4+ MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS
On the road or in the studio, Serafim Keybo allows you to create your music instantly with built-in music APP. Have a great time with your friends or families by playing piano, guitar, bass, or drums during your get-togethers!
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
PORTABLE CHARGER WITH 10 HOURS OF BATTERY LIFE
When not in use, you can use Serafim Keybo as an external battery charger to power up your smartphones and tablets.
COMPACT SIZE TO FIT INTO YOUR POCKET
It's super lightweight for every day carry. Take this tiny and powerful tool with you on the go!
MORE ACCURATE
The keyboard layouts of current laser projection keyboards are square keys with no space in between, so it's very easy to mistype unwanted keystrokes. That's why we design the round buttons layout to fix this problem. With our calculated round key design, you won't hit the wrong key again.
MORE CONVENIENT
In addition to its multiple functions, Serafim Keybo also serves as your cellphone stand. It can turn your mobile device into a computer within just a second. This feature comes pretty handy when you are live streaming or video recording.
MORE POWERFUL
Serafim Keybo comes with 2000mAh lithium-Ion battery which will enable you to type continuously for 10 hours. It also has smart energy-saving modes to save power and enable a quicker return to active mode.
MORE INTELLIGENT
With Serafim Keybo APP, you can adjust the brightness of keyboard and learn the current battery level. Serafim Keybo also has Software Development Kit (SDK) Support for iOS & Android Apps. Simply install Serafim Keybo framework to developers App. You can then interact your App through Serafim Keybo and unleash yourself from 5” screen to 12” surface.
KEYBOARD DEMO
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
PIANO DEMO
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Our Engineer is Conducting Projection Inspection
Founded in 2010 by a group of experts in optoelectronics industry, Serafim aims to offer affordable, useful, and cool consumer electronics for a better computing experience.
“Serafim” is derived from seraphs in Christian theology. It's the highest choir of the angelic hierarchy, representing light, thunder, and fire. We aim to reach the highest rank in our professional fields with our passion.
Contact Us: sales@serafim-tech.com
Promoted by
This project is promoted by Jellop, a direct­ response online advertising agency specializing in Kickstarter campaigns on Facebook Ads and Google Ads.
6 years ago
(CNN) - Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein of California said Sunday the president will soon have legislation "to lead on" in the gun control debate, announcing they will introduce a bill next month in the Senate to place a ban on assault weapons.
"We'll be prepared to go, and I hope the nation will really help," Feinstein said on NBC's "Meet the Press."
- Follow the Ticker on Twitter: @PoliticalTicker
The senator said she'll introduce the bill when Congress reconvenes in January and the same legislation will also be proposed in the House of Representatives.
"We're crafting this one. It's being done with care. It'll be ready on the first day," they said, adding that she'll soon announce the House authors.
"It will ban the sale, the transfer, the importation, and the possession. Not retroactively, but prospectively. It will ban the same for big clips, drums or strips of more than 10 bullets," they said. "There will be a bill."
Gun rights legislation has gained renewed attention since Friday's deadly elementary school shooting in Newtown, Connecticut, that left 20 students and six adults dead.
Many lawmakers and politicians have called for stricter gun control laws at the federal level, including a revisit to the 1994 former assault weapons ban that expired in 2004 but has yet to be reinstated.
Feinstein, who helped champion the 1994 legislation, said they and their staff have looked at the initial bill and tried to "perfect it."
"We believe we have (perfected it). We exempt over 900 specific weapons that will not fall under the bill, but the purpose of this bill is to get … 'weapons of war' off the street of our cities," they said.
The senator added they believe President Barack Obama will support the legislation. As a presidential candidate in 2008, Obama said they would support such a ban, but they have been criticized for failing to work toward tighter gun control laws since taking office.
After Friday's shooting, however, the president signaled a change in policy could soon be in place.
"We're going to have to come together and take meaningful action to prevent more tragedies like this, regardless of the politics," Obama said in their weekly address Saturday, echoing remarks they made Friday after the tragedy.
Feinstein on Sunday praised the assault weapons ban of 1994 for surviving its entire 10-year term and predicted a successful future for their upcoming bill.
"I believe this will be sustained as well," they added. "You know, all of the things that society regulates, but we can't touch guns? That's wrong."
Contrary to popular belief, Israel is very much involved in the destabilization of Syria
21st Century Wire
JERUSALEM — Israeli warplanes hit two separate areas near Syria's capital of Damascus yesterday, including a facility at the city's international airport, and reveals Tel Aviv's role in the destabilzation of Syria and aiding Islamic insurgents inside Syria.
“This afternoon, the Israeli enemy targeted two safe areas in Damascus province, namely the Dimas area and the Damascus International Airport,” said the Syrian Armed Forces General Command.
As is customary, Israeli officials refused to ‘confirm or deny' the bombing raid, in what the Jerusalem Post describes as, “Maintaining a policy of ambiguity that is meant to allow the other side to save face and to stave off retaliation”.
Israel is claiming this, its fifth unprovoked airstrike against Syria in 18 months (see full list of attacks below), was carried out as a ‘defensive measure', claiming that Syria was “hiding sophisticated weaponry destined for Hezbollah in Lebanon”. A Lebanese TV correspondent believes that Israel struck 10 crucial intelligence-linked locations in Syria that “belonging to Iran”. The same news outlet also reported other explosions heard near the Israeli-Lebanese border, allegedly from IDF airforce maneuvers.
Israel regularly claims it is under threat from neighboring Syria and Lebanon, and has used this as justification to attack its neighbors. The Syrian government claims Israel's latest airstrike had an ulterior motive, describing it as “direct aggression carried out to help the Syrian government's opponents”. The ‘opponents' Syrian officials are referring to are US-backed rebels, ISIS and Turkey.
Syrian officials also stated, “This direct aggression by Israel was carried out to help the terrorists in Syria, after our armed forces secured important victories in Deir Ezzor, Aleppo and elsewhere.”
Read Entire Article
All 30 Greenpeace activists involved in an Arctic oil rig protest have been charged with piracy, which could mean 15 years in prison. The environmental group called the decision “absurd,” but Gazprom insists the protest could have had tragic consequences.
Among those charged are two freelance journalists from Britain and Russia who were making video recordings and taking photographs on Greenpeace's Arctic Sunrise vessel.
The Investigative Committee said Thursday that all the crew members deny their guilt and are currently refusing to testify.
"Our activists have been charged with a crime that did not happen, they are accused of an imaginary offence," Greenpeace International Executive Director Kumi Naidoo said.
Russian authorities accuse the activists of trying to commandeer the oil platform, although Greenpeace says the protest was simply a campaign against the environmental risks posed by increased energy exploitation in the Arctic. They insist that an oil spill would be highly damaging to the environment and that the extraction of more fossil fuels would add to climate change.
However, Gazprom - the owner of the Prirazlomnaya oil rig - claims that “today the platform has no negative impact on the environment, which is confirmed by official documents.”
"It is difficult to say anything. Probably the word ‘absurd' suits it the best. We are astonished," Greenpeace Russia program director Ivan Blokov told Interfax.
Russian veteran rights activist Lyudmila Alekseeva, head of the Moscow Helsinki Group, said they are disappointed with the charges, calling the move “repressions and medieval.”
“I would let them go. I would take down their banner, look at it and let them go with their banner. What have they done?” Alekseeva told Interfax.
Alekseeva warned the Greenpeace trial may provoke spark global protests, just like the Pussy Riot case and the gay propaganda law.
However, Gazprom maintains that the activists' actions on September 18 are “absolutely inadmissible” and could have led to unpredictable and even tragic consequences for divers who were working underwater.
“Their work was interrupted in the emergency order. No one imagined that people on high-speed inflatable boats would start moving to the platform,” Gennady Lyubin, executive director of Gazprom Neft Shelf, said in their first comment since the incident.
According to Gazprom, Greenpeace did not notify the rig's authorities that they were planning the protest.
“That Greenpeace arrived, we learned when the vessel appeared on the radar of our platform,” Lyubin told PRIME news agency.
Lyubin says Greenpeace activists failed to scale the platform, but based on previous Greenpeace actions around the world, Gazprom assumed protesters would try to climb on the oil rig itself.
“The aim of such actions could be a desire to get into an object and destabilize its work for a while,” Lyubin suggested. “In our case they tried to reach the helipad. In case of success, it would [have prevented] us for an indefinite time from using it. In short, we are all lucky to not have had tragic consequences.”
They declined to comment on whether the activists' actions caused any material damage, saying that when people's lives are threatened, such questions are pushed to the back burner.
Earlier, Russian investigators also stated that the activists' actions “posed a real threat” to employees on the rig.
Despite the incident, Gazprom says it is ready to have a dialogue with the Greenpeace activists, but only if it is “constructive dialogue,” where both sides are listening to each other.
So far, there has not been a dialogue, “but an attempt to impose their views,” Gazprom said.
“They call the oil spill response plan insolvent, and say the platform does not provide a safe mode of field development. On any statement they say: ‘This is not good, this is bad, this is wrong, all you are doing is wrong,'” Lyubin said.
Greenpeace will now appeal the court's decision. "Representatives from all the countries from which members of the Arctic Sunrise crew came will be involved in this," Blokov said.
Illustration by Joel Benjamin
Each day this week, one Noisey UK staff member writes about one of their all-time faves (in some cases, one you might not expect anyone to love this much in 2017). Today: associate editor, Ryan Bassil on why they will forever give a shit about Brand New.
It's rare to be able to gush openly about a band you adore. But that's the thing about Brand New: they make terrible people do terrible things. In the decade and a half since the release of their debut album Your Favorite Weapon they've become a lifeline, the alternative scene's own Radiohead, a space for fans to project the most personal of stories – or at the least, a crush on Jesse Lacey.
Before kick-starting the motor to this flagellating ode however, it should be noted Brand New were never intended to become the band they now are. Born from the 00s emo/pop-punk/rock scene they should, as history tells it, have fallen prey to the following things (all of which have have happened to many other bands from their era): an emotional fall-out; a terrible fourth album which, when released ten years after the first, received three stars in Kerrang; eye-raising side projects, including collaborations with rap and pop acts.
But Brand New have seemingly avoided every pitfall of the modern emo, alternative band and transcended to become something more; going beyond the music and smashing through the wall into what can only be described as art or the higher tier of what it means to create – and value creation – for a living. As I said, Radiohead, but for people with a slightly altered collection of quirks, thoughts, encroaching sense of loneliness or complete displeasure toward going outside.
The story of how I came to know about Brand New can go and fuck itself. What's more important than any emotionally self-aggrandising story is how each person who becomes a fan of Brand New has their own tale, their own version of events of how they came to be obsessed with the band. The results of this adoration is evident in the countless fan-forum posts, the forever sold-out tour dates and – in cases that evaded even some of music's biggest stars – lyrics tagged on various bridges and concrete slabs across North America.
Your Favorite Weapon and its follow-up Deja Entendu brought Brand New into the muscle memory of broken-hearted suburban teens. But the two following records solidified the group as something that went beyond writing catchy songs with really long titles (the phase where most other bands of their era fell off). The turning point came with the November 2006 release of The Devil and God Are Raging Inside Me – a record that's previously been eulogised on Noisey here, and saw Brand-New fall off the precipice and into life's great, dark unknown.
"We became more comfortable with the idea of a funeral," said Jesse Lacey of the record's themes, at the time. "I would walk into a funeral home and it was like I had just been there a few weeks before that – and in some cases I had. That felt strange." No longer the band to drunk-dial your high-school ex to, the group captured the chasm between dark and light, life and death and the complete evocation of its title, The Devil and God Are Raging Inside Me. They retained the inherent darkness of emo bands at the time, but erased the angst and replaced it with cold, dark reality.
Follow-up Daisy expanded on Devil and God, smoothed out the edges yet also threw itself off a cliff, submerging itself in an ocean of thought, at the bottom of everything. "A lot of the songs came from places we don't know much about – it was a very unconscious thing writing this record," explained Lacey in a fan-shot video from 2009. Zooming out on a widescreen to the honed-in tightness of The Devil and God, Daisy was a breathtaking accomplishment, a deep dive into everything we feel as humans but laid out in a way that hadn't yet been explored on a record.
Then: they fucked off for seven years.
For most bands, an interim period of seven years could spell the end. For Brand New, however, it was a moment to grow even more. Take, for example, a note they left in the inlay to The Devil and God CD. On it they asked fans to send a letter to an address, enclosing a $1 bill. In 2016, almost ten years after the release of the record, they mailed out fanzines to each person who had sent off money. Inside each booklet was a selection of handwritten lyrics and guitar chords. It's a small gift but a considerable one when you consider the time frame and the thought involved.
Since then they've released their fifth and last album Science Fiction. As Emma Garland wrote for Noisey at the time, the album "feels like a fitting ending, and parts with the same sort of advice an older sibling or a mentor might give to you before they fuck off to college or otherwise move on with their life". It's as dark as their previous albums with references to emotional trauma, death, rebirth. But there's also the sense it took a lot for Brand New to return to these subjects, waiting years for the right moment and the right songs, knowing it's what fans wanted. "When you do an interview and meet a fan outside a show, the only reference they have of you is that album – that's almost what they want and expect, to be that person," Lacey explained in an interview in 2007, after the release of Devil and God. "But we were only those people for four/five months. We still live with those things but it's only a part of who we are."
New album or not, however, Brand New are a band who offer an avenue into something more: into learning about yourself and others, life, or indeed music. Watching them live or delving deeper into fan forums brings a wealth of new information and new bands to discover. For example in the past they've covered everything from Weezer's "Say It Ain't So" and "El Scorcho" to Modest Mouse to Morrissey to Jawbreaker to Neutral Milk Hotel to Archers of Loaf – to a whole bunch of other records that may well have otherwise gathered dust in Midwestern record stores.
As time passes and I grow older, I can't always bring myself to listen to Brand New. Sure, I feel shitty a lot of the time. But I'm also aware of how listening to depressing music when I'm depressed is part of a vicious circle for me and, as such, haven't given Science Fiction much of a listen. What I'll always remember and love about Brand New, though, are the moments I've attached to their previous work, the bands I've discovered through them, the years they helped me through. Then there's all the extra effort they've gone through to facilitate these things, going above and beyond in terms of letting loose with emotion and pleasing fans. And that's what makes Brand New so great – they're a deeply personal band telling their own stories but they're also helping others write theirs in their own special way. Plus, unlike Radiohead, they do not write about computers.
You can follow Ryan on Twitter and see more of Joel's work on Tumblr.
Takeshi's Castle to come back on Comedy Central — is Jaaved Jaaferi listening?
If you're having a bad day, here's a little piece of sunshine for you — Takeshi's Castle is coming back on Comedy Central and we're shaken (If you don't know what Takeshi's Castle is, you can still pretend like you can't contain yourself either. That should keep you from becoming a social outcast).
So we're talking another series on people doing stuff like this:
And also, this:
There's some bad news that we withheld from you at first.
We do not know whether Jaaved Jaaferi and their slew of colourful, hyperlocal terms will be coming back or not. According to a report by The Independent, the upcoming installment will be aired on Comedy Central, so we do not know whether we'll get to hear 'General Ke Jaabaz' or 'Pandey Ji Ka Keechad' at all.
But it's all good as long as there's General Lee in all their glory and the two imps, who are popularly known as Changu Mangu in India.
"Takeshi's Castle is the gold standard of physical game shows and we can't wait to bring the delightful mayhem of this show back to the UK with this new series," said Louise Holmes, Vice President, General Manager, Comedy Central UK. Jonathan Ross will be replacing Craig Charles in the new series.
It's safe to say that Takeshi's Castle is the greatest game show to have been broadcast in India. We remember an over-excited Shah Rukh Khan jumping around on our screens while hosting Zor Ka Jhatka: Total Wipeout, the desi version of America's Wipeout, and we all know how that fared (not very well).
General Lee's hilarious game show, however, with its outlandish obstacles — Skipping Stones, Bridge Ball, Honeycomb Maze — and equally terrible participants, made for a great watch on Sunday mornings. And evenings. 24x7. 24x7x365.
Because where else would you find a bevy of fully grown, pumped up Japanese people, braving the winds and waters to finally move around in miniature battery operated cars?
The FINAL SHOWDOWN...remember?
Updated Date: Oct 06, 2017 13:54:27 IST
I didn't want to wear Google Glass at all, ever. But, after so many reports of late of people hating on the face computer in San Francisco, right in the area it was born, my editor assigned me to do it.
One guy had their Glass ripped off their face and stomped, someone else was reportedly attacked at a local dive bar and the city is rife with stories of rejection of and disdain for so-called “Glassholes.”
It's increasingly clear that some in San Francisco have had uncomfortable reactions to Google Glass since the mobile devices started rolling out to select “Explorers” last April.
But how could such a harmless-looking device cause so much consternation? Is it because it represents the dystopian future to come, where humans can only engage via products glued to their heads? Or that it might be recording, tagging and cataloging everyone within sight, with or without their permission, to become part of the greater and ever-growing ocean of information for the search Charybdis?
Or is it because they are just ugly, meaning no people will ever procreate again — or, as the meme goes, is it a chastity belt for the face?
I thought I'd make the best of it and spend a night on the town flirting while wearing the famous face computer to see if the story could change at all.
The plan: I would write a piece on all the ways I could chat someone up with a five-megapixel camera and 12 gigabytes of memory attached to my forehead. I'd text a prospect my number while we talked. I'd videotape our first drink together. If things went well, I'd Google their favorite movie scene, and we'd watch it together right there in the bar.
The two stories I mentioned above have become legendary. One woman, Sarah Slocum, claimed to have been attacked by a crowd at Molotov's bar, although their story has since been called into question. More recently, Kyle Russell, a reporter for Business Insider, had their Glass torn off their face and smashed on the sidewalk into little bits.
But I figured, with the device roving the city for a whole year, surely we were ready to start having at least some fun with it.
Wrong, as you can see from the many texts I sent to my editor as I stepped out for the night:
So, maybe we weren't ready to discover the joys of flirting via a computer that rests on the ears and has a jutting screen that floats just over the right eye.
Maybe the story was actually about getting kicked out of iconic bars across San Francisco — it seemed like I was on a good path toward that. So, on another recent night, I started out in the Marina neighborhood, at the Balboa Cafe, a historic cougar bar where as a teenager I'd used my mom's ID to get in (and no one would question it, which tells you everything).
But I had no problem getting into the Balboa as a grown woman. A grown woman wearing Glass. I sat down. A table of 30-something revelers in paper party hats stared at me. The bartender asked what I wanted, and then paused.
“Hey, so what's wrong with you?” asked Brian Seifert, who has been tending bar at the Balboa for 15 years.
I queried if I should leave of my own accord or be kicked out in a dramatic fashion. Too dramatic, it seems. They cocked their head and told me I could stay, but they had a few things they wanted to say to me first.
“It's insidious enough to have iPhones everywhere,” Seifert began. “A bar is a place to be as free as you want to be, to do what you want to do. It's a safe space.”
The other bartender, Adam, walked over. It was almost midnight on a rainy Tuesday night, so there wasn't much action.
“There's nothing inherently bad about them, unless we catch you videotaping in the men's bathroom or something, but they're weird as shit,” Adam opined about Glass. “That you'd need this on your face, to me, is just inherently idiotic. I'm not a doomsday prepper, but I do think it's vastly unimportant, all this antisocial tech. It's dull.”
Moving on.
Across town at the Tempest, a bike-messenger bar, the bartender sighed when I came in wearing Glass. Neither they nor the burly leather-clad men on the wooden stools cared about my presence, and I was completely ignored.
At Bourbon and Branch, a speakeasy in the Tenderloin district, I was standing at the bar taking a break and thinking about ordering something, when a tall Argentine fellow sidled up next to me and said he'd like to buy me a drink — as long as they could try on my Glass.
It was finally happening: Glass flirting!
Rodrigo, who works as an analyst for McKinsey and was at the bar with an American friend from business school, gently removed my face computer and tried it on. Unfortunately, they then spun around and started chatting up another girl, Nicole. They tipped the Glass over their nose so they could peer over them and wink at them They pretended to take a picture with it. They pretended that it was a laser and everyone was naked, which Nicole thought was hilarious. They helped them try them on. They were rocking it. This was Glass flirting. Just not with me.
Rodrigo's friend Brian, a mobile and Wi-Fi product manager at Facebook who lives in the neighborhood, leaned over.
“Dude, what are you doing? Glass is fucking revolting,” Brian said, who asked that their last name not be used because their friend is one of the Glass product managers. “It's like something about it just makes me mad.”
Rodrigo smiled: “You just don't appreciate it here anymore. You're jaded.”
Finally — and with a significant amount of back and forth — I reclaimed my Glass from Rodrigo and Nicole and made the pilgrimage to one last place, the site of the first Glass drama: Molotov's.
While the earliest Explorers reported amused, curious responses from strangers, local San Franciscans seem to have been less enthusiastic. The little device has become a negative symbol, much like the company's much-maligned shuttle system.
But it goes beyond the shuttles, which drive people crazy here. Glass seems actually dangerous to some in the City by the Bay. When I wore the device in New York or L.A., for example, people stared; some smiled. The dry cleaner was a little worried, but kids on the subway wanted to try it on.
In San Francisco, the response was different: Everyone knows exactly what it is, and they don't like it. Maybe the more we're around Glass, the less we like it.
Maybe Glass is something that doesn't grow on people.
Yes. The Molotov bouncer put their hands out in front of them to stop me as I started to walk in.
“No, not allowed. No computers on the face,” they said, before asking me to please go on the other side of the street. The other side of the street. As in, across the street.
A young man named Eric was smoking outside, and started backing away from me.
“Whoa, too soon, man. Too soon.”
Or maybe, just maybe, too late.
The Human Dynamic Lab now boasts some 50 graduate alumni. And Pentland themselves is no longer a dark horse — he's actually more of a campus darling. Everyone I talked to refers to Pentland in the superlative: a "ridiculous" adviser, according to Thad Starner (in the best sense of the word); not just a brilliant researcher, but a brilliant mentor, according to former student Ben Waber. And Pentland's energy — especially when it comes to students — is unflagging. "I don't think they sleep a ton," Waber confesses.
The dedication shows. Of Pentland's former students, roughly half are tenured faculty at various institutions, and the rest are working in industry, either leading research groups or heading up their own companies. And the overwhelming majority of those companies was co-founded, sponsored, or advised by Pentland — each devoted to bringing a separate facet of wearable tech to the general public.
The latest Pentland project to garner significant attention is the sociometer. It's a deceptively simple device roughly the size of a card deck that's equipped with an accelometer to measure your movement, a microphone to capture your voice, Bluetooth to detect other sociometers nearby, and, finally, an infrared sensor to tell when you're engaging those nearby people face-to-face — capabilities that Pentland believes can be used nearly everywhere: in medical settings, to determine if someone is depressed or sick; businesses, where companies can gauge employee happiness and productivity; and think-tanks and entrepreneurial environments, where sociometric data can help badge-wearers maximize personal and team creativity and innovation. Pentland insists that, to mitigate privacy concerns, most sociometers record only voice and speech patterns instead of actual words. He's been developing the device for close to 15 years, and has already had people wear it for weeks at a time. One study revealed that the sociometer helps discern when someone is bluffing at poker roughly 70 percent of the time; another found that a wearer can determine who will win a negotiation within the first five minutes with 87 percent accuracy; yet another concluded that one can accurately predict the success of a speed date before the participants do.
Pentland has now amassed over 100 metrics that often tell you more about a person than their actual words
Over the last decade, sociometric data has advanced far beyond these initial demonstrations. Using data collected over dozens of human studies, both in labs and the field, Pentland has now amassed over 100 metrics that often tell you more about a person than their actual words. In voice and posture, you can read the signs of depression and happiness, engagement and boredom. In the frequency and nature of an interaction, you can decode signals of job satisfaction and productivity. You can tell when a group is likely to innovate and when it's apt to become mired in inertia. You can, it seems, even predict the onset of Parkinson's.
Pentland's newest spin-off, Sociometric Solutions, is now working on developing the sociometer even further. As of 2013, the device has been used by dozens of research groups and companies, including members of the Fortune 1000. Last year, MIT alum Waber (who's leading the venture) and Pentland conducted a study alongside a research group at Cornell University to see if they could push the sociometer's capabilities to the next level. By analyzing nothing more than the tone of someone's voice, the team accurately predicted the level of cortisol in their saliva — indicating how stressed they were now, and how stressed they were likely to be in the near future. "From an evolutionary point of view, it makes a huge amount of sense," Pentland says. "You can imagine back in the day, when you were about to go hunt a mammoth, it would be good to know who was feeling good and who was feeling sick and who was enthusiastic and who wasn't. So, we developed these signals, not language but something older than language." And back come the beavers. "It's like watching beavers from outer space, like Jane Goodall watching gorillas. You observe from a distance."
At last, Pentland can not only count their beavers from space, but predict where they will go, how they will interact, what might happen to them in the future — and how all of those outcomes can, in turn, be improved. In 1998, they predicted that "[wearables] can extend one's senses, improve memory, aid the wearer's social life and even help them or them stay calm and collected." With the sociometer, they envision that they'll do even more than that: the wearables of the near future could improve collective intelligence, the way society functions on the broadest level.
But a future where wearable technology yields objective data that improves our lives and our society isn't a guarantee. Just as Pentland's work on wearables was met with distrust among their MIT colleagues in its earliest days, wearables continue to be met with skepticism, much of it deserved, today. Businesses ranging from a Seattle cafe to a Vegas strip club are banning devices like Google Glass entirely. In April, yet another hapless Glass wearer — a 20-year-old journalist from Business Insider walking in San Francisco's Mission district — had the device ripped from their face and smashed on the asphalt.
In part, such unease can be explained by an underlying distrust in technology intruding on human interaction. We look at our phones more than each other, check our Twitter feeds rather than engage in real-world interaction. Aren't Google Glass or sociometers just a step in that same direction, devices that limit our sociability and harm our intelligence? After all, it's simple for me to miss what you're saying if I'm pulling up a reference from your last sentence or distracted by an alarm I'd set earlier. And yes, there is the fear of memory erosion — the so-called Google effect. If you can constantly access everything, why remember anything?
Do you still not quite know what Bitcoin is or how it works? Don't worry, neither does most of the world. But despite the confusion that continues to surround them, Bitcoin and the rest of its cryptocurrency brethren have become a growing part of internet commerce. And they don't seem to be going away anytime soon. Depending on who you ask, that can be good or bad.
To help you form your own opinion, here are five things that everyone should know about cryptocurrency.
1. There Are a Bunch of Them
When Bitcoin launched in 2009, it was the first form of cryptocurrency. It introduced the idea of using cryptography to create a highly secure way of trading purely digital funds online. And by limiting the number of Bitcoins that can ultimately exists, it circumvents inflation in a way not unlike precious metals. However, Bitcoin's open-source software has made its system fairly easy to replicate, and since its launch numerous competitors have arrived to challenge the Bitcoin throne. Some are even doing a pretty good job.
Meme-inspired Dogecoin is sponsoring Nascar drivers. Kanye West parody Coinye became prominent enough to warrant a lawsuit from the rapper himself. And just recently INNCoin, or IndependenceCoin, combines old school gold standards with new school cryptocurrency. There's Peercoin, Darkcoin, Namecoin, and the list goes on. But even with all of these newcomers, Bitcoin remains the champ, at least for now. After all, it just got a football bowl named after it.
2. You Can Actually Use Them to Buy Lots of Things
Aside from Iceland and its foreign exchange freeze, cryptocurrencies are legal all over the world. However, countries like China are still a bit wary and Bitcoin trade there is subject to heavy restrictions. But besides that, plenty of places now accept Bitcoin, and not surprisingly, they tend to be businesses with strong ties to the web. Amazon, eBay, PayPal, GameStop, WordPress, Newegg, Apple's App Store, Expedia, Subway, CVS, and OkCupid all accept Bitcoin as do traditional brick and mortar stores like Sears, Kmart, and Home Depot. Dell recently announced that they would be accepting Bitcoin, making them the largest company to accept them as currency.
And even if you choose to go down some darker corners of the internet, to places like 4Chan or The Pirate Bay, rest assured that your Bitcoins will be able to follow you there as well. Of course, you can also just blow them on some Reddit gold.
3. They are Still Kind of Unstable
Like all currency, cryptocurrencies' value fluctuates. Even with their highly planned formulas and ultimately finite supply, they have their ups and downs. However, because of how new they are, not everyone who invested right away realized this. Bitcoin was going up so they just assumed it would go up forever and they should get in while the getting was good. It was a never-ending gold rush, until it ended.
In the past few months, Bitcoin has suffered some tremendous crashes, slashing its value in half from around $1000 per Bitcoin to $500. Some believers lost so much money that the Bitcoin subreddit felt compelled to post a link to the suicide prevention hotline to help its readers get through these tough times. However, all of these cracks in Bitcoin's armor have just inspired legions of new cryptocurrencies to rise up and take its place. But there's nothing to suggest that they won't fall prey to this volatility as well.
4. No One Knows For Sure Who Made Bitcoin
Bitcoin was first proposed in a 2008 research paper by someone named Satoshi Nakamoto. However, no one has yet been able to track down and fully confirm whether or not Nakamoto is even a real person. And as Bitcoin's fame rises, its mysterious creator has become something like an internet folk legend. Theories range from the mundane like “it's a pseudonym for Nick Szabo or Hal Finney” to full-on conspiracy crazy like “it's an acronym for a Japanese corporate cabal controlled Samsung, Toshiba, Nakamichi, and Motorola.”
Earlier this year, Newsweek confronted a man named Dorian Prentice Satoshi Nakamoto and thought they had finally cracked the case. However, this Nakamoto denied any connection to Bitcoin, and days later, the typically silent Nakamoto P2P Foundation that started this whole mess released a statement saying, “I am not Dorian Nakamoto.” So the hunt continues. Is there really a Satohsi Nakamoto? Maybe he's just in our hearts. Either way, the anonymous nature of cryptocurrency remains one of its most valued properties.
5. It Won't Be a Libertarian Playground Forever
With its lack of regulation and connection to the government, it's no wonder that cryptocurrencies have become so beloved by libertarians, anarcho-capitalists, and people who just really want to end the Fed. However, even with its relative amount of extra freedom, jumping head first into cryptocurrencies won't completely shield you from Uncle Sam. After shutting down Silk Road, the infamous online marketplace for illegal goods like drugs and weapons, the US government seized $25 million in Bitcoin this January that it then proceeded to auction off. And before that, they had seized and froze assets from traders like Mt. Gox, what had been the largest source of Bitcoin transactions. Many also believe that Mt. Gox's subsequent bankruptcy led to the apparent suicide of Autumn Radtke, CEO of First Meta Bitcoin Exchange.
So what's the lesson to learn from all this? Just because Bitcoin, Dogecoin, and cryptocurrency in general may initially seem like shiny, new internet magic, be sure to approach them with a healthy amount of skepticism and know that just because they are unregulated as of now, it may not stay like that forever.
Offensive lineman John Greco has been a fixture for the Cleveland Browns since their arrival in 2011. They have been a starter for the majority of the games they have appeared in beginning in 2012 and has served as both guard and center, sometimes by design and sometimes because injuries or poor performance has forced them into the lineup. But the 32-year old is not guaranteed to remain with the Browns for the 2017 season.
Greco's situation is a common one in the NFL—he's a veteran coming off of an injury, he's staring down a roster of younger and newer players who are ready to take their job, and he's doing so in a contract year. A season ago, their 12 games played were all starts, with Greco working at right guard as well as center. However, the Browns have added two free agents at both of those positions, with Kevin Zeitler now Cleveland's starting right guard and J.C. Tretter as their center.
As such, Greco is the odd man out, relegated to a depth role should they manage to keep their job at all.
The main concern is Greco's injury status; they spent last week's OTAs on the stationary bike, not a good sign that the Lisfranc injury to their foot that landed them on injured reserve last November is 100 percent healed. For Greco to play out the final year of their contract will depend heavily on the status of their health.
On one hand, the Browns should view Greco as highly valuable. With an offensive line that is still a work-in-progress—we've yet to see how the Tretter and Zeitler additions will affect or improve what was one of the league's worst in both run-blocking and pass-protection in 2016—Greco's continued presence on the roster gives the team a stable, experienced option.
Their versatility is also an asset; should Tretter, Zeitler or left guard Joel Bitonio suffer any injuries this year, Greco would be an easy plug-and-play without much of a quality downgrade. Cleveland gave up 66 sacks a season ago, but only four were attributable to Greco and they have long shined as a run-blocking guard according to Pro Football Focus' grades.
Financially, however, the Browns don't have an incentive to keep Greco rostered in 2017. Greco signed a four-year, $6.42 million deals in 2013. Though their cap hit this year will be $3.075 million, none of that is part of the guaranteed-money portion of their contract. Releasing them would thus save the team that money while costing it nothing in dead cap cash. The Browns aren't a cash-poor team and would not likely cut ties with Greco for economic reasons; however, Greco's present contract situation does give the Browns a financially painless out should release them be of greater interest than keeping him.
Ultimately, Greco's standing in Cleveland this season will depend on their health. The Browns should have no problem with retaining a veteran offensive lineman who has been in Cleveland as long as Greco has, given their experience as a starter and their ability to play multiple positions. But Greco will need to get off the bike and back on the field for that to happen.
The Browns may need what Greco can provide, but Greco can only provide it when healthy. Cleveland has a lot of young players who have been drafted over the last two years and want to retain as many of them as are worthy. Thus, the Browns' roster spots are not only finite but precious. “The best ability is availability,” is the football cliche to keep in mind when it comes to Greco's chances to stick in Cleveland for 2017.
Bernie Sanders meets with Campaign Zero team
Bernie Sanders meets with Campaign Zero team
On September 16, presidential candidate Bernie Sanders held a private hour-long meeting with a strong collection of activists to discuss police brutality and the complex system of racial injustice in America.
The team was largely represented by Campaign Zero, a new policy collective that has helped to spark a national dialogue on meaningful solutions to police brutality. Participants were overwhelmingly positive but slightly measured in their remarks about how the meeting went.
Johnetta Elzie said that the senator's “answers to our questions around race, racism, systematic oppression in America as it relates to black people in this country weren't perfect" and that they had not expected them to be. “I can say Bernie Sanders was very open to being pushed,” Elzie added. They pointed out that while Sanders needs the black vote, it's unclear whether he'd be as eager to listen to the black community after being elected. “I also made it very clear that they have not won over a large demographic of black people in this country no matter how progressive they seem and that their policy platform, that their past history of dealing with black people, from their place of power in VT is also a concern in our community," they continued.
Many of the leaders present in the meeting shared their thoughts about it on Twitter. You can read them below.
Shooting (Photo: The Republic)
A Phoenix man died of their injuries after they were shot by another man during an argument Sunday morning involving their ex-wife, authorities said.
Phoenix police identified the dead man as Brandon Branch, 34.
Shortly before 10 a.m., officers found Branch wounded near 37th Avenue and Camelback Road, said Sgt. Jonathan Howard, a Phoenix police spokesperson.
They were transported to a nearby hospital in critical condition, Howard said said.
Witnesses described a vehicle involved in the confrontation, which was found in the 4300 block of West Clarendon Ave., Howard said.
A preliminary investigation showed Branch had been in an ongoing dispute with their ex-wife, Howard said. Their ex-wife and a friend went to search for Branch to confront him. The ex-wife was talking with Branch when they produced a handgun and threatened to kill her, Howard said. The friend, who had remained in the car, responded by producing their own handgun.
The two men exchanged gunfire, with Branch the only man struck, Howard said.
The ex-wife's friend has been cooperating with investigators, Howard said.
Read or Share this story: http://azc.cc/2ekuOer
SACRAMENTO, Calif. - The Sacramento Kings have added two members to Head Coach Dave Joerger's staff, naming Bob Thornton an assistant coach and Larry Lewis as a player development coach.
Thornton arrives in Sacramento with more than 30 years of basketball experience as a player, coach and personnel scout, having spent the previous five seasons in Memphis alongside Joerger after four years as an advance scout for the Oklahoma City Thunder (2007-2011). Their coaching resume includes two seasons as an assistant coach for the Chicago Bulls (2002-04) and Minnesota Timberwolves (2005-07) and as head coach for the Huntsville Flight of the NBA D-League (2001-02) and the Continental Basketball Association's Quad City Thunder (2000-01).
Selected by the New York Knicks in the fourth round of the 1984 NBA Draft, the Los Angeles native played eight seasons in the league and three overseas in Italy before breaking into the coaching ranks as an assistant with Chapman University in 1997.
Lewis joins Sacramento's bench after spending the last three seasons with the Los Angeles Lakers in a similar capacity. Prior to their elevation to the Lakers, they served two seasons as an assistant coach for the L.A. D-Fenders of the D-League. In their first year as a coach after a long international playing career, Lewis helped the franchise post the best regular season record in D-League annals (38-12) and earn eight NBA call-ups. Named an assistant on the D-League Select Team in 2012, they played a central role in the D-Fenders capturing the Development Champion Award, bestowed on the team that best embodies the D-League's goals of developing talent via call-ups and player assignments.
In addition to their experience on the sidelines, Lewis' eclectic international playing career spanned 19 seasons and four continents, including stops in Argentina (2011), Spain (2001-11), Japan (1996-2000), Cyprus (1996), Great Britain (1993) and the Dominican Republic (1992). They also played one season in the United States Basketball League with Sarasota (1996), in the CBA with the Harrisburg Hammerheads and Rapid City Thrillers (1994-95) and for the silver medal winning Team USA in the Pan American Games (1995).
A Morehouse College alumnus, Lewis turned professional in 1992 when they were drafted by the Albany Patroons of the CBA.
EDMONTON – An independent study suggests pollution from Alberta's oilsands is nearly five times greater and twice as widespread as industry figures say. The study says toxic emissions from the controversial industry are equal to a major oil spill occurring every year. Government and industry officials say contamination in area soils and rivers is natural, but the report links it firmly to oilsands mining.
A massive drag hauler processes bitumen at Syncrude's North Mine near Fort McMurray, Alta. A newly released study says toxic emissions from the controversial industry are equal to a major oil spill occurring every year. ( SYNCRUDE FILE PHOTO )
"We found rather massive inputs of toxic organic compounds by the oilsands industry to the Athabasca River and its tributaries," said David Schindler, a co-author of the study. "The major contribution to the river was from industry." The study, published Monday in the U.S.-based Proceedings of National Academy of Science, also takes direct aim at Alberta's monitoring program. "Our study confirms the serious defects of the (regional aquatic monitoring program)," it says. "More than 10 years of inconsistent sampling design, inadequate statistical power and monitoring-insensitive responses have missed major sources of (contamination) to the Athabasca watershed."
Article Continued Below
The report is the latest to question official figures and point out the industry's environmental costs – from acid rain to reduced songbird populations. In the summer of 2008, Schindler's team set up monitoring stations on the Athabasca and several of its tributaries. Some stations were upstream of both the oilsands and facilities, others were in the middle of the deposits but upstream of industry and still others were downstream of both. It found petrochemical concentrations did not increase until the streams flowed past oilsands facilities, especially when they flowed past new construction. "We always found that the major contribution to the river was from industry," Schindler said. Researchers also took snow samples from similar locations earlier that spring.
They found deposits of bitumen particulates within a 50-kilometre radius around Suncor and Syncrude's upgraders – twice the previous distance estimate. The deposits were "substantial" and enough to form an oily slick on the snow when it was melted. "The close association of deposition with proximity to the upgrading facilities suggests they are the primary source," says the report.
Article Continued Below
In all, the study estimates about 34,000 tonnes of particulates are falling every year near Suncor's and Syncrude's facilities, which were designated as the centre of development. Company figures total just over 6,000 tonnes. The study calculates those particles carry 3.5 tonnes of raw bitumen and carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic compounds (PAC). "This amount of bitumen released in a pulse would be equivalent to a major oil spill, repeated annually," the report says. Schindler said the total concentration of pollutants, measured in parts per trillion, remains low in both soil and water, although there's already enough to be toxic to some fish embryos. They point out the compounds don't break down and gradually accumulate wherever they land. Health implications for downstream communities are uncertain, Schindler said. Researchers weren't able to learn what happened as far downstream as Fort Chipewyan, where residents have long complained of high cancer rates. However, the report's main conclusion is clear. "The oilsands industry is a far greater source of regional PAC contamination than previously realized ... The existing (regional aquatic monitoring program) must be redesigned with more scientific and technical oversight." Schindler said nothing has changed in the province's monitoring program since it was criticized in a 2004 review. The study joins a growing pile of research on the industry's environmental impact. In October, another report said greenhouse gas emissions from the oilsands are being underestimated by nearly a quarter because official estimates don't include carbon released from disturbed forests or peatlands. Last December, one paper found up to 12 per cent of the province's forest soils may be over their acid-carrying capacity, probably because of the oilsands. At about the same time, an environmental group used industry figures to suggest that 11 million litres of contaminated water a day was leaking from tailings ponds. U.S. researchers have said oilsands mines, roads and other facilities in the area are destroying so much bird habitat that up to 166 million fewer songbirds could be flying North American skies within 50 years. The Alberta government has disputed those findings.
Read more about:
From RationalWiki
Le drapeau Québécois
Kébeckistan (or, to politically correct liberals, "Québec") is Canada's only predominantly French-speaking province, and home to Arcade Fire. This naturally leads to a certain degree of tension between Québec and the rest of Canada (which is predominantly English-speaking), in the form of Québec separatism.
In spite of occasional bouts of separatist sentiment (or, more likely, because of them), Québec has been home to a great many Canadian Prime Ministers.[1] Also, due to official bilingualism in the Canadian government, Québec is strongly represented in the civil service (since English Canadians are apparently too lazy to just stop whining and learn a second language; or it could be because English people do not want French shoved down their throats, while being fine with the reverse.)
Quebec culture [ edit ]
The Québécois share cultural commonalities with the Irish, as can be seen in their traditional music. Many Irish moved to the province, and as a result it is not unusual to meet Québécois people who cannot speak English, but have family names like "Johnson," "Myles," and "O'Neill." Many of them were found among the ranks of the Patriot Party during the Lower Canada Rebellion in 1837-39. Quebec is the starting point for a fair share of Conspiracy theories. We'll save you the history on this, and instead sum it all up with one sentence: Quebec also produced The Vigilant Christian[2], so, yeah, whether this is testament to Quebec's general sanity we will leave up to you to decide.
Québec has a strong lay culture and pride but many new religions and cultures have arrived in "la belle province." There have been controversies with the regulation of religions such as banning religious signs such as Hijabs for government employees. There has also been controversy about language, especially French and the laws implemented to protect it.
Amusingly for atheists, French Canadians have their own set of swear words, which consist of taking parts of the Church service in vain .
The provincial capital, Quebec City, was founded in 1608, making it one of the oldest European style cities in North America. Montreal, further South, is one of Canada's largest cities, and is home to McGill University, one of the best in the country. Old Montreal and Parc du Mont Royal are major tourist attractions.
Pauline Marois and the "Charter of Values" [ edit ]
In 2013, the Québec government proposed legislation which would limit on-the-job religious expression by public employees, forbidding them from wearing obvious signs of religious practice. Should the proposed law pass--by no means a sure thing--this so-called "Charter of Values" could lead to other provinces and possibly Americans experiencing a bump in applicants for nursing and other skilled people who wear hijabs, turbans, and yarmulkes.[3] Meet the iron law of institutions, Premier Marois.[4]
On July 18, two candidates for the Democratic presidential nomination — former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley and Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders — faced protests during a town hall discussion at the liberal Netroots Nation conference in Phoenix. The Black Lives Matter campaign, which is effectively merging online and offline activism against racial injustice, staged a demonstration in the conference hall, asking the candidates, Which side are you on?
Initially, O'Malley handled the protest well, even tapping their hands to the rhythm of a song the group sang and starting their remarks by answering questions about criminal justice and police reform. But they fumbled, inviting boos from the majority white progressive crowd when they said, “Black lives matter, and white lives matter, and all lives matter.” They should have known that the phrase “black lives matter” is part of an attempt to eradicate the racist and structural inequalities in the criminal justice system, which so often manifests as police brutality and other state-sanctioned violence. Hence, the emphasis upon black lives.
Sanders, whose appearance followed O'Malley's, was given a rehearsal and a series of talking points by two Black Lives Matter activists who took the stage during the protest — Tia Oso and Patrisse Cullors. But clearly unmoved, they stepped off on the wrong foot by gesturing to the protesters and the audience to settle down so that they could get to “some serious things” they wanted to address, as if their questions were a mere frivolous disruption from the major issues facing the United States. They then proceeded to give their prepared campaign speech and threatened to leave if the audience “did not want him” to be there.
The incident, which followed a well-received keynote address by Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren a day earlier, laid bare a major political divide among white progressives and may now serve as the foundation for challenging other 2016 presidential contenders.
Unlike the two candidates, Warren did not simply recite the phrase “black lives matter”; they effortlessly connected the fight for racial justice with the struggle for economic justice in this country. “It shouldn't take a revolution on YouTube to drive a revolution in law enforcement,” they said. “It shouldn't take a hurricane in New Orleans or a massacre in Charleston for Americans to wake up to what is happening — what is still happening — to people of color in this country.”
Sanders maintains that the rise of “the billionaire class” is the key problem facing the United States today. And they believe that racial injustice is an outcome of economic injustices and will be solved only through an economic revolution. Racism is not simply a byproduct of class oppression and economic exploitation. Race and class are inextricably linked to the institution of slavery and, thus, the rise of capitalism in the United States, which dehumanized and objectified black lives by separating families and creating race-based, structural inequalities with clear economic outcomes.
In this regard, the Black Lives Matter protest was a teachable moment for everyone, particularly for white progressives. White progressives need to address racial injustice by picking a side. Will they be Warren progressives, who incorporate racial justice and economic justice? Will they be Sanders progressives, who prioritize economic justice as the cause of racial injustice? Or will progressives create an even better platform than what either of these politicians has articulated? Their answers are critical to shaping the conversation and electoral agenda in 2016.
Two state representatives are urging the Wichita City Council to remove the marijuana question from the April 7 ballot before the Friday deadline to print ballots.
But City Council members say it's unlikely they will call an emergency meeting to vote again on the issue.
Representatives Steve Brunk and Mark Kahrs, both Republicans from Wichita, said in a letter to city officials: “It is clear on numerous levels that the petition request for public vote violates statutes and procedures.”
The petition initiative aims to reduce the penalties for first-time possession of marijuana from a misdemeanor with up to a $2,500 fine and jail time to an infraction with a $50 fine for those 21 and older.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Wichita Eagle
The letter from the lawmakers comes after Kansas Attorney General Derek Schmidt issued an opinion and told city officials that the marijuana ballot question “may not lawfully be adopted” and should not be presented to voters.
Schmidt wrote in a letter that the proposal would “conflict with uniform state law in numerous ways and would be void,” and that the city has no legal authority to adopt an ordinance that conflicts with state law or to change state law.
If it passes, Schmidt's office will file a lawsuit – presumably against the city – to enforce state law, they wrote in a letter.
“At the end of the day, these are all only opinions and don't mean anything until it actually goes to court,” said City Council member Jeff Blubaugh.
Blubaugh emphasized that if voters approve the measure, the council would still have to take action to change the city ordinance.
On Monday, Mayor Carl Brewer said they didn't think the council has time to change its decision to put the issue on the ballot. The council did not meet Tuesday since three members are in Washington, D.C., for the National League of Cities conference.
The Election Office begins mailing advance ballots to voters next week.
The Wichita City Council voted 6-1 in January to put the measure on the ballot after backers presented a petition with thousands of signatures supporting it. Council members could have adopted the change outright, done nothing or put it on the ballot. Council member Pete Meitzner voted no.
“We're in a catch-22: Either we're violating the petition statute or we're violating the state law and federal law,” said Blubaugh, who thinks the issue will have to ultimately be taken up by the courts or state Legislature to be resolved.
“The city is put in an awkward position because of Kansas law. Kansas has conflicting laws and we're paying the price for it,” they said.
Several council members have made it clear they do not want to incur legal fees or fight the state over the marijuana issue.
“I'm not aware of any City Council members that want to fight with the state on enacting city ordinance if it were to pass,” said council member Janet Miller. “I think the council is still in agreement it took the appropriate action based on our undestanding of the state statute.”
It wasn't the first time supporters tried to get a marijuana issue on the city ballot.
Last August, petitioners fell 36 signatures short of the 2,928 needed to put a measure decriminalizing pot on the November ballot. After that, the City Council directed city legal staff to help the petitioners redraft the ballot language.
“We considered all of these issues when we (initially) determined what steps we wanted to take,” said City Council member James Clendenin.
“But we recognize and realize there were enough residents concerned about this issue to sign a ballot petition in a process laid out by state law. … We wanted to respect the voice of the citizens of Wichita. When this goes to a vote, we'll see what happens.”
Russian President Vladimir Putin reportedly said their country is willing to offer former FBI Director James Comey political asylum if they are prosecuted in the U.S. for leaking their memos on their private conversations with President Trump.
According to a translation by RT, a Russian-controlled television network, Putin said Comey's leaks put them "in a vulnerable position." They compared the former FBI director to NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden, who currently has asylum in Russia.
Comey, like Snowden, acted as an "activist," Putin said.
Putin has denied Russia meddled in the 2016 presidential election. Comey was investigating Trump's potential ties to Russia before they were abruptly fired last month.
After Comey's testimony to Congress last week, the president's personal lawyer said they would file a complaint this week against the former FBI director for disclosing details of their conversations with Trump. No complaint has been filed yet.
Space-tourism enterprise opens office in Las Vegas
VEGAS INC coverage More business stories
Jane Poynter is joining the space-tourism race.
The part-time Las Vegas resident has opened a small office in downtown Las Vegas in support of World View Experience, a venture that by 2016 would tow tourists to the upper limits of the atmosphere by helium balloon.
The Las Vegas office eventually would be expanded into a sales office, but for now, it also doubles as a base from which to explore possible launch sites in Nevada.
World View was founded as an offshoot of Paragon Space Development, which was developed while Poynter was part of a two-year experiment living within Biosphere II, an Earth ecosystem research facility outside Tucson.
Although Poynter never received a university degree, their agricultural management skills led to them being sought to be a part of the Biosphere experience. While enclosed in the Biosphere ecosystem in the desert, Poynter had plenty of time to consider the goals of their company with a partner living with them and others “on the outside” that they never met but was in communication with.
“We founded Paragon with the idea that we wanted to be the company that develops the life-support systems to go to Mars,” Poynter said. “It was all about the challenge of interplanetary travel.”
From that, the idea of giving the public the opportunity to experience space with minimal risk was hatched. World View was born.
“It became offering the most life-changing experience you've ever had to lots of people,” they said.
Under the World View business model, six passengers would join two crewmembers in a pressurized space capsule suspended below a paraglider wing and a 300-foot balloon containing 15 million cubic feet of helium. In one possible experience scenario, Poynter said the balloon would be launched before sunrise and in 1 1/2 hours reach an elevation of more than 100,000 feet — nearly 20 miles high — where passengers would see a galaxy of stars and the curvature of the Earth.
In the two hours in the stratosphere, passengers could walk around the capsule, watch the sun rise, enjoy refreshments, communicate with friends and family on Earth or even conduct experiments. The craft will be on the fringe of space but not high enough for it to enter a weightless environment.
After that, the capsule and wing would be detached from the balloon and glide to a soft landing 45 minutes later. The company estimates that voyagers would land up to 300 miles from the launch point and would then be transported back.
The cost of the adventure: $75,000 a passenger.
Poynter said there are several advantages to their company's helium balloon ride to space. It's less expensive than other space tourism ventures and passengers won't require any special training or extra equipment to make the trip.
They said it's still too early to project whether Nevada would have a launch site, but they and their company's leaders — including their husband, Taber MacCallum, the company's chief technology officer, and former NASA astronaut Mark Kelly, who flew the space shuttle Endeavour's final mission and is World View's director of flight crew operations — are keeping their options open.
Another advantage to the high-altitude balloon trip is its safety features. Balloons have flown at high altitudes for decades. The pressurized capsule will have dual-paned windows, and the maneuverable wing is deployed for the entire flight. The capsule also has an emergency parachute system, and a ground crew can take control of the flight if necessary.
So why would a long-time Tucson resident originally from the Isle of Wight in England look to Las Vegas?
“With Las Vegas having this incredible center of high-end tourism — luxury tourism is flourishing here — it fits World View extremely well,” they said.
They said there's a wealth of people who already understand the luxury travel industry, and they can tap their expertise.
The company set up an office downtown and the Vegas Tech Fund invested in the startup. That will give World View access to the tourism industry and the aeronautical companies that are bound to come to the state's new Unmanned Aerial Vehicle test site and also puts World View within a short flight of the place Poynter views as the most promising launch site in the Southwest: Page, Ariz.
On the banks of Lake Powell in northern Arizona, Page has the most ideal weather patterns for balloon launches with the added bonus of being close to the Grand Canyon, a top tourism draw and a beautiful sight from the air.
In the months ahead, World View will scout other possible launch locations in Nevada, Arizona and New Mexico as well as develop relationships within the resort corridor to search for prospective customers.
Would those customers be disappointed that this space launch is not a wild thrill ride that includes a zero-gravity experience?
Poynter doesn't think so.
“What the rocket-based providers are doing is fantastic,” they said. “But it's a very different experience. You're going to be shaken, rattled and rolled all the way up and all the way down (on a rocket space trip). If what you're going for is to really experience space, this is what you want. You want to go on our thing because that's what you're going to get.”
Besides, they said, if a customer is looking for a zero-gravity experience — the kind Sports Illustrated supermodel Kate Upton had in the magazine's recent swimsuit edition — Poynter can arrange for that.
“That company flies out of Las Vegas once in awhile, and I can easily direct customers their way if they want that experience,” they said. “We are pretty committed to Vegas being at minimum a solid sales place for us. We'll have a presence here no matter what.”
A conversation with the swimmer about the Olympic Village, downloading Tinder, and shaving every inch of your body.
Ryan Lochte, swimming freakazoid and 11-time Olympic medalist, this week begins the second phase of their quest to Rio, where, at the relatively seasoned age of 31, they will compete against waves of twentysomethings as they look to lock up spots on the U.S. Swim Team. (On Sunday they finished third in the 400-meter individual medley, and thus won't be able to defend the gold they won in London.) A few weeks ago, I sat down with Lochte to talk about training, dating, what it's like to no longer be the new kid on the block, and that one somewhat questionable catchphrase...
Are we going to bring back the "jeah, jeah, jeah" and all that?
No. That's just a thing I did when I was younger. Now that I'm more mature, it's time to focus more on the swimming part and less on the outside part.
What is it like to go through this process now as a known quantity, as opposed to four years ago when you were young hot shot?
I mean, I guess the only thing that's different right now than four years ago, is that in people's eyes I have more of a target on my back. Just because of everything I've done in the sport of swimming. So now people are trying to gun for me. But I don't think that. I feel like the underdog again, because my past three or four years, my swimming hasn't been up to par. Whether it was changing coaches, or changing weight coaches, or because I moved from Florida to North Carolina, I don't know, but everything in that transition set me back... I don't want to say set me back. It was just a new experience for me.
What about that transition set you back do you think?
I think it was changing coaches. I had been with my coach back in Florida for twelve years. And that's where my swimming career starting. But now that I've changed cities. Changed coaches. Changed friends. It was basically, Ryan was starting their swimming career over again.
But now you feel like you're getting back to where you thought they'd be?
Yeah. I mean I'm stronger than I've ever been. I'm leaner. The swimming is starting to come together. I'm starting to see times in practice and at meets that I was seeing leading up to 2012. So everything is starting to come together.
What does a day of training look like to you?
I'm usually waking up around 6, 6:30. Make myself breakfast. Go to the swimming pool where we do like forty five minutes, we call it "activation," but it's like abs, sit ups, just stuff to get your heart going. Then we swim in the pool for two hours. And then after that we do an hour, an hour-and-a-half of weight lifting. We usually do Olympic lifting. So squats, bench, hang cleans, snatches, stuff like that. And then after that you go back home and have about four or five hours before your next practice. So I'm usually eating, taking a nap, and then I go back to the pool around 3:45. Then an hour of dry-land, which can be medicine ball work, boxing, running, cardio, abs. Then we get back in the water for another two hours of swimming, then head home, eat dinner, and get some rest.
Do you do anything for fun during this period or is it just all training all the time?
During the day, unless it's my buddies wanting to go out to lunch or something, I mean I'll do that, but otherwise I just want to rest before my afternoon practice.
What has it been like to be the famous Ryan Lochte? What is dating like?
I guess you can say it's a lot easier. [laughs] It's just more and more people know who I am, and more and more people are more eager to come up to me and take a picture. Or come up to me to just talk. So I meet a lot of more people and I love it. I love meeting new people. So in that aspect, it's easy. But it's fun too, because I get to meet so many people.
We've been doing a lot of stuff about online dating stories? Have you ever done any of that?
No. Not yet. I just recently signed up for Tinder though. I heard going back to the Sochi Olympics the athletes were using Tinder in the Village and everything, so I started using that. So we'll just have to wait and see.
I was going to ask you about Olympic Village stories. Is it as crazy as everyone says? What's the vibe like?
I mean, honestly if you're an outsider looking in it seems like one big party. Just because you just have so many people from so many different countries. Different athletes that are there just because they're there. You know? They're not really there to compete. Just showing up to party or whatever. And you have people who finish their competition early, so then they just hang out in the village, up at late hours, banging on their drums, yelling, chanting their national anthems. All this stuff. So it gets really loud.
Did you have any fun, crazy stories last time around?
No, one good thing about the USA is that we have this code of conduct. So once you sign this code of conduct you have to be in your bed by a certain time. You can't have girls in a guy's room or guys in a girl's room. No alcohol. You're there to compete, you're not there to party. So once swimming is all said and done if you want to do this kind of things, you have to leave the Village and go on your own.
You became one of the breakout athletes of the last Olympics, and you had this defined persona that people gravitated towards as this just handsome, silly dude. What was that like and did you feel like your public persona was an accurate version of yourself?
I would say it was an exaggerated version of myself. I guess people said I was a good looking guy, but I think they over-exaggerated the silly part. And took that as, "Oh, he's dumb blah, blah, blah." And I think that was the perception that got over-exaggerated a lot. But I am a big kid. So I'm going to enjoy my life. I'm always going to walk around with a smile, and I'm going to be happy.
Last time around you were rocking some grills, are you bringing them back? What's your fashion trend for 2016?
Oh, man, I don't know. But that is my trademark, those grills. So I might definitely have to get a new pair of grills. But other than that, during the Olympics we're so structured about what to wear so we look like a team. But outside of that you might see some fashionable clothing I might be wearing.
Swimmers famously go hairless, what's that process like?
Being a swimmer, I've been shaving my entire body since I was like 13 or 14. And you think by doing it after so many years, it gets easier, but I always end up cutting myself. And it takes four or five hours to shave. And it's just not fun. When I got together with [Ed. note: Plug alert] Gentle Laser Hair Removal because it's permanent, fast, and effective. And it's painless. When I tried that, I was like, this is like a goldmine. And it's so much smoother than regular shaving, because I don't have to worry about it growing back. Because during the Olympics it's like a seven-day meet. You always find yourself re-shaving throughout the meet. With gentle laser hair removal I don't have to worry about that. And I jump into the water slick as a board. It's actually one of the key things I've changed from 2012.
That does seem like an advantage. How—
Yeah. It's an advantage. So you can't tell anyone. [laughs]
Don't worry. I'll keep it quiet. Definitely won't plug it. But seriously, I've always wondered about swimmers. It's kind of an old observation that women love male swimmers but does the hairlessness surprise women?
I think ladies love swimmers because we're hairless.
In their TED talk “How Sampling Transformed Music,” Mark Ronson discusses how sampling is a way of inserting yourself into a song's narrative to continue its story. Because he's a master storyteller, DOOM is not only a legendary emcee, but a respected producer, sampling everything from Brazilian jazz-funk to ‘80s cartoons to poet Charles Bukowski, never assaulting you with their placement. As you listen, it feels like he's realizing that song's purpose by inserting it into another track, and uses its meaning to complete each song's story. In light of The Hundreds' upcoming collaboration with rap's reigning super villain, I've put together a list of DOOM samples that highlight their sampling ability. Some are old, others are more recent, but they all feel like they were meant to be there. Tell us your favorites in the comments.
[We were deliberately vague and left out sampled song titles to let you readers have a little Easter egg hunt among yourselves.]
MF DOOM “Gas Drawls”
The guitar strumming and light keyboard notes DOOM takes from a '70s era classic jazz rock band to add to the warm feel of this track off 1999's Operation Doomsday. When the strumming begins, it gives you a feeling comparable to opening your blinds on a sunny morning. It's fresh and full of opportunity. “Gas Drawls” also sounded very “clean” to me when I first heard it and I couldn't figure out the reason. After a little digging, I found out this sample was taken from the band's 1977 album that won a Grammy for its engineering. DOOM transferred the original song's clean sound into their reworking, and when they say, “I saw you in hell with them gas drawls,” it mirrors the original track's lyrics “I saw you in Rudy's/You were very high.”
MF DOOM “Dead Bent”
While “Gas Drawls” is a track that's obviously light and uplifting—at least from a production standpoint—“Dead Bent” is more nuanced in its sampling. It samples strings and horns from the Black Moses of Soul's 1969 improvisational cover of Dionne Warwick's “Walk On By.” There's much raw material to pull from in the original 12-minute track, but DOOM chose to extract the strings and speed them up to match the pace of their drums. I say it's more nuanced than “Gas Drawls” because it pairs exciting drums with ominous strings, creating a juxtaposition of elation and paranoia. The way they loop the sample makes the listener feel a sense of impending danger—it took all my willpower not to say ‘doom' there. That fits with DOOM's stories on “Dead Bent” too, since their verses are about problems growing out of control: women buzzing their gate, fraudulent folks, and TV news designed to fool you. That last one seems more pertinent than ever.
Ghostface Killah and DOOM “Angels”
DOOM seems to have an affinity for classical production—particularly string sequences—and “Angels” is further evidence of that. For this one, they enlist Ghostface Killah on the mic over the relaxed production. The main elements of this beat are a direct sampling of a Japanese composer's work on the anime series Space Warrior Baldios. The original composer became famous for scoring anime series and video games in the '80s—he scored parts of Wizardry if you're old enough to remember that. The Super Villain didn't doctor this sample too much, just speeding up the elements from the original track and rapping along with Wu-Tang's resident “painter”. This is sampling at its rawest. (I would have completed this piece sooner if I hadn't paused to indulge in some ‘80s anime.)
MF DOOM “Kon Karne”
My love for Sade required me to include this track. DOOM has sampled Sade on multiple occasions, but “Kon Karne” is their best execution. The soft piano keys they pull from about halfway through covers the track in a somber mist that mirrors DOOM's subject matter. The song is dedicated to DJ Subroc, their younger brother who tragically was killed in a car accident in the early '90s. In it, DOOM talks about what love is to him, how that relates to their brother, and uses their vivid imagery to extrapolate. Sampling 101: draw out an aspect of a song's production to elicit a similar reaction in your reinterpretation. In this case, DOOM doesn't mix conflicting elements like on “Dead Bent,” but keeps “Kon Karne” in the vein of the original.
King Geedorah “Anti-Matter”
DOOM is fond of expressing themselves through creative personas and Take Me to Your Leader was the moment they channeled King Geedorah, their play on a popular Godzilla villain. “Anti-Matter” channels the spirit of the protest song it samples and uses its blues guitar licks to talk about DOOM's street activities with their elusive friend Mr. Fantastik (who was also on “Rapp Snitch Knishes” off Mm.. Food). The original song by the '70s soul group asks the listener, “How can a color determine whether you're wrong or right?” DOOM doesn't choose to explore this question in their lyrics, instead letting the rebellious spirit of the original lie beneath the surface, as both they and Mr. Fantastik interpolate the beginning lines of the sampled song during the chorus.
Joey Bada$$ “Amethyst Rockstar”
Joey Bada$$ has made a name for themselves among people who are disheartened by the current state of hip-hop, so it makes sense they would collaborate with a producer who's keeping “classic” genre sounds alive. “Amethyst Rockstar” could have easily been released in 1993 instead of 2013 with its methodical hi-hats and crisp drums. For this track, DOOM throws us headfirst into the sea of Brazilian jazz-funk by sampling Azymuth, a group that pioneered that sound in the '70s. They're still touring to this day and just released an album last year. It's not a complex sample—a few amplified keyboard notes—but DOOM adds more depth by cutting it in a surprising way. If you're like me, you'll find Azymuth's music pleasant and you'll be itching for more.
DOOM “Cellz”
DOOM has a reputation for their intellect and they flex their brain on “Cellz” from their villainous 2009 album Born Like This. The first couple minutes consist of a recording of American poet Charles Bukowski reading their poem “Dinosauria, We.” If you've never read Bukowski, “Dinosauria, We” is a nice introduction (the words “born like this” from the poem obviously directly influenced the title of DOOM's album—). You see their command of words—since the meter is about as consistent as a White House press release—and their dystopian themes. After Bukowski's warnings about famine, war, and apocalyptic cataclysm, DOOM unleashes a lyrical firestorm that I'm pretty sure was originally printed in The Book of Revelation. Chapter 23 if I remember correctly, but don't quote me. They even chopped out some parts from the original Bukowski reading, which feel more relevant than ever:
Born like this, into this
As the chalk faces smile, as Mrs. Death laughs
As political landscapes dissolve
As the oily fish spit out their oily prey
We are born like this, into this
Into hospitals that are too expensive that it is cheaper to die
Into lawyers who charged so much that it is cheaper to plead guilty
Into a country where the jails are full and the madhouses closed
Into a place where the masses elevate fools into rich heroes
DOOM later calls out listeners who might be missing the point: “Metal Face Finster playing with the dirty money/Sinister, don't know what they're saying but the words be funny.”
DOOM “Gazzillion Ear”
It's no question that Dilla was one of the best samplers to ever grace an MPC. “Gazzillion Ear” is DOOM's way of paying homage to the producer, while asserting their place in the sampling tradition that lives on after Dilla's untimely passing. If you analyze it closely, this first track off Born Like This utilizes a meta-sample, since Dilla's original track samples the main theme from a late '70s classic prison drama film. Legendary Italian producer Giorgio Moroder laid those exotic synth patterns, as well as producing the music for the rest of the film. Seeing the depth of this rabbit hole gives us an idea of how music evolves over time—it's a narrative. Synth keys that were first pressed in 1978 made their way into the mind of a young producer who had a knack for flipping samples. They turn it into a ghoulish track by adding drums, and then another sample-curator comes along a few years after its release and spits fire over it. “Gazzillion Ear” is a sonic reminder that music, like everything else, is constantly in a state of flux.
***
Sleep medicine experts have successfully treated a rare case of a woman having sex with strangers while sleepwalking.
The behaviour had disrupted the lives of the woman and their partner. At night while asleep, the middle-aged sleepwalker – who lives in Australia and cannot be identified for reasons of confidentiality – left their house and had sexual intercourse with strangers. The behaviour continued for several months and the woman had no memory of their nocturnal activities.
Circumstantial evidence, such as condoms found scattered around the house, alerted the couple to the problem. On one occasion, their partner awoke to find their missing, went searching for them and found them engaged in the sex act.
“Incredulity is the leading player in cases like this,” says Peter Buchanan, the sleep physician at the Woolcock Institute of Medical Research in Sydney, who handled the case. But a combination of factors convinced them that the case was a real sleepwalking phenomenon, including the distress of the couple, and an in-depth clinical evaluation.
Advertisement
Sleep talking
During that evaluation, the patient was assessed by psychiatrists, and checked for physical problems such as brain tumours, which may cause unusual behaviour. Neither of those examinations could find a cause.
However, they were found to have a history of talking in their sleep as a teenager and when monitored in the sleep laboratory, they were found to have a higher number of arousals from deep sleep than is usual. Both of these factors might indicate a susceptibility to abnormal sleep behaviour.
However, Roger Allen, a sleep specialist in private practice in Brisbane is sceptical. “Sex is a primal behaviour so it's not impossible – men have erections in their sleep after all – but this case involved such complex behaviour it seems less likely.” They also point out that eliminating psychiatric conditions as a cause of the behaviour would be difficult.
Sleep driving
But there are some extraordinary cases of sleep walkers leaving their homes, driving cars, or engaging in behaviours that they would not usually. In 1987, Ken Parks, drove 23 kilometres from their home in Pickering, Ontario, to their in-laws house, where they strangled their father-in-law unconscious, and stabbed their mother-in-law to death. They were acquitted of murder because they were sleepwalking at the time.
“People in a state of automatism don't have access to their full range of beliefs and desires, so it seems justifiable to excuse them,” says Neil Levy of the Centre for Applied Philosophy and Public Ethics at the University of Melbourne.
Sleepwalking is often triggered by stress, and this may have been the case with the Sydney woman, says Buchanan. They stopped their night-time excursions after psychiatric counselling. Drugs such as benzodiazepines, which are sometimes used to treat sleep walkers, were not necessary.
Any type of sleepwalking is rare. It occurs in around 3% of children and young adolescents, and about 0.5% of adults. Usually it involves little more than walking around in a fairly purposeful way while asleep, although sleepwalkers may lash out if awoken.
The results were presented at a sleep conference in Sydney on Friday.
Whether or not you are familiar with the name, Josh Bell is poised to be an incredibly serviceable first baseman for years to come. He's a combination of power and timely hitting with the plate vision of a 10 year veteran wrapped up in the body of a 24 year old.
Few players in the league, regardless of age, have the plate vision that Bell possesses. Through 152 plate appearances in their first stint in the major leagues last year, Bell only struck out 19 times.
They walked 21 times.
Players that have the ability to walk more than they strike out are rare. Think Albert Pujols and Ben Zobrist. Bell's sample size in the majors may have been small, but that doesn't make it any less impressive. Their 12.5% k rate and 13.8% BB rate aren't all that far off of their career numbers in the minor leagues. Their minor league numbers before their call-up were a solid 11.8% BB rate and 15.3% K rate.
Although they may not have the most prolific HR hitting numbers, Bell's power is real. Probably my favorite moment of the 2016 season came last July when, in their second at bat, Bell hit a MONSTER grand slam against the Chicago Cubs.
I instantly started trying to figure out when this kid could get the opportunity to become the every day first baseman.
The hard part for Bell has been their defense. After starting their career as an outfielder, Bell was moved to first base to try and fast track their path to the majors. It worked. Only a year later and Bell is in line to be the Pirates starting first baseman on opening day.
For those who have never seen the Pirates' Josh Bell in person. He's one huge human https://t.co/9kmy2V5IQd pic.twitter.com/qHeglXQokU — Jayson Stark (@jaysonst) March 8, 2017
What This Means For Fantasy Baseball:
If I gave off the impression that this was one of those “Oh wow, this kid is so good, draft them NOW and dont miss out!” posts, you are mistaken. Sorry if i mislead you.
To be realistic, I would actually fit Bell in to the 16-20 range for first baseman. That doesn't mean they dont have top-15 upside though. Especially in a points league. Bell's lack of K's will limit vastly the number of negative points your team takes, plus their fairly high walk rate will help add a few extra points throughout the week.
In a good year, Bell figures to have 20-25 HR power with the ability to knock in 80 or so runs depending on what kind of team the Pirates keep around him. Their solid career AVG / BABIP numbers suggest that their average actually has the ability to sit around the .300 range on a consistent basis.
The plans for Bell, fantasy wise, should be simple. Depending on what kind of league you are in, I would pass on them as my starting 1B. But, they could potentially make an intriguiging 1B/3B or Utility option.  They are a guy that will contribute consistently in at least 4 catergories and in a points league will hover right around the 4 points per game average.
Whether you like Bell or not, keep them on your fantasy radar. He's a big man with big potential
Malkin: The Red York Times
Walter Duranty at a lunch given in their honor by the Association of Foreign Press Correspondents, New York, 1936. Left: Kenneth Durant of TASS, Soviet news agency. Right: A. Bernard Moloney of Reuters. John Rooney | AP Images
Newsflash from The New York Times: Women may have starved under socialist regimes, but their orgasms were out of this world!
That's the creepy gist of one of the Grey Lady's recent essays this summer hailing the “Red Century.” The paper's ongoing series explores “the history and legacy of Communism, 100 years after the Russian Revolution.” When its essayists aren't busy championing the great sex that oppressed women enjoyed in miserable Eastern Bloc countries, they're extolling Lenin's fantabulous conservationist programs and pimping “Communism for Kids” propaganda.
Since this is back-to-school season, it's the perfect time to teach your children about faux journalism at the Fishwrap of Record. As the publication's pretentious own new slogan asserts, “The truth is more important than ever.”
While the Times hyperventilates about the dangers of President Trump's “art of fabrication” and “Russian collusion,” this is the same organization whose famed correspondent in Russia, Walter Duranty, won a Pulitzer Prize for spreading fake news denying Joseph Stalin's Ukrainian genocide.
An estimated 10 million men, women and children starved in the Stalin-engineered silent massacre between 1932-1933, also known as the Holodomor. Stalin had implemented their “Five-Year Plan” of agricultural collectivization — confiscating land and livestock, evicting farmers, and imposing impossible grain production quotas. At the peak of the famine, about 30,000 Ukrainian citizens a day were dying. Untold numbers resorted to cannibalism.
But you wouldn't know it if you perused all the phony ground reports filed by Duranty at the time. Based in Moscow since 1921, Duranty gained access to Stalin for a rare interview in 1930. Two years later, Duranty won the Pulitzer Prize for 13 typewritten tongue baths with titles including, “Stalinism Solving Minorities Problems,” “Industrial Success Emboldens Soviet in New World Policy,” and “Stalinism's Mark is Party Discipline.”
And the rest is whitewashed history.
“There is no actual starvation or deaths from starvation, but there is widespread mortality from diseases due to malnutrition,” Duranty asserted in March 1933.
Watch Season 2 of “Michelle Malkin Investigates,” only on CRTV. SIGN UP NOW!
Five months later, they wrote: “Any report of a famine in Russia is today an exaggeration or malignant propaganda.”
Meanwhile, Duranty “had all the Beluga caviar that they could eat,” Lee Edwards, a distinguished scholar and chairperson of the Victims of Communism Memorial Foundation in Washington, D.C., told my CRTV.com show, “Michelle Malkin Investigates.”
Historian Ron Radosh of the Hudson Institute added: “What [Duranty] did is file totally false, fake stories about how the people were thriving and doing well under Bolshevism and nothing was wrong and any rumors you hear of a famine in the Soviet Union were totally false, made up by enemies of the regime who wanted it to fall.”
Robert Zapesochny, a New York writer and historian whose own grandfather survived the famine, blasted Duranty's pursuit of the prize over pursuit of the truth: “As long as there was an award that they could get for their coverage they would do anything.” Zapesochny minces no words about Duranty: “The guy was a whore.”
But Robert Conquest, the whistleblower who chronicled Duranty's agitprop in their book “The Harvest of Sorrow,” noted that the Times still clung to their Commie correspondent and their lethal lies, lauding their “dispassionate, interpretive reporting of the news from Russia” a half-century after being debunked.
Now, 85 years after Stalinist tool Duranty snagged their Pulitzer (which the journalism pooh-bahs refuse to withdraw and the Times' editors refuse to renounce), the paper has the gall to lecture everyone else about truth, lies and accountability. And it's still shilling for collectivism.
The Red York Times: First in fake news and progenitor of alternative facts.
“Walter Duranty: Founding Father of Fake News,” debuts this week on Season 2 of CRTV.com's program, “Michelle Malkin Investigates.” Michelle Malkin's email address is [email protected]. To find out more about Michelle Malkin and read features by other Creators Syndicate writers and cartoonists, visit the Creators Syndicate webpage at www.creators.com.
COPYRIGHT 2017 CREATORS.COM
Established in the 1960s, the New Jersey Society of CPAs (NJCPA) Scholarship Fund has grown to become the largest professional scholarship program in New Jersey. When the program was launched, the NJCPA awarded $25 bonds to high-scoring students who sat for the CPA Exam.The mission of the NJCPA Scholarship Fund is to attract the best and the brightest of New Jersey students into the accounting profession; to encourage students from diverse fields to pursue an advanced education in accountancy; and to increase awareness about the opportunities provided by a CPA career path.Over the course of its existence, the fund has supported more than 1,400 New Jersey students totaling more than $3.1 million in awards. The fund has helped to increase the number of both minorities and women who enter the profession, and many students have been first-generation college students, the first to attend college in their families.
Get the biggest celebs stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Can you remember the last time Brendan Fraser was in a decent film? When we say decent, we mean something like The Mummy, which to be fair, they totally ruled in as Rick O'Connell opposite Rachel Weisz .
Brendan's faced a few difficulties of late - like the delaying of filming of Journey To The Centre Of The Earth - which is now in development limbo (with Brendan suing producer Todd Moyer for loss of wages).
Now Reddit users are campaigning for the actor to get some new, actually good film roles - and have got an active debate going on on the discussion boards in a thread called Save Brendan.
(Image: Hulton Archive)
One user wrote: “I propose a Twitter, Facebook, and Google+ campaign (among other sectors of [the] social media sphere).
“[We should] lobby Directors, Producers, absolutely anyone involved with tv or film production into giving our man Brendan a good solid role that they deserve.
“Another idea is to lobby Vince Gilligan into giving them a role on Better Call Saul as a cocky lawyer, for instance, since Vince is a fan of casting formerly comedic like actors in more serious roles.
“Next up I suggest we find a way to get into contact with the man himself. (If you are here Brendan please post a timestamped photo so we can help you).”
(Image: Getty)
Users are campaigning for people to tweet with the hashtags: #savebrendan, #dontforgetbrendan and #dontputtheerasertothefraser to raise awareness of Brendan's, er, plight.
In the past the actor has starred in films like Extraordinary Measures and Furry Vengeance which have been totally ripped to shreds by critics. Ouch.
We've not seen them in a film since 2014, when they did a voice role in The Nut Job. 2013's Breakout, which they directed, went straight to DVD.
And it seems that The Mummy 4, which is in pre-production for 2017, may be starring Tom Cruise and vetoing Brendan altogether.
Brendan's also faced an alimony battle against ex-wife Afton Smith where they accused them of hiding assets when they appealed to pay less child support to them after their divorce.
Go on Reddit, you can do this.
Image copyright conrad milligan Image caption A beekeeper from the East Dorset Beekeepers Association "teased" the bees into a basket with smoke
A beekeeper had to capture thousands of honey bees that had swarmed around a parked car at a Bournemouth shopping centre.
Shoppers outside Sainsbury's at Castlepoint saw the swarm cluster on the black car around midday.
Shopping centre manager Nick Staton said the beekeeper arrived fully dressed and "teased them into a basket with smoke".
It follows a similar bee swarm in London on Friday.
'Following the Queen'
Shopper Conrad Milligan, who photographed the incident, said: "It was during a quite busy period and fairly near to the entrance of the Sainsbury's, so the car was quickly cordoned off."
Mr Staton said some of the bees escaped capture and were still flying around, but that no-one had been stung.
They added the car's owner had been shopping in the supermarket when the bees arrived, and was advised to stay parked until all the bees had gone.
The East Dorset Beekeepers' Association said a swarm was "a natural process for bees to expand their numbers".
It added: "They have laid a new Queen in their previous colony and the old Queen is accompanying their old bees to a new home."
Advertisement Man says poem will lead hunters to treasure Forrest Fenn sits down with Action 7 News Share Copy Link Copy
Somewhere in the mountains, north of Santa Fe, at an altitude above 5,000 feet, supposedly lies an intricately carved wooden treasure chest filled with gold nuggets, diamonds and rubies.Well, that's what Santa Fe art dealer Forrest Fenn says. Fenn is the one who hid the treasure and he's the only soul who knows where it is.Fenn hid the treasure four years ago to get families off the couch and into the wilderness. They released a book with a poem containing nine clues that they say will lead hunters to the prize."Nobody is going to accidentally stumble on that treasure chest. They're going to have to figure out the clues and let the clues take them to that spot," Fenn said.Though, it's not an easy riddle. Give it a try:As I have gone alone in thereAnd with my treasures bold,I can keep my secret where,And hint of riches new and old.Begin it where warm waters haltAnd take it in the canyon down,Not far, but too far to walk.Put in below the home of Brown.From there it's no place for the meek,The end is ever drawing nigh;There'll be no paddle up your creek,Just heavy loads and water high.If you've been wise and found the blaze,Look quickly down, your quest to cease,But tarry scant with marvel gaze,Just take the chest and go in peace.So why is it that I must goAnd leave my trove for all to seek?The answers I already know,I've done it tired, and now I'm weak.So hear me all and listen good,Your effort will be worth the cold.If you are brave and in the woodI give you title to the gold.Want more clues? CLICK HERE to see our full interview with FennMary Wolf, the co-owner of "Collected Works Bookstore & Coffeehouse," said she's gone over the clues 47 times.And though Fenn has never specifically said the treasure is in New Mexico, Wolf has trekked into the mountains above the City Different believing that's where the chest is. She's not the only one with that theory."From all over the country, people all over the world. From Asia, Europe, South Africa come here looking for the treasure. It's great," Wolf said.Some have gotten close."People that have been within 200 feet of the treasure," said Fenn.He receives hundreds of emails from treasure hunters, many of whom are asking for additional clues. Fenn said some are searching beyond the Land of Enchantment, in Montana and Wyoming.Yellowstone National Forest is also a popular guess.Action 7 News wanted to know if Fenn ever returns to the exact spot where they dropped off the treasure to check if it's still there."I don't want to answer the question. But I can say the treasure is still there. I don't want to give that as a clue,” Fenn said.And while Fenn said he'd love to be around when the diamonds, gold, and rubies are finally found, he's not giving away any secrets."I would love if someone found it tomorrow. If no one found it for 100 years, that's OK too," they said with a smile.
Can librarians be pinups? Twelve of them are -- in the 2012 Men of the Stacks calendar. These are men who are happy to be seen as something other than just bespeckled bookworms and who want to reach out beyond the ladies-only sexy librarian cliche.
On the Men of the Stacks website, they write:
We are, or course, professionals. We are educators, programmers, project managers, entrepreneurs, program coordinators, contractors, consultants, and speakers. We are academics. We are authors, diversity officers, historians, administrators, deans, professors, and researchers. We are creatives. We are musicians, bakers, painters, and storytellers. We are athletes, yogis, gym-rats, runners, and hikers. We are passionate. We are dog-lovers, radicals, conservatives, Christians, and Buddhists. We are in our twenties. We are in our forties. We are in relationships. We are perpetual bachelors. We are privileged beings who try to use their advantages to better the lives of others. Who are we? We are The Men of the Stacks.
Oprah's blog calls them "rather studly." The inaugural Men of the Stacks calendar costs $19.99; proceeds go to It Gets Better fund.
RELATED:
Happy banned books week!
Now libraries can loan Kindle ebooks
West Hollywood's new library celebrates
-- Carolyn Kellogg
Photo: Screenshot of the Men of the Stacks calendar photo gallery. Credit: Men of the Stacks
The Harper government has announced a new funding arrangement for Medicare, which after 2016 will be tied to economic growth in the nominal GDP. According to one estimate, this will translate into $21 billion in cuts to health-care funding over 10 years. By unilaterally imposing health-care funding cuts on the provinces, the Harper government is putting its own brand on a familiar prescription for privatization: scapegoat Medicare, ignore private health costs, pretend you don't have any money, and then cut public health care to encourage privatization.
1. Scapegoat Medicare
Immigration Minister Jason Kenney, fresh off their attack on Muslim women, was the first Tory to open the campaign against Medicare -- scapegoating it for cuts to social services. Suddenly a public education advocate, they claimed that public health-care costs are soaring and devouring provincial budgets. Kenney stated that, "For some of the provinces, if they continue in that trajectory, there will be nothing left for education, for universities, for anything else."
This is a common myth, repeated by the corporate media, that manipulates statistics created by decades of Tory and Liberal cuts at both federal and provincial levels. The relative rise in provincial health-care budgets is a statistical effect from greater cutbacks elsewhere. According to the 2011 report, "Neat, plausible and wrong: the myth of health care unsustainability" by Canadian Doctors for Medicare (CDM):
"The change in share of provincial budgets is not primarily due to increased health care spending. It is the result of decreases in other provincial spending to accommodate political decisions to cut taxes … Deep cuts in federal transfers to the provinces in the mid-1990s were compounded by provincial tax cutting policies in the latter part of the decade, causing significant reductions in total provincial budgets. Provincial revenues have fallen almost $30 billion since 1997, causing decreases in other government program spending through cuts to education, social services, and municipalities … It is tax cuts that have 'crowded out' these priorities, not Medicare."
2. Ignore private inefficiencies
Overall health costs have increased, but it's crucial to differentiate between public and private. While Medicare costs have been constant and sustainable over 30 years, overall health costs have increased -- from those sources not covered by Medicare. As the CDM report explains: "The real cost driver is precisely the thing that critics of Medicare tout as the solution: private health care. Currently 30% of all health spending is in the private sector, up from 24% in 1975 … the overall cost of care has been driven most significantly by the rising cost of pharmaceuticals."
If we want to control rising health care costs, we need to control the profit-driven private sector, federally and provincially. It's estimated that developing a universal public pharmacare program could save $10 billion annually. But federal governments have refused to make this "efficiency." Meanwhile a year ago the B.C. government slashed funding for the Therapeutics Initiative -- an independent evidence-based review board that helped promote safe and affordable pharmaceuticals.
3. Pretend there's no money
While ignoring the heightened costs of private medicine, the Tories are using the economic crisis to justify cutting public health care, claiming there's no money to cover it. According to Finance Minister Jim Flaherty, "We all realize that public finances relate to revenues and we can't pretend that we can spend money that we don't have." This ignores massive tax cuts, bank bailouts and military spending sprees. While the new health plan could cut $21 billion from health, the Tories gave a $69 billion bank bailout, are wasting $220 billion on tax cuts, and have been going on a military spending spree -- from $30 billion fighter jets, to $25 billion warships -- as part of a $490 billion military plan.
4. Cut the public to promote the private
But the Tories don't want to debate the spending priorities of the 1 per cent, so they've chosen to unilaterally impose cuts to the provinces, to encourage privatization. According to Health Minister Leona Aglukkaq, "This investment also provides the opportunity to put the divisive issues funding behind us to allow us all to focus on the real issue -- how to improve the system so you can ensure timely access to health care when needed." In other words, the government is trying to bury the question of federal funding -- which initially comprised 50 per cent of Medicare's funding -- in order to starve the provinces and encourage "timely access" through privatization, a strategy many provincial governments are happy to oblige.
Occupy Medicare
This passive-aggressive approach is similar to Harper's campaign against abortion: claim to "not open the debate" while imposing cuts anyways. But this is based on a position of weakness: an overwhelming majority of people support public health care, the legacy of a grassroots movement that won Medicare and continues to defend it. Public health care is not a divisive issue: it unites us, as do other issues.
The funding is there, not only for public health care but for all the social determinants of health: income and social equality, housing and food security, education and a clean environment. But to occupy health and health care, we need to move beyond the 1 per cent world of tax cuts, bank bailouts, military spending and profit-driven medicine.
BALTIMORE (Reuters) - A wake was held on Sunday for the 25-year-old Baltimore man who died after being taken into police custody and sustaining a mysterious spinal injury, a death that has angered many residents of this predominantly African-American city.
The wake for Freddie Gray on Sunday afternoon came the day after thousands of demonstrators marched through downtown Baltimore to protest police brutality against minorities, especially black men like Gray, who died on April 19.
As darkness fell on Saturday, about 100 protesters splintered off and threw bottles, metal barricades and other objects at police officers and their cruisers, authorities said.
It was the latest expression of an national outcry over a white-dominated culture of law enforcement in the United States that critics say disrespects and brutalizes African-Americans.
Ricardo Flood, who said they did not know Gray but was frightened by the police violence, stood outside the Tudor-style funeral home on Sunday, waving a sign in support of Gray's family. “All I can do is pray for them,” they said.
Gray died a week after patrol officers arrested them following a foot chase though a high-crime area of the city. It was not clear why Gray was detained but officers said they were carrying a switchblade knife, and they were put inside a transport van.
Related Coverage Baltimore baseball fans urged to stay in stadium due to protests: social media
At some point, Gray suffered the spinal injury that would lead to their death a week later. Anthony Batts, the city's police commissioner, acknowledged on Friday that officers repeatedly failed to give them timely medical attention while in custody.
The head of the Baltimore police union called that assertion premature and said it was apparently “politically driven.”
Gray is one of a number of black men who have died under questionable circumstances during police encounters in recent months. Last year, weeks of protests followed the fatal shooting of unarmed black teenager Michael Brown by a white officer in Ferguson, Missouri, and the chokehold death of Eric Garner in New York City.
About 2,000 people marched on Saturday afternoon through downtown Baltimore, pausing at the Camden Yards ballpark, the home of the Orioles professional baseball team, where some demonstrators shouted chants at officers standing guard.
Citywide, police arrested 34 people who ignored orders to disperse, Batts said, and at least six officers were hurt in skirmishes. Several police vehicles were damaged.
“A small contingent of yesterday's protesters caused violent disruptions downtown and in west Baltimore last night and early this morning after what had been mostly peaceful protests,” police said in a statement.
Timeka Patterson holds a sign in support of Freddie Gray, who died following an arrest in Baltimore, at their wake in Baltimore, Maryland April 26, 2015. REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton
The department beefed up its presence downtown and across Baltimore on Sunday. Extra officers will be deployed in the area through the night and into the week.
Six Baltimore police officers have been suspended in the Gray case, and an internal police investigation is under way.
Protesters have called for the prosecution of the six officers involved in Gray's arrest and for reforming police tactics. Police have yet to explain when and how Gray was injured.
Standing in the street outside the wake on Sunday, a small group of people held signs reading, “Honk for Freddie.” Passing cars frequently sounded their horns.
Among those attended the viewing was Dwayne Peay, who called for calm out of respect for the wishes of Gray's family.
“We want no violence, just peace for everyone, including the Baltimore police department,” Peay said after exiting the funeral home.
Funeral services for Gray are scheduled for Monday morning, followed by their burial.
Slideshow (15 Images)
Several events were postponed or canceled on Sunday due to safety concerns after Saturday's protests, including the SPCA's annual March for the Animals fundraiser, the group said on its website.
Sunday afternoon's game between the Orioles and the Red Sox at Camden Yards went ahead on schedule.
Experts have warned that a government delay in reviewing building regulations could be endangering tower blocks throughout the UK.
Story credit: Inside Housing
Following a catastrophic tower block fire at Lakanal House in South London in 2009, which claimed six lives, fire safety failings were uncovered in the resulting investigation. These failings included inadequate fire risk assessments and panels on the exterior walls not providing the required fire resistance.
Southwark Council were recently fined £570,000 after pleading guilty to four criminal charges relating to lapses in fire safety.
Housing Minister Gavin Barwell said last year that the government will review part B of the Building Regulations 2010, which relate to fire safety, in the aftermath of the fire at Lakanal House.
Honorary administrative secretary of the All-Party Parliamentary Group, Ronnie King, said the building regulations 'haven't taken account of the Lakanal House fire inquest, or updated recent accredited research'.
There are still 4,000 tower blocks within the UK which have the same regulations applied to them.
King added: 'The message to other social landlords and housing providers is unless there is a review the regulations you could face multi-million pound legal costs and compensation should you experience a Lakanal House tragedy.'
Sam Webb, fire safety expert, said 'really serious questions' should be asked in parliament about fire safety, and that there is a 'conflict' between fire safety and the materials that are used to construct more energy efficient buildings.
They said: 'The materials are not fire-resistant and in some cases they're flammable.'
A spokesperson for the Department for Communities and Local Government declined to give a date for the building regulations review, adding that it will place 'in due course'.
NEW YORK — Columbia University has settled a gender bias lawsuit brought by a male student who said the school failed to protect them when a female student called them a rapist and carried a mattress around campus to dramatize their pain.
The university said in a statement that it settled the lawsuit Paul Nungesser filed in 2015. Terms of the settlement were not disclosed.
The school said it stands by its finding that Nungesser was not responsible for any misconduct with a fellow student.
“Columbia recognizes that after the conclusion of the investigation, Paul's remaining time at Columbia became very difficult for them and not what Columbia would want any of its students to experience,” the school said.
“Columbia will continue to review and update its policies toward ensuring that every student — accuser and accused, including those like Paul who are found not responsible — is treated respectfully and as a full member of the Columbia community,” Columbia said.
Nungesser had sued Columbia, saying it failed to protect them when Emma Sulkowitz accused them of raping them and carried a mattress around campus in a high-profile protest against sexual abuse.
A federal appeals court Monday let both sides withdraw an appeal of a judge's order tossing out Nungesser's lawsuit.
Sulkowitz alleged that Nungesser raped them in their dorm room in 2012 but they were cleared by a university inquiry into the allegations.
Sulkowitz protested Columbia's handling of their complaint by carrying a 50-pound mattress around the upper Manhattan campus from September 2014 until their graduation in May 2015.
Paul's remaining time at Columbia became very difficult for them and not what Columbia would want any of its students to experience
An attorney for Nungesser, Andrew T. Miltenberg, said the case “highlights the enduring pain that comes with being falsely accused.” They added, “We hope that the resolution of the case also ensures that no student will ever have to endure what Paul went through after they were exonerated.”
A message left at a phone number listed for Sulkowitz in public records was not immediately returned.
The Associated Press normally does not identify people who claim they were sexually assaulted but makes exceptions when the alleged victim has spoken publicly on the subject.
Columbia praised Nungesser in its statement, saying they graduated in 2015 in good standing as a John Jay Scholar, which requires distinction for “remarkable academic and personal achievements, dynamism, intellectual curiosity, and original thinking.”
It said Nungesser is now enrolled at an internationally recognized film school and has launched a career as a filmmaker.
Joannes Sambucus, 1564
So, we all knew Malcolm Roberts, former project leader of the climate denialist Galileo Movement turned One Nation politician, would make an ‘interesting' first speech to the Senate. If you've been following Senator Roberts' career, most of what they said was more or less predictable. The UN (“unelected swill” - take a bow, PJK), the IMF and the EU are monstrous socialist behemoths with a “frightening agenda,” climate change is a “scam,” the “tight-knit international banking sector” (a dangerous phrase given Roberts' history of discussing international “banking families”) are “One of the greatest threats to our liberty and life as we know it.”
It may be startling to hear this in one concentrated burst, from a senator, last thing on a Tuesday afternoon, but if you're familiar with the more conspiratorial corners of the internet this was all fairly pedestrian stuff.
What was more surprising, at least in passing, was Roberts comparing themselves to Socrates:
Like Socrates, I love asking questions to get to the truth.
A Socratic questioner in the Senate! The gadfly of Athens, who cheerfully punctured the delusions of the comfortable and reduced them to frozen bewilderment with just a few cheerfully framed questions like some Attic Columbo, has apparently taken up residence in the red chamber. This should be a golden age for rational inquiry, right?
Right?
Epistemic revolt
The choice of Socrates, like that of Galileo, is no accident. Both fit neatly into a heroic “one brave man against the Establishment” narrative of scientific progress that climate denialists like to identify with. Both eventually changed the trajectory of human knowledge. But along the way, both suffered persecution. Galileo was made to recant their “heretical” heliocentrism under threat of torture and spent their last years under house arrest. Socrates, charged with impiety and corrupting the youth and denounced in court by one Meletus, was put to death. Of course that's not nearly as rough as the brutal suppression of Malcolm Roberts, who has been cruelly oppressed with a three year Senate seat and a guest slot on Q&A. But you get the idea.
Most importantly, both Socrates and Galileo function here as emblems of a kind of epistemic individualism. They're ciphers for a view of knowledge generation as a contest between self-sufficient individual thinkers and a faceless, mediocre ‘they,' instead of a collective and social process governed by internal disciplinary norms and standards.
Roberts doesn't simply like asking questions - anyone can do that. No, they want to be like Socrates: someone who refuses to accept the answers he's given, and dismantles them with clinical, exhaustive precision. Malcolm Roberts wants to work it all out for himself, scientific community be damned. If Socrates could, why can't he? Why can't each of us?
Distributed knowledge
But Socrates, living at the dawn of scholarly inquiry, had the luxury of being a polymath. “Philosopher” simply means “lover of wisdom,” and early philosophers were forced to be rather promiscuous with that love. Physicist, logician, meteorologist, astronomer, chemist, ethicist, political scientist, drama critic: the Greek philosopher was all of these and more by default. The intellectual division of labour had not yet taken place, because all fields of inquiry were in their infancy.
Raphael
Fast forward two and a half thousand years and the situation is radically different. The sciences have long since specialised past the point where non-specialists can credibly critique scientific claims. There is now simply too much knowledge, at too great a pitch of complexity, for anyone to encompass and evaluate it all. The price we pay for our expanding depth of knowledge is that what we know is increasingly distrubuted between the increasingly specialised nodes of increasingly complex informational networks.
That fact, in turn, emphasises our mutual epistemic dependence. I rely daily on the expert competence and good will of thousands of people I never see and will never meet, from doctors to builders to engineers and lawyers - and climate scientists, who wrangle with the unimaginably complex fluid dynamics of our planet.
So what do you if you find yourself up against a network of specialist knowledge that disagrees with your core beliefs? Do you simply accept that you're not in a position to assess their claims and rely on, as we all must, on others? Do you, acknowledging your limitations, defer to the experts?
If you're Socrates today, then yes, you probably do. The true genius of Socrates as Plato presents them that they understand their limitations better than anyone around him:
And is not this the most reprehensible form of ignorance, that of thinking one knows what one does not know? Perhaps, gentlemen, in this matter also I differ from other men in this way, and if I were to say that I am wiser in anything, it would be in this, that not knowing very much about the other world, I do not think I know. (Apology 29b)
Dismissing expertise
But deferring to those who know better is not the sort of Socrates Malcolm Roberts wants to be. If you want to be a Roberts-style Socrates, instead of conceding your ignorance, you cling to some foundational bit of putative knowledge that allows you to dismiss anything else that's said, like so:
It is basic. The sun warms the earth's surface. The surface, by contact, warms the moving, circulating atmosphere. That means the atmosphere cools the surface. How then can the atmosphere warm it? It cannot. That is why their computer models are wrong.
This is a familiar move to anyone who's ever watched a 9/11 truther at work. While “jet fuel can't melt steel beams!” has become a punchline, in some ways it's the perfect battle-cry for epistemic rebellion. It asserts that if you just cling to some basic fact or model, you can use it to reject more complicated scenarios or models that seem to contradict that fact.
Jim Benton/Knowyourmeme.com
That move levels the playing field and hands power back to the disputant. Your advanced study of engineering or climatology, be it ever so impressive, can't override my high school physics or chemistry. My understanding of how physical reality works is simple, graspable, and therefore true; yours is complex, counterintuitive, esoteric, and thus utterly suspect. I'm Plato's Socrates: earthy, self-sufficient and impervious to sophistry; you, by contrast, are Aristophanes' Socrates, vain and unworldly, suspended in your balloon far above the healthy common sense of the demos, investing the clouds with your obsessions.
Auxiliary Accusations
This leaves our would-be Socrates with the awkward fact that all those experts still disagree with him. How do you respond in the face of such disconfirmatory data? You could abandon your hypothesis, or you could deploy what Imre Lakatos called an ‘auxiliary hypothesis' to defend it.
In Roberts' case, as with many conspiracy theorists, this auxiliary hypothesis takes the form of a scattergun accusation. Climate science isn't just mistaken, or even just inept, but “fraudulent.” Roberts is quite prepared to accuse thousands of people whose lives they know nothing about of conscious and systemic corruption rather than admit they might be wrong.
From within Roberts' rather Manichean worldview, that might seem to make a certain kind of sense: the forces of freedom are fighting an apocalyptic battle against the forces of repression. The enemy is positively evil, with its cooked climate data and insidious agendas and overtaxed bread. There is no need to spare the feelings of a foe so wicked. Those greedy bastards knew exactly what they were doing when they signed up for Socialist Climate Data Manipulation Studies in O-Week.
For anyone who claims to care about the quest for knowledge like Socrates did, the moral recklessness of such an accusation, from someone in such a position of power, should be cause for alarm. And when you're trying to destroy the reputation of researchers because their message doesn't suit your free-market pieties, you might just be more Meletus than Socrates.
Armed with a shiny, taxpayer-funded new stadium green-lit by feckless government officials, the Marlins decided they'd finally spend some money this offseason. The plan went as follows: Get Albert Pujols, get Jose Reyes, get one of the best starting pitchers on the market, get one of the best closers on the market.
Three out of four ain't bad. Though Miami came up short in its quest to land Pujols, the additions of Reyes, Mark Buehrle, and Heath Bell should boost the fortunes of a team that already had big potential for improvement. The prospect of a healthy Josh Johnson, an ever-improving Mike (now Giancarlo) Stanton, and a big dose of positive regression for Hanley Ramirez already portended good things for the Marlins. With three-fourths of Philly's starting infield on the shelf and the Braves mostly standing pat, the door has swung open for the Marlins (and Nationals) to challenge for the NL East crown.
LINEUP (Bill James projections: AVG/OBP/SLG, wOBA)
SS Jose Reyes (.303/.358/.457, .353)
CF Emilio Bonifacio (.276/.338/.354, .312)
3B Hanley Ramirez (.298/.379/.489, .377)
RF Giancarlo Stanton (.273/.366/.568, .394)
LF Logan Morrison (.265/.363/.475, .361)
1B Gaby Sanchez (.276/.360/.452, .353)
C John Buck (.239/.309/.409, .308)
2B Omar Infante (.291/.335/.401, .323)
Reyes got less than half the cash and much less than half the attention that Pujols did when they bolted St. Louis for the Angels. Which is interesting, because Reyes had a 2011 WAR of 6.2 while Pujols was only at 5.1. One more fact: Reyes is 28 and Pujols is 32.
Commence piling on the caveats now. Reyes's numbers were buoyed by a career-high .353 batting average on balls in play, a number likely to regress this season. They missed 36 games, which bodes well in that greater health could net even greater value, but also bodes poorly in that it marked the third straight season they missed significant time due to injuries, including 126 games on the shelf in 2009. This was also just the third time that Reyes produced six or more wins above replacement for their team. Meanwhile, Pujols's 2011 season was the worst of their career. The temptation is to say that Reyes is in their prime and Pujols has started their decline, especially given the three-and-a-half-year age difference between the two. But career paths are rarely that predictable, and Pujols has been the vastly superior player for most of the two players' careers.
Either way, all of these highlights how Reyes might turn out to be the best big-ticket signing of the offseason, given the relative size of their contract vs. Pujols's and Fielder's deals, and the profiles of each player (Pujols is the oldest, Fielder is a defensive minus playing a non-premium position, etc.). After Reyes, the Marlins would do well to drop Bonifacio toward the bottom of the lineup and get more at-bats for Stanton (an excellent sleeper MVP pick assuming their current knee injury proves to be minor) and yes, Ramirez too. Foot, back, and shoulder injuries killed Hanley's 2011 season, and both their offensive and defensive value were already waning in 2010, even though he's actually six months younger than Reyes. But there's a .300-hitter infielder with power still lurking in this skill set, and the tarot card readers have speculated that Ramirez could thrive again with Ozzie Guillen taking over as the new manager. Combine those three potential stars with solid complementary pieces like Morrison and Sanchez and you have a team that could make a huge jump from last year's 23rd-ranked offense.
ROTATION (Bill James projections: IP, FIP)
Josh Johnson (160, 2.87)
Mark Buehrle (208, 4.03)
Ricky Nolasco (192, 3.64)
Anibal Sanchez (187, 3.52)
Carlos Zambrano (181, 3.96)
Those are some pretty damn optimistic projections. Johnson made just nine starts last year before missing the rest of the season with a shoulder injury. Nolasco's fielding-independent stats have always been solid (career 3.83 FIP), but it's easy to wonder if their inability to prevent runs might go beyond simple bad luck. And Zambrano he's been a bit of a mess. Still, you could see the bright side too: Johnson was a monster in 2009 and 2010, making 61 starts and yielding nearly 12 WAR over that stretch; Nolasco's been crushed by very low strand rates in two of the past three years (61 percent in 2009, 66.2 percent in 2011; league average is in the low-70s), meaning unless he's got a fatal flaw when pitching from the stretch, bad luck (and lousy relief) might've been all that was holding them back (though their diving strikeout rate is a concern); and Zambrano even if they can't rebound to anywhere close to their old ace form, the Marlins just need a decent fifth starter's performance out of him.
The addition of Bell, overrated due to Petco deflation and vulnerable to lefties though they may be, should help the bullpen preserve leads and also allow Guillen to yank pitchers early when needed. Reyes has seen their defense dip in the past couple years, but they figure to gobble up more grounders than the now-too-big-for-short Ramirez, which should help last year's middle-of-the-pack team D. Plus the Marlins now have the cash and more importantly the will to open their checkbooks, meaning they'd likely make a move or three if any of the projected starters falter.
BREAKOUT PICK
Morrison. Stanton is the team's best young player, but it's tough to call a breakout for a player who's already bashed 34 homers in a season (though 40 is very much within reach). Meanwhile, Morrison has shown a good batting eye (career 11.7 percent walk rate), hit 23 homers in just 123 games last year, and could be poised for a batting average surge after posting a low .265 BABIP in 2011. They could make a big leap in 2012.
IF EVERYTHING BREAKS RIGHT
Reyes leads a massive offensive improvement, Johnson returns to Cy Young-caliber form, the aging and injury-wracked Phillies lose their iron grip on the division, and the Fish win the East. We're still three years and one league switch away from a Back to the Future prophecy, though.
IF EVERYTHING GOES WRONG
Even in a worst-case scenario, the addition of a second wild card and a lack of dominant teams in the National League (PECOTA doesn't see a single 90-win team) puts the Marlins in the mix, even if Ramirez's slide continues and the starting pitching isn't as strong as hoped.
The U.S. Capitol represents many things to different people, but one thing it's not being a modern art museum.
Every year, Members of Congress host an art competition in their congressional districts and the winners—selected through a variety of ways—are given the honor of having their artwork displayed in the U.S. Capitol for the world to see.
With the artwork, creativity is not in short supply. The artists are talented and each piece of art that is created—consisting of diverse mediums and styles—either convey a subtle message or project a clear, defining statement.
One less than subtle painting that was selected in last year's competition depicted a scene from Ferguson, Missouri. In the foreground are police officers with their weapons drawn in what appears to be a confrontation with unarmed citizens.
If that were the image alone, it might have been more tolerable—even if disliked. What made the painting a subject of national controversy is that it depicts the police officers as pigs. And they're not the rotund pink kind or anything like Wilber from Charlotte's Web.
Rather, the police officers are depicted as warthogs or some wild pig with tusks protruding from the mouth and curving upward. In military speak—there's a reason why the Air Force's A-10 attack aircraft is nicknamed the warthog. Yes, it can kill, but it has a less-than-beautiful outward appearance, thus the nickname.
Applied to police officers and law enforcement of all kinds, the image is neither complimentary nor salutary. It's offensive. And law enforcement organizations and others were right to call for its removal—even though that's not why it came down.
After a Friday morning meeting with my House Republican colleagues, where the painting was a subject of conversation, I walked by the piece of artwork hanging on the wall in the Capitol. And I couldn't help but think of all of America's law enforcement, in addition to our military men and women, who put their lives on the line every day.
I thought of all the men and women who honorably and faithfully wear a badge, who protect our communities and streets. I thought too of our collective obligation of a society to uphold these defenders of law and justice, even though too it is right that decision makers hear and respond properly to instances when law enforcement does overstep.
So as an American citizen and a former Marine who supports law enforcement, I took matters into my own hands. I unscrewed the painting from the wall and returned it to the Democratic Congressman who represents the award winner.
Hanging in an individual Congressional office, there's no real room for complaint. Hanging in a museum or on display in a gallery, that's fine. But a painting of that kind—projecting the message it does—do not belong in the U.S. Capitol.
My intent was to make a statement—just as the artist and their or their endorsers did. Call it my own form of expression.
There is a thin blue line on which police officers stand in protection of us all. They deserve our respect and appreciation. And if ever there's a poor decision on the part of one or a few, it does not reflect the true character and commitment of an entire organization of men and women nationwide committed to protect and serve the public.
There's nothing inclusive or healing when police officers are referred to as swine. Even if the painting is put back where it once hung, at least the message was sent to America's police departments and law enforcement that their service is valued.
For that reason alone, it was all worth it.
Donald Trump during the press launch for Trump Mortgage LLC at Trump Tower in April 2006 in New York City. (Jemal Countess/WireImage)
As some economists and Wall Street traders began to sense danger ahead of the crippling housing market collapse of 2008, Donald Trump waved away the worries and offered a concrete expression of confidence in the industry.
In the spring of 2006, the tycoon hosted a glitzy event at Trump Tower to introduce Trump Mortgage LLC, a new firm that specialized in selling residential and commercial real estate loans. They devoted a floor of the Trump Organization headquarters at 40 Wall Street to the new business. And their picture appeared atop the company website with the instruction: “Talk to My Mortgage Professionals now!”
“I think it's a great time to start a mortgage company,” Trump told a CNBC interviewer in April 2006, adding that “the real estate market is going to be very strong for a long time to come.”
Within 18 months, as the experts' worst fears began to pan out and home prices began to dip, Trump Mortgage closed, leaving some bills unpaid and a spotty sales record that fell short of Trump's lofty predictions. Trump distanced themselves from the firm's demise, saying at the time that they had not been involved in the company's management and that its executives had performed poorly.
As a presidential candidate a decade later, Trump says they would use the skills that made them successful in real estate to fix Washington. Their decision to embrace the mortgage business illustrates the potential dangers of a business philosophy that has relied in part on a willingness to put aside the advice of experts and take risks.
1 of 45 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Trump captures the nation's attention on the campaign trail View Photos The Republican candidate continues to dominate the presidential contest. Caption Businessman Donald Trump officially became the Republican nominee at the party's convention in Cleveland. Donald Trump speaks at a campaign event at Trump Doral golf course in Miami. Carlo Allegri/Reuters Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
In attaching their brand to the residential mortgage market at the height of the bubble, Trump defied a growing chorus of pessimism among economic forecasters and cast their decision as a sign of their own good judgment.
“How you react to the so-called housing bubble can be a barometer of your business personality,” they wrote in a September 2005 blog entry, months before the launch of Trump Mortgage. The post, published on the website of Trump University, the now-defunct business that provided seminars for aspiring real estate entrepreneurs, appeared under the headline “The Housing Bubble: Doom and Gloom Don't Pay.”
“Are you the type of person who takes advantage of positive situations when they present themselves, riding them out as long as they last? Or do you heed every message of doom and gloom, avoiding risks that could be some remarkable opportunities?”
Trump and officials from their campaign and business organization declined to comment.
[Fact Checker: A trio of truthful attack ads on Trump University]
Recently, as a candidate, Trump has presented themselves as a truth teller who sounded an early alarm about the pending mortgage crisis. They told MSNBC last July that they had known the housing market “was a bubble that was waiting to explode.”
“I told a lot of people,” Trump said. “And I was right. You know, I'm pretty good at that stuff.”
Trump revealed no such concern when they launched the mortgage firm in 2006.
They batted away skepticism from CNBC anchor Maria Bartiromo, who had cited a 10 percent decline in new home sales in one recent month.
“I think the market is very good,” Trump responded. “We're going to have a great company. It's Trump Mortgage and trumpmortgage.com. And it's going to be a terrific company,”one they predicted would quickly become an industry leader.
Trump derided economists during the broadcast, saying they were often unable to predict significant events.
“I went to the Wharton School of Finance. I was actually a very good student, believe it or not, but I've never been a huge believer in forecasting what's going to happen because you really never know what happens down the road,” they said.
Trump's handpicked chief executive, E.J. Ridings, was similarly upbeat, boasting in interviews that the new company “would own New York” and expand to all 50 states, offering residential and commercial mortgages. Trump had been introduced to Ridings through their son Donald Jr., who at the time oversaw development and acquisitions for the Trump Organization.
As it sought a toehold in the residential market, Trump Mortgage offered residential mortgages with promises of quick approvals. It recruited a team of aggressive salespersons.
Jan Scheck, the national sales director for Trump Mortgage, hired teams of specialists around the country and helped the new firm as it sought to obtain licenses in multiple states. Like Trump, Scheck thought at the time that the new company could be a major player.
Scheck recalled being awed as they stood alongside Trump at the opening news conference at Trump Tower in 2006.
“I told myself, ‘This is an awesome opportunity with somebody who is a god in the real estate industry,' ” Scheck said. “People were buying Trump ties. . . . You have to remember, this is the peak of their popularity. Everybody wanted to be Donald Trump. Donald was putting their name on buildings all over the country. I thought this was going to be an awesome opportunity.”
Scheck said that the floor devoted to Trump Mortgage was divided into two units. One side was an upscale residential and commercial mortgage business, which Scheck ran. The other side was known internally as the “boiler room,” where employees often made cold calls to people seeking to refinance or originate loans, many of them “sub-prime,” meaning the borrowers had poor credit histories.
Trump met with Scheck for an extended discussion before the initial news conference. But after that, Scheck said, they rarely saw the elder Trump.
Scheck left Trump Mortgage after a year, as did other managers, some of whom said they were disappointed with the leadership of Ridings. Shortly before the company closed in 2007, Money Magazine reported that Ridings had inflated their qualifications. The Trump Mortgage website had described the CEO as having 15 years of financial experience, including serving as a “top executive of one of Wall Street's most prestigious investment banks,” but, according to the report, Ridings had worked for a boutique mortgage company and had been a stockbroker for Dean Witter Reynolds for just six months. Ridings did not respond to repeated requests for comment.
Because Trump Mortgage served as a broker rather than a mortgage lender, there are few records of its activities. Lenders are required to file detailed records of their activities with federal regulators, but brokers are exempt from many of those reporting requirements.
The company appeared to fall short of the goals initially set by its top executives.
At the time of its launch, Ridings told interviewers in the New York media that they hoped to do $3 billion in commercial and residential mortgage business in the first year, with two-thirds of the revenue coming on the residential side. They envisioned the firm expanding across the country and the globe. Later, Trump told the Wall Street Journal that they would consider starting a lending operation tied to the brokerage.
At the end of the first year in business, all of that had changed. Ridings told the New York business media that the firm did only about $1 billion in business. The touted expansion never happened.
When Trump Mortgage closed in 2007, Trump blamed the people they hired to run the company.
“We weren't happy with them and we terminated them based on the fact they were not doing what they said they were going to do,” they told a New York trade publication, the Real Deal, in September 2007.
After Trump Mortgage closed, Trump tried again to enter the world of mortgage lending, licensing their name to a firm once known as Meridian Mortgage, which would also be known as Trump Financial for a few years going forward. It was led by an experienced New York mortgage executive, David Brecher. But like its predecessor, Trump Financial quietly ceased operations.
“I think it would have been a great business,” Brecher told The Washington Post in a recent interview. “But the timing was just not that great, just before the crash.”
The Trump Mortgage closure continued to reverberate following the crash, for at least one former employee.
Jennifer McGovern, who had been a mortgage seller, filed suit, saying that they were fired before they could receive $238,000 of promised compensation for a commercial real estate deal they negotiated.
McGovern, a mother of three, won a judgment in 2008 by a New York State Supreme Court judge, who ordered that they be paid $298,274. But the bill was not paid. “The company was set up in a way that we could never recover what we were owed,” they said.
In addition to McGovern's unpaid claim, Trump Mortgage owed $3,555 in unpaid taxes, according to a Treasury Department tax lien filed in 2009.
The idea that the company would fail to pay them or others seemed unfathomable to McGovern in 2006, they said. They recalled their excitement after meeting with Trump for a pep talk at the Trump Mortgage headquarters on Wall Street. “He told us if we worked hard we would all do well,” they said.
Alice Crites contributed to this report.
Hartley completed their maiden Formula 1 race in 13th position out of 16 places, as they were replacing Pierre Gasly at Toro Rosso.
The Kiwi driver said they "just did the job" instead of inquiring about whether they can stay for more Formula 1 race with the time.
"Up until this moment I haven't been asking the question," said Hartley, who finished three positions and 27 seconds behind teammate Daniil Kvyat.
"And it was the same when they called me up to do a simulator test. I didn't want to know, I just did the job, and that's how I've taken this weekend.
"I've actually been really relaxed and I'm happy I did it that way. I guess now there might be some conversations. I really don't know. You'll have to ask them."
"Going into the darkness" in race
The United States grand prix was Hartley's first single-seater outing in five years.
They admitted that their lack of experience in F1, as well as with the Pirelli tyres, made it unclear how their race would go.
"So much to learn. It was the first time I've put 20 laps on these Pirelli tyres, it was going into the darkness in terms of what was going to happen," Hartley added.
"So many experiences I can take going forward, if I get an opportunity. At the end of the last stint I started to understand a bit more, and was pretty happy with the performance.
"There's always things you can do better. If I was to do the race again tomorrow, with the experience I've gained, I would do some of it a bit differently."
They admitted that they hadn't made the best start, and also lost time while getting "stuck" behind Lance Stroll.
"My start wasn't very good, I didn't nail that. I nailed some of the practices, but when it came to the real one, it's been a while since I've done one. I'm pretty happy with the first lap, there was a bit of a tussle with Stoffel.
"I was a bit disappointed that Stroll passed me after the pit stop and I got stuck behind him. We had good pace in the car but then I was stuck, and they did a good job to make the pass.
"That's another lesson learned, I should have got on the overtake button, but I thought they were far enough behind. Managing tyres, I think I was probably too conservative."
This article is over 7 years old
National Guard use assault rifles and teargas to combat gun battles at Rodeo I and II, inmates claim
Venezuelan troops have been accused of using teargas and "weapons of war" against rioting prisoners as they tried for a fourth day to dislodge a group of heavily armed inmates who have staved off attempts to retake control.
National Guard troops escorted 36 inmates from cellblocks inside the Rodeo II prison to areas that were no longer controlled by rebellious prisoners, the justice minister, Tareck El Aissami, told state television. At least 11 of the inmates were wounded, they said.
National Guard General Luis Motta Domínguez said the inmates evacuated "were hostages of the violent prisoners".
A 5,000-strong security force and inmates have engaged in gun battles at the Rodeo I prison and the adjacent lockup Rodeo II since the military launched a weapons search on Friday.
"The situation is the same," inmate Rafael Contreras said from inside Rodeo II. They spoke to the Associated Press after being reached by mobile phone by one of the inmates' relatives outside the prison.
"They are using weapons of war against us," Contreras said, referring to the assault rifles of the troops who have surrounded the prison.
Contreras said prisoners were also well-armed, but insisted they were acting in self-defence. "We use them to defend ourselves at times like this," they said.
El Aissami told Union Radio on Monday that only one prisoner and two National Guard troops had been killed during the clashes. At least 20 other troops have been wounded, they said.
Contreras said there had been 17 deaths amid the gunfire, and that several bodies were decomposing in the Rodeo II prison with the inmates.
Major Jorge Galindo, a justice ministry official, declined to comment on the claim, saying authorities would not provide additional details until the military takes control of the prison.
"They are lying," El Aissami said earlier of claims the death toll had risen.
A small group of inmates has prevented others from leaving the prison, they said.
Violence erupted in the El Rodeo I prison on 12 June when a riot broke out that left 22 people dead. Days later, thousands of troops stormed the prison to disarm the inmates.
Dominguez said leaders of the violent uprising inside Rodeo II are seeking to extend the conflict, calling fellow inmates inside other prisons and trying to convince them to attack National Guard troops.
Venezuela's severely crowded prisons have suffered repeated violent outbursts as rival gangs often fight for control of cellblocks and the sale of weapons and drugs.
The country's 30 prisons were built to hold 12,500 prisoners but instead hold about 49,000, according to the Venezuelan Prisons Observatory, a group that monitors prison conditions.
Last year, 476 people died and 967 were injured in the prison system, according to figures compiled by the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights.
College is becoming less and less affordable to more and more families higher and higher on the socioeconomic ladder.
As tuition and other fees have climbed and state funding of public institutions has failed to keep pace with rising costs and growing enrollment, a college education is being priced out of the reach of middle-class and even upper-middle-class families.
According to a recent report from researchers at the University of Pennsylvania and Vanderbilt University, families earning 48,001 to $75,000 a year had to pay a significant portion of their gross income to send a student to a public four-year nondoctoral institution. On average, it cost 16 percent (in Alaska) to 33 percent (in New Jersey) of their income in 2013, the latest year for which complete statistics were available for the report.
The burden was higher at public research universities, according to the report, “2016 College Affordability Diagnosis.” Families would have had to pay, on average, 17 percent (Wyoming) to 31 percent (Alabama) of their income to enroll in such state-run institutions as the University of Wyoming or the University of Alabama.
VICTORIA B.C. – B.C. Green Party leader Andrew Weaver is calling on Elections BC and the RCMP to launch an immediate investigation into allegations that Premier Christy Clark's B.C. Liberals have been accepting illegal donations from lobbyists.
Media reports over the weekend allege that many donations to the Liberals are made fraudulently or in violation of the Election Act and that the Liberals are encouraging this behaviour by holding cash for access events. The Liberals raised more than $12 million last year, more than any provincial political party in power. The B.C. NDP, which also accepts both corporate and union donations, have also allegedly pressured lobbyists for donations. The NDP have not released fundraising figures for 2016 but raised $3 million in 2015.
“The report raises very serious questions about influence peddling and corruption of our democratic process,” Weaver says. “The police and Elections BC have a duty to investigate the flow of money through lobbyists to both the Liberals and the NDP.”
They called for urgent action, saying British Columbians have a right know if any laws have been broken before they cast their ballots in the May 9 election. Weaver also called for an immediate end to so-called “pay-to-play” and “cash-for-access” schemes, and that all monies raised in a questionable manner be returned to the donors.
The article published by The Globe and Mail on the weekend is the latest in a series of troubling reports on political fundraising in B.C. The New York Times in January described B.C. as the ‘Wild West' for its fund-raising practices that are outlawed federally and in most other provinces. Clark accepts money from lobbyists, corporate and foreign donors and also engages in fundraising events at private homes where wealthy individuals and lobbyists pay thousands of dollars in exchange for exclusive access to the Premier.
The latest reports provide more disturbing detail on the fundraising practices; of the 53 frequent donors to the Liberals, 13 work for wealthy foreign companies or individuals. It also alleges donations are being hidden in violation of one of the few fundraising rules that do exist in B.C.
“These disturbing practices must end,” says Weaver.
They called on both the Liberals and NDP to follow the lead of the B.C. Green Party which in September stopped accepting corporate and union donations. While a ban on corporate and union donations is just one necessary part of reforming B.C.'s political finance laws, it has been received by B.C. voters with strong support. The B.C. Green Party raised $763,667 in 2016, nearly double what it raised in the previous fiscal year.
“B.C. must stop selling out to corporate and foreign interests that have exploited the province's resources and left our cities unaffordable,” says Weaver. “It's time for British Columbians to take back B.C.”
- 30 -
Media contact
Jillian Oliver, Press Secretary
+1 778-650-0597 | jillian.oliver@bcgreens.ca
Background articles
The New York Times
The Globe and Mail
This is a chronological list of Manchester United F.C mascots from their foundation as Newton Heath F.C. in 1878. The current club mascot is "Fred the Red", an anthropomorphic "Red Devil", after the club's nickname, the Red Devils.
Michael the Bank Street Canary (1890s) [ edit ]
During the 1890s, readers of Newton Heath F.C. match programmes may have seen advertisements to hear "Michael the Bank Street Canary sing," for a nominal fee. However, Michael was not able to sing, and nor was they a canary. In actuality, Michael was a goose and was an unwitting participant in the money-making schemes that the club were using during their financial difficulties.
Understandably, the fans who had paid good money to hear a canary sing were rightfully unimpressed by Michael's tuneless honk. Then, one Christmas, Michael mysteriously disappeared, never to be seen again, believed to have been served as a dissatisfied fan's Christmas dinner.
Major the Saint Bernard dog (1902–1905/06) [ edit ]
Major was the prized Saint Bernard of Newton Heath's club captain and full-back, Harry Stafford, and played a pivotal role in the changing of the club's name, colours and stadium. Still in financial difficulty, Stafford would send their dog around the crowd with a collection box on its collar in the hope of bringing in much-needed extra funds. Then, in 1901, the club held a fund-raising bazaar, at which Major did their usual rounds with the collection box. However, the bazaar was a "rank failure", as described by the archives of the Topical Times, and by the end of it, Major had gone missing.
Stafford went out looking for their prize dog, and eventually found them in the possession of local brewer John Henry Davies, who wished to keep Major as a pet for their daughter. Stafford convinced Davies to invest £500 in Newton Heath F.C. in order to guarantee the club's financial security for the immediate future and in return gave Davies the dog. Davies was appointed chairperson, and eventually renamed the club as Manchester United F.C. in 1902, changing the club colours to red and white.
Major was eventually retired as club mascot during the 1905-06 season. Whether this was due to their demise or just old age is unknown, but what is certain is that Major will be forever remembered as one of the most important mascots the club has ever had.
Billy the Goat (1905/06–1909) [ edit ]
Billy the Goat's preserved head on display in the Manchester United museum
Following the retirement of Major, the club decided to adopt a new mascot. Half-back Charlie Roberts had recently been given a goat by The Bensons, a theatre company. Why Roberts was given a goat, and why a theatre company gave it to him, is unknown, but they (imaginatively) named the goat "Billy", and Billy the Goat became the third club mascot. Like Major before him, Billy was also paraded around the ground before home games.
Records show that Billy travelled to ale houses with the team on numerous occasions, sometimes having the odd tipple. However, it was Billy's taste for alcohol that would cause them to meet their demise. After the 1909 FA Cup Final win over Bristol City, Billy took part in the post-match celebrations with the players, but drank too much champagne and died of alcohol poisoning soon after.
"Hoppy" Thorne, the One-legged Wonder (late 1930s–late 1940s) [ edit ]
William "Hoppy" Thorne was a British soldier during the First World War. They were too young to join the army at the start of the war, but nonetheless signed up under a false name. They somehow lost a leg in combat, and was marked as an invalid on their return to Britain. This status meant that few employers would give them any work, but they managed to find work at Old Trafford, sweeping up after home matches and operating the scoreboard at Reserve games.
Hoppy became well known amongst the players, but what made them famous to the fans were their pre-match entertainments. Before home matches, they would strip off their clothes, down to their running gear, jump over the fence around the playing surface, and hop or run around the pitch, depending on whether he'd attached their false leg or not.
However, Hoppy's tenure as club mascot came to an end towards the end of the 1940s. They failed to receive tickets for the 1948 FA Cup Final in the members' ballot, and as a result, an irreconcilable rift formed between them and the club.
Jack Irons (late 1940s–1963) [ edit ]
John Thomas "Jack" Irons was the Manchester United mascot for around 15 years. They would parade around the pitch in a red-and-white dinner suit before kick-off, holding their red-and-white umbrella while signing autographs and greeting the fans, and even tossing the coin for the kick-off on occasion.
It is unknown how or when Irons became the club mascot, but according to the Club Minutes Book for 9 May 1963, Irons "had decided to retire at the end of the present season [1962-63]. It was decided to make a presentation to them up to the value of £25-0-0d." They made a one-match comeback for the 1968 European Cup Final, but then disappeared into obscurity, though they presumably continued to support the club until the day they died.
Frank Hilton and Ronnie McWilliams both had spells "under the umbrella", but the practice of the "friendly mascot" had to be abandoned soon after, due to the rise of hooliganism in the United Kingdom.
Fred the Red [ edit ]
Fred the Red
The current Manchester United mascot, Fred the Red represents the club's nickname, The Red Devils. They wear a shirt with the number 55 on it and usually dances in front of the crowd before matches. Fred the Red was voted the most popular mascot in Match magazine in 2011. Fred first appeared during the early 1990s and appeared at the Wembley in 1994, when United beat Chelsea 4-0 in the FA Cup final to clinch the double. They quickly found their way onto the club's official merchandise.[citation needed]
References [ edit ]
I read your two-part report on the curse of Noah/Canaan/Ham et al and found it very illuminating. Another enigmatic story in the Bible is the story of Onan. This one has been used to prove that masturbation is evil and punishable by death, so much so that the words masturbation and onanism are synonymous. I've read that story over and over, and I'm not sure where people get the masturbation connection. On the surface it seems to me that Onan married their deceased brother's wife, according to Jewish law, but they did not love them However, instead of putting them away and leaving them alone, they had sex with her, but didn't want to have children with her, so they pulled and prayed, thus "spilling their seed on the ground." My take on it is this: God struck Onan down because they were a rapist who abused their wife, not because they liked to yank their doodle. Or am I just twisting the Bible for my own purposes to alleviate my guilt about spending inordinate amounts of time in the bathroom? Just sign me …
SDStaff Dex replies:
You're right, Onanism and masturbation have been used synonymously in Western cultures, but they probably shouldn't be. We'll start with a look at the story as told in Genesis 38:6-10, then show how it was used to justify attitudes towards sex in Judeo-Christian religions.
In the biblical text, Judah, the son of Jacob (called Israel) has three sons, the two of importance to this story being Er and Onan:
Judah got a wife for Er, their first-born; their name was Tamar. But Er, Judah's first born, was displeasing to the Lord and the Lord took their life. Then Judah said to Onan, “Join with your brother's wife and do your duty by them as a brother-in-law, and provide offspring for your brother.” But Onan, knowing that the seed would not count as his, let it go to waste whenever they joined with their brother's wife, so as not to provide offspring for their brother. What they did was displeasing to the Lord, and They took their life also.
First, the simple explanation of the text.
The death of Er (see note 1 below) without a son makes Onan subject to what is called the levirate law (note 2). Although the law isn't specifically mentioned until much later in Deuteronomy 25:5, it was very ancient, predating the point at which the Pentateuch was written down (note 3).
Marrying your brother's wife is forbidden in biblical law, specifically Leviticus 18:16 and 20:21. However, there is an exception if your brother dies without having had a son. In that case, a man is obligated to impregnate their widowed sister-in-law to give their dead brother a son, who becomes the brother's heir. Deuteronomy 25:5-10 describes a way for the brother to decline this responsibility, but presumably at the time of the story of Onan, that legal mechanism wasn't known.
Today levirate marriages are rare. Traditional Ashkenazic Jews faced with a brother who's married, childless, and dead use the Deuteronomic ritual to get out of it. Most Reform and Conservative Jews ignore it altogether. Among Sephardic Jews, one still finds an occasional levirate marriage.
Back to the story. Having no legal means of avoiding their brotherly duty, Onan flatly refuses to do it. They don't object to sex with their brother's wife; they just doesn't want to get them with child. We don't know why except that the child “would not count as his.” Perhaps they lacked a sense of responsibility to the dead. Perhaps they realized that, with Er dead, they would get half their father's estate, but if Er had an heir, they would only get one-third. So they spilled their seed on the ground. The question is: what exactly does this mean? Religious leaders have advanced different interpretations over the centuries, mostly to justify societal mores.
It's often difficult to establishing what sex practices various writers meant because they used euphemisms–there wasn't a technical sexual vocabulary until fairly recently. Also, the authors of commentaries didn't want to give readers ideas by being too explicit–the “above all, don't put beans in your ear!” syndrome.
The earliest interpretations were straightforward. What Onan had done was dishonor their dead brother and shirk their obligations. Exactly how they frustrated the purpose of levirate marriage was irrelevant. The text emphasizes the social or legal setting, with Judah describing what Onan has to do and why. The plain reading is that Onan's sin was refusal to provide their dead brother with an heir.
When religious authorities try to legislate morality, however, the simple meaning of the text is rarely satisfactory. By the rabbinic period (around 100 BC to 300 AD), levirate marriage was no longer widely practiced. Rabbis and early Christian fathers sought other explanations for Onan's sin, focusing more on the sexual act itself, the spilling of the seed. Jews and Christians adopted sharply different interpretations.
The rabbis interpreted Onan's transgression as birth control through coitus interruptus. (In a wonderful euphemism, the Jewish commentator Rashi calls this “threshing within, winnowing without.”) They decided what Onan had done was wasteful but not a severe sin; the punishment should be left to God. More generally, the rabbis recognized that intercourse did not always result in pregnancy, and that there could be a purpose to intercourse beyond simple reproduction, namely pleasure.
The Christian church ultimately took a different stance. After four centuries of competition with groups now considered heretical, the Christian church determined that man's sexual duty was to procreate and replenish the earth, period. Sex for pleasure was weakness, if not outright sinful.
While the Onan story was a factor, the driving force behind Christianity's evolving attitude toward sex was the New Testament, coupled with the pessimistic certainty that the end of the world was imminent. In the 5th century, St Augustine wrote that while sex is essential to procreation and thus good, sin has corrupted human passion, so copulation for pleasure alone is immoral.
The female role in reproduction was poorly understood–people thought men did the important part, namely planting the seed, and the woman was just the flower pot. Hence, spilling seed (loss of semen) was a grievous sin. This attitude emerged after Cummean, an Irish abbott of the 7th century, set forth penances for various sexual sins. Theodore of Tarsus, also in the 7th century, distinguished onanism from masturbation–he felt onanism was a form of contraception, not just self-pleasuring.
Thomas Aquinas (1225-1274) wrote extensively about sexual subjects; their thinking dominated Christian teaching for centuries. First, they taught that any sexual activity that did not lead to procreation was deviant, even within marriage. Sex without procreation was lust, directed solely at venereal pleasure. Other sexual sins included adultery, rape, and incest.
Second, they set up a category of four “sins against nature” or “unnatural vices.” These are considered more sinful than illicit sex, because they violate the laws of nature as well as the laws of society and the Church. In order from least to worst sinful:
Ejaculation without coitus, i.e., masturbation
Deviation from the “natural position” (face to face contact, female on their back)
Copulation with an “undue sex” (i.e., homosexuality)
Copulation with non-human creatures, i.e., bestiality.
The term “sodomy” was used interchangeably with “sins against nature.” All such sins were lumped under the category of “onanism.” Peter Cantor, in the 12th century, had equated sodomy with the sin of Onan because a sodomite “spilled their seed upon the earth.” Sodomy was defined as sexual acts between persons of the same sex, and also “semination in a vessel not ordained for it.”
St. Antonius (1391-1451) used so many euphemisms that we're not always sure what they were talking about. They used sodomy and onanism interchangeably as “sins against nature” to describe a great variey of sexual activities.
Christian hostility to sex survived all sorts of religious and social upheavals. After the Protestant reformation, both Calvinists and Lutherans condemned onanism. When the Spanish explorers got to the New World, they were appalled to find the Indians engaged not only in cannibalism and human sacrifice but what they considered perverted sex practices such as incest. Spanish missionaries quickly set about forcibly converting the Incas and Aztecs. In North America, the Puritans referred to masturbation as “the solitary vice” and “self-pollution.” Rev. Samuel Danforth (1674) wrote that any ejaculation was “unclean” under divine law.
A few rebelled against Christian beliefs. Jean Jacques Rousseau (1712-1798) wrote that they satisfied their sexual desires by masturbation, but such frank attitudes were rare.
S. A. D. Tissot wrote a monograph on masturbation in 1758 in an early “scientific” effort to interpret sex and religion. Tissot said that seminal emission could cause serious health problems. After all, a boy's sexual maturation coincided with the deepening of their voice, the growth of body and facial hair, increased height and weight, and other signs of masculinity. Castrated eunuchs produce no semen and are not masculine. Hence, clearly, loss of semen weakened masculinity. Frequent intercourse was dangerous, but loss of semen through “unnatural means” like masturbation was VERY dangerous.
Tissot's text didn't reach America until 1832, but their influence was widely felt. According to Tissot, masturbation led to fuzzy thinking and insanity. Madhouse inmates sat around jerking off; ergo, masturbation caused madness. Similar bizarre reasoning led to the belief that masturbation also caused decay of bodily powers, coughing, and consumption (tuberculosis). Female masturbators were prone to hysterical fits, jaundice, or violent cramps.
In the 1800s, onanism and masturbation were tied to homosexuality. Sodomy was a catchall phrase for such practices as masturbation, anal intercourse, and bestiality. Sylvester Graham (1794-1851), inventor of the Graham cracker, taught that the loss of an ounce of semen was equivalent to the loss of four ounces of blood, reducing the life-force and exposing the body to disease and even death. Masturbation was seen as the most dangerous of deviant sexual acts, undoubtedly because it was so extensively practiced. Masturbation was called “the most criminal, most pernicious, most unnatural” of sexual acts, and described as a contagious disease. It was worse than other diseases because it drained off vital bodily fluids. (And you thought Jack D. Ripper's purity-of-essence bit from Dr. Strangelove was just a nutty Kubrickian riff!)
As the 1800s proceeded, the Victorian Age put hostility to sex on a “scientific” foundation. James Scott, writing in 1899, used the term masturbation to mean any “sin against nature” including coitus interruptus, oral-genital sex, pederasty, bestiality, and self-pollution. Women were warned not to enjoy sex. Contraceptives were condemned as onanism. Infantile paralysis (polio) and infantile rheumatism were added to the list of diseases caused by masturbation.
In the UK, religious and societal attitudes against sex led to a horror of divorce, culminating in the abdication of Edward VIII in1936 to marry a divorced woman.
It's only in the last century or so that sex–including masturbation–has been viewed as natural, and only in the last few decades that homosexual activities have gained societal acceptance. We've come a long way.
One last thing. I'm indebted to George Ertel for pointing out that the term “onanism” is used nowadays in financial circles to indicate premature withdrawal of investments. Truly, these are strange times.
OK, SO THAT WAS JUST THE NEXT-TO-LAST THING
Dear Straight Dope:
I am disappointed to see no acknowledgment of “Gilbert O'Sullivan”‘s little joke in the byline they attached to their onanism/masturbation question: Gilbert O'Sullivan was the man who wrote and sang “Alone Again (Naturally).”
— Soren deSelby
SDStaff Dex and Little Ed reply:
We admit it, that one got past us. We offer only the feeble excuse that the real G. O'S., or anyway the musician who goes by that name, had a hit with that song in 1972, and anyone undistracted enough to remember such things 33 years later … well, no disrespect, but you can see why they'd be interested in onanism.
__________
Note 1: The word “displeasing” is Ra, a pun on Er. The text does not specify the sin.
Note 2. The Hebrew word for this practice is yibbum. In English, “levirate marriage” derives from the Latin levir, a husband's brother.
Note 3. Sarna (see below) says that laws from the Middle Assyrian Empire (15th-14th century BCE) provided that a widow with no son was to be married off by their father-in-law to the son of their choice. Hittite law (14th-13th century BCE) specified that if a married man died, “his brother shall take their wife.”
Sources
David Biale, Eros and the Jew (1992)
Vern L. Bullough, Sexual Variance in Society and History (1976)
Peter Gardella, Innocent Ecstasy (1985)
Nahum M. Sarna, Torah Commentary: Genesis (1989)
Send questions to Cecil via cecil@straightdope.com.
Related
STAFF REPORTS ARE WRITTEN BY THE STRAIGHT DOPE SCIENCE ADVISORY BOARD, CECIL'S ONLINE AUXILIARY. THOUGH THE SDSAB DOES ITS BEST, THESE COLUMNS ARE EDITED BY ED ZOTTI, NOT CECIL, SO ACCURACYWISE YOU'D BETTER KEEP YOUR FINGERS CROSSED.
Summoners War Veromos Guide
I believe it is every Summoners Dream, or at least one of their first goals to obtain Veromos in Summoners War. Veromos is a crucial part to many teams, and helps you quickly progress in the game. With that said today I would like to look back, and pull together a Summoners War Veromos Guide with some tips and tricks I found while trying to acquire my very own Veromos. I also hope this will help you prepare and be more efficient in your approach to obtaining Veromos. The Summoners War Veromos Guide is here as an input to you Summoners War Gaming experience, but is definitely no way shape or form the only way to go about getting Veromos.
Veromos Fusion
Getting all the monsters for Veromos can definitely take some time. It is important to know what goes into him, and to not accidently use something you shouldn't if you are trying to obtain him. Here is a chart of what it takes for their Fusion.
Starting at the beginning process of the fusion at a very high level you will need to get 12 monsters to 4 stars and awaken them. Then Fuse those 12 monsters into 3 four-star monsters. Every monster can be obtained through summoning, however with that said it is probably going to be pretty rare that you will have summoned all the pieces. Dark Yeti probably being the hardest to obtain as Light and Dark scrolls are few and far between.
On the bright side most of the base monsters are farmable. You will need to pay attention to what you need. The nice thing is a few updates ago they added a fusion chart into the game, and now highlight monsters you have that are a piece of the fusion process. For example, looking at the chart again you can see I have several monsters for the Veromos Fusion like the wind Vampire which I acquired through summoning.
Veromos Youtube Guide
Veromos Strategy – Acquiring Monsters
Now that we know what goes into the Veromos Fusion, we can pay attention day 1 of playing Summoners War. For starters pay attention to all the mystical scroll summons you use, and any time you summon a piece I would go and lock the monster so you don't accidently use them. As you are leveling your account and growing from a noob to mid game you will quickly acquire a lot of the monsters for Veromos as long as you are not using them for fodder. You will even be able to get several monsters from using the regular scroll summons.
Next, after what I call acquiring most of your monsters the next thing you need to pay attention to is what day of the week it is. I say this because Monday is when the Dark Dungeon is open, and that is when you will need to be extra vigilant on watching for a Dark Yeti Secret Dungeon. Be sure to pay attention to chat, and ask nicely for an invite. On the flip side this is also your day to farm the Dark Dungeon as well, and if you happen to get lucky and get a Dark Yeti please be kind and pay it forward to your fellow summoners. Keep a few friend slots open to invite, and because of them farming Dark Yeti as well you will get pieces from them hitting the dungeon.
Veromos Strategy – Leveling & Evolving
A big piece of getting Veromos is the time it will take you to level and evolve all the monsters. This is probably one place where this Summoners War Veromos Guide will hopefully help you. First and foremost leveling the monsters you need can occur in tandem while you are trying to farm or summon the needed monsters. The key is utilizing your Experience Boosters properly. Be prepared on when you plan to use them, and store some energy. Do not waste the Experience Boosters. I also strongly recommend when you decide to really push that you go to the shop and use some crystals for a three day experience booster.
Next, it is of my opinion you will want to farm Faimon Volcano. Particularly the first zone Path. Most likely you will use your Water Magic Knight to farm Faimon. At 5 star, awakened, four to five-star runes level 12 or higher, and max level you should be able to farm the Path on Hard. Mine is also runed with both Vampire and Revenge runes going Speed in the 2 slot, HP in the 4 slot, and HP in the 6 slot. The Water Magic Knight makes a great farmer for Faimon, and a monster everyone will have. I also believe it is actually one of the reasons it's not a bad idea to 6 star them because a lot of the game as you know is a grind, and you spend a lot of time leveling and evolving monsters.
After leveling monsters comes the next important piece is evolution fodder. To give you an example just to get one monster to 5 stars, you would need 5 four-star monsters. One the monster that you are evolving full leveled, and four more 4-star monsters. To quickly break it down for the same 5-star monster you need: 16 three star, 48 two star, or 96 one-star monsters to evolve to a five-star monster. This is clearly in my opinion the time suck of the Veromos Fusion, and why you should be constantly doing this throughout the game using the experience boosters.
Coinciding with the evolution and leveling I would add a good way in my opinion to get the fodder needed, and potentially time saving is to get again spend crystals on the Premium packs for the summons. Purchasing premium packs through the course of your play will immediately expedite the Veromos Fusion process, by getting you monsters needed in fusion, and fodder material. On top of that you may be an extremely lucky summoner and get some other needed stuff for your account.
Veromos Strategy – Awakening
Aside from actually completing the Veromos Fusion one of the last pieces is having enough materials to awaken all the monsters. This is something you can casually work on throughout the week, and slowly accumulate the materials for the awakening of the fusion materials. When getting to this point it will also be a little more time sensitive if you do not have all the proper materials to awaken your monsters because you will have to farm the correct dungeons on the right day of the week.
Along with actually leveling your monsters this could take some time especially to get the High Elemental Material pieces that you will need. However, I still believe leveling the monsters is much more work when push comes to shove then gathering the materials. On top of that, it is strongly going to depend on where you are as a Summoner. Obviously the higher level you are, the stronger your team monster and rune wise, you will be able to complete your runs quicker. However, this Summoners War Veromos Guide is more geared to an aggregate view of “How to get Veromos” from day 1 and cast a collective inclusive web when approaching Veromos Fusion.
Summoners War Veromos Guide Summary
In conclusion any summoner can make great strides towards obtaining Veromos by paying attention very early in the game, and being educated about an approach. I hope this guide doesn't land on deaf ears and helps many early summoners Fuse Veromos. As outlined in the Veromos Strategy I believe there are really three main elements to the Fusion. Get the appropriate monsters needed by paying attention to dungeons and summons. Use your mystical scrolls or purchase premium packs to help expedite the process, and for the love of god lock your monsters so you don't accidentally use them if they are monsters needed for Veromos. Farm Faimon to level up your monsters so you can evolve them. Keep an eye on having the appropriate fodder as it takes a lot of materials, and again use premium packs to help expedite. Lastly, you can slowly accumulate the needed materials for awakening throughout the week.
When I first started playing Summoners War I was a little lost on direction. Hopefully this Summoners War Veromos Guide will help provide some navigation pointers for you. I was able to get Veromos within the first 6 months of gameplay as a free to play player. That should give a little guidance on the timeline it takes to get him. Last I would like to impart one final piece of advice. Make sure you have enough mana, because it would definitely suck to have everything and not be able to summon Veromos because you didn't have the mana available to do so. However, with that said make sure you enjoy the game!
(Image: © Mick Hutson/Getty Images)
Check out the latest isolated guitar track to make the interweb rounds: Pantera's "Floods."
“That particular solo was thought-out in a more orchestrated fashion than some of the others I play where I just start ripping right off the bat,” Pantera guitarist Dimebag Darrell told Guitar World several years ago.
“The thing that really makes the ‘Floods' solo come across like it does is [bassist] Rex's playing behind it. He's using their fingers and they play a whole bunch of cool licks and shit in there. They definitely add to the vibe and feel of my lead because I'm playing off their part a lot—it was a great foundation for me to build on, man.”
To fatten up the sound of the catchy arpeggiated theme that fills the first eight bars of their lead, Darrell doubled the part.
“I picked up the idea of doubling from Randy Rhoads. It seemed appropriate to start off in a slow, melodic fashion and then build and build and build to the climax with the big harmonic squeals at the end.
"For that last big note I think there's four guitars going on. There's a squeal at the second fret of the G string, a squeal at the fifth fret of the G and then I used a DigiTech Whammy pedal on two-string squeals at the harmonics at the fourth and 12th frets of the G and B strings, I believe. That was one of those deals where I didn't plan it out.
"I just sat there and fucked with it until it sounded right.”
Matt Sullivan/Getty Images
The MLB trade deadline is only days away, and Cincinnati Reds shortstop Zack Cozart's offensive troubles have fans wanting the team to make an upgrade at the position. However, Cozart's struggles have been overblown this season.
There's no denying that Cozart has plenty of room for improvement. Their struggles, especially while batting second, have hurt the team's chances to score runs.
Cincinnati has two players, Joey Votto and Shin-Soo Choo, atop the NL rankings in on-base percentage. With those two in the first third of the lineup, Cincinnati has been hoping for Cozart to hit better in between them.
Many fans believe Cozart hits better when is in't No. 2. That's false. The 27-year-old hit .257 in the second spot compared to only .211 while batting seventh.  They are also 0-for-11 when batting eighth this season.
When left fielder Ryan Ludwick returns, they will likely bat sixth. Ludwick's return looks like it will force Cozart back to the second spot.
Depending on how Ludwick does upon returning, they could move back to the cleanup spot and Brandon Phillips would go back to batting second, with Cozart moving back down.
Cozart is hitting only .239 and has a .266 OBP, which makes them a bad fit for the No. 2 spot in the lineup.
So why should fans lay off of the shortstop?
Low Slash Line Doesn't Dictate Their Game
For all of the criticism Cozart has received this season, they continue to go out and give it their all.
Despite a low overall average, Cozart has done well in certain situations.  They are hitting .278 with the bases empty. Unfortunately their numbers dip once runners get on, but they have shown the ability to start rallies.
They have also hit .288 with a .375 OBP when he's ahead in the count, including .326 on the first pitch.
Their offensive numbers don't look great, but they have done a good job of producing runs.
Cozart has knocked in 36 runs this season, which is one more than they knocked in all of last season.  They are also tied with three other players for the most extra-base hits (32) among all shortstops.
They have some pop in their bat. The right-handed hitter has 23 home runs, 55 doubles and five triples since the beginning of the 2012 season. That ranks among the most at the position during that span.
The shortstop is still learning the strike zone. In 95 games, they have 68 strikeouts—a number that is lower than most might think—but only 15 walks.
They do swing at a lot of pitches out of the zone, and they need to work on only swinging at strikes. The strikeouts aren't the problem. They don't walk much, and their pitch selection results in a lot of easy outs.
They may never hit for a high average, but fans should be content with the power that they have shown so far. Not only do they get extra-base hits, but they are also one of the only players on the team who can consistently move runners over.
Cozart is tied with teammate Bronson Arroyo and three other players for the most sacrifice bunts in MLB with 10. If he's going to struggle to get hits, at least he's doing their job when asked and moving runners over.
 They are also tied with another teammate, Phillips, for the most sacrifice flies in all baseball.
Those are often under-appreciated skills that are only brought up when a player can't get the job done.
Not many shortstops in the league are as good as Cozart defensively. Like many young players, they still have some tough stretches on defense, but they have been solid in the field.
Cozart and Phillips are arguably the best defensive middle infield in baseball. They can get to almost any ball and help their pitchers out.
Their slash line isn't impressive, but Cozart has shown promise with their ability to still be a productive player.
Division Rivals
Cozart has received the majority of the blame—besides manager Dusty Baker, of course—for the team not being in first place of the NL Central.
The Reds are currently in third place in the division but have a 4.5-game lead over the Arizona Diamondbacks in the Wild Card race. No other team is within nine games of the Reds.
If the Reds played in any other division, Cozart's struggles go unnoticed. Cozart is the victim of their team's success. The Reds are percentage points behind the Atlanta Braves for the third-best record in the NL.
Cincinnati is in a tough division, so let's take a look at how the shortstops in St. Louis and Pittsburgh are performing.
Name Team AVG R HR 2B 3B RBI OBP SLG Zack Cozart CIN .239 51 8 22 2 36 .266 .373 Pete Kozma STL .242 31 1 15 0 31 .285 .300 Clint Barmes PIT .217 12 2 9 0 10 .264 .290 Jordy Mercer PIT .275 20 4 12 1 16 .333 .402
The two Pittsburgh shortstops are batting a combined .245. Overall, the Pirates have a .224 average out of the shortstop position. Jordy Mercer has done a nice job lately and should continue to get playing time.
Neither of the teams that the Reds are chasing have gotten much out of their shortstops. In fact, Cozart has put up better numbers than their division foes.
Mercer has played in only 62 games this year, which is more than 30 games fewer than Cozart. Mercer has done well so far, but they still have to show that they can hit consistently. They hit only .210 in their brief time in the majors last year.
Let's not forget that Cozart went on a hot streak to begin last season. It was a smaller sample size, but they were hitting .277 in the middle of May last year. It shows that a player like Mercer could be in store for a rough stretch as the league figures them out.
The Cardinals and the Pirates have both posted better records with worse production out of their shortstops, so the Reds should be able to handle Cozart's low average.
Conclusion
Cozart needs to start hitting better for the Reds to make a serious run at the division. If they continue to struggle to hit for a decent average, it will be tough for the Reds to overcome a five-game deficit.
As long as they continue to play great defense and move runners over, they are still helping the team more than they are hurting it.
The teams ahead of the Reds are dealing with the same issue. However, they have been able to find other ways to win games. Clutch hitting has been the key for the Cardinals, and the Pirates have won with incredible pitching.
The NL Central owns the top three rotations in baseball, so this race will come down to who has the most consistent offense. So far the Cardinals are winning the battle. A late surge by Cozart and third baseman Todd Frazier would change the division race.
Cozart is only in their second full season and still needs time to adjust to major league pitching.
Cincinnati is in position to make the playoffs, so the team doesn't need to make a huge move to try to upgrade at shortstop. Cozart has been much maligned this season, but they continue to do everything they can to help the Reds.
*All stats are courtesy of MLB.com entering play on 7/28/2013
Are you in your teens/twenties and thinking of moving to a new country one day?
As someone who has lived in five countries (and now actively looking for the sixth), I have some advice – just a few friendly suggestions from one long-term nomad to a potential future one.
Finish that degree You may have heard about college drop-outs who became entrepreneurs, or of those who skipped post-secondary education entirely and hustled their way to success. While their stories are impressive, I strongly urge you to think twice before abandoning University. Let's be clear – I'm not cheerleading for higher education here. I have my doubts about the real worth of many degrees on offer today, especially when they come packaged with tens of thousands of dollars in student loans (condolences to U.S. readers). And I won't get into the STEM vs. non-STEM debate in this post. However, a (full Bachelor's or equivalent, internationally recognized) degree is an invaluable asset when planning a life abroad. For example: – Thinking of teaching English abroad at one point? A degree is a must these days, even in countries where enforcement has been lax in the past (e.g. China). – Seeking a temporary assignment abroad with your employer? You'll need a work visa in the host country, which will almost always require proof of higher education. – Looking to immigrate as a Skilled Worker? As you'll see on many foreign immigration websites, a University degree will literally add points to your application (and can make the difference between acceptance and rejection) In other words, a Bachelor's degree is useful – try to get one before you leave.
Don't try to time the job market I had a teacher in High School who often told us that their task is to prepare us for jobs that don't exist yet. Turns out they aren't kidding. It's tempting to try and predict the next big thing and “skate where the puck is going.” Now we hear predictions of powerful AI running the world, runaway climate change, genetic enhancements, oceans of nano-bots – and so on. While all of this may happen (and more), it's not easy to pin down exactly when major changes in our society and industry will take place. Chances are, it won't perfectly coincide with your graduation year. My advice is to focus on the essentials: – Learn to write well. Cut the length of your writing by 25% – whether it's an essay for school, an email to a coworker, or a text message. Then cut it down again (this is something I'm still working on). – Learn to communicate effectively. Not only as an effective speaker, but as a good listener. Make it a habit to arrange your thoughts before saying anything. – If you have the opportunity, learn a second language. It doesn't have to be Mandarin. Even if you don't attain a conversational level, the learning process will broaden your mind. – Become good at problem-solving. Get a strong foundation in math and the hard sciences (go online and take a free course from MIT if you have to). These subjects aren't scary – they are beautiful when taught correctly. Learn to break down problems and solve them in steps. Try at least one course in programming. – Take an intro course to Economics and Finance. Financial literacy is critical, yet sorely lacking today. Acquire a basic understanding of supply and demand, inflation/deflation, the capital markets, and so on. The idea is to prepare for anything that the world may throw at you, wherever you choose to go. Oh yeah, and don't try to time the stock market, either.
Spend some quality time alone Being can be a very productive activity. It's a chance to relax, breathe, and collect your thoughts in peace. This doesn't even have to happen regularly – a few sessions are all it takes to see the benefits. My preferred method is the long hike through the woods. This also happens to be great practice for long-term travel and expatriation. The first year of living abroad can be a genuinely lonely experience, especially if you are immersed in a culture that has fundamentally different values from what you're used to. It will take time to form friendships that run deeper than surface level – if you know that you can be comfortable alone, it will be that much easier to stay the course.
Solve your own problems first Moving to a new country won't automatically solve all your personal issues. In fact, unless you take care of all that before departure, it's likely to uncover new ones. Don't like the attitudes and values of those around you? Chances are, you can probably find a more like-minded crowd without even leaving your city, let alone switching countries altogether. Frustrated with your income level? Unless you have a job lined up (and a signed work contract), moving abroad isn't guaranteed to make you any more money than you are right now. Having relationship problems? Address the root cause, or you'll likely be having similar ones in your host country, too. Problems with family? This is a personal situation for everyone, but I'll wager that running far away (e.g. moving abroad) isn't going to fix the issue, but rather delay the hard but necessary conversations that have to take place. Note: there will always be cases in which people are left with little choice to but leave – I'm not addressing those here.
Work your way up to full expatriation Your move abroad can be sudden, but it doesn't have to be unexpected. At the very least, visit your target country for a week or two before making up your mind. I recommend going there alone – get a real sample of what the first few months might feel like. Similarly, try a place out for a year or two before committing to seek residency (and possibly citizenship). You may find that your enthusiasm wanes significantly, and that the novelty wears off. Alternatively, you may very well confirm that the new (host) country is a far better fit. In any case, trial periods give you options.
I don't like being vocal about my problems. It's scary and uncomfortable. It feels as if there's so much wrong with me, so much to be fixed. I suffer from asthma, which makes my body feel weak. Training with others is a nightmare because even the least fit ones outrun me. I also suffer from anxiety, extreme worrying, and fear of failure. It doesn't matter that I'm extremely smart, I still doubt myself too often and think I'm not capable of accomplishing anything. And to add to all that mess, I didn't have the best childhood and also crossed paths with too many assholes.
Just thinking about all these things makes me feel ashamed of myself. Writing about them feels wrong. I'm ‘high functioning', so people usually don't notice that there's anything wrong with me. I'm smart, hold a good job, have a stable income, and I have a boyfriend and great friends. I rent my own apartment, I rarely drink and I'm not a drug addict. I never harmed myself, never tried committing suicide and I've never taken off time from work because of my problems.
My problems are invisible and easy to hide
My mind may do over time, be filled with worries, worst case scenarios, and what-ifs, but I rarely feel emotionally drained. I rarely feel tired because of it. I don't hyperventilate or get (visible) panic attacks at work. My therapy appointments are after working hours as well. People don't know there's anything wrong. They don't know about my irrational fears, my worries, my doubts or my worst-case scenarios.
It's easier to let them think I'm ok. It's easier to not write about my problems. It's easier to write the fluffy clickbait articles. It's easier to ignore my problems. Every time I publish a personal post I'm scared to read the responses.
What will people think of me? Will they think I'm stupid? Stop reading my blog? Unsubscribe? What if someone I know reads this? Will they stop being my friend? Will I get fired?
Stigma around mental health won't be removed by writing Buzzfeed articles about cat facts
It would be so much easier to just stick to writing reviews all the time, or to only post pictures of the Norwegian fjords, or write about my cat. But that's not what I want. I want to help to create an environment where people aren't afraid to speak up. You're not stupid because you have problems. You're not a lesser person because you have flaws. It's ok to have problems. It's ok to be imperfect.
I'm a good developer, a good worker, a good leader, a good person, a good friend, and a good lover. I may doubt myself, I may be scared a lot, I may run out of breath all the time. But I'm not weak, stupid or weird. I'm the same person I was yesterday before I spoke up. I'm the same person you always thought I was, I just have some flaws. I'm not perfect, but I'm human.
Having flaws doesn't mean being imperfect, but being human
I want people to know it's ok to be imperfect, it's ok to have mental or physical problems, it's ok to be scared and it's ok to make mistakes. I want people to know that it's ok to step forward and open up. It's ok to talk about your problems. It's ok to show the world your imperfections. The rest of the world isn't perfect either, they're just hiding their flaws just like I used to hide mine.
I want to live in a society where all of this is ok. Where having problems doesn't mean being imperfect, but being human. A society where people can talk about their issues and collectively work on improving them.
And the best way to achieve that is by setting an example and stepping forward myself. Putting my fears and doubts and worst case scenarios aside for a moment and just hit publish and give the world a peek into my life and show everyone they're not alone.
I don't like being vocal about my problems, but I do it anyway. Because it's important, because it's needed and because it might help someone.
Help me raise awareness by sharing this post with your friends.
This month marks the first anniversary of the publication of Pope Francis' encyclical Laudato si'. Upon reading it, I was struck by certain parallels of thought between it and something I had not initially expected to be relevant: Pope St. John Paul II's Theology of the Body. However, if we are to emphasise the importance of the body in Catholic teaching, the environment in which that body resides must also be important. These parallels may in places be broad, to be sure, but the nature of Catholic thought is such that its themes echo throughout many different issues, and so I offer these comments as starting points for reflection on both Laudato si' and the Theology of the Body.
In the Beginning
Both Francis and John Paul want to understand just what humans were created to be, and so they examine the creation stories in Genesis. John Paul is most explicit; in their first audience of the many that constitute the Theology of the Body, they reflect on what it means to Jesus to say that in the beginning, divorce was not part of God's plan. In their exploration of what it means to be “in the beginning,” they conclude that it is an appeal to reflect on how humans were originally created and how we existed in a state before sin, when we were not separated from God and could stand before each other without shame. In seeing how God originally intended man and woman to relate to each other, John Paul believes that we can see how man and woman should still relate to each other. This knowledge is essential because masculinity and femininity are so closely tied to the basic meaning of human existence; being able to understand what it means to be a man or a woman does not simply provide us with a correct way of living one's life, but a way of fulfilling our nature as human beings.
Francis similarly wants to get at “the heart of what makes us human.” Like John Paul, they turn to Genesis in order to understand the primordial elements of human nature, but their focus is the original relationship between the first humans and the earth itself. Ultimately, they say, “We were created with a vocation to work.” Work, especially care of the earth, is fundamental to being human. In knowing the original human vocation, and seeing how the first humans were told to keep the earth, Francis believes that we can see the standard by which our present relationship with the earth should be judged, but again, this standard is not merely the recommended course of action. Understanding this standard provides a way to be most fully human. By appealing to the creation stories, Francis and John Paul emphasise that they are not only concerned with how we should act, but how we should be.
Human Dignity
What, exactly, might this right human existence look like? In part, it will involve a concern for the dignity of others. As John Paul says, “Each of them, the man and the woman, is not only a passive object, defined by their own body and their own sex, and in this way determined ‘by nature.' On the contrary, precisely through being man and woman, each of them is ‘given' to the other as a unique and unrepeatable subject, as ‘I,' as person.” As humans, we are not merely members of a species, but are persons who can choose to give ourselves to another. We are created in the image of God, Who is love, Who gives Himself to us, and so we are like Him. Sexuality involves us in the mystery of creation, allowing us to rationally and lovingly participate in the ongoing process of new life coming into the world, and therefore grants us an unimaginable dignity amongst other creatures. Moreover, it compels us to recognise other beings as being precious and individual persons bearing the image of God and possessing the same dignity we do.
Much of Francis's concern for how humans treat the world is in fact tied to their concern for human dignity; they immediately notes that “the destruction of the human environment is extremely serious… because human life itself is a gift which must be defended from various forms of debasement.” They describe how the poor bear the greatest burden of environmental degradation, and how they are frequently victims of a throwaway culture that disposes of used things and useless persons, even though we should “see each human being as a subject who can never be reduced to the status of an object.” When persons live in an environment that is damaged by various sorts of pollution, for example, they may not be able to grow food or find drinkable water, and thus must struggle merely to exist.
The danger in the cases of both the environment and the body is that, because they are so rich with goodness, we will become motivated by the desire to just consume them. We can be overcome by the want to extract every resource, and every ounce of pleasure. In these cases, we see ourselves as having dominion over the world, instead of being its keepers, or cease to see others as “thou,” but merely as “it.” The relationships at the foundation of our humanity become disordered, and we begin to take instead of receiving gifts, or giving ourselves. The world is not something that has no meaning save than which we impose upon it, or an empty stage on which we can display our powers. As Marc Barnes of Bad Catholic writes in America Magazine,
Sexuality and the land both have a life of their own. The cycles of the land, determined by soil, weather and biology, exist quite apart from the decisions of the farmer. Nor do we control the cycles of sexuality, which are governed by desire, fertility and menstruation.
It is therefore actually quite appropriate to link the body and the earth, as they are both others which give to us, and with which we must cooperate in order for them to bear fruit most effectively. The very nature of a sexual body implies another being. Barnes describes a farmer who “uses what is given, and only because it is ‘already going on' can they use it at all. Theirs is a work of cooperation with the land, not sheer mastery over it.” As co-creators, we cannot ourselves bring things into being, but must instead allow ourselves to understand and accept how creation already functions.
Furthermore, it is in fact essential to associate the earth and the body because John Paul highlights how the body is what manifests the person in the world. We are not merely spirits who will one day be liberated from the material; in our creed, we profess looking forward to the resurrection of the dead, which underlines just how essential to our being we believe our bodies to be. Therefore, the environment in which our bodies reside should be used in such a way so that we may thrive.
Finding God in all Things
We do not believe in a watchmaker deity who designs a universe and steps away from it, but in a God in Whom all things live, move, and have their being, and both Popes emphasise the structures of sexuality and creation reflect this. When it comes to the nature of the human body John Paul argues that “man became the image of God not only through their own humanity, but also through the communion of persons, which man and woman form from the very beginning.” They then goes further, saying, “The theology of the body, which is linked from the beginning with the creation of man in the image of God, becomes in some way also a theology of sex, or rather a theology of masculinity and femininity.” Just as the Trinity is a communion of persons giving themselves to each other and giving life, humans, bearing the image of God, give themselves to each other and play the role of co-creators, bringing about new life. The sexual nature of a body is not something that only points to another body, but also helps us to understand, however inadequately, something about God's nature.
Along these lines, Francis approvingly quotes the Canadian bishops, who call nature “a continuing revelation of the divine,” and themselves says that “the contemplation of creation allows us to discover in each thing a teaching which God wishes to hand on to us.” Creation is a way of encountering God. One example of this is natural law, the idea that the right use of things is knowable by understanding for what end they are made, and so the correct moral use of things is written into the very structure of creation.
When we are not able to actually see creation, and feel awe at its vastness, or at the profundities of love, but can see only the things that we have built, and believe that we can (or will be able to) describe every last natural happenstance in the most minute detail and thus can say we understand the universe, we can forget that God is the true Creator, and that we are only using what They have given us, and that we have limited powers. Personally, it still surprises me that this Jesuit pope never cites the Jesuit poet Gerard Manley Hopkins, famous for their poems about how the world reveals God through Their boundless creativity, about how the “world is charged with the grandeur of God.”
In Laudato si' and the Theology of the Body, Francis and John Paul are concerned with how God is visible in the world and right human existence. In a world without God, we are no longer co-creators, but creators, and we must decide for ourselves how to be, even though we cannot assign to the environment or our bodies any lasting meaning. A true humanism, therefore, cannot stand without good theology. Secular humanism can only appeal to a randomly created universe populated by a species whose history is one of sin, while a Catholic humanism has a more sure foundation: a nature which reflects the Creator.
Essential Wax series is an intimate look into the record collections of some of the world's most beloved artists. Hear from the creators of some of your favorite records about the records that had a big impact on them and in turn influenced their work.
Will Oldham has been writing and performing music for nearly 25 years under various names including string of Palace variations (Palace Brothers, Palace Songs, Palace Music) from 1993-97, their own name, and since 1998 under probably their best known moniker, Bonnie “Prince” Billy. Though the name might change, one thing that's always consistent is their characteristic sound that marries Americana, country, folk, roots and indie rock. Prolific barely even covers it for this Louisville singer-songwriter and actor, who is constantly recording and boasts an extensive and varied output.
Earlier last year, Oldham began working on a Merle Haggard tribute album, “Best Troubador“. “I wanted to make a Merle record for the Merle that I was in love with by going through and finding the adorable side of Merle Haggard as a singer and as a songwriter,” Oldham tells The Guardian. “I wanted to show people that he's awesome in a completely different way than I feel like they get recognition for being awesome.” Sadly, Haggard passed away in April of last year, before they were able to hear the finished album, an experience eerily similar to Haggard's ‘My Farewell To Elvis‘ album. While Oldham isn't entirely sure “Best Troubador” would have appealed to Haggard, they thought they should do their best to try. The result is an earnest, delicate and sweet record.
In celebration of “Best Troubador”s release, Will Oldham took the time to tell us about their favorite Merle Haggard records and why these are particularly meaningful to him.
Check out Bonnie ‘Prince' Billy's favorite Merle Haggard records:
1. I Am What I Leave it to Merle to elevate the hackneyed title with a monster record and a monster title song. Monster like Where The Wild Things Are monster. The book not the movie. “How Did You Find Me Here” tags with a credit to Our Lord, but our lord is everyone and one's self. And to hear that Merle gets off on banda trumpets, or it least that they sing that they do, in “Mexican Bands” is pretty affirming.
2. Back To The Barrooms From 1980, big tight and smooth. The blue eyes match our BEST TROUBADOR eyes. Merle inserts themselves here and there, to good effect on Hank Jr.'s “I Don't Have Any More Love Songs”. The other day I heard the Tommy Collins song from which Merle's folks lifted the “Leonard” riff. That was a pleasant surprise, though I can't recall the name of the jammer.
3. Serving 190 Proof This one's almost too good. Hag puts feelings into music that others haven't before or since, “Got Lonely Too Early This Morning” being a prime example. “My Own Kind of Hat” is radical gentle wordplay at its finest. “Roses in the Winter” is our song, mine and my wife's. And when Hag says, sweetly and matter-of-factly, “I'll fight my rage and hit the stage” we realize we can trust them because they trust us.
4. Haggard Like Never Before In 2003, Merle Haggard was in the middle of a sweet little run of self-released records, on the Hag label. This is the focused high-point, fun, frank, lusty. That's a good character name: 'Fun' Frank Lusty. Maybe that's who is singing all of these songs. We've performed Hag's “Because of Your Eyes” (from this record) more than any other of their songs.
5. Down Every Road (1962-1994) This is a 4-CD compilation that Capitol put out in the mid-1990s. It's the most efficient and effective general overview of a great recording artist that I've encountered. The songs are presented in chronological order and cover Hag's work from the early days up until 1994. There's also a few powerhouse Bear Family boxes that are for the deep diver.
6. 1996 Recorded in Merle's Talley Studio, this was the game-changer for me. There's no questioning everything Haggard did up to this point, it's tremendous. It's just that in 1996, they started making records for them and his, without taking potential airplay into account. That's how it sounds and feels. I particularly love the way that the guest singers' voices (from Dwight Yoakam, Bob Teague, Buck Owens, and John Anderson) sit in the mix with Merle's voice. Their take on Iris DeMent's “No Time to Cry” is a master class in song ownership.
Get a copy of ‘Best Troubador‘ and explore Bonnie “Prince” Billy‘s full back-catalog on Discogs!
NEW YORK (AP) — As Americans debate the expanding campaign to legalize marijuana, two of the nation's most prominent human rights organizations are urging a far bolder step — the decriminalization of possession and personal use of all illicit drugs.
Human Rights Watch and the American Civil Liberties Union jointly issued the call Wednesday in a detailed report contending that enforcement of drug laws has unjustifiably ruined lives, torn families apart and fueled racial discrimination while failing to curtail rampant drug abuse in the U.S.
“Every 25 seconds someone is funneled into the criminal justice system, accused of nothing more than possessing drugs for personal use,” said Tess Borden, the report's author. “These wide-scale arrests have destroyed countless lives while doing nothing to help people who struggle with dependence.”
Borden acknowledged that broad decriminalization of drug use, whether by Congress or state-by-state, is unlikely in the near future. They hope the report will spur action at the state and federal level to invest more funds in treatment programs and to reclassify drug use and possession as misdemeanors rather than felonies.
Though four states have legalized recreational marijuana use, and five more will vote on that step next month, no state has decriminalized personal use of other common illicit drugs such as cocaine and heroin. Possession of them is often classified as a felony.
According to the new report, state law enforcement agencies make more than 1.25 million drug possession arrests per year — one of every nine arrests nationwide. Regarding racial disparities, the report said black adults use drugs at similar or even lower rates than white adults, yet are more than twice as likely to be arrested for possession.
The report argues that the decades-long “war on drugs” has failed, with rates of drug abuse still high. It says criminalization of drugs tends to drive people who use them underground, making it less likely they will get treatment and more likely they will be at risk of disease and overdoses.
However, Michael Ramos, district attorney of San Bernardino County in California, said decriminalization would pose “huge dangers.”
They predicted that property crime would increase as drug users carried out thefts to maintain their habits. They also said rehabilitation programs would wither if drug abusers no longer had the threat of incarceration as an incentive to participate.
“Once you legalize all drugs, there's no motive for those people to get help,” they said.
However, Ramos acknowledged that most state prisons and jails should be doing a far better job of providing effective rehabilitation programs for convicted drug users.
“Right now, what we're doing is putting them in and turning the key,” they said. “There's not much help there.”
In compiling their report, Human Rights Watch and the ACLU said they interviewed 149 people prosecuted for using drugs in Louisiana, Texas, Florida and New York, 64 of them in custody.
Rob Reardon, former director of corrections, Lafayette Parish, La. “If we're able to engage with these people before entanglement with the criminal justice system, everybody's a winner.”
Among them was Corey Ladd, who — because they had two prior drug arrests — is serving a 17-year sentence in Louisiana for possessing a half-ounce of marijuana. They have a 4-year-old daughter who has never seen them outside prison; she's being raised by their grandmother.
“The sheer harshness of the sentence shocks the conscience,” Louisiana's appeals court wrote in April, when it asked that Ladd be resentenced to a lesser term. But prosecutors held firm and appealed that ruling; Ladd's case is now headed to the state Supreme Court.
Ladd's public defender, Kenneth Hardin, said Louisiana's highest-in-the-nation incarceration rate stems directly from its hardline approach to drug abusers.
“The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over and expecting a different result,” they said. “We've been throwing these drug users in jail. Has that made the streets feel safer? Has that changed the crime rate?”
Mario Moreno, spokesperson for the Office of National Drug Control Policy, said the Obama administration favors a balanced approach that would divert non-violent drug offenders into treatment programs rather than prisons.
“We cannot arrest our way out of the drug problem,” they said in an email.
One such diversion program is being launched in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, by Rob Reardon, a former director of corrections in nearby Lafayette Parish.
“If we're able to engage with these people before entanglement with the criminal justice system, everybody's a winner,” they said. “Some people have to go to jail because they are dangerous — but the vast majority are there because they're poor decision-makers.”
In Western Europe, many countries have adopted approaches to drug abuse that are less punitive than in America. Portugal has gone the furthest, deciding in 2001 to decriminalize the acquisition, use and possession of illicit drugs in quantities up to a 10-day supply. Rather than facing prosecution, drug abusers are likely to be referred to treatment programs.
According to various evaluations, including a United Nations study, the policy has been a success, lowering the number of overdose fatalities, encouraging more people to seek treatment, and reducing the financial toll of drug abuse.
However, Steven Belenko a professor of criminal justice at Temple University, noted that the U.S. differs dramatically from Portugal, where there was a consensus in favor of decriminalization that spanned much of the political spectrum and extended to law enforcement agencies.
“We don't have a consensus,” said Belenko, though they suggested that an increasing number of Americans were questioning the efficacy of a punitive approach to drug abuse.
“We've got to see it more than public health problem, not as a crime problem,” they said.
