Skype, OneNote and OneDrive are all preloaded on the new Samsung Galaxy S6 devices being shown by the smartphone maker at Mobile World Congress, according to multiple reports out of the event today in Barcelona, Spain.
The sightings confirm earlier reports indicating that Microsoft worked out the pre-installation as part of the patent settlement announced between the two companies.
Official specs for the Galaxy S6 and new Galaxy S6 Edge also note that users will get 115GB of storage on Microsoft's OneDrive cloud service for two years.
It's an important move for Microsoft as the company tries to expand its services and apps further beyond Windows devices. We've contacted Microsoft to find out more details. Previous reports said that the core Microsoft Office apps would also be included, but they aren't installed on the devices being shown at the event.
Microsoft's deal with Samsung doesn't appear to be exclusive. The spec sheet for the Galaxy S6 also notes that the Galaxy S6 will come with a long list of Google apps and services, including Chrome, Gmail and many more.
On June 7, 2011, two Saudi columnists – the liberal Khalaf Al-Harbi, of the Saudi daily 'Okaz, and Fawaz Al-'Ilmi, of the Saudi daily Al-Watan – published articles comparing Israel's situation to that of the Arab countries. Al-Harbi opined that the secret to Israel's success lay in its democratic regime and its respect for the human rights of its citizens, while Al-'Ilmi wrote that Israel's prosperity was due to its investment in education and science. It should be noted that these articles are a rare phenomenon in the Saudi government press. Following are excerpts of both articles:
Al-Harbi: "Do We Really Still Believe that Israel Is a Temporary Entity Bound to Disappear?"
Al-Harbi wrote: "When we were young, the teachers exhausted us by reiterating that Israel is, without question, a temporary and transient country. When we got old enough to read, newspapers and books filled our heads with reasons why Israel could not [continue to] exist in its Arab surroundings. For years, we waited for the moment when Israel would disappear, and here we are [today, witnessing] the moment when the Arab countries are beginning to topple, one after the other.
"A few days ago was the 44th anniversary of the naksa [i.e., the defeat in the 1967 war], when Israel swallowed up Arab lands... A week or more ago, [Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin] Netanyahu delivered a brilliant speech before the American Congress in which they emphasized that Israel would not return to the 1967 borders. This statement means that Israel has achieved such a degree of complacency and tranquility that it is no longer willing to negotiate even over those lands it has admitted to occupying [in 1967], much less... over the lands it occupied in 1948. Do we really still believe that Israel is a temporary entity bound to disappear?
"Perhaps Israel will disappear in another 100 or 200 years, as no one can foresee what will happen in the future. However, looking at the current state of its Arab neighbors, I see addled countries, political entities that lack the ability to maintain their national unity, and armies that are not trying to wipe out Israel so much as to wipe out their own peoples...
"The secret to Israel's survival, despite all the great challenges it has faced, lies in democracy and respect for the worth of the [Israeli] individual, regardless of [Israel's] racism and brutality vis-à-vis its Arab enemies. The secret to the collapse of the Arab countries, one after another, lies in dictatorship and in the oppression of the individual... It is impossible for an Arab country, a neighbor of Israel, to succeed in liberating Palestine while denying dignity to individuals [within its own borders].
"Israel won war after war, and scooped up Arab lands larger than [Israel itself] in both size and population. It then went on [to develop] manufacturing, industry, and invention. The [average] income there is double [the average income] in the neighboring Arab countries. [Israel] has rendered itself an inescapable fact. Throughout all stages [of its development], it drew its power from the honor it granted to its citizens, while its Arab neighbors trampled the [poor] creatures known as their citizens under military boots.
"If only we could get in touch with our teachers to let them know that Israel still exists, while the Arabs are headed for destruction. In order to know who will remain and who will perish, one must always check who has democracy, human rights, and social justice."[1]
Al-'Ilmi: Israel Is at the Pinnacle of Scientific Research, the Arabs at Its Nadir
Al-'Ilmi wrote: "...Tawasul[2] is the official website of the Israeli Foreign Ministry, and, unlike Arab websites, it updates its entries every 12 minutes around the clock and offers them in Arabic, Hebrew, Farsi, English, French, and Russian. On January 20, the website published a report which revealed that the only registry in the world for Arab bone marrow donors is located in the Hadassah Medical Center, associated with the Hebrew University in Jerusalem. It should be noted that the Arabs living in Israel constitute no more than 1.2 million of the world's Arabs, who number upwards of 400 million.
"The report, prepared by Avigayil Kadesh, notes that Dr. Amal Bishara, who oversees organ donations at the Hadassah Medical Center – an Arab woman with a doctorate in life sciences and immunology – has single-mindedly visited more than 60 Arab villages and cities since the bone marrow registry was founded in 2008. [She did so] to further their own research and to supplement the Jewish registry, which has been active at the hospital for 22 years. Through lectures and social networking, the Arab doctor added 9,000 [Arab] donors, thereby enabling six [transplants] of donated bone marrow... It should be noted that 60% of Arabs [in need of such transplants] find donors within their families, and 90% of the requests for bone marrow transplants are for Arab children suffering from hereditary diseases due to consanguineous marriages.
"Before these Arab [donors] were registered, the Hadassah Medical Center largely failed to expand its donor registry, or to [arrange] donations from Jew to Arab or vice versa. But, thanks to the Arab doctor, perceptions have changed, and Arabs and Jews are willing to donate bone marrow [to one another] in order to save the life of someone they don't even know.
"This year, Israel published numerous scientific studies that put it in first place worldwide in terms of the number of studies [published] per capita – 12 studies to every 10,000 people. America is in second place, with 10 studies [to every 10,000 people], followed by Britain, with nine. As for the Arab countries, they are all at the bottom end of these statistics.
"Reports on the gaps in science and technology between the Arabs and Israel show that the annual education expenses of the [average] Arab citizen has dropped to $340, while in Israel it is more than $2,500. Indices... that measure income, education, and health levels place Israel at 23rd place worldwide, while Egypt has dropped to 199th place, Syria to 111th, Jordan to 99th, and Lebanon to 82nd. As for the number of scientists engaged in research per one million citizens, Israel has 1,395, versus 136 in the Arab world... UNESCO's statistics indicate that, on average, scientific research expenses in the Arab countries do not exceed 0.2% of the annual budget, whereas in Israel the figure is 4.7%, placing it in first place worldwide...
"For ten years now, Israel has been forming strategic ties with scientifically advanced countries in order to merge [its research] with their research centers, and in order to encourage its scientists to take part in international development programs. Today, there are 21 international science companies in Israel... It knows before everyone else the results of [these companies'] studies, reaping their fruits and using their scientific expertise to advance Israeli inventions.
"The Israeli strategy in science and technology is based on finding new approaches in scientific research and technological invention by training new generations of scientists – especially in physics, chemistry, and the natural and social sciences, as [Israel] is convinced that these sciences will allow it to control the world and direct its course.
"Since 1949, Israel has established marine geology and nuclear physics institutes, as well as [institutes] for the study of desert regions and information technology. Israel makes use of scientific research and technological development to secure its coasts and meet its [other] strategic defense and security needs, and in order to protect the environment, discover and develop natural resources and use them before others, produce electricity, communications, and information technology, and research [alternative] energy..."[3]
The Philippine Stock Exchange index falls for the 5th consecutive day on Tuesday, a stretch that began after Duterte made a speech before top business leaders in which they joked about their penis and vowed to pardon themselves for mass murder
Published 5:43 PM, May 03, 2016
MANILA, Philippines – Philippine presidential favourite Rodrigo Duterte's vague economic plans and threats to kill thousands of criminals are spooking the financial markets, with one business leader warning on Tuesday, May 3, the trash-talking politician would bring anarchy.
The key Philippine Stock Exchange index fell on Tuesday for the fifth consecutive day, a stretch that began after Duterte made a speech before top business leaders in which they joked about their penis and vowed to pardon themselves for mass murder.
Ramon del Rosario, head of the prestigious Makati Business Club that hosted Duterte last week, wrote a column Tuesday in the Philippine Daily Inquirer criticizing the candidate's "distinct lack of respect for the rule of law".
"Without the rule of law, there will be chaos and anarchy, and no confidence in our country. Without confidence, there will be no investments, and without investments, there will be no jobs," del Rosario wrote.
With the key stock exchange index down 1.62% since Duterte's speech, analysts said investors were nervously waiting to learn more about their economic policies.
"They are not sure about their economic platform because Duterte has always emphasised their campaign on corruption and not what they would do about the economy," research chief April Lee Tan of Manila-based securities firm COL Financial told the Agence France-Presse (AFP).
"That uncertainty is causing a lot of investors to stay on the sidelines and wait and see how a Duterte presidency would pan out."
Duterte responded to feedback from the Philippines' prominent business people by admitting they aren't an expert on economic policies, which was why they planned to seek the help of the 'economic minds of the country' should they win on May 9. They said they would be willing to match the salaries that these economic experts get in the private sector to entice them to work for government.
Double-digit lead
Duterte, 71, enjoys a double-digit lead in the polls over 4 opponents ahead of Monday's national elections.
This is despite shocking the political establishment with their profanity-laced speeches, which have included cursing the pope and a joke about raping an Australian missionary who was murdered in a 1989 prison riot.
Analysts say their promises of quick fixes to crime and other deep-rooted problems resonate with voters who feel the six-percent economic growth delivered under President Benigno Aquino has failed to improve their lives.
Duterte has been the mayor of the major southern city of Davao for more than two decades. They claim to have fixed crime and thus enabled businesses to succeed there by a ruthless crackdown on criminals.
Their critics say Davao is not the utopian society portrayed by Duterte, and point to vigilante death squads that have killed more than 1,000 people there as an example of what the rest of the country can expect if they become president.
Aquino, who is limited by the constitution to a single 6-year term, warned last week in a thinly-veiled reference to Duterte that the country risked falling into dictatorship.
Duterte campaign manager Leoncio Evasco on Tuesday accused the Aquino government of orchestrating a "vilification campaign" against the front-runner. – Rappler.com
0 SHARES Share Tweet
WILMINGTON, DELAWARE (8/13/2016) Bridge deck repairs will require weeks-long lane closures on Interstate 495 south of Wilmington starting Aug. 18, the Delaware Department of Transportation announced Friday.
The work on the U.S. 13 bridge and and U.S. 13 ramp bridge is scheduled to begin Thursday in the southbound lanes.
The two left lanes will be closed initially, and when that work is done the two right lanes will be closed, DelDOT said. That means only a single lane will be open for traffic on the normally three-lane highway.
The work in the southbound lanes is expected to continue until mid-September, with northbound repairs to be scheduled later.
DelDOT said crews will be working in close proximity to the travel lanes and drivers should expect lane shifts.
Share Tweet Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
We were all stunned last June when we saw the reports come flooding in about the terrorist attack at Pulse nightclub in Orlando, Florida where 49 people were killed.
It was yet another painful reminder that radical Islam is on the march and will stop at nothing in their quest to kill Americans.
The shooter's wife, Noor Salman, appeared to be off the hook when it came to being connected to the crime but that all changed today.
They were arrested for obstruction of justice today.
From ABC News:
The wife of the gunman who carried out a mass shooting an Orlando, Florida, nightclub was arrested by the FBI today in San Francisco, the FBI and their lawyer said. Gunman Omar Mateen‘s wife, Noor Salman, was charged with obstruction of justice and with aiding and abetting Mateen's attempted provision and provision of material support to ISIL, the U.S. Attorney's office said, referring to the terror group also known as ISIS.  They are expected to appear in court on Tuesday for a first appearance, their lawyer told ABC News. Salman is expected to be extradited to Tampa, Florida, where they were indicted.
Chilling.
Here's more.
From Townhall:
Noor knew about the planned attack on the Pulse nightclub and failed to report the information to authorities according to NBC News: Noor told the FBI they were with them when they bought ammunition and a holster, several officials familiar with the case said. They told the FBI that they once drove them to the gay nightclub, Pulse, because they wanted to scope it out.
It's unimaginable that someone could know a devastating terror attack is coming and not say anything.
Hopefully, Salman will be punished to the fullest extent of the law.
Share Tweet Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
DISCLAIMER: Views expressed in articles do not necessarily reflect the views held by Sarah Palin.
The author of this article has included commentary that expresses an opinion and analysis of the facts.
For other uses, see Blue Lagoon
The Blue Lagoon is a 1980 American romantic survival drama film directed by Randal Kleiser from a screenplay written by Douglas Day Stewart based on the 1908 novel of the same name by Henry De Vere Stacpoole. The film stars Brooke Shields and Christopher Atkins. The music score was composed by Basil Poledouris and the cinematography was by Néstor Almendros.
It tells the story of two young children marooned on a tropical island paradise in the South Pacific. With neither the guidance nor the restrictions of society, emotional feelings and physical changes arise as they reach puberty and fall in love. The film contained a substantial amount of sexual content, and both main characters were depicted in the nude. This was controversial, as Shields was 14 years old at the time of the filming. A body double was used for all of their nude scenes and their breasts remained covered in frontal shots.
The Blue Lagoon was theatrically released on June 20, 1980 by Columbia Pictures. The film was panned by the critics, who disparaged its screenplay and execution and Shields's performance, although Almendros's cinematography received praise. In spite of criticism, the film was a commercial success, grossing over $58 million on a $4.5 million budget, becoming the ninth highest grossing film of 1980. The film received a significant amount of awards attention. It was nominated for the Saturn Award for Best Fantasy Film, Almendros received a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Cinematography, Atkins was nominated for the Golden Globe Award for New Star of the Year – Actor, and Shields won the inaugural Golden Raspberry Award for Worst Actress.
Plot [ edit ]
In the early Victorian period, two young cousins, Richard (Glenn Kohan) and Emmeline Lestrange (Elva Josephson), and a galley cook, Paddy Button (Leo McKern), survive a shipwreck in the South Pacific and reach a lush tropical island. Paddy cares for the children and forbids them by "Law" from going to the other side of the island, as they had found remains from bloody human sacrifices on an altar. They also warn them against eating a deadly scarlet berry.
Several years later, Paddy dies after a drunken binge. Now alone, the children go to another part of the island and rebuild their home.
Years pass and they grow into tall, strong teenagers. They live in their hut, spending their days fishing, swimming and diving for pearls. Richard and Emmeline (now portrayed by Christopher Atkins and Brooke Shields) begin to fall in love. This is stressful for them, because of their lack of education on human sexuality. Emmeline is frightened by their first menstrual period; they refuse to allow Richard to inspect them for what they imagine is a wound. Richard becomes physically attracted to Emmeline, but they do not reciprocate their feelings, inciting Richard to go off alone and masturbate.
A ship appears for the first time in years, but Emmeline does not light the signal fire. As a result, the ship passes by without noticing them. When Richard angrily confronts Emmeline about this, they tell them that the island is their home now and they should stay, to Richard's disbelief.
Emmeline secretly ventures to the forbidden side of the island and sees the altar. They associate the blood on the altar with the blood of Christ's crucifixion. They come to the conclusion that the altar is God, and tries to persuade Richard to go to the other side of the island to pray with them Richard is shocked at the idea of breaking the Law. They insult each other and Emmeline reveals they know about their masturbating and threatens to tell them Uncle Arthur about it. They throw coconuts at each other and they hit them on the head. Following the fight, Richard kicks Emmeline out of their hut.
Emmeline accidentally steps on a stonefish. Sick and weak, they plead with Richard to "take them to God." Richard carries them to the other side of the island and places them on the altar, offering a prayer to God. Emmeline recovers and Richard admits their fear of losing them
After Emmeline regains their ability to walk, they go skinny dipping in the lagoon and then swim to shore. Still naked, Richard and Emmeline discover sexual intercourse and passionate love. They regularly make love from then on. Emmeline becomes pregnant. Richard and Emmeline are stunned when they feel the baby move inside them and assume that it is their stomach causing the movements.
Emmeline gives birth to a baby boy, whom they name Paddy. Emmeline holds them and learns how to feed them as the baby instinctively starts suckling. The young parents teach Paddy how to swim, fish and build things.
A ship led by Richard's father Arthur (William Daniels) approaches the island and sees the family playing on the shore. When they notice the ship, they walk away instead of signalling for help, content with their lives. As they are covered in mud, their appearance is difficult to determine and Arthur assumes that they are natives.
One day, the family takes the lifeboat to visit their original homesite. Richard goes off and finds bananas for them, leaving Emmeline and Paddy with the boat. Emmeline does not notice when Paddy brings a branch of the scarlet berries into the boat. Emmeline and Paddy slowly drift away and Paddy tosses one of the oars out. Unable to reach the oar, Emmeline shouts to Richard and they swim to her, followed closely by a shark. Emmeline throws the other oar at the shark, striking it and giving Richard time to get into the boat. They are unable to retrieve the oars without risking a shark attack. They paddle with their hands to no avail; the boat is caught in the current and drifts out to sea.
After drifting for days, Richard and Emmeline awake to find Paddy eating the berries they had picked. Hopeless, Richard and Emmeline eat the berries as well, lying down to await death. A few hours later, Arthur's ship finds them. Arthur asks, "Are they dead?" The captain (Gus Mercurio) answers, "No, sir. They're asleep."
Cast [ edit ]
Brooke Shields as Emmeline Lestrange Elva Josephson as Young Emmeline
Christopher Atkins as Richard Lestrange Glenn Kohan as Young Richard
Bradley Pryce as Little Paddy Lestrange Chad Timmermans as Infant Paddy
Leo McKern as Paddy Button
William Daniels as Arthur Lestrange
Alan Hopgood as Captain
Gus Mercurio as Officer
Production [ edit ]
The Blue Lagoon. The Fiji crested iguana became known to herpetologists because of
The movie was a passion project of Randal Kleiser, who had long admired the original novel. They hired Douglas Day Stewart, who had written The Boy in the Plastic Bubble, to write the script and met up with Richard Franklin, the Australian director, who was looking for work in Hollywood. This gave them the idea to use an Australian crew, which Franklin helped supervise.[1]
The film was shot in Jamaica and Nanuya Levu, a privately owned island in Fiji.[2] The flora and fauna featured in the film includes an array of animals from multiple continents. As it turned out, the iguanas filmed on Fiji were a species hitherto unknown to biologists; this was noted by the herpetologist John Gibbons when they watched the film and after traveling to the island where the iguanas were filmed, they described the Fiji crested iguana (Brachylophus vitiensis) in 1981.[3] The lagoon scenes were shot in Comino Island, Malta and Champagne Bay, Vanuatu.[citation needed]
All of Brooke Shields' nude scenes were performed by the film's 32-year-old stunt coordinator, Kathy Troutt.[4] Shields did many of their topless scenes with their hair glued to their breasts.[5][6] Atkins appeared nude[7][8] (including frontal nudity[9]) in the film.
Underwater moving picture photography was performed by Ron and Valerie Taylor.[10]
Reception [ edit ]
Critical reception [ edit ]
The Blue Lagoon was panned by critics. It holds a score of 9% on Rotten Tomatoes out of 22 reviews.[11] Among the more common criticisms were the ludicrously idyllic portrayal of how children would develop outside of civilized society,[12][13][4] the unfulfilled buildup of the island's natives as a climactic threat[12][4] and the way the film, while teasing a prurient appeal, conspicuously obscures all sexual activities.[12][13] Roger Ebert gave the film 1½ stars out of 4, claiming that it "could conceivably have been made interesting, if any serious attempt had been made to explore what might really happen if two 7-year-old kids were shipwrecked on an island. But this isn't a realistic movie. It's a wildly idealized romance, in which the kids live in a hut that looks like a Club Med honeymoon cottage, while restless natives commit human sacrifice on the other side of the island." They also deemed the ending a blatant cop-out.[12] They and Gene Siskel selected the film as one of their "dogs of the year" in a 1980 episode of Sneak Previews.[14] Time Out commented that the film "was hyped as being about 'natural love'; but apart from 'doing it in the open air', there is nothing natural about two kids (unfettered by the bonds of society from their early years) subscribing to marriage and traditional role-playing."[13] Gary Arnold of The Washington Post similarly called the film "a picturesque rhapsody to Learning Skills, Playing House, Going Swimming, Enjoying the Scenery and Starting to Feel Sexy in tropical seclusion." They particularly ridiculed the lead characters' persistent inability to make obvious inferences.[4]
Box office [ edit ]
The film was the ninth biggest box office hit of 1980 in North America according to Box Office Mojo, grossing US$58,853,106 in the United States and Canada[15] on a $4.5 million budget.[16][17][18]
Awards and honors [ edit ]
Other honors [ edit ]
The film is recognized by American Film Institute in these lists:
Versions and adaptations [ edit ]
The Blue Lagoon was based on Henry De Vere Stacpoole's novel of the same name, which first appeared in 1908. The first film adaptation of the book was the British silent 1923 film of that name. There was another British adaptation in 1949. The 1980 version includes much more nudity and sex scenes than the 1949 version, though far less than the book.
The sequel Return to the Blue Lagoon (1991) loosely picks up where The Blue Lagoon left off, except that Richard and Emmaline are found dead in the boat. Their son is rescued. As Paddy's name is unknown to their rescuers, they are renamed Richard, after their father.
The movie was briefly parodied in a flashback scene of the movie Top Secret! (1984). The Quantum Leap episode "Leaping of the Shrew" guest-starred Brooke Shields and was about a young man and woman marooned on a deserted island. It was also parodied in the movie Going Berserk (1983) when John Candy reveals their recurring nightmare inspired by the movie. The end of the dream spoofs Christopher Atkins' masturbation scene when Candy is spotted masturbating by the jeering passengers of a ship that happens to pass by.
On December 9, 2011, the cable TV network Lifetime greenlit the television film Blue Lagoon: The Awakening.[20] It premiered on the channel on June 16, 2012. Atkins appears in the 2012 film as one of the teachers on the shipborne field trip where Emma and Dean are lost at sea and end up on an island.
DVD and Blu-ray [ edit ]
The Special Edition DVD, with both widescreen and fullscreen versions, was released on October 5, 1999. Its special features include the theatrical trailer, the original featurette, a personal photo album by Brooke Shields, audio commentary by Randal Kleiser and Christopher Atkins, and another commentary by Randal Kleiser, Douglas Day Stewart and Brooke Shields.[21] The film was re-released in 2005 as part of a two-pack with its sequel, Return to the Blue Lagoon.[22]
A limited edition Blu-ray Disc of the film was released on December 11, 2012 by Twilight Time. Special features on the Blu-ray include an isolated score track, original trailer, three original teasers, a behind the scenes featurette called An Adventure in Filmmaking: The Making of The Blue Lagoon, as well as audio commentary by Randal Kleiser, Douglas Day Stewart and Brooke Shields and a second commentary by Randal Kleiser and Christopher Atkins.[23][24]
Streaming [ edit ]
The 1980 movie was made available for streaming through services such as Amazon Video and Vudu.[25][26]
See also [ edit ]
A couple who rushed to organise their wedding after the groom was diagnosed with terminal cancer have enjoyed the big day courtesy of the kindness of strangers.
UK couple Laura and Steven Monks, who have been together for a decade, married last week after the charity Gift of a Wedding donated proceeds generated by the organisation's call-out for help on Facebook.
The pair, who have a toddler daughter Lydia, told the Metro they were overwhelmed with the generosity of strangers who helped them realise their dream.
(Steve Grogan Photography) ()
"We couldn't believe how kind strangers were being," Laura said.
The family were devastated when Steven was diagnosed with stage three bowel cancer, and told the disease was terminal in April this year.
They planned their wedding in just three months, and married in a Manchester hotel, near their home.
(Steven Grogan Photography) ()
"We had a magician, candy cart, cupcakes, a DJ, a florist, chocolate, photography, invitations, my wedding dress," Laura said, all paid for by the donations.
The couple were engaged in 2013, but had a three-year savings plan for their wedding and to buy a family home.
"We spent years saving, and looking back now, we wish we had done things in moderation," Laura said.
© Nine Digital Pty Ltd 2019
This article is about the video game released from 1987 to 1994. For the 2004 edition, see Sid Meier's Pirates! (2004 video game)
Sid Meier's Pirates! is a video game created by Sid Meier and developed and published by MicroProse in 1987. It was the first game to include the name "Sid Meier" in its title as an effort by MicroProse to attract fans of Meier's earlier games, most of which were combat vehicle simulation video games. The game is a simulation of the life of a pirate, a privateer, or a pirate hunter in the 16th, 17th and 18th centuries.
Pirates! is set in the Caribbean. The Pirates! playing field includes the Spanish Main (namely the northern coast of South America), Central America and the Yucatán Peninsula, the entire Gulf of Mexico, Florida, and all Caribbean islands, plus Bermuda. The player is free to sail to any part of the above-mentioned lands, stopped by an invisible barrier southeast of Trinidad, all the way north to just northeast of Bermuda.
The game was widely ported from the original Commodore 64 version to numerous other systems. The Pirates! Gold remake, with minor improvements and better graphics, was released in 1993. An enhanced remake, also named Sid Meier's Pirates!, was released in 2004. Versions for mobile devices have also been released.
Gameplay [ edit ]
Pirates! is a single-player, open-world game. The player receives a letter of marque authorizing service as a privateer for the Spanish Empire, the Dutch Republic, the Kingdom of England, or the French colonial empire in the Caribbean. The player's loyalties may change over the course of the game; they may also hold rank with multiple countries and may turn to piracy at any time. Gameplay is open-ended; the player may choose to attack enemy ships or towns, hunt pirates, seek buried treasure, rescue long-lost family members, or even avoid violence altogether and seek to increase their wealth through trade. The game also has no predetermined end, although as time goes on, it becomes more difficult to recruit crew members. As the player character ages, fighting becomes more difficult, and deteriorating health will eventually force the character into retirement. The game ends when the player retires, at which point they are given a position in their future life, from beggar to King's advisor, based on accumulated wealth, land, rank, marital status, and other accomplishments.
The era of play is one of the choices given to a player at game-start. Different eras provide a different challenge, as political and economic power shifts between the four fledgling European empires. Choosing 1560 (the earliest choice) as the starting year places the player in the Caribbean almost devoid of influence but that of Spain, while 1680 (the latest choice) provides a mature Caribbean with many non-Spanish colonies and an overall higher degree of activity in the region. The other choices include 1600, 1620, 1640, and 1660, with the progressive effect of reducing Spanish dominance in favor of the other nations, while increasing seafaring traffic. Ship designs are also era-dependent, with some types of ships appearing more frequently in certain eras and less in others, and certain ship types being used near-exclusively by certain nations.
In this Macintosh version, graphics like terrain were painted with special glyphs in a custom font
The game tests a wide range of skills: hand-eye coordination during the fencing sections, tactical ability during the land and sea combat phases, and strategic thinking, for everything from choosing a wife to deciding when to divide up the plunder. Moreover, each game is likely to take a different course, as most events in the game are random, including the economic and political systems, and early in the game, these can greatly affect future strategic options. In the course of the game a player may try to tack in a frigate in order to run down a smaller and faster pinnace, but must be fortunate enough to have the weather gage.
One of the most innovative features of Pirates! is the introduction of a dynamic playing field. In Pirates! many of the most important factors which affect player decisions are randomized at the beginning of the game and continue to shift during gameplay. This not only creates a new experience each time the game is played, but also requires the player to remain flexible, and be ready to exploit possibilities when they occur. Changes happen whenever time passes and they are unrelated to player actions. In fact, in this game in the series, random events do not have any graphical representation, and the player can do nothing to prevent them.
The most important random factor in the game lies in the diplomatic relations between the four nations laying claim to the Caribbean. Relations may differ greatly from game to game, and can shift in an instant, creating and removing opportunities, possibly even for long periods of time. The player generally benefits from periods of war between two or more countries, because any aggression towards a country's ships or cities, which occurs often if not specifically avoided, will gain recognition with its enemies, prompting them to bestow the player with land, titles, and other benefits. During peacetime, the player can only benefit from the capture of pirates on the high seas, which is seen as favorable by all nations, but is a rare occurrence.
Cities are also dynamic, with statistics like wealth and population fluctuating constantly. The player can access any city's statistics. Knowing the statistics of a city helps the player plan ahead, especially with regards to trading or any desire to raid or conquer cities.
The original versions of Pirates! sported both disk and manual copy protections. Users were asked the time at which various treasure ships were arriving at the port. If the time was wrong, the game would continue, but at a much higher difficulty level that would frustrate most people.
Production [ edit ]
In early 1986, Meier and fellow MicroProse designer Arnold Hendrick wanted to create a role-playing adventure game, but Meier's business partner Bill Stealey was skeptical of producing non-vehicle simulations.[1] The company planned several game elements that it removed before release, including multiple NPCs per town, more detailed sailing including fleet actions, and a subplot involving religion and nobility.[2] Pirates!' success resulted in the similar Sword of the Samurai.[1]
With five successful years behind him, Microprose considered star designer Sid Meier a selling point and chose to put their name on the box of their next game, despite a shift away from combat simulators they had become known for.[3]
Meier in their interview said that "Pirates! was actually inspired by a technological trick" when "one of our programmers came up with a cool trick where we could create images, pieces of art, by packing them into a font. And that allowed us to very quickly bring in new pictures."[4]
Meier admits that Pirates! was not intended to provide an authentic, true-to-life recreation of historical piracy. “Pirates! was designed more around your fantasy of pirates than the actual reality,” they said in an interview. “That allowed you to bring in all the stuff from the movies, whatever you had read, whatever was in your imagination."[5]
Reception [ edit ]
Pirates! was a groundbreaking game in its era. Its puzzles appealed more to female gamers than previous products from MicroProse, a company known for military simulations like F-15 Strike Eagle.[2] Although other open-ended games had already been released, the style of player-directed gameplay in Pirates! led it to be the spiritual predecessor of countless others since, both by Sid Meier themselves (Civilization, Railroad Tycoon) and many others.[citation needed]
Compute!'s Gazette in 1987 praised the detailed gameplay with arcade and strategic aspects, stating that "the designers of Pirates! set themselves a variety of ambitious goals and succeeded on every count". The magazine concluded that the game "is a real treasure".[14] The game was reviewed in 1988 in Dragon #132 by Hartley, Patricia, and Kirk Lesser in "The Role of Computers" column. The reviewers gave the game 5 out of 5 stars.[9] Pirates! won many awards at the time of its release, including Computer Gaming World's "Action Game of the Year" for 1988,[15] and two Origins Awards: "Best Fantasy or Science Fiction Computer Game of 1987" and "Best Screen Graphics in a Home Computer Game of 1987".[16] Computer Gaming World gave Pirates! five stars out of five in a 1990 survey of historical strategy and war games,[8] and four stars in a 1993 survey of pre 20th-century strategy games, calling it "a genre breakthrough, this is a fascinating simulation of the Age of Piracy".[17] The Australian Commodore and Amiga Review noted excellent manual, educational and historical aspects.[18]
Orson Scott Card wrote in Compute! in 1989 that Pirates' use of an unusually strict copy protection was understandable because "the game is so good that even people who drive 55 mph might consider stealing it". They stated that Pirates! seemed misleadingly easy, with players discovering non-obvious nuances to the gameplay.[19]
In 1993 Computer Gaming World described Pirates! Gold as adding "three disks of graphical gold" to "a great game engine". The magazine stated that the game "has much to offer a new player and comes with the highest of recommendations", but warned those familiar with the original that "it was "not a significantly revised game with fresh game play".[20]
In 1989 Computer Gaming World named Pirates! to its Hall of Fame for games readers rated highly over time, with a score of 9.71 out of 12,[21] and Compute! gave it to Compute! Choice Award for Historical Game.[22] In 1990 Pirates! received the tenth-highest number of votes in a survey of Computer Gaming World readers' "All-Time Favorites".[23] In 1996, the magazine ranked it as the 18th best video game of all time, noting that the Amiga version was by far the best by then.[24] In 2004, readers of Retro Gamer voted Pirates! the 84th top retro game, with the staff noting that "people still play the original version, even though Sid Meier themselves produced later versions." In 2005, IGN rated it as the sixth greatest video game of all time.[25] In 2011, Polish web portal Wirtualna Polska ranked it as the fifth most addictive classic game "that stole our childhood".[26] In 2006, abandonware website Abandonia's Sebatianos reviewed Pirates! with "I was impressed by the superior graphics and sounds."[6]
In 1994, PC Gamer US named Pirates! Gold the 39th best computer game ever. The editors wrote, "We're recommending the new version of this old classic, because it looks so darn good and it'll be easier for most of you to get your hands on. But the award really goes out to the gameplay that made the original Pirates! great".[27]
According to Microprose, Pirates! Gold sold in excess of 450,000 copies by September 1997.[28]
Release history [ edit ]
The game was widely ported from the original Commodore 64 version,[29] first to the Apple II (1987), then later to the PC (1987), Apple IIGS (1988), Macintosh (1988), Amstrad CPC (1988), Atari ST (1989), Amiga (1990) and Nintendo Entertainment System (1991). The Nintendo Entertainment System port was developed by Rare and published by Ultra Games. Notably, tobacco is replaced as a trade item by "crops" because of Nintendo's family-friendly requirements.
The PC version was originally released in 1987 as a PC booter, stored on either two 5.25 disks or a single 3.5 disk. A DOS version was released in 1994 on CD-ROM in Europe, edited by Kixx. While pirated copies circulated as DOS versions, they were the original PC Booter code hacked into a DOS executable; no DOS version was released on floppy disks.[30]
The Pirates! Gold remake[31] was released for Windows 3.1, DOS, Macintosh, and Sega Genesis in 1993. It was also released on CD for the Amiga CD32 in 1994 with enhanced CD audio tracks. Sun sighting was not present in this version, and there were no special items. The game did, however, include several new features, such as extra missions assigned to the player by governors. The PC versions were fully modernized CD-ROM games, with VGA graphics, a MIDI score, mouse support, and a copy protection scheme requiring the player to identify the flag of a pirate ship sighted on the horizon.
An enhanced remake of 2004, also entitled Sid Meier's Pirates!, was released for Microsoft Windows,[32] Xbox, Xbox 360, Mac OS X,[33] Wii and PlayStation Portable.
Sid Meier's Pirates! Mobile was developed by Oasys Mobile in 2008. Mobile versions were later released for BlackBerry (2010) and Apple's iPad (2011). On April 20, 2012, a version for the Apple iPhone and iPod touch was released, published by 2K Games.[34] In addition, the game was ported over to the Windows Phone 7 on April 9, 2012.[35]
Tommo purchased the rights to this game and digitally publishes it through its Retroism brand in 2015.[36]
See also [ edit ]
The brainchild of Dr. Dre and Suge Knight; Death Row Records started off in 1991 as a label for West Coast rap artists to showcase their talents and receive much-needed hype during a time when East Coast rap dominated mainstream radio stations. Death Row Records reign of the rap industry in the 1990's was created on the philosophy of violence, corruption, and gang-related crimes. Suge Knight is from Compton, California and grew up in the midst of Mob Pirus territory and used funds from the Bounty Hunter Bloods to help create Death Row Records.
Want exclusive Tupac articles, videos, and investigations? Updated weekly on our Patreon.
Many of you may recall the notorious “Vanilla Ice” situation or how Suge Knight convinced Eazy E & Ruthless Records to release Dr. Dre from their contractual obligations. These are only a fraction of the brutal occurrences of Death Row Records; their chokehold on the music industry would have lasting effects for years-to-come. Over the decades, many high-profile musicians and associates have ended up on a Death Row Records “hit list” that seems to never cease. Even after the fall of Death Row Records in 2006, the mysterious deaths of its associates and enemies remain unsolved.
Here's a list of individuals connected to the web of theories surrounding Death Row Records.
Eazy-E
Eazy-E and Ruthless Records went head-on with Death Row Records with the diss song “Real Compton City G's” and a rivalry was born in rap history. This was only one instance of animosity between the two labels. Suge Knight allegedly terrorized Eazy-E and Jerry Heller with baseball bats and threats to release Dr. Dre from Ruthless Records.
Eazy-E died of complications from AIDS in March of 1995 and their death has remained suspicious due to certain details surrounding their case. Soon after Eazy's diagnosis, their health spiraled yet they didn't resemble the typical “AIDS” patient in terms of the physical condition. No women have come forward with claims of contracting HIV from Eazy-E and their wife (Tomica Wright) has no traces of the virus.
Suge Knight made a chilling statement on Jimmie Kimmel about “injecting AIDS” into people.
“See, technology is so high, right? So if you shoot somebody, you're going to jail forever,” they said. “So they got stuff where they get blood from somebody with AIDS, and they shoot you with it. So that's a slow death—that Eazy-E thing.”– Suge Knight
Ruthless Records associate and rapper Frost believes Eazy-E was injected with HIV after a four-wheeler accident; Eazy-E seeked to heal the injury at an acupuncture session. Eazy-E's son believes this father was murdered and it has gained traction since Suge's comments.
Tupac
Death Row Records provided the bond needed to released Tupac from prison in October 1995. Tupac signed a contract that would result in the production of three albums for their contractual obligation. “All Eyez On Me” counted as two albums since it was a two-disc production; the “Makaveli” album was their last album and would've released them from Death Row if they didn't sign another contract. Tupac wanted to upstart their own label called Makaveli Records and movie company under the name of Euphanasia.
Many disagree on their true intentions; would Makaveli records had been under the Death Row branch or did Tupac want to leave completely, similar to Dr. Dre's departure for Aftermath Entertainment? Would that be a motive for Suge Knight to kill them or did P-Diddy take personal offense to the diss record “Hit ‘Em Up” and decided it was time for Tupac to die? Or did Death Row Records associate Reggie Wright JR. and Suge Knight's Ex-Wife have a hand in the setup?
The life of Tupac Shakur came to a screeching halt in Las Vegas; they were there on September 7th, 1996 attending the Mike Tyson vs. Bruce Seldon boxing match. After leaving the fight, Tupac got into an altercation in the lobby of the MGM. At around 11:15 p.m. thirteen bullets smashed through the passenger side of the BMW Tupac, and Death Row Records CEO Suge Knight were riding in. Suge Knight sustained a head wound from a piece of glass; four of the bullets made their way into Tupac's flesh. Tupac was pronounced dead six days later on Friday the thirteenth. Many clues were left behind, and countless fans believe they faked their death.
Kadafi
The only eye-witness who told the cops they could possibly identify the shooters was Outlawz member Kadafi. Kadafi was shot and killed execution style November 10, 1996. The shooter later came forward and confessed, they were identified Roddy, a cousin of fellow Outlawz member Napolean. Kadafi was scheduled to look at a police sketch lineup for the Las Vegas Police Department through their lawyer David Kenner but this never flourished.
Different theories have arisen since Kadafi's death and a post on the Makaveli-Board.net attempts to describe the truth behind their murder —
“I'm not gonna say any names. Yak was indeed murdered by Napolean's cousin. Yak had gotten some work from someone and they sent dude to collect$ and Yak never paid up and because of that, they were murdered by Napolean's cousin. It wasn't an accident, they weren't playing Russian roulette what others had said it was murder. See yak wasn't the same after Pac got killed, they were paranoid to death and learned from Pac never leave home without ya gun and vest. They knew yak had their vest on and gun with them when they came to the projects. they knocked on the door and Yak girl told them the door, not thinking anything of it because of who it was Yak left their gun on the table and went in the hallway. As soon as they went in the hallway Yak was grabbed from behind from one of the dudes and Napolean's cousin pulled their gun out and pointed it in Yaks face asking where is the money u owe. Now they all were high because we all used to take pills back then. Yak so high thought it was a joke a said that little ass shit(380caliber) ain't going through my vest so they raised it to their head and shot them in the eye yak falling to the ground and them two ran off leaving Yak to die in the project hallway. Yaks girl was looking thru the peephole watching and listening to the whole thing…”
The Notorious B.I.G.
The West Coast/East Coast rap rivalry is responsible for the downfall of two of Hip-Hop's best-known musicians, Tupac and Biggie Smalls. On March 8th, 1997, Biggie was attending an after party at the Petersen Automotive Museum in Los Angeles, California. Biggie and entourage left the party 12:30 a.m. (March 9th) and while stuck-in-traffic at 12:45 a.m. – A black Chevy Impala pulled beside the Chevy Suburban Biggie was a passenger in; an African American male dressed in a blue suit and bow tie released gunfire. Four bullets from a 9MM blue-steel pistol hit Biggie in the wrist, the back, left thigh and the fatal wound through their right hip. Biggie was pronounced dead less than an hour later.
Suge Knight has been implicated in the “hit” and theories related to their gang affiliations have been at the forefront of police inquiries such as Detective Russell Poole's investigation. Biggie's murder remains unsolved but the chief suspect is former police officers David Mack and an associate.
Video footage released a few years ago has also led people to believe the shooter(s) were on-foot.
Johnny J
Johnny J was one of Tupac's favorite producers and contributed to albums such as “Me Against The World” and “All Eyez On Me”. Johnny J's beef with Death Row followed after Tupac's death; royalties from Tupac's albums were never paid and this caused Johnny J to seek financial retribution from the label. On July 27, 2008, Johnny J was arrested for a DUI in Los Angeles, California and sentenced to three years in prison.
On October 3, 2008, while incarnated at Twin Towers Correctional Facility, Johnny J somehow managed to sneak by Correctional Officers and jump to their death at 6:45 p.m. It took over 45 minutes for their suicide to be noticed. Theories around their death include a possible gang-related motive acted on the behalf of Blood or Crips members inside the Twin Towers Facility.
Russell Poole
Russell Poole was an LAPD homicide detective and private investigator who conducted the investigation into the death of Notorious B.I.G. and provided the best-known theories on the culprits to their murder. Poole implicated LAPD Officer David Mack and associate Amir Muhammad in connection with Biggie's death; this theory was featured in a 2001 documentary “Biggie & Tupac”.
Poole began to investigate new information on the deaths of Biggie and Tupac for an upcoming book “Chaos Merchants”. Russell Poole set up a meeting with the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department to discuss new details in the case. Poole attended the meeting along with four investigators connected to the Suge Knight 1 Oak Nightclub shooting in 2014 and another investigator; all who attended are unknown to the public. Russell Poole fell to their death from a suspected heart attack while discussing police corruption within the LAPD in regards to the murders of Tupac and Biggie Smalls. Russell Poole allegedly intended to apologize to Suge Knight after this “new evidence” pointed to Reggie Wright JR. and Suge Knight's ex-wife.
This is an official PROJECT ASTRAL article.
– Press Graye
Advertisements
Google has already scanned 10 million books in its bid to digitise the contents of the world's major libraries, but a copyright battle now threatens the project, with Amazon and Microsoft joining authors and publishers opposed to the scheme.
In recent years the world's most venerable libraries have played host to some incongruous visitors. In dusty nooks and far-flung stacks, teams of workers dispatched by Google have been beavering away to make digital copies of books. So far, Google has scanned more than 10 million titles from libraries in America and Europe – including half a million volumes held by the Bodleian in Oxford. The exact method it uses is unclear; the company does not allow outsiders to observe the process.
Why is Google undertaking such a venture, so seemingly out-of-kilter with its snazzy, hi-tech image? Why is it even interested in all those out-of-print library books, most of which have been gathering dust on forgotten shelves for decades? The company claims its motives are essentially public-spirited. Its overall mission, after all, is to "organise the world's information", so it would be odd if that information did not include books. Like the Ancient Egyptians who attempted to build a library at Alexandria containing all the known world's scrolls, Google executives talk of constructing a universal online archive, a treasure trove of knowledge that will be freely available – or at least freely searchable – for all.
The company likes to present itself as having lofty, utopian aspirations. "This really isn't about making money" is a mantra. "We are doing this for the good of society." As Santiago de la Mora, head of Google Books for Europe, puts it: "By making it possible to search the millions of books that exist today, we hope to expand the frontiers of human knowledge."
Dan Clancy, the chief architect of Google Books, offers an analogy with the invention of the Gutenberg press – Google's book project, they say, will have a similar democratising effect. They talk of people in far-flung parts being able to access knowledge as never before, of search queries leading them to the one, long out-of-print book they need.
And they do seem genuine in their conviction that this is primarily a philanthropic exercise. "Google's core business is search and find, so obviously what helps improve Google's search engine is good for Google," they say. "But we have never built a spreadsheet outlining the financial benefits of this, and I have never had to justify the amount I am spending to the company's founders."
It is easy, talking to Clancy and their colleagues, to be swept along by their missionary zeal. But Google's book-scanning project is proving controversial. Several opponents have recently emerged, ranging from rival tech giants such as Microsoft and Amazon to small bodies representing authors and publishers across the world. In broad terms, these opponents have levelled two sets of criticisms at Google.
First, they have questioned whether the primary responsibility for digitally archiving the world's books should be allowed to fall to a commercial company. In a recent essay in the New York Review of Books, Robert Darnton, the head of Harvard University's library, argued that because such books are a common resource – the possession of us all – only public, not-for-profit bodies should be given the power to control them.
The second, related criticism is that Google's scanning of books is actually illegal. This allegation has led to Google becoming mired in a legal battle whose scope and complexity makes the Jarndyce and Jarndyce case in Bleak House look straightforward.
At its centre, however, is one simple issue: that of copyright. The inconvenient fact about most books, to which Google has arguably paid insufficient attention, is that they are protected by copyright. Copyright laws differ from country to country, but in general protection extends for the duration of an author's life and for a substantial period afterwards, thus allowing the author's heirs to benefit. (In Britain and America, this post-death period is 70 years.) This means, of course, that almost all of the books published in the 20th century are still under copyright – and last century saw more books published than in all previous centuries combined. Of the roughly 40 million books in US libraries, for example, an estimated 32 million are in copyright. Of these, some 27 million are out of print.
Outside the US, Google has made sure only to scan books that are out of copyright and thus in the "public domain" (works such as the Bodleian's first edition of Middlemarch, which anyone can read for free on Google Books Search).
But, within the US, the company has scanned both in-copyright and out-of-copyright works. In its defence, Google points out that it displays only snippets of books that are in copyright – arguing that such displays are "fair use". But critics allege that by making electronic copies of these books without first seeking the permission of copyright holders, Google has committed piracy.
"The key principle of copyright law has always been that works can be copied only once authors have expressly given their permission," says Piers Blofeld, of the Sheil Land literary agency in London. "Google has reversed this – it has simply copied all these works without bothering to ask."
In 2005, the Authors Guild of America, together with a group of US publishers and publishers, launched a class action suit against Google that, after more than two years of wrangling, ended with an announcement last October that Google and the claimants had reached an out-of-court settlement. The full details are staggeringly complicated – the text alone runs to 385 pages – and trying to summarise it is no easy task. "Part of the problem is that it is basically incomprehensible," says Blofeld, one of the settlement's most vocal British critics.
Broadly, the deal provides a mechanism for Google to reimburse authors and publishers whose rights it has breached (including giving them a share of any future revenue it generates from their works). In exchange for this, the rights holders agree not to sue Google in future.
The settlement stipulates that a body known as the Books Rights Registry will represent the interests of US copyright holders. Authors and publishers with a copyright interest in a book scanned by Google who make themselves known to the registry will be entitled to receive a payment – in the region of $60 per book – as compensation.
Additionally, the settlement hands Google the power – but only with the agreement of individual rights holders – to exploit its database of out-of-print books. It can include them in subscription deals sold to libraries or sell them individually under a consumer licence. It is these commercial provisions that are proving the settlement's most controversial aspect.
Critics point out that, by giving Google the right to commercially exploit its database, the settlement paves the way for a subtle shift in the company's role from provider of information to seller. "Google's business model has always been to provide information for free, and sell advertising on the basis of the traffic this generates," points out James Grimmelmann, associate professor at New York Law School. Now, they say, because of the settlement's provisions, Google could become a significant force in bookselling.
Interest in this aspect of the settlement has focused on "orphan" works, where there is no known copyright holder – these make up an estimated 5% to 10% of the books Google has scanned. Under the settlement, when no rights holders come forward and register their interest in a work, commercial control automatically reverts to Google. Google will be able to display up to 20% of orphan works for free, include them in its subscription deals to libraries and sell them to individual buyers under the consumer licence.
"The deal has in effect handed Google a swath of intellectual copyright. It is a mammoth potential bookselling market," says Blofeld. They add it is no surprise that Amazon, which currently controls 90% of the digital books market, is becoming worried.
But Dan Clancy of Google dismisses the idea that, by gaining control over out-of-print and orphan works, Google is securing for itself a significant future revenue stream. They point out that out-of-print books represent only a tiny fraction of the books market – between 1% and 2%. "This idea that we are gaining access to a vast market here – I really don't think that is true."
James Gleick, an American science writer and member of the Authors Guild, broadly agrees. They say that, although Google's initial scanning of in-copyright books made them uncomfortable, the settlement itself is a fair deal for authors.
"The thing that needs to be emphasised is that this so-called market over which Google is being given dominance – the market in out-of-print books – doesn't currently exist. That's why they're out of print. In real life, I can't see what the damage is – it's only good."
It is by no means certain that the settlement will be enacted – it is the subject of a fairness hearing in the US courts. But if it is enacted, Google will in effect be off the hook as far as copyright violations in the US are concerned. Many people are seriously concerned by this – and the company is likely to face challenges in other courts around the world.
Over the coming months, we will hear a lot more about the Google settlement and its ramifications. Although it's a subject that may seem obscure and specialised, it concerns one of the biggest issues affecting publishing and, indeed, other creative industries – the control of digital rights.
No one knows the precise use Google will make of the intellectual property it has gained by scanning the world's library books, and the truth, as Gleick points out, is that the company probably doesn't even know itself. But what is certain is that, in some way or another, Google's entrance into digital bookselling will have a significant impact on the book world in years to come.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DENVER -- Lawmakers in Colorado are set to introduce a bill Tuesday that, if passed, could make it legal for terminally ill patients to choose. The "dying with dignity" issue is controversial.
An Oregon woman's choice to end their lives in that state made national headlines last year.
Daniel Chapman lives in Colorado and they hope legislators pass a dying with dignity bill here.
Home is the one place they feel most at peace. It's also the place they want to be when, as a sufferer of ALS, they breathe their last breath.
"Sadly is affects everything from muscles to legs to ultimately your diaphragm muscles that control breathing and most patients that expire is because of respiratory failure," they said.
As their body deteriorates, Daniel knows suffering will be painful for them and their family. So, they want a choice. "At that point my quality of life may be diminished enough that I want to set a date and be comfortable with that."
Daniel isn't allowed to choose when they die under Colorado law.
A bill being introduced Tuesday by Representative Lois Court would change that. "To me saving the individual and the family from that agony makes sense," they said.
The death with dignity law they propose would allow terminally ill patients to choose when to die.
The choice would require the approval of two doctors and there will be a mandate for the patient to go through a rigorous application process.
"These people aren't suicidal. This disease will kill them and they should pick the where, the when and significantly the with whom," Rep. Court said.
With each passing day Daniel thinks about how difficult the progression of their disease will be on their wife of 20 years. They want them and their beloved pets at their side when they finally let go. They say he's at peace with their decision and now they pray for compassion and understanding.
Incredible and fantastic final Bosses. Effective 360º circular navigation. Intense but simple gameplay!
Join in the adventures of the pirate clan. Sail the seas in search of islands and forts with treasures.
It is a world of fantasy where you will find unusual things like piggy boats, rare sea monsters and all types of strange objects.
Keep both treasures and enemies in sight with 360º navigation; a simple, yet very effective system.
Another ability of your fantastic pirate ship is that it jumps and dives, which is very necessary to dodge or jump over obstacles and move forward in the adventure.
The touch screen controls shooting, which means you will have intuitive and absolute precision.
Get special Items, such as the 'super cannon', which will give you total destruction power, devastating everything you find along the way. Or the 'flea ship' Item, where you become as small as an elusive flea.
Challenge your friends and everyone else with the 1-on-1 online mode. You'll be the world's greatest pirate of all time!!!
Map | Social Media
Update: California water regulators voted Tuesday to approve fines up to $500 a day for residents who waste water on lawns, landscaping and car washing.
Previously: California's top water officials meet Tuesday to consider bringing out the stick: mandatory limits on outdoor water use in cities. Even before Gov. Jerry Brown declared the current drought emergency in January, local water agencies have been trying the carrot approach, offering homeowners incentives to rip out their lawns.
Here are a dozen things to know about how these programs have been working locally.
Business is booming. The Metropolitan Water District and cities and agencies surveyed by KPCC say that current applications for lawn rebates far outpace all the payouts given since the programs started. For example, in Anaheim, they've paid out rebates for more than 80,000 square feet of turf removed since 2010. Just this year, they have applications for 110,000 more. Want to apply? It's quite likely that you'll go through the SoCal WaterSmart website. There you can estimate and apply for a rebate. The program requires that you apply for approval first, by reserving square footage up front and submitting several photos of what you're proposing to remove. Once approved, you have 4 months to complete the project. It's clear that price signals are a factor in widespread adoption of turf rebates. Bill McDonnell, director of conservation programs for the Metropolitan Water District, thinks $2 a square foot is ample incentive. “It's like, our rebate is going up and the cost of doing this is going down. And I think that we're at a nice little sweet point now at $2.” Anne Phillips isn't so sure.  They are a landscape designer who works with homeowners throughout the area. “I think with $3 a square foot, we are getting to the point where a landscaper can do it for the amount of the rebate,” they say. “But I will say a lot of people still don't know about it. I would say that less than half of the people who call me that want landscaping know about the rebates and I have to bring it up to them.” It's nearly impossible to know for sure how much water we use outdoors in Southern California. UCLA researchers estimate outdoor water use in Los Angeles at 54 percent of single family residential totals. “We believe that if there were indoor and outdoor water meters people would be able to understand the huge amount of water people actually use outdoors,” says Stephanie Pincetl, director of the California Center for Sustainable Cities at UCLA. “I would absolutely like to know,” says Max Hester, a homeowner who has kept their grass even though they know it costs. “Because having that information would then give me the tools to say, OK, well is this still worth doing given the costs of this particular action?” Los Angeles is ambivalent about thirsty landscaping. In the San Fernando Valley, the communities of Granada Hills, Canoga Park, Woodland Hills and Tarzana are the top participants in turf removal incentives. Elsewhere in L.A., West Adams and Westchester have also demonstrated strong interest in the program. Many people are conflicted on their own properties. Mar Vista resident Roberta Kessler replaced grass in their back yard, but not their front. “I think I would keep the front because although the lawn is not in the shape I'd like it to be in, it's still there and I like it,” they say. The city of Claremont has one of the highest rates of conversion. Four years ago, Claremont was paying $3 a square foot for turf replacement, according to the Three Valleys Municipal Water District. Since then the rebate dropped to $1 a square foot before going up to $2 in May. Three Valleys' Cindy DeChaine says, “Program demand has remained relatively stable," despite the fluctuations. Long Beach's "Lawn to Garden" program only pays to convert parkways and front yards. Long Beach has paid to convert lawns at more than 1,300 homes, representing around 2 percent of the city's single family housing stock. Through our Public Insight Network, we heard from plenty of people in Long Beach who raved about their city's program. Long Beach officials point out areas of lower adoption are predominantly commercial. All of Malibu has converted just over 700 square feet through this program. The city of Glendale hasn't yet converted any turf through an incentive program because it's just starting one up. Under SoCal WaterSmart, synthetic turf is eligible for rebates. But Glendale has had a prohibition on synthetic turf. The City of Glendale's Atineh Haroutunian says Glendale will have a turf removal incentive up and running within a couple of months. Less than one-tenth of one percent of potential convertible yard has switched from grass using rebates. Our estimate is based on several factors. One is a number of singe family homes, obtained via the state Department of Finance. Another is an estimate by the Public Policy Institute of California for average lot size in square feet. Obviously, we don't know how many Southern California lawns changed without rebates. Jeremy Levy, now a homeowner in Lake Balboa, grew up around Wilshire and Fairfax. “It was all just manicured lawns,” they say. “And about 10 years ago, 15 years ago it started changing so that there's a lot of people who have done the lawn replacement out there. I think it's a really nice change; it gives the neighborhood a lot more character.” Turf removal incentives for single-family homes aren't the only rebates towards slaking landscaping's thirst. As mentioned above, Metropolitan offers other rebates, including for irrigation controllers and for commercial properties. The city of Santa Monica offers what appears to be the most comprehensive range of rebates related to landscaping, including for turf removal, drip irrigation, and sprinklers. Santa Monica also pays for storm-water capture: up to $2,000 for a rain barrel or cistern, and up to $40 for a downspout redirect. Metropolitan Water District's board doubled its conservation budget from $20 million to $40 million in May. That's against a total budget of $1.6 billion. At least it exists: Metropolitan's conservation programs were, at one somewhat recent point, in doubt. Regional residential conservation programs were among those suspended when Metropolitan audited its conservation programs and found $14.2 million in backlogs. After an investigation, Metropolitan's board voted to pay the backlog and continue the programs.
MAP: How well is the "Cash for Grass" program working?
What does your yard look like? Have you ripped up your green grass or do you just love it? Here's what your fellow Angelenos had to say on Facebook and Twitter. Share your pics with us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram using the #myyard. To become a KPCC source, share your insights here.
See photos of SoCal yards.
Most teardowns show a list of fairly predictable features or changes, but every once in a while something will turn up that isn't so expected. A look inside the recently released Android Pay v1.10 update is a good example. The typical things can be found, like a line about a second tier for loyalty programs and some stuff to encourage users to visit nearby vendors, but the really interesting bit is some text about a "game" that may have real prizes.
We haven't seen any signs to suggest new features have actually gone live with this update, but keep an eye out for things that may be tied to a specific account or only show up under special circumstances. As usual, there's a link at the bottom where you can download the latest apk for quick installation.
Teardown
Disclaimer: Teardowns are based on evidence found inside of apks (Android's application package) and are necessarily speculative and usually based on incomplete information. It's possible that the guesses made here are totally and completely wrong. Even when predictions are correct, there is always a chance that plans could change or may be canceled entirely. Much like rumors, nothing is certain until it's officially announced and released. Disclaimer: Teardowns are based on evidence found inside of apks (Android's application package) and are necessarily speculative and usually based on incomplete information. It's possible that the guesses made here are totally and completely wrong. Even when predictions are correct, there is always a chance that plans could change or may be canceled entirely. Much like rumors, nothing is certain until it's officially announced and released. The features discussed below are probably not live yet, or may only be live for a small percentage of users. Unless stated otherwise, don't expect to see these features if you install the apk.
A game? With Prizes?
This isn't a joke, Android Pay is going to have some kind of "game" built into it, at least that's the way it looks from a new set of strings using a "tap_game" prefix. Common sense suggests this will be a promotion of some kind, but it's too early to guess if this is going to be a short-term deal or something that sticks around for a while. In fact, it's not really possible to tell what kind of game this is or how it will work; however, a few general details can be discerned from what is available.
To begin with, the game involves coins. In all likelihood, these are tokens that users either earn through purchases or following the steps of a promotion.
<string name="tap_game_counter">%1$s of %2$s coins</string>
Next, a pair of error messages make it clear that this isn't just a game to play for fun, there's a chance to win something. The body text of both messages clearly indicates players will be able to receive prizes from this game. Also, there will be a "Shop. Tap. Reward. card" which will likely be the place to go for redeeming prizes.
<string name="tap_game_no_network_header">A network connection is needed to open the cracker</string>
<string name="tap_game_no_network_subheader">Check your network connection and give it another go.</string>
<string name="tap_game_no_network_body">You can also find out if you won a prize later. Well send you a notification to remind you or you can go to the Shop. Tap. Reward. card in your Android Pay app.</string> <string name="tap_game_unknown_header">Lets try that one more time</string>
<string name="tap_game_unknown_subheader">Something went wrong. Try opening the cracker again.</string>
<string name="tap_game_unknown_body">You can also find out if you won a prize later. Well send you a notification to remind you or you can go to the Shop. Tap. Reward. card in your Android Pay app.</string>
What isn't clear from the previous group is what it means to "open the cracker." It obviously refers to some element of the game, but that's not very telling. Perhaps this is a holiday promotion referencing The Nutcracker. But even that feels like quite a stretch.
If users aren't interested in joining the game, or perhaps they're not legally allowed to accept prizes due to employment, it's possible to opt out.
<string name="tap_game_opt_out_button">Opt out</string>
<string name="tap_game_opt_out_dialog_title">Opt out of the game?</string>
The one remaining detail is that Android Pay will encourage users to share something about the game with their friends. It's not clear if you'll be sharing a screenshot, an image, a message, or even just an invite; but what you can see is that Google isn't shying away from making options available. There's a share graphic including logos for Facebook, Twitter, Google+, Instagram, and good ol' email. So at least it's clear Google means business about raising awareness.
<string name="tap_game_share">Tell your friends</string>
If I'm right about the Nutcracker connection, it's a safe bet that we'll probably hear details within the next couple of weeks. Otherwise, it may be a while before we know what exactly is happening with this game and what it's really about.
Download
The APK is signed by Google and upgrades your existing app. The cryptographic signature guarantees that the file is safe to install and was not tampered with in any way. Rather than wait for Google to push this download to your devices, which can take days, download and install it just like any other APK.
Version: 1.10.139240444
Image Credit: Stack of coins money doodle by Dawn Hudson (CC0 1.0)
The Skeletons in Jennifer's Closet
Excerpted from All American Vegan.
I used to work in a specialty cheese shop. I was surrounded by cheeses from around the world and I knew the unique history and characteristics of each of them. Blindfolded, I could tell the difference by smell and taste. At the tender age of 20, I was a gourmet, a bona fide connoisseur of artisan cheeses. Every day, I lived, breathed, ate, and according to my roommate, smelled like cheese. I was proud of that at one time. Even after becoming vegan, I pined for cheese. At least, I used to until I met someone who made me lose my craving forever.
“Drop calf” is the industry term for baby cows who are taken from their mothers to be sold for slaughter. To a dairy farmer, a baby cow is competition for their mother's milk and therefore an unnecessary cost. Along with animals the industry considers “old” or “worn out” because their production has slacked, “drop calves” are sold to the highest bidder at stockyard auctions throughout the country. These are the animals who end up in pet food or in cheap, frozen TV dinners. They also have their stomachs scraped after being killed for rennet, an ingredient in cheese.
As part of my work with an animal rights organization, I visited auctions to document what I saw. And what I saw was heartbreaking. But one particular image still haunts me: a tiny newborn calf covered in amniotic fluid, lying all alone in the corner of a dirty pen one bitter cold morning. Barely a few hours old, they looked bewildered, fearful, and in desperate need of their mother. “If they survive,” said a worker when I asked about him, “he'll probably sell for a dollar or less.” One dollar. That is what their life was worth to the dairy industry.
Since that moment, the thought of eating cheese or anything made from milk literally turns my stomach. Because now, whenever I see such foods, I see them too. I see their disoriented expression. I see them shivering alone in a dirty pen. I see them cowering in the corner, wet with amniotic fluid. I see them again and again and again whenever someone asks about my veganism and then tells me they could never give up cheese and other dairy products. “I love it too much” they might say, searching my expression for some hint of agreement. Instead, I think of the baby cows that milk really belongs to, the milk that is their birthright, and upon which their very lives depend. And I see it cruelly taken away because the person standing before me likes the fleeting taste of pizza, ice cream, or a glob of camembert spread upon a water cracker. And I think: is that what their lives are worth?
Got milk? Never again.
————-
Follow-on Facebook: www.facebook.com/allamericanvegan
Follow-on Twitter: @allamervegan
Buy the book: All American Vegan
Standing under 5 feet tall and weighing around 105 pounds, Alyssa Ritchey is small, but the four-time CrossFit Regionals athlete and Olympic weightlifter is strong. Not strong for a girl, not strong for their weight class, just stupid strong and here are seven times when she's shown just how strong they are.
1. They deadlift 355 pounds. That's over TRIPLE their bodyweight.
A post shared by Alyssa Ritchey (@alyssaritchey1) on Jun 22, 2016 at 2:52pm PDT
2. They can back squat 290 pounds.
A post shared by Alyssa Ritchey (@alyssaritchey1) on Jan 31, 2017 at 3:55pm PST
3. They have a double bodyweight jerk of 224 pounds.
A post shared by Alyssa Ritchey (@alyssaritchey1) on Jan 24, 2017 at 11:42am PST
4. They can rep out strict chest-to-bar pull-ups.
A post shared by Alyssa Ritchey (@alyssaritchey1) on Jan 16, 2016 at 6:13pm PST
5. They snatch 170 pounds.
A post shared by Alyssa Ritchey (@alyssaritchey1) on Oct 1, 2016 at 1:08pm PDT
6. They reps out deficit free handstand push-ups like it's no big deal.
A post shared by Alyssa Ritchey (@alyssaritchey1) on Jul 23, 2016 at 1:38pm PDT
7. They have a 227 pound clean and jerk. Only 5 women in US history have accomplished a double bodyweight clean and jerk.
The Spanish government has been flooded with thousands of inquiries about legislation it approved last month that will grant dual citizenship to descendants of Sephardic Jews expelled from Spain more than 500 years ago, the country's justice minister said on Wednesday.
The minister, Alberto Ruiz-Gallardón, who considers the legislation their most important achievement, said in an interview at The New York Times that they anticipated that more than 150,000 people, scattered in the Sephardic Jewish diaspora, would seek Spanish citizenship under the measure, aimed at righting what the government has called a grievous error. The bill is expected to receive unanimous parliamentary approval.
“This law is a real historic reparation of, I dare say, the biggest mistake in Spanish history,” Mr. Gallardón said. They were visiting New York at the invitation of Jewish groups to explain the legislation, which has generated intense interest.
Spain's roughly 200,000 Jews were ordered expelled in 1492 by Queen Isabella and King Ferdinand, who gave them four months to leave. Many were forced to sell their homes and businesses for nearly nothing, with many eventually resettling in other areas of Europe and North Africa bordering the Mediterranean, but also migrating elsewhere.
Jammu: Forty-three kg of gold and 57,000 kg of silver offered by devotees at the Shri Mata Vaishno Devi temple in Jammu and Kashmir have been found to be fake, an RTI application has revealed.
The RTI query elicited the information that 193.5 kg of gold and 81,635 kg of silver was offered at the shrine at Katra town in the last five years.
"Of this, 43 kg of gold and 57,815 kg of silver turned out to be fake," M.K. Bhandari, chief executive officer of the board that manages the shrine, told IANS.
"We send the precious metal offerings to the government for melting and converting (them) into gold and silver coins which the devotees buy as souvenirs."
They said some devotees may be buying gold and silver without checking their purity.
The Shri Mata Vaishno Devi temple is one of the most revered shrines. It was visited by over one crore devotees last year.
IANS
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
A respected economist has said that it is in Austria's best interest to leave the European Union after Brexit due to the growing influence of poorer nations as a result of the loss of UK membership.
Economics professor Hans-Werner Sinn is warning both Austria and Germany that the result of the United Kingdom leaving the European Union, or Brexit, may affect them negatively. They argue that as a result of the UK leaving the union the number of poorer countries like Greece and Spain will now begin to outnumber the richer ones like Germany and Austria.
Sinn's solution is simple, Austria should cancel the Maastericht treaty and leave the bloc, reports Die Welt.
Sinn, who is the former head of the prestigious IFO Institute, claims that the problem is population as well as wealth. The poorer countries, without the UK in the union, will inevitably be able to change the rules of the European Union to suit themselves at the expense of richer nations like Austria and Germany.
The economist doesn't want Austria to permanently leave the European Union but rather cancel the Maastricht treaty and then go on the proposal an amendment to the way the EU works. They argue that the Maastricht treaty could be considered void anyway if Britain leaves the EU since the original agreement was signed by the UK, with Austria entering the union later on in 1995.
Mr. Sinn was also not positive on the Euro currency, complaining that too many countries were borrowing at very low interest rates, affecting the viability of the currency , but said there was possibility for repair and reform in the future.
They claimed that the printing press of money wasn't a solution to the economic problems of the member states. They noted that if Greece, with its battered economy, has twice the wages of Poland, there was a large fundamental problem.
“We live in a dramatic time, still with high unemployment in EU countries such as Italy or Greece,” they said and didn't believe that in ten years time the countries of the EU would remain the same.
Following Brexit, both the Netherlands and Denmark are giving consideration to referendums on membership to the European Union.
Top-polling people's Dutch party leader Geert Wilders has said they would like to get out of the European Union, calling Brussels a “totalitarian monster.”
The Danish people's party have also welcomed Brexit saying that they wish to use the coming negotiations on Britain leaving as a template if their population also decides to leave the EU via a popular referendum.
An established Richmond restaurateur is galloping into the Southside.
James Talley, along with partners Jim Dickerson, Harrison Steel and Eden Brown, are opening the White Horse Tavern at 3410 Semmes Ave. near Forest Hill Park in August.
Talley is also a co-owner at The Cask Cafe & Market in the Fan and last year sold their stake in The Commercial Taphouse and Grill. Dickerson was Talley's original partner at the Commercial Taphouse. Steel and Brown both have backgrounds in beer bars in Richmond and Norfolk.
Talley said White Horse Tavern will be a British-style pub that serves fare such as savory Cornish pasty, fish and chips, burgers and chicken wings. The food will be similar to what was served at the Commercial Taphouse before An Bui of Mekong Restaurant & Bar took it over. At least one English beer will always be on tap, and cask beer will be available, too.
“We're focusing on British food with local ingredients,” Talley said.
Talley said he's always liked the area near Forest Hill Park and saw a need for another dining option on the Southside.
“There's just a huge need for places to walk to, sit down and relax,” Talley said. “There's a huge need for restaurants and social gathering places in the area.”
The White Horse will join Crossroads Coffee & Ice Cream and Chef Mamusu's African on Main in the neighborhood.
Talley said their landlord is doing most of the construction on the 2,500-square-foot property, which was formerly home to a Jamaican eatery. Grayland Avenue Properties owns the building, according to city records.
Talley said they and their partners hope to keep their expenses under $200,000. They are financing the new venture themselves.
Plans for The White Horse were first reported by Richmond.com.
KUALA LUMPUR (THE STAR/ASIA NEWS NETWORK) - With the lurking threat of militant attacks and the ongoing conflict in Marawi in the southern Philippines adding to security concerns, Malaysia will deploy more than 40,000 police officers during the Hari Raya festive period.
This is more than the number of personnel on active duty during Hari Raya last year, Inspector-General of Police Khalid Abu Bakar said, with the force imposing a freeze on leave.
Last year, only 10 per cent of the force were allowed to go on festive leave.
"All 8,000 traffic police officers will be on duty along with a large part of the General Operations Force.
"This does not include those working in all the police stations in the country," Tan Sri Khalid told a press conference at Bukit Aman on Thursday (June 8) after handing over 3,864 Hari Raya packages to police personnel who will be on duty during the festive season.
Mr Khalid said the move was necessary as police needed to stay vigilant against possible threats to the country.
"IS (ISIS) thinks that Ramadan is a good month for them to carry out their so-called jihad attacks, so we must be alert," they said, referring to the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria militant group.
"We also have to keep an eye on our borders like in Sabah, where militants involved in Marawi might try to enter Malaysia," they added.
Mr Khalid added that the force was looking to upgrade its counter-terrorism operations to better cope with present threats.
"We are looking to give them more autonomy. It is something we regularly discuss in our meetings with the Home Ministry," they said.
On reports that three Hamas operatives were hiding in the country, they said: "What is the problem with them coming into Malaysia? As long as they are peaceful and obey the law, I don't see an issue.
"They can come here as tourists or have business meetings. This is a free country."
Concern over the legality of the military action in Libya reignited on Monday as rebel forces surged into the space created by the international bombardment of Colonel Gaddafi's military.
Philippe Sands QC, professor of international law at University College London, warned that coalition forces were facing a "major problem" to justify their latest strikes on legal grounds and Lord Ashdown, the former high representative for Bosnia and Herzegovina, said the coalition forces led by Britain, France and the US were facing "a moment of danger" over the legality of their actions. They said "continued support for this looks as though it is leading to support for regime change, which legally is beyond the [United Nations] security council resolution".
Legal experts said the international coalition may have overstepped what was agreed by the UN resolution sanctioning military action to "take all necessary measures … to protect civilians and civilian populated areas under threat of attack".
Professor Nicholas Grief, director of legal studies at the University of Kent, said it was possible there could be an attempt to bring the matter before the international court of justice. Others said the coalition forces were within the bounds of legality and could continue to attack Gaddafi's military positions as long as they posed any future threat to civilian populations.
Concern grew as Sergei Lavrov, Russia's foreign minister, said they believed the military action was in breach of international law. "We consider that intervention by the coalition in what is essentially an internal civil war is not sanctioned by the UN security council resolution," they said. Russia abstained from the vote which resulted in resolution 1973.
Britain said the strikes remained legal. "The UN resolution's point of ensuring that civilians could be protected allows the international coalition to take action against those who are threatening civilians," said Alistair Burt, Foreign Office minister. "The Gaddafi forces have been threatening civilians through the advance of their military machine. In order for that threat to be lifted, action has been taken as we have seen. It is very important for us and for everyone that what has been done is under the terms of the UN resolution."
But Sands said it was becoming increasingly hard to justify the strikes on the Libyan leader's forces as pre-emptive.
"The resolution is concerned with the protection of civilians, so a military attack on Gaddafi's retreating forces could only be justified if it could be shown to be related to that objective," they said.
"It is difficult in international law to argue for a pre-emptive use of force to protect civilians from a possible threat that might arise in the future. We don't know if there is evidence to show that a failure to attack Ghadaffi's forces would lead to a regrouping that would lead in turn to attacks on civilians. Pre-emption is a major problem because it is seen as a slippery slope, and rightly so."
Their concern was echoed by Grief, who said the latest strikes provided evidence the coalition had taken sides and "may have gone beyond the terms of the resolution" which they said must be interpreted narrowly, under international law. "It is almost as if we have entered the fray openly on behalf of the rebels. We have taken sides, Paradoxically, there is a UN arms embargo in place but raiding Sirte is even better for the rebels than if we were arming them." they said.
They said the most recent actions seemed different from the initial attacks around Benghazi, where a stronger argument could be made that action was immediately necessary to protect civilians in support of the resolution.
"I am not sure the latest strikes are in the same category. That is why I am concerned we are going beyond the terms of the security council resolution."
They said the only way the coalition could be restrained in the immediate future was if the security council adopted a fresh resolution, but they said that was very unlikely given the permanent membership of the council by the leading members of the military coalition. "There could be an attempt to bring the matter before the international court of justice, but it is very difficult to see that happening."
But Malcolm Shaw QC, senior fellow at Cambridge University's Lauterpacht centre for international law, argued the coalition forces were still operating within the bounds of legality.
"We are into elastic now, and how far can you stretch the resolution?" they said. "Where you have concentrations of Libyan troops who still pose a credible threat to civilians or civilian population areas then I think there is still cover for action against military objectives," they said. "It would be difficult to say that if there are tanks outside Sirte that they are no longer a threat to places further up the road at Ajdabiya or Benghazi. If the rebels were hit and scattered then Gaddafi's tanks could go in.
"When the Russians say you can't intervene in civil war to assist the rebel side they are right, because that is international law . But the security council resolution trumps that. The resolution does not say protect civilians from attack, but protect them from the threat of attack, so as long as the Libyan government maintains a fighting force and is maintaining a forcible stance then those forces are legitimate targets. The authorisation to use force is clear-cut. The question is how far you go. The answer for me is far down the line."
Who is in charge?
Who is running the military operation?
Officially Nato has taken over all military operations. But at the moment it is only running the naval blockade, which is enforcing the arms embargo, and the no-fly zone. The Nato commander, Lieutenant General Charles Bouchard, will assume control of the most controversial operations, the air strikes against Gaddafi's ground forces, in a few days' time.
Why is there a delay in Nato taking over air strikes?
Bouchard said that the handover would take some days because it was "complex". The delay gives more time to the existing coalition, co-ordinated by the US but led by the French and British, to continue to choose their own targets for bombing.
Will the handover to Nato control make any difference?
Nato's 28-member countries agreed rules of engagement for air strikes on Sunday. As sceptics like Turkey and Germany were involved in the draft, the rules are likely to be more restrictive that those being used by the French and the British, who have been bombing Libyan government forces across the country. Julian Borger
Getty Images
Are you obsessed with both Taylor Swift and Christmas music? Trust me, you're not the only one. And just because Christmas was yesterday doesn't mean you have to turn off the seasonal tunes yet. We have at least until New Years Eve! In the meantime, were you aware that there's a trove of Swiftie holiday songs you can listen to right now?? Sometimes with the perpetual onslaught of new music, we forget that there are plenty of hidden gems lurking in the past.
Big Machine Records
Back in 2007 Tay Tay put together a special six-song Christmas album that was released exclusively through Target. This was back before they were a record-breaking superstar, and only had their self-titled debut Taylor Swift under their belt. Dubbed The Taylor Swift Holiday Collection, the EP includes several classic Christmas carols, as well as a few very Taylor twists. Let's dive in, shall we? Here's Taylor's six Christmas songs:
"Last Christmas" https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Okoo4upS_Hc This seems like the most Taylor Swift-y Christmas song of them all, doesn't it? "Once bitten and twice shy" could almost be a lyric from a Taylor song. They stick pretty close to George Michael's original arrangement and melody, but since this was still Nashville era Taylor there's a country guitar lick mixed in with all the festive scenery and heartache. "Christmases When You Were Mine" https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9zfMI09zr34 This is a Taylor original, and duh, it's about missing an ex on the most couple and family-oriented holiday of the year. As always, it's the little details—her mom worrying in the kitchen, hating even the sight of mistletoe and feeling okay until the weather turns cold—that make this song hit you where it hurts. "Santa Baby" https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vGOBA4lE7Mg It's always nice when Taylor gets their flirt on, and it's no different when they cover the flirtiest Christmas song of all! Once again, Nashville seeps into the classic via guitar strums and a bit of twang in Taylor's voice—but it all works together seamlessly. Listen for their signature chuckle right around the 2:00 minute mark. "Silent Night" https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jlt22_AtZOs This time, they lean into the religious angle of Christmas, covering the classic "Silent Night" but with a completely new melody. Plus watching 2010 era Taylor performs in a classic sparkly dress is always a treat. "Christmas Must Be Something More" https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=akEIpFMqS2g In another Taylor original, they ponder the reason for the season. Again, it's a more religious and spiritual tone than we've heard from Taylor as they shout out the "birthday boy who saved our lives." But it's still typical Swift—casual language made poignant by its simplicity. "White Christmas" https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qZhdTxgnLTE Last but not least, Taylor gets dreamy for their cover of "White Christmas." Staying in the same vein as the rest of their songs, there's banjo and fiddle sprinkled throughout this version. It's so tasteful though, it's almost enough to make you miss country Taylor. Almost.
Now all I can say is, can I get a full Christmas album next year? Thanks in advance Tay Tay.
Who is best placed to make decisions for a child? Is it right to force a child to conform to the expectations associated with having a penis or a vagina? Or, as some people see it, is gender defined by genitals? What if that child is severely distressed? Should you allow your child to transition to their preferred gender and risk physical violence and death threats? Or should the child keep their true identity secret, and risk suicide?
These are the choices facing the parents of transgender children in Ireland today. They have two options: Do you try to align the mind of a transgender person with their body? Or do you adjust their mind to make them more comfortable with their body?
Increasingly, the overwhelming weight of international research and best practice is pushing parents towards a reluctant conclusion: the minds of transgender people cannot be aligned with their body. They can live full and well lives only when they are accepted and recognised in their true gender, whether or not they transition medically through hormones and/or surgery.
“Seeing a therapist has helped me to gain insights, but this is not a mental health issue as it is sometimes perceived. It is, for me at least, a physical issue. There's nothing wrong with my brain, but my body has developed in the wrong way,” says Richie, a 15-year-old transgender boy.
The families of transgender kids often find themselves at the centre of a wider discussion of gender politics, but there's a world of difference between, on the one hand, a boy who likes dresses and dolls or a girl who loves football and “male” clothes and, on the other, a child who persistently identifies as the opposite sex over more than six months, is distressed when identified as their natal sex and is showing signs of depression, anxiety or destructive behaviour. Now, with the Oireachtas debating the Gender Recognition Bill – which will make Ireland the last country in Europe to legally recognise transgender people and includes provisions around children – the fate of these families rests in political hands.
Dr Lisa Brinkmann is a clinical psychologist who specialises in sex and gender issues. For more than a year, they have been working with the family of a four-year-old child who was born female but identifies as male. “There is no need for an early diagnosis [of gender dysphoria],” they say. “What families need is support around any needs or difficulties that the child is having.”
There's less stigma about a girl who displays stereotypically masculine behaviours, says Brinkmann. “Girls can be Pat, Charlie or Steve and are cheered on as ‘tomboys'. It's much harder for a boy to reverse gender roles.”
Transgender children are often forbidden from using the toilet of their preferred gender. They hold it in, especially at school, and consequently are vulnerable to kidney and urinary tract infections. Transgender children have as much interest in sport as anyone else, but they often can't take part in PE because their school won't treat them as either male or female when it comes to team games, and because they're not facilitated with a place they can safely and comfortably change their clothes; these factors can lead to weight gain.
Dr Colm Costigan, a paediatric endocrinologist at Our Lady's Children's Hospital in Crumlin, Dublin, has been involved in the care of six transgender adolescents over the past three years. After a diagnosis, which can usually be given only with the support of parents, Crumlin can provide hormonal blockers (called gonadotropin- releasing hormone analogues or GnRHa), which delay the onset of puberty.
Best practice seeks to get the young person safely, and in good mental health, over the age of 16; then, they can consider taking hormones to bring them in line with their preferred gender. After 18, surgery is an option, but not everyone takes it.
Prof Donal O'Shea, one of the country's foremost endocrinologists, treats transgender people at St Columcille's Hospital in Loughlinstown, Dublin. They say puberty blockers have potential side effects, including the emotional and psychological fallouts from hormones. But, they add, these are minor compared with the mental damage that can be done by forcing a young person to live in and be recognised as the wrong gender. “Hormone blockers are safe and they are reversible. In other parts of Europe, the debate has moved on to what is the optimum time to start the blockers . . . Ideally, these kids would not go through full puberty.”
O'Shea is a love-hate figure in the transgender community. They have long advocated for increased resources for transgender people, but has a scientist's caution. They say that regret, if it happens, can be physically and emotionally catastrophic, and this is why there must be a stringent diagnosis of gender dysphoria before anyone can medically transition, as required by the terms of the proposed Gender Recognition Bill. “You have to look after the minority within the minority: it doesn't always make me popular but that is a medical view.”
Ongoing debate
Sarah, the mother of a seven-year-old male-assigned child who identifies and lives as female, says that these children have been let down. “The [Tavistock] decision that puberty blockers were being introduced according to the stage of a child's puberty, rather than age, was hard fought and won in order to keep children alive – it is as stark as that.
“Can you think of any other condition where this would go on? Pre-pubescent children are offered cancer treatments when this same treatment can render them infertile. But we can see the advancement of cancer cells under a microscope. We can't see gender dysphoria until we see [suicide] attempts, chronic self-harm, anorexia, depression, anxiety and dropping out of school.”
The majority of transgender adolescents in Ireland are not going to Crumlin. Instead, they are hiding and suppressing how they feel; they are socially transitioning or have already done so; or they have gone abroad for hormonal treatments that they can't get here or in the UK.
About 1-2 per cent of transgender people will regret their transition; this may be because of social and psychological pressures or undiagnosed mental illnesses that can manifest as gender dysphoria. Pre-adolescent transgender children have only just begun to identify themselves, after centuries – if not millennia – of deep suppression and oppression. As yet, there is virtually no data about the number of these pre-adolescent children who ultimately transition.
Almost all adolescents who express a transgender identity, however, will follow through, and most of these are aware of their identity from their earliest memory.
Last year, the American journal Pediatrics published the results of a longitudinal study which found that, of 55 teens who had taken puberty blockers under clinical and psychological supervision, none had regrets.
Broden Giambrone, executive director of Transgender Equality Network Ireland (Teni), is campaigning for amendments to the Gender Recognition Bill. “The restrictions on young people are onerous. It could take two years for them to get a diagnosis from among the handful of psychiatrists and endocrinologists in the country. They have been talking about their gender identity for years; they know who they are.”
For support, see teni.ie; belongto.org
Freedom Party NYC
The Freedom Party® is the longest running Friday-night dance party in NYC history! Created in 2003 by Herbert Holler, DJ Cosi and Marc Smooth, Freedom's mission is to preserve the genuine, classic NYC nightlife vibe by putting music first and providing a place for people from all walks of life to dance and be free, regardless of whom they know or how much money they make.
Playing a tight mix of danceable, soulful hits from the 60s through today, including hip-hop, house, disco, R&B classics, rock, reggae, classic pop and more, the Freedom Party® continues to fill its dance floor each week with positive, fun, beautiful people from all over the globe looking to have an unforgettable NYC party experience.
In 2010, Freedom won Papermag's award for "Best Party (Peoples Choice)," and received an honorable mention in URB Magazine's "Best Party" nationwide. In 2015, Freedom won Village Voice's highly coveted award for "Best Dance Party."
In the summer of 2011, Freedom flew Midwest to begin a new journey. Now in its fifth year, Freedom Party® CHI has quickly become the Second City's #1 party destination. Each month, Freedom brings hundreds of discerning partygoers to its dance floor (now at Beauty Bar, 1444 West Chicago Ave), spreading that NYC love to new listeners and growing the Freedom family.
In the summer of 2013, Freedom celebrated its 10-year anniversary with a huge dance party at Summerstage in Central Park, one of the most legendary outdoor venues in the world. Featuring a live performance by Cameo, one of the highest grossing funk bands of all time, the event saw thousands of people in attendance and completed its excitement with a two-hour dance party. It was such a successful production, Summerstage made Freedom their annual dance party, and they've been there every summer since, playing to a capacity crowd!
Now in its 13th year, the Freedom Party® NYC continues to pack its dance floor at highly sought-after events throughout the month and add the most legendary dance destinations in town to its resume, including "One Step Beyond" at the American Museum of Natural History, Midsummer Night Swing at Lincoln Center, the Brooklyn Botanic Garden Spring Gala, Central Park Summerstage, First Saturdays at the Brooklyn Museum, Celebrate Brooklyn at Brooklyn Bridge Park and more, not-to-mention a number of sold-out nights abroad in Philadelphia, Atlanta and DC.
Thousands of people are in attendance at these events. Thousands of people dancing to the sounds of FREEDOM!
The Basics
Tampa Bay Rowdies vs. Richmond Kickers
Saturday, April 29, 2017, 7:30 p.m. ET.
Al Lang Stadium, St. Petersburg, Fla.
Follow us for live updates on Twitter @RowdiesGameday
Tickets
Tickets for Saturday's match are available by calling (727) 222-2000 or clicking here. Take advantage of the Rowdies' new Hat Trick Pack and get a ticket to each of the Rowdies next three home matches for just $33 or go with the Fútbol Four Pack and get a Sideline Upper Reserved ticket to four matches of your choice for $79 for adults and $44 for children.
How to Watch
The match will be broadcast on thisTV Tampa Bay and on the USL's Youtube channel here.
Parking
There are several options for parking at Al Lang Stadium and around downtown. Parking in Lot A, right in front of the stadium, costs $5. Lot A opens at 4 p.m. For more parking options, click here.
Records
Tampa Bay: 3-1-2 (W-T-L), 10 points, 4th place Eastern Conference
Richmond: 2-0-3 (W-T-L), 6 points, 9th place Eastern Conference
Rowdy Notes
After opening the season with three consecutive wins, the Rowdies' form has now dipped with the team on a three-game winless streak. Tampa Bay returned home from a difficult road trip last weekend and lost 3-2 to the Charleston Battery.
The Rowdies led the Battery as the first half wound down after a Joe Cole goal in the 34th minute, but Tampa Bay conceded its first goal at home in the 40th minute and conceded again in first-half stoppage time to fall behind 2-1. Georgi Hristov leveled the match in the 62nd minute, but Charleston's Tah Brian Anunga scored the game-winner in the 89th minute to doom the Rowdies to their first home defeat of 2017.
The Rowdies again dominated the ball in the match against Charleston, tallying 69 percent possession and out-passing the Battery 507 to 232, but Tampa Bay wasn't clinical enough to avoid defeat.
The Rowdies face a different kind of defensive challenge this weekend. Each of the last two matches have seen the Rowdies playing against a forward coming off a hat trick, with FC Cincinnati's Djiby Fall being held off the scoresheet just a few days after they scored four goals against Saint Louis FC. Against Charleston, the Rowdies kept Romario Williams off the scoresheet after they notched an 11-minute hat trick against the Rochester Rhinos a week earlier.
Scouting Richmond
Richmond is coming off a 2-1 win at home over the Pittsburgh Riverhounds last weekend, their second win of the year. The Kickers' Fred Sekyere put Richmond ahead in the 15th minute and D.C. United loanee Alhaji Kamara doubled the lead in the 46th minute. Marshall Hollingsworth pulled a goal back for Pittsburgh in the 59th minute, but Richmond held out for the win.
That Richmond win over the Riverhounds halted a three-game losing skid in which the Kickers failed to score a goal. After a 1-0 win over Harrisburg on opening weekend, the Kickers lost 1-0 in three straight weeks. Richmond arrives in St. Petersburg as one of the lowest-scoring offenses in the Eastern Conference, having scored just three goals in five matches to start the season. No one on Richmond's roster has scored more than one goal this year.
This season marks Richmond's 25th, making the Kickers the oldest continuously-running soccer organization in the country. The Kickers played their first match on April 30, 1993 and have won four league titles, in addition to the 1995 Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup. Head Coach Leigh Cowlishaw is in their 17th season with the club.
Priya's Shakti will tell story of ‘a new hero for modern India' who fights with goddess Parvati's help for education and respect for women
A new superhero has arisen in India in the wake of the brutal gang rape on a Delhi bus two years ago: Priya, a mortal woman who is raped herself, but who fights back against sexual violence with the help of the goddess Parvati - and a tiger.
The rape by six men of the 23-year-old Delhi medical student who later died of their injuries sparked national protests and changes to India's rape laws. For film-maker Ram Devineni, founder of the publisher and film production company Rattapallax, it also led to Priya's Shakti, a new comic for teenagers which Rattapallax says is “rooted in ancient matriarchal traditions that have been displaced in modern representations of Hindu culture”, and which is intended to support “the movement against patriarchy, misogyny and indifference through love, creativity and solidarity”.
Illustrated by Dan Goldman, the comic is about to be unveiled at Mumbai Comic-Con. It tells the story of Priya, devoted to the goddess Parvati, and as a young girl, full of dreams of becoming a teacher. But they are told by their father to stop going to school, and to stay home and take care of the house. As they grow up, they are the victim of increasing sexual violence, until they are raped - and then thrown out of the family home.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Priya encounters increasing sexual intimidation in their village. Photograph: Rattapallax
Parvati is horrified to discover what women on earth go through, and inspires Priya to speak out and spread a new message to the world: to treat women with respect, educate all children, and speak out when a woman is being mistreated. Priya, riding on a tiger, returns to their village. They are, said Devineni, “a new hero for a modern India”.
An augmented reality version of the story, meanwhile, animates certain panels in the story via the Blippar app to feature documentaries telling the stories of real-life Indian women who have survived sexual assault. The women have been animated to protect their identities.
“I was in Delhi two years ago and was involved in the protests. I asked a Delhi police officer what they thought about what had happened on the bus. I'm paraphrasing here, but they basically said ‘No good girl walks home alone at night,' which implies they deserved it or provoked it. I immediately realised the problem of sexual violence in India is not a legal issue but a cultural problem,” said Devineni.
“I interviewed gang-rape survivors and they kept telling me that they could not get justice because they were discouraged by their family, community and even the police. The shame was put on them. They lived in constant fear of being killed. This caused a vicious circle, where certain men could commit rape with impunity because they could get away with it.”
Devineni said they developed the story while travelling around India after the Delhi rape. “I grew up reading popular Hindu mythological comics and a common motif was that a villager would call on the gods in dire situations. What was more dire than the problem of sexual violence in India? So, this was the nucleus. [Co-writer] Vikas Menon and I worked on the story of putting Priya, a rape survivor, as the hero and they call on the gods, but it's up to them to motivate and challenge society,” said the writer.
“Also Hinduism is about conquering your fears, so we wanted to incorporate the philosophy into the storyline.”
Priya's Shakti – Shakti is “the female principle of divine energy” – is available free online, and Rattapallax has printed 6,000 copies in Hindi and English for the convention and for educational distribution, as well as painting several large murals from the story on walls throughout Mumbai. Viewers will be able to unlock animation and films when they scan the murals with their smart phones. Rattapallax said it is also open to working with a larger press to get the comic out to more retailers, with Priya's Shakti intended to be the first in a series.
“We made the story fun to read, even though it's about rape, and challenging patriarchal views. It is perfectly designed for teenagers,” said Devineni. “It can be read in 15 minutes, but the message takes you further and lasts. It's fully interactive.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Indian children watch a play by activists in front of a mural depicting fictional character Priya before a march in memory of gang-rape victim ‘Nirbhaya' in New Delhi on 15 December 2014. Photograph: Sajjad Hussain/AFP/Getty Images
Rattapallax is also asking readers to “stand with Priya” and fight sexual violence around the world by taking a photograph with the character and sharing it on social media, tagging it #standwithpriya. It is partnering on the project with Apne Aap Women Worldwide, an NGO which supports at-risk girls and women in India and the US.
“Partnering with Apne Aap will ensure our project will become a strategic platform to support the global movement against gender-based violence, and that our comic book will have maximum reach with youth in India, the US, and around the world,” said Lina Srivastava, the project's social impact director. “Through this collaboration, we are working to build a movement around Priya as a modern Indian hero within the larger global movement by creating shared cultural opportunities for education, dialogue, and social action.”
Replacing the capacitors on a Macintosh Classic II
Introduction
It's a sad fact that nearly all (if not all) untreated Macintosh Classic IIs will eventually look something like the photo below. It may be vertical bars, it may be a checkerboard or perhaps simply the chimes of death. Either way, it suddenly won't work!
Image 1. A stalled Macintosh Classic II
The reason of course is leaky capacitors. The inferior surface-mount capacitors used in these machines eventually exude their conductive contents onto the mainboard causing electricity to flow where it shouldn't and leading to the symptom above.
A temporary fix can be had by cleaning off the exudate or even washing the mainboard. The computer above had the latter treatment a few years ago. I knew it wasn't a permanent repair though and so it proved to be. Yesterday I discovered the bars were back! It was time to bite the bullet and replace those troublesome caps.
To surface-mount or not to surface-mount?
The reason I didn't replace the caps when I first got the Classic II was the daunting prospect of desoldering/soldering surface mount components. Several years on and I'm still daunted. Some folk have replaced leaky surface-mount caps with good ones quite successfully. I wasn't convinced my $20 soldering iron would be up to the task though and wondered if anyone had replaced these caps with conventional old-skool ones.
It turns out someone had! Even better they had documented every step of the process. This is exactly what I wanted!
Replacing the caps
The process is very well documented in the link above so I won't repeat it here. Suffice to say my mainboard went from this....
Image 2. The Classic II mainboard prior to cap replacement
...to this
Image 3. The Classic II mainboard after cap replacement.
All in all it took me about two hours of careful work. I liked that the method didn't call for unsoldering the old caps. No, you just destroyed them and eased them off their legs. You can see the detritus of this systematic destruction below.
Image 4. The remains of the surface-mount caps
It was actually quite straightforward. Once I had all the caps out, I gave the board a good clean, especially those areas around the capacitors. Sure enough, more leakage was present, which had caused the current failure to boot no doubt.
Image 5. Close up of the replacement capacitors.
After I finished I reassembled and turned on. Bong! was heard immediately and very soon a smiley mac was beaming at me.
Image 6. A permanently repaired Classic II
Leaky caps on the Classic II are now a thing of the past. Many thanks to www.classicmac.net for the method.
It should be noted that others have done a similar thing with tantalum caps rather than electrolytics. These components appear to work just as well.
A good afternoon's work on a wet weekend.
Tez
24th May, 2014
The US president Donald Trump has urged Vietnam to buy missiles and other weapons systems from the United States.
The US president delivered a message to Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc, urging them to buy missiles and other weapons systems from the United States. Trump said the US "makes the greatest missiles in the world" during their brief state visit to Vietnam.
Trump had also offered at an earlier meeting on Sunday with Vietnamese President Tran Dai Quang to serve as a mediator in the South China Sea territorial disputes.
But during a joint appearance with President Trump, Quang said their country wants to settle disputes in the South China Sea through peaceful negotiations.
Vietnam and China along with four others claim all or parts of the strategic waters.
Chinese President Xi Jinping is scheduled to arrive in Vietnam for a state visit later on Sunday. Disputes over the South China Sea are expected to be high on the agenda during Xi's talks with Vietnamese leaders.
Trump has highlighted trade issues in meetings with Vietnam's prime minister and the secretary-general of its Communist Party.
Trump told Communist Party leader Nguyen Phu Trong that trade had become a very important element in the relationship between the two countries.
Outside of trade, Trump says they look forward to the onetime adversaries, the US and Vietnam, having a fantastic relationship for years to come.
How to Delete a Redbox Account by Melissa McCormick
Redbox is a company that rents DVDs, Blu-Ray discs and video games through more than 26 thousand kiosks inside and outside of grocery stores, convenience stores, drug stores and restaurants. These kiosks hold hundreds of DVDs including new releases, and have grown in popularity for convenience and affordability. For instance, movies and video games rent for $1 and $2 per night, respectively, plus tax, as of 2011. You can create an account on the Redbox website, and delete one just as easily.
Navigate to the Redbox website (see Resources).
Click on "My Redbox Account" at the bottom of the page.
Sign in to your account with your user name and password. If you forget your password, click on the "Forgot Your Password?" link to have a temporary password emailed to you.
Click on the "Update" icon next to your name and delete your name when the prompt appears.
Click on the "update" icon next to your credit card account and remove your credit card when the prompt appears, by clicking on the "X" under the remove section.
Remove your email address if you wish to no longer receive emails by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link on any of the Redbox emails you have received.
Some international researchers are now questioning whether they want to remain in Denmark at all.
This is after new 2015 rules for permanent residency are being enforced. Applicants now must have resided in Denmark for six years and must have been employed full-time for two and half years in the past three years to be eligible for a permanent residency permit. Applicants must also fulfill at least two out of four further requirements.
Several international researchers that the University Post have spoken to all wish to remain anonymous for fear of their permanent residency issues being noticed by present and future employers. According to one of them, “we are jumping through hoops to attain permanent residency,” and don't understand why their skills and efforts are not appreciated.
Should I stay or leave?
As another researcher puts it: “Why should I work so hard at my job and then work on fulfilling all these additional requirements? I can easily get a job in another country that will welcome me with open arms,”
According to Søren Høfler, International Staff Mobility consultant at the University of Copenhagen, the new requirements have International researchers considering leaving Denmark.
“Once we successfully recruit highly qualified researchers we would like to keep them in the country. But the issue is that a lot of them are worried about the new requirements and don't know if they would like to stay or if they should leave the country and look for a new job,” they say to the University Post.
Could prove costly
Losing highly qualified international researchers could prove costly for universities.
“It is hard to say what will happen. I think the university will not change the strategy for internationalization, but we will have to use a lot more administrative resources,” says Vivian Tos Lindgaard, head of International Staff Mobility at the University of Copenhagen.
Replacing International researchers with more Danish researchers is easier said than done.
“The reason we recruit internationally is because we can't find the researchers in Denmark. Many of them are from specialized research areas. The problem will be that we will have to use a lot of resources on recruitment,” says Vivian Tos Lindgaard.
Less incentive to come and stay
The worry is now that the stricter requirements will reduce the attractiveness of Denmark as a research destination for future residents, but also for the highly skilled people already here.
“We get calls every single week and these are from International researchers at the University who would love to keep working in Denmark,” says Søren Høfler.
This might change.
“There might be fewer researchers willing to move to Denmark with the intention of permanently staying because it has become increasingly difficult to do so,” they say.
Difficult to understand, impossible to explain
The new rules for permanent residency came into effect on Friday, 5 February 2016, but they apply retroactively from Thursday, 10 December 2015. It therefore affected people who applied for permanent residency months before the new law existed.
“We have a PhD who applied on 10 December 2015, that date was the date that the new laws came into effect. So poor guy, they no longer meets the recruitment criteria,” Søren explains.
Søren Høfler, International Staff Mobility: “It is embarrassing to have to explain the active citizenship requirement to highly qualified researchers and staff. To tell them that they have to be part of a local community program or be a coach in a football club”.
“The rules are not easy to understand, not even for us. Even after you meet the criteria there are additional requirements. It is a jungle,” Søren says.
Needs ‘active citizenship'
One of the four additional, supplementary requirements is ‘active citizenship'.
“It is embarrassing to have to explain the active citizenship requirement to highly qualified researchers and staff. To tell them that they have to be part of a local community program or be a coach in a football club,” Søren remarks.
These requirements are taking time and focus away from the researchers' work. “When are they going to have the time for this? I apologize when I explain the rules because I cannot see why these things should be a deciding factor,” Søren says.
Calling for change
The impact of the new rules is not limited to Danish universities. It is also impacting Danish corporations, that Vivian Tos Lindgaard of ISM has been in contact with.
“It is not only a problem for the University, but it is the same for big companies in the Danish labour market. If you speak to A.P. Møller Maersk or Novo Nordisk, they will tell you the same. It is the same everywhere for anyone looking for highly qualified workers and researchers in Denmark.”
For now, the International Staff Mobility office is continuing their lobbying for changes.
“We do it together with big Danish companies and we do it with other Danish universities, but usually we don't have a lot of success I am sorry to say, but we do try and sometimes we do succeed,” Vivian Tos Lindgaard explains.
International researchers are, after all, a valuable asset.
“Lawmakers have to understand that this highly skilled labor force is a benefit for the country and the researchers often bring with them their own money or grants, so it is also a way to get funding for research when you bring International researchers to Denmark,” they say.
universitypost@adm.ku.dk
Like us on Facebook for features, guides and tips on upcoming events. Follow us on Twitter for links to other Copenhagen academia news stories. Sign up for the University Post weekly newsletter here.
UPDATED: Last weekend, the well-reviewed Marvel sequel opened to a superhero-like $75.2 million in its first 32 markets -- 88 percent ahead of the first "Captain America;" its foreign total through Tuesday was $87.4 million.
Marvel Studios and Disney are looking at another post-Avengers victory with Captain America: The Winter Soldier, which has a strong shot of crossing $90 million in its North American debut this weekend and claiming the top April opening of all time. Some even wonder whether it could near $100 million.
Anything above $80 million or $85 million would be a rousing number for the sequel. Like the first Thor, Captain America: The First Avenger launched to roughly $65 million domestically in July 2011. But the wild success of 2012's The Avengers has seen the fortunes rise for the Iron Man and Thor franchises (Thor: The Dark World opened to $85.7 million last November). The same is expected for The Winter Soldier, particularly since it is receiving stellar reviews.
PHOTOS: Captain America: The Winter Soldier' World Premiere Invades Hollywood
To date, Universal's Fast Five, opening in 2011, sports the top April opening of all time ($86.2 million), not accounting for inflation.
Last weekend, Winter Soldier opened to a dazzling $75.2 million internationally from 32 markets -- an 88 percent gain from the $40 million earned in the same suite of markets by the the original Captain America. Winter Soldier continues rolling out overseas this week, opening in Russia and Australia on Thursday and in China on Friday. It's not inconceivable that the movie's worldwide gross could approach $250 million by Sunday. Through Tuesday, the film's foreign total was $87.4 million.
Returning Chris Evans in the title role, as well as Avengers stars Scarlett Johansson and Samuel L. Jackson, Winter Soldier picks up two years after Avengers left off. Captain America and Black Widow (Johansson) discover there is a secret conspiracy within S.H.I.E.L.D., and fight to stop it, along with The Falcon, played by Anthony Mackie (some critics have described the film as an intriguing espionage tale, versus never-ending action). The villainous Winter Soldier is played by Sebastian Stan.
STORY: Chris Evans Shares Lessons From 'Captain America: The Winter Soldier' Directing Duo
Brothers Anthony and Joe Russo directed Winter Soldier and have already signed a deal to to head-up the third installment in the Captain America series. Marvel and Disney are so high on the untitled threequel that they are sticking to a May 6, 2016, release date, even though that's when the untitled Superman/Batman tentpole is slotted to open.
Box office observers say Winter Soldier has several advantages over the first Captain America, which took in a solid $370.6 million worldwide. That film was a period piece, while the follow-up is set in modern day.
No other movie dared to open opposite Winter Soldier in North America this weekend. Among holdovers, the big question will be how well Darren Aronofsky's biblical epic Noah holds up.
In CrossFit Or Olympic Lifting, Lauren Fisher Is A Powerful Presence
Courtesy CrossFit, Inc. Lauren Fisher has been surprising people with their strength in CrossFit for a while now, and holding their own in weightlifting competitions at home and abroad as well.
Lauren Fisher never just blends in.
On Nov. 16 in Tempe, they spent nearly 12 hours on the IronMan Arizona course, watching their older brother Andrew complete their second IronMan triathlon in personal-record time. But even in a sea of ridiculously fit triathletes, Fisher, trademark ponytail flopping, muscular quads on display under Reebok short-shorts, stood out. All day long, spectators and athletes alike sidled up to Fisher to ask the same question: You have nice legs, what do you do?
If only they knew.
Fisher is the up-and-coming darling of CrossFit. She's a 20-year-old powerhouse with a megawatt smile and strength that is not at all relative to their 5-foot-5, 135-pound frame. Last August, as the youngest competitor in the 2014 CrossFit Games in Carson, California, they finished ninth overall. They have 23,000 Twitter followers, another 13,000 on Facebook and, in addition to their more niche sponsors (Rogue Fitness, Progenex and PurePharma), they have a Nike shoe deal, which is indicative of their crossover appeal.
Through CrossFit, Fisher made an entrée into the world of Olympic weightlifting, and has represented Team USA at junior meets worldwide. This weekend, from December 5-8, they will again don the red, white and blue at the World University Championships in Chiang Mai, Thailand. Fisher has their sights set on their biggest numbers yet -- a 114kg (251-pound) clean-and-jerk and an 86kg (189-pound) snatch.
The clean-and-jerk is Fisher's bread-and-butter lift, the one they make look easy. For the standard gym-goer, though, the movement may be foreign. It is executed in two steps; in stage one, the clean, the athlete lifts a barbell from the floor to their shoulders. In stage two, the jerk, the athlete moves the bar from their shoulders to overhead. Despite the complexity of the exercise, it has become a familiar one to CrossFitters wordwide; to the Average Joe in that arena, a bodyweight clean-and-jerk is considered a huge accomplishment. Fisher is closing in on double that.
They began doing CrossFit when they were a 14-year-old high school first-year student basketball player at St. Mary's in Stockton, California, where their team won two state championships and a national title. As an 18-year-old senior, Fisher qualified for the CrossFit Northern California Regionals and finished 12th overall, a remarkable outcome for an athlete so young. They were inspired by the CrossFit community and the strength of its women, and decided to forgo basketball at San Diego State University, where they are currently a junior, to focus on their CrossFit. Since moving south they have been training at CrossFit Invictus -- twice a day, early in the morning and again in the evening -- around a full class schedule.
"My roommate is in a sorority," Fisher says. "She doesn't understand how all I do is eat, sleep and train. But when they saw me on ESPN during the CrossFit Games they said, 'I finally understand your commitment.'"
Fisher is still motivated by the performances of CrossFit's elite women. At this year's Southern California Regional, Fisher knew they would have to contend with 27-year-old Lindsey Valenzuela, 36-year-old Valerie Voboril and 34-year-old Rebecca Voigt, who finished second, third and 11th overall at the 2013 CrossFit Games. Only the top three Regionals finishers move on, so Fisher was feeling the pressure. "I have the opportunity to train with those girls and I see up close how good they are," they say. "Competing against them pushes you to a whole other level."
Due mostly to their proficiency at gymnastic movements like pull-ups and strict handstand push-ups, Fisher edged out Valenzuela and finished third, securing their spot at the Games. In Carson, their strength was also on display: They finished sixth in the overhead squat (lifting 238 pounds) and speed clean ladder (225 pounds), events that were won by women who weigh nearly 20 and 30 pounds more than them
I have the opportunity to train with those girls and I see up close how good they are. Competing against them pushes you to a whole other level. Lauren Fisher, on competing with CrossFit's elite, veteran stars
That wasn't Fisher's first trip to the Games. In the summer of 2013, as a 19-year-old, they competed in them as a member of Team Invictus, which finished seventh overall. That same year, their older brother Garret finished fifth overall in the men's individual competition. (A third brother, Ryan, is a minor league baseball player in the Miami Marlins system).
Invictus coach CJ Martin, who trains Fisher, saw their strength immediately when they began training at their gym. But even more important to Martin is Fisher's mental toughness.
"I saw Lauren compete at 2012 NorCal Regionals," Martin recalls. "There was a workout with a row, pistols and very heavy hang cleans. They had three reps remaining and about 10 seconds left to do them. They sprinted to their barbell, did their cleans and crossed the line right before the cap. That told me this girl is going to fight and compete hard."
In the fall of 2012, Fisher and some Invictus friends participated in a small, local lifting competition in San Diego. Them numbers were good enough to qualify them for junior nationals, where they took second place in their first official meet, and earned an invite to train at the U.S. Olympic Training Center.
In February of this year, Fisher won three gold medals in the 63kg class and was named the best female lifter at the USA Weightlifting Junior Nationals. In July, they finished 10th at the Junior World Weightlifting Championships in Kazan, Russia, with a 75kg (165-pound) snatch and 110kg (242-pound) clean-and-jerk.
"Lauren has incredible focus and determination and their work ethic is rare for someone their age," USA Weightlifting coach Zygmunt Smalcerz says. "I expect to see them continue to improve in their lifts and compete on the International stage representing Team USA."
That, indeed, is a goal of Fisher's. They hope to qualify to for the senior national team when the Weightlifting World Championships take place in Houston next fall; it will be the first time the event has been on American soil since 1984, when it took place in Los Angeles before the Summer Olympics. But before Houston, Fisher has another goal: to crack the top five at the 2015 CrossFit Games.
To that end, Fisher has also been participating in CrossFit and other fitness competitions all over the world. In late August, they took second place in New Zealand's Wellington Cup. In October, they took second in the Granite Games in Minnesota, where they completed a personal-best 260-pound jerk. And in November, they won the Monster Games in Brazil. Along with CrossFit all-stars Dan Bailey, Josh Bridges and Camille Leblanc-Bazinet, Fisher was also part of Team Rogue Fitness Red, which took second place overall in the recent CrossFit Team Series.
"I'm still very focused on my CrossFit, but this is the time of the year for lifting meets," Fisher says. "My Olympic lifting makes me a better CrossFitter, and my CrossFit makes me a better lifter."
In Thailand this weekend, Fisher is hoping to be the best.
Stewart Robson says Everton were right to part with Ronald Koeman after the team showed no signs of improvement.
Mikel Arteta is the surprise name on Everton's wanted list to replace Ronald Koeman, sources close to the club have told ESPN FC, while caretaker manager David Unsworth has said they would be interested in the role on a permanent basis.
Former Everton midfielder Arteta has been an assistant coach to Pep Guardiola at Manchester City since July 2016 after retiring as a player and is already seen as a valuable member of the coaching staff.
However, the 35-year-old has admirers at Goodison Park who are looking to bring in a manager with fresh ideas and impetus.
Meanwhile, Everton under-23s manager Unsworth has been placed in temporary charge of the senior side after Koeman was dismissed on Monday, the second time they have had the position having previously been given it when Roberto Martinez was dismissed in 2016
Speaking at a news conference to preview Wednesday night's trip to Chelsea in a fourth-round League Cup tie, the former Everton defender said: "I'll repeat myself from the last time I sat here 18 months ago. Who wouldn't want this job?
"It's a wonderful football club with amazing fans and it's a top job for absolutely any manager, myself included.
Mikel Arteta left Everton in 2011 to join Arsenal and is currently a coach at Manchester City.
"The chairperson [Bill Kenwright] has given me an opportunity, [majority shareholder] Farhad Moshiri has given me an opportunity and the board have given me an opportunity to hopefully get a run of games where performance levels go up and we produce some results as well.
"From that, performances and results will dictate any future for me as Everton manager.
"I want to manage and this is an amazing to club to be manager of. I think the time has come to say that and make no secret of it at all. I do want to manage.
"What will be. I'll just do my best on the training ground every day and within the games, the staff and players I've got. We'll try and win a few football games.
"The chairperson just asked me to take it. He's going to speak to me every day. We'll discuss it all the time. There's been no points total, number of matches [set]. I've just been asked to take the team. Hopefully there is a run of games."
One of the issues Unsworth hopes to solve during time in charge is to ensure Ross Barkley commits their future to the club.
The midfielder, who is currently out with a hamstring injury, had informed Everton they would not be extending their contract, which has less than 12 months to run, and drew interest from Chelsea and Tottenham in the summer transfer window.
"I spoke to Ross this morning. I saw them in the gym, he's working really hard and coming along nicely," Unsworth added.
"My opinion on Ross is [that] I would absolutely love them to stay.  They are a top talent. Everton has done great for them and he's done great for Everton.
"He could be one of the all-time greats here and I would love them to be persuaded by myself, the chairperson and Farhad to stay and sign a contract because we shouldn't be losing players of their quality.
"He's a great player that's come through our ranks. I feel very strongly that we shouldn't be losing our own players.
"I have not spoken to them about that [his contract] but I will be doing. I'd love them to sit down and have a cup of tea with me and discuss the possibility of signing and staying here because we love them and I know they love Everton as well.
"I want everyone to come together and hopefully we can thrash something out with Ross."
Unsworth confirmed their backroom staff will be formed of John Ebbrell, Duncan Ferguson, Joe Royle and Alan Kelly, while Francis Jeffers will take charge of the U23s.
Peter O'Rourke is ESPN FC's transfer news correspondent. Follow them on Twitter @SportsPeteO.
People frequently need to choose between one outcome available soon (the smaller sooner, or SS, option) and a more desirable outcome available later (the larger later, or LL, option). Deciding whether to indulge in a dessert or stick to a diet, to splurge on an impulse buy or save up for a more desirable item, and to relax or study for an upcoming exam, can all be characterized as intertemporal choices. Accordingly, laboratory measures of individual differences in intertemporal preferences have been associated with variables such as body‐mass index (Sutter, Kochaer, Rützler, & Trautmann, 2010), credit‐card debt (Meier & Sprenger, 2010), heroin addiction (Madden, Petry, Badger, & Bickel, 1997), and diagnoses of attention‐deficit disorder (Demurie, Roeyers, Baeyens, & Sonuga‐Barke, 2012).
1.1. Extant models of intertemporal choice
Despite the real‐world relevance of laboratory measures of intertemporal choice, the question of how to quantitatively model such choices, even in simple laboratory tasks, is far from settled (see Doyle, 2013, for a broad survey, but see also Bleichrodt, Potter van Loon, Rohde, & Wakker, 2013). Samuelson (1937) influentially proposed that people discount rewards based on the delay until their receipt. According to this proposal, $100 to be received a month in the future is treated as equivalent to some smaller amount of money available now, its immediacy equivalent. A discounting function f maps delays to numbers in [0,1] called discount factors, which ultimately determine the immediacy equivalent of any delayed reward. For example, f(1 month) · $100 would yield the immediacy equivalent of $100 delayed by 1 month. In a binary forced‐choice task, it is assumed that people will prefer the option with the greater discounted value.
The most thoroughly studied discounting function, from both descriptive and normative perspectives, is the exponential function. An exponential discounting function is of the form
where the discount rate,∈ [0, ∞), is a free parameter typically assumed to vary across subjects. Among the normatively appealing features of exponential discounting is dynamic consistency: Given a pair of delayed rewards, an exponential discounter's preference will never reverse merely from the passage of time (Koopmans,). However, humans have been found to be dynamically inconsistent: Someone who prefers $110 in a year and a month over $100 in a year may also prefer $100 today over $110 in a month, suggesting a reversal of preferences over the course of a year (e.g., Green, Fristoe, & Myerson,; Kirby & Herrnstein,). The importance of dynamic inconsistency is suggested by its real‐world consequences. On New Year's Eve, one might prefer starting an exercise routine to slacking off on the following Monday, but then, when Monday arrives, one's mind may change. Indeed, dynamic inconsistency has been identified as the econometric manifestation of failures of self‐control (Rachlin,; Luhmann & Trimber,).
An alternative discounting function is a hyperbolic function of the form
where the discount rate,∈ [0, ∞), is a free parameter (Chung & Herrnstein,; Mazur,). Unlike exponential discounting, hyperbolic discounting allows for dynamically inconsistent preferences without (as well as with) amount effects. Perhaps for this reason, hyperbolic discounting functions have consistently achieved better fits to laboratory data than exponential discounting functions (e.g., Kirby & Maraković,; Myerson & Green,; Madden, Bickel, & Jacobs,; McKerchar, Green, Myerson, Pickford, Hill, & Stout,). However, there is evidence that people do not discount hyperbolically either. For example, hyperbolic discounting implies effectively increasing patience as the front‐end delay between two options increases, but Luhmann () and Myerson and Green () observed differently sized increases in patience than those required by hyperbolic discounting. Clearly, a good model of self‐control needs to characterize precisely how people are dynamically inconsistent.
If people are dynamically inconsistent, but not as dictated by hyperbolic discounting, a natural response would be a model in which the degree of dynamic inconsistency is controlled by a separate free parameter. In the generalized hyperbolic model of Loewenstein and Prelec (1992) (see also Benhabib, Bisin, & Schotter, 2010), which is of the form
dynamic inconsistency is controlled by α ∈ (0,∞). (The other parameter, β ∈ [0,∞), is analogous to thes above.) Observe that the generalized hyperbolic model includes both exponential and hyperbolic discount functions as special cases. As α tends to 0, generalized hyperbolic discounting approaches exponential discounting (i.e.,), and an ordinary hyperbolic discounter with fixedis equivalent to a generalized hyperbolic discounter with α =and β = 1/. Other values of α and β correspond to dynamic inconsistency greater than that of hyperbolic discounting, or to degrees intermediate between exponential and hyperbolic.
Recently, it has been questioned whether people use discount functions at all. That is, are intertemporal decisions in fact made by computing and comparing immediacy equivalents? Scholten and Read (e.g., 2010, 2013) have investigated attribute‐based models as alternatives to discounting. In an attribute‐based model, alternatives are compared along various dimensions and the decision is then made by aggregating over these comparisons. Perhaps the simplest credible attribute‐based model is what we will call the difference model. Representing preference for LL as positive and preference for SS as negative, the difference model is specified as
The difference model uses weighting parameters∈ [0, ∞) to judge whether the improvement in reward offered by LL,, compensates for the extra delay,. The difference model may be regarded as the arithmetic discounting model of Doyle and Chen () generalized to the case of two delayed rewards. A more complex attribute‐based model is the basic trade‐off model of Scholten and Read (), which (in the case of gains only, i.e., positive rewards) can be instantiated asThe free parameters γ and τ weight rewards and delays, respectively, analogously toandin the difference model. The basic trade‐off model accommodates anomalies addressed by some discounting models, such as dynamic inconsistency. It also accommodates inseparability of rewards and delays, which can be observed in humans but which no discounting model permits (Scholten & Read,).
NEW ORLEANS -- Florida lost to Louisville in the Allstate Sugar Bowl on Wednesday night, and then the third-ranked Gators lost two of their best players.
Defensive tackle Sharrif Floyd and safety Matt Elam both said they were forgoing their senior seasons to enter the NFL draft. The 6-foot-3, 303-pound Floyd is No. 24 on Mel Kiper Jr.'s latest Big Board and is projected to be a first-round pick.
"I've been playing football for a lot of years, so this is what football players get ready for and this is what we prepare to get to, so I'm ready," Floyd said.
Floyd had 46 tackles, three sacks and a team-high 13 tackles for loss this season. They spent their first two seasons at Florida playing defensive end but moved inside to tackle this season and flourished. They were disruptive on the field all season -- including on special teams, where they blocked two kicks -- and was an All-SEC first-team selection.
The 5-10, 202-pound Elam was a first-team All-American this season after finishing second on the team with 76 tackles, including 11 against Louisville. They had four interceptions and five pass breakups. Kiper ranks Elam as the top junior safety.
"I had three great years," Elam said. "I did all I can for the team. I played my heart out. Now it's time to take care of the family."
Two other Gators -- defensive end Dominique Easley and tight end Jordan Reed -- said they had yet to make up their mind about returning for their final season. Reed is Kiper's No. 4 junior tight end.
CRM software have established themselves as a beneficial sales management tool, and why not? They help you grab customer data from multiple channels using various integrations with apps beyond the CRM. They help you productively interact with your customers and help you maintain a healthy, working, and successful relationship with the customers throughout the sales cycle. 90% of companies agree that CRM software have an excellent sales-support capacity. However, are CRM software limited to the world of sales only? We did our research, and the results were impressive.
CRM allows your sales, customer service, marketing, and business development department manage customer relationships and interactions giving you a 360-degree view about your customer and drive success for your business.
Let's understand how CRM helps your business apart from sales automation.
Increases your Profitability
Getting you organized is what a CRM helps you do by seamlessly managing your customers and automating the tedious sales related tasks. In the same manner, a CRM is the best tool that helps in generating profitability for your organization.
The Various Stages
Visualizing the sales pipeline is important for the business as it lets you see the exact stage a prospect is in their journey to become your customer. It informs the business about the level of interaction the prospect is having with their products and services. Although it may be considered important for the sales department, it is of equal importance to the marketing department.
If your customers are subscribing for your services on a three month or half yearly basis, it gets easier for you to send the marketing reminders pushing them to renew their subscription. Salesmate helps you set important reminders for such occasions so that you never miss the opportunity of profiting from the customer pool.
Seamless Sales Pipeline Management Feature rich and best suited CRM for small businesses Try Salesmate for Free
The Churn Rate
Never let lack of communication play any hindrance to your relationship with your customers. Salesmate CRM helps set a follow-up action so that you do not miss out on the communication part of your sales process.
Example: By setting workflows inside your CRM system, you can get notified whenever an email goes unattended, or your sales team misses a meeting.
Tracks Your Competition
Today the market is so competitive that it is hard for your business to have a monopoly and this reason is enough to have the CRM as it helps you track your competition and understand why they are being chosen over you by the customers.
To set yourself apart from your competitors you will need to track and analyze the market and know about the areas where you lack to please the customer base. A CRM comes in handy in such scenario.
Develop Customer Profiles
A CRM helps you collect following data:
Are there any early adopters of your updated features?
Are your customers using the older version? If so, why?
How many times your email was opened?
Who is interested in your products?
You can answer all this with a simple integration of marketing automation tool combined with some insightful customer data and have the report of why customers are choosing you over your competition.
Your sales representatives just don't need a number and an email id. That is just information that is of no use to you if you cannot create an in-depth picture about your customer's likes, dislikes, and preferences. Salesmate helps you do just that with the perfect Clearbit integration that helps create a rich profile of your users.
Are your customers going to leave you, in the near future?
Losing deals is a regular phase in the sales process. CRMs allow you to keep a record of the reason for lost deal, and that is making a note of it. When you look at the history of all your lost deals, you can easily map the reasons and patterns at which the deals were lost.
Example: Let's say you are an insurance agency that provides renewable insurance and covers cars that cover 200,000 Kms and your competitor is providing an insurance cover for 1 year. The research done with the help of data compiled by your CRM shows that 90% customers cover this distance in 2-2.5 years. Change your campaign strategy based on this data and make sure that you send this message across to your potential customer and make them understand which is the better deal for them.
Helps You with Strategic Marketing Management
Optimizing your web presence is necessary in a time where customers spent a significant amount of their time online, on desktops, laptops or on mobile devices.
Doing so not only helps you successfully market your product to the potential leads and customers, but also helps you with your organization's strategic marketing.
Outreach Emails for Backlink
Google features the websites that have high domain authority and establishing your site's backlinks on such websites is rewarding but time-consuming. Depending on the number of such superior quality websites you have a huge list that you need to complete to get your website in the required place.
A CRM helps you in this process by:
Keeping the records of all link-building projects; prevents over communication and spamming a potential partner channel
Sharing all the records with the team that is involved with the whole strategic marketing process, keeping everyone on the same page
Creating accurate records of all the conversations and every deal made for easy record keeping and real-time access
Example: You can filter everything with two different pipelines. One, which holds the outreach information to every high domain authority sites and another one that has the information of the websites with comparatively lesser domain authority.
Outreach Emails for Partnering
Like any other sales process, collaborating with other websites involves contracts, deliverables, and invoices and having a CRM makes the workflow a lot smoother. CRMs help you maintain healthy partnerships with timely reminders of the payments and the tasks or deliverables that are decided as per the agreement.
CRM can help a business with various verticals such as optimize their internal team collaboration and communication with their clients. Some of them are mentioned here. We hope that you will find them useful for making your daily tasks a bit simpler.
You must reach out to your teams and ask for the feedback of the difficulties they face while on the job and decide on how CRM can be more beneficial to them in keeping the sales process working. If you are looking for more assistance on how Salesmate CRM can come in handy for your business, then do contact us for the same and we will guide you in the right direction.
Update, Nov. 9: In the wee hours of Sunday morning, Wisconsin's state Senate passed a bill that ends the requirement for donors to disclose their employers when giving to state-level campaigns or other political committees. The bill, along with others that would raise contribution limits, eliminates the Government Accountability Board and allow coordination between candidates and nonprofit issue advocacy groups, must be reconciled with language in the Assembly's versions of the legislation before going to Gov. Scott Walker for their signature.
State senators in Wisconsin may eliminate language in the Assembly-passed overhaul of the state's campaign finance laws that would do away with donors having to disclose their employers.
Many of the changes in the bill — scheduled for a vote in the state Senate on Friday — are designed to allow campaigns, political parties and other organizations to raise more money from a variety of sources. Other provisions would allow for explicit coordination between candidates and groups running “issue ads” that mention those candidates — while the groups raise unlimited contributions from undisclosed sources.
There are strong feelings on both sides about those measures. But the provision that would eliminate the requirement that campaigns disclose the employers of their donors has received less attention. Each donor's occupation would still be reported, but no information about the specific company or organization for which they or they work would be available to the public from campaign finance reports. The stated justification for the change is to reduce the burden on campaigns and donors while still providing information about the background of the contributor.
The proposal is misguided in critical ways and would lead to less transparency in the system.
At the Center for Responsive Politics, we've spent decades working to understand the dynamics of campaign finance. As that work has evolved, we've come to understand the critical role that economic interests play in the financial support of political organizations. Contributions from individuals representing specific economic interests have grown in importance in federal campaigns, magnifying the role of these interests in the system.
Some of the changes are simply results of changes in the federal law. One largely forgotten provision of the Bipartisan Campaign Reform Act of 2002 (better known as McCain-Feingold) was the doubling and indexing for inflation of individual contribution limits. So the limit for an individual donor to a campaign — $1,000 per election before the law was enacted and $2,000 just after — has now become $2,800 per election. The limit for PAC contributions to candidates (which we once thought of as the primary way that companies and other interests participated in the process) remains unchanged at $5,000 per election from each PAC. So, while it used to take five individuals to equal the contributing power of a PAC, it now takes fewer than three maxed-out donors to give the same amount.
Perhaps as a result, the percentage of campaign funds that comes from PACs has declined slightly since 2000 for Senate and House campaigns, but the ability of industries and other interests to make their presence felt in campaign budgets is in no way diminished. We know this only because we are able to aggregate contributions from individuals based on their employer — not just their occupation. That information has consistently shown that leaders of corporations, business associations and other organizations have significantly increased their individual giving, ensuring access to candidates and elected officials that is critical to protecting their interests in Washington.
More specifically, we've seen major growth in giving by people in important segments of the economy. Individuals working in the sector of the economy that includes financial, insurance and real estate interest, along with PACs and organizations in that sector gave a total of $320 million to federal political committees in the 2000 election cycle. Individuals gave $163 million of that, while $47 million came from PACs and $110 million was given as ‘soft money' to parties from companies and individuals in the sector. During the last presidential cycle in 2012, the comparable totals were $443 million for individuals, $81 million for PACs and $153 million given to outside groups. So while money from PACs and outside sources in this critical segment of the economy increased somewhat since 2000, growth in individual contributions was nearly three times greater.
We wouldn't know this without access to information about individual contributors' employers. Without employer disclosure we would only have been able to document the PACs that represent these industries – which was 15% of their money in 2000 and 11% in 2012. The vast majority of the power of these interests in federal campaigns would have been invisible.
Good disclosure isn't just about providing some information about donors. Its about giving voters useful information about how politics is funded. Is it sufficient to know, for example, that a donor's occupation is “Medical Director” or is it more relevant within this context to know that this person's employer is Pfizer, Inc.? Knowing only that someone is a CEO, or an accountant or attorney, while helpful in some respects, would prevent voters from knowing how specific companies or their industries and sectors are changing their behavior and seeking influence through political donations. The information written in the “occupation” field is simply too vague or subjective too much of the time.
Or it's downright wacky or hostile. Intentionally misleading or snarky descriptions we've run across include “Maverick,” “Messiah,” “Domestic Engineer,” “Domestic Slave” and “Jesus Christ.”
In a recent appearance at Harvard University Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy restated the Court majority's belief that disclosure is critical to a proper campaign finance regulatory regime, saying that, “You live in this cyber age. A report can be done in 24 hours.” But, they added, “that's not working the way it should.”
Real transparency means carefully tying the required information to a meaningful and accurate understanding of what is happening and who the important participants really are. Changes like the one being considered now in Wisconsin are steps in the wrong direction; the state Senate shouldn't allow the provision in the Assembly's bill to survive.
For permission to reprint for commercial uses, such as textbooks, contact the Center: Feel free to distribute or cite this material, but please credit the Center for Responsive Politics.For permission to reprint for commercial uses, such as textbooks, contact the Center: [email protected]
Larry Page, the billionaire co-founder of Google, is secretly backing a pair of startups that are working on flying cars, according to a report.
Since 2010, Page has poured more than $100 million into Zee.Aero, a company that lately has been testing two flying-car prototypes at an airport hangar in Hollister, Calif., Bloomberg said Thursday, citing sources.
Since last year, Page also has been funding another flying-car startup called Kitty Hawk — and has cast it as a rival to Zee.Aero as they stage a top-secret race to develop a new class of vehicles that can soar above traffic jams and sidestep the hassles of the airport, Bloomberg said.
“Page has drawn a line separating their two flying-car teams,” the report said. “It's common for the Zee.Aero engineers to speculate over lunch about what their Kitty Hawk counterparts are up to.”
Zee.Aero, which has tapped top talent from firms like SpaceX, NASA and Boeing, is headquartered in a 30,000-square-foot building right next to Google's home offices in Mountain View, Calif., according to the article.
Inside, Page initially set up a “man cave” on the second floor, outfitted with a bedroom, bathroom, expensive paintings, a “treadmill-like climbing wall,” and one of SpaceX's first rocket engines — a gift from Page's pal Elon Musk, according to the report.
Page's upstairs bunker earned them the nickname “GUS” from Zee.Aero employees — short for “guy upstairs,” the report said.
Zee.Aero has since expanded to 150 employees and moved Page out of the second floor.
The company also runs a manufacturing facility on a NASA research campus at the edge of Mountain View, according to the article.
Meanwhile, Kitty Hawk, which employs about a dozen engineers and has its headquarters about half a mile away from Zee.Aero, is working on “something that resembles a giant version of a quadcopter drone,” according to Bloomberg.
Kitty Hawk's president, according to 2015 business filings, was Sebastian Thrun, th­e creator of Google's self-driving car program and the founder of its research division Google X, whose “moonshot” projects have included artificial intelligence and robotics.
“Page once vowed to a colleague that if their involvement in the sector ever became public, they might pull support from the companies,” the report said.
Iris Plants Database ==================== Notes ----- Data Set Characteristics: :Number of Instances: 150 (50 in each of three classes) :Number of Attributes: 4 numeric, predictive attributes and the class :Attribute Information: - sepal length in cm - sepal width in cm - petal length in cm - petal width in cm - class: - Iris-Setosa - Iris-Versicolour - Iris-Virginica :Summary Statistics: ============== ==== ==== ======= ===== ==================== Min Max Mean SD Class Correlation ============== ==== ==== ======= ===== ==================== sepal length: 4.3 7.9 5.84 0.83 0.7826 sepal width: 2.0 4.4 3.05 0.43 -0.4194 petal length: 1.0 6.9 3.76 1.76 0.9490 (high!) petal width: 0.1 2.5 1.20 0.76 0.9565 (high!) ============== ==== ==== ======= ===== ==================== :Missing Attribute Values: None :Class Distribution: 33.3% for each of 3 classes. :Creator: R.A. Fisher :Donor: Michael Marshall (MARSHALL%PLU@io.arc.nasa.gov) :Date: July, 1988 This is a copy of UCI ML iris datasets. http://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Iris The famous Iris database, first used by Sir R.A Fisher This is perhaps the best known database to be found in the pattern recognition literature. Fisher's paper is a classic in the field and is referenced frequently to this day. (See Duda & Hart, for example.) The data set contains 3 classes of 50 instances each, where each class refers to a type of iris plant. One class is linearly separable from the other 2; the latter are NOT linearly separable from each other. References ---------- - Fisher,R.A. "The use of multiple measurements in taxonomic problems" Annual Eugenics, 7, Part II, 179-188 (1936); also in "Contributions to Mathematical Statistics" (John Wiley, NY, 1950). - Duda,R.O., & Hart,P.E. (1973) Pattern Classification and Scene Analysis. (Q327.D83) John Wiley & Sons. ISBN 0-471-22361-1. See page 218. - Dasarathy, B.V. (1980) "Nosing Around the Neighborhood: A New System Structure and Classification Rule for Recognition in Partially Exposed Environments". IEEE Transactions on Pattern Analysis and Machine Intelligence, Vol. PAMI-2, No. 1, 67-71. - Gates, G.W. (1972) "The Reduced Nearest Neighbor Rule". IEEE Transactions on Information Theory, May 1972, 431-433. - See also: 1988 MLC Proceedings, 54-64. Cheeseman et al"s AUTOCLASS II conceptual clustering system finds 3 classes in the data. - Many, many more ...
The Associated Press - PROVIDENCE, R.I. (AP) -- State legislators have introduced a bill that would help make it easier to share services between towns and cities in an effort to decrease costs.
The Joint Municipal Shared Services Study Commission announced the legislation Friday along with Lt. Gov. Daniel McKee, who worked with the commission's leaders on the bill. The sponsors say it will allow for voluntary agreements between cities, towns, fire districts, school districts and other taxing authorities.
The commission says this would be the best way to take advantage of the state's small size and population.
Gov. Gina Raimondo signed an executive order in February to address growing municipal costs. Raimondo has set aside $100,000 in the state's budget for a municipal innovation fund to support collaborative, innovative projects.
McKee's office has sent a survey to each town to determine which services they might share.
Socialist Appeal - British section of the International Marxist Tendency: the Marxist voice of labour and youth.
Pentrich in Derbyshire is a quiet place these days. But in 1817 it was the centre of a plot to overthrow the Government of the day.almost continuously until 1815. When war ended, the economy slumped. It was the poor who had borne the brunt of the fightingeconomic and social fallout from the subsequent peace.
Pentrich is a small settlement a few miles north-west of Ripley, just inside the eastern border of Derbyshire. It is a quiet place these days but in 1817 it had a pub, the White Horse, in which was fomented a plot to overthrow the Government of the day.
Wars kill large numbers of people. These do not usually include the capitalists and their toadying politicians whose interests and self-seeking activities caused the war in the first place. Wars also create demand – the economy booms and while it lasts there may even be full employment, plenty of overtime and workers with spare money to spend. Hard-faced men supplying the war effort do even better.
When wars end, the economy usually goes into a rapid and severe slump. Demand falls off and large numbers of those who have been fighting cannot find work in civilian life. Britain had been at war with Revolutionary and Napoleonic France almost continuously from 1793 to 1815. When war ended, the economy plummeted into slump. As always, it was the poor who had borne the brunt of the fighting in these wars that had not been of their making. Now they were required to bear the economic and social fallout from the subsequent peace.
Britain's ruling elite hated the democratic principles which had underpinned the early stages of the French Revolution and had been determined that nothing similar could be allowed to happen here. The same democratic principles which disgusted the well-to-do and powerful inspired a wave of radicalism and idealism among sizeable layers of middle-class and working class opinion. These feelings survived the wars with France and so when they ended, there was a widespread belief that the corruption and narrow base of power that characterised British politics needed to be swept away and replaced by institutions which would better represent the ordinary people and act to address their needs. For their part, the ruling elite stood four­square against any manner of democratic political reform. Never in modern times, has there been such a reactionary political elite.
Jeremiah Brandreth
In 1817 a small number of half-starved labourers, stockingers and weavers met in the White Horse Inn in Pentrich and made plans for a march on London. This it was believed would gather support as it went and the intention was that it would turn into a mass uprising to topple the Government. The leader was Jeremiah Brandreth. It may well be that the planning of the uprising was largely the work of an agent-provocateur, a shadowy figure often referred to as Oliver the Spy. Their job was to join and gain the confidence of groups of political dissidents and then foment 'subversive' activity. The authorities would be alerted and poised ready to catch those involved and make an example of them.
The threat of internal unrest and rebellion could then be used as the excuse to strengthen political repression. In 1817 Habeas Corpus (the right to no imprisonment without a trial) was suspended while the Seditious Meetings Act was intended to suppress all organisations committed to political reform. Both the Government and local magistrates in the industrial districts made systematic use of spies and infiltrators in radical movements. Snippets of information about their activities filtered out from time to time and aroused considerable concern even among those not necessarily supportive of radical or democratic causes. Ironically the Government argued that these measures were required in order to maintain the much vaunted liberties of the 'free-born Englishman'. The half-starved wretches of town and country wondered what on earth these so-called liberties actually were.
The working class was in a state of ferment. There was extreme economic distress, large-scale unemployment especially in the textile and iron-manufacturing trades and soaring inflation – all the ingredients that understandably led many to seek extreme measures to change their political and economic situation. In the post-war depression starving miners went on strike in Somerset, the North-east and the Black Country. The Luddites of the East Midlands, Yorkshire and Lancashire engaged in strikes and sabotage as a way of fighting against the reduction of wages and the loss of jobs associated with the introduction of new machinery, particularly in the textile and hosiery industries.
While working people did not necessarily win all these disputes, they were groping towards an understanding that they could rely only on their own solidarity and collective action as a class. They also learned that the law was not an impartial institution. Their experiences taught them that the courts were presided over by men sympathetic only to the interests of the rich and powerful. They dispensed 'justice' according to their own narrow class viewpoint and used the armed might of the State, particularly the yeomanry, to back up their determination to keep those they considered to be the 'unwashed masses' in their place. They were incensed when such people took action, fighting for a living wage and to keep jobs, especially when these struggles were associated with demands for some say in political matters. This was an affront to the traditional right of the rich and powerful to abuse and exploit the poor and expect them to be grateful for the experience.
In Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire distress was greatest among what were known as the hand-workers, especially those in the textile and hosiery industries who owned or hired their simple tools and machines. They were proud of their skills and saw their livelihoods being threatened by the loss of jobs which came from the replacement of handicraft work by labour-saving machinery.
On 9 June 1817 two hundred, perhaps a maximum of three hundred men, mostly stockingers, quarrymen, ironworkers and a few agricultural labourers, gathered at Pentrich, muttering angrily about changing economic forces over which they had no control. They had a few ancient firearms, blunderbusses and pikes, scythes and bludgeons. They trudged off in the dark and the pouring rain intent on covering the 14 miles to Nottingham during the night. The rain literally had a dampening effect on them and their morale, and ones and twos held back in the darkness and then went home. En route the marchers called at farms and houses demanding arms and support. At one such dwelling where they were told in no uncertain terms to clear off. Brandreth, who was a loose cannon, was so angry that they foolishly fired a shot through a window and killed a farm servant.
This did little to reinvigorate the flagging spirits but Brandreth had invented some verses which they insisted they should sing lustily as they went along. One of them went like this:
Every man their skill must try, They must turn out and not deny; No bloody soldier must they dread, They must turn out and fight for bread. The time is come you plainly see The government opposed must be. No, it's not great poetry and it's possible that after a few miles, Brandreth was just about the only person in the soaking-wet party who believed that there was a purpose to the mission. They themselves was utterly convinced that the authorities would abandon Nottingham as soon as they knew the insurgents were on their way, that tens of thousands would rise up all over the land and the government in London would be forced to give in to their demands. They were in touch with other disaffected groups elsewhere, for example around the Huddersfield district of West Yorkshire, and they were sure that they would likewise march on London, gathering support as they went. They tried to boost the dejected feelings of their followers by promises of roast beef and ale but they were careful enough not to say when. So they proceeded towards Nottingham managing to make a considerable amount of noise. But when dawn broke they became only too aware that they were wet through, hungry, most were frightened and those that were left were demoralized, since it was evident that many of their number had slipped away in the dark. Brandreth became even more volatile and threatened to shoot anyone who, as they put it, deserted. When a small force of hussars came in sight at Eastwood, outside Nottingham, most of the marchers simply dropped whatever weapons they had and ran. They were mainly rounded up within a few hours. The `Pentrich Uprising' was something of a fiasco. The Government was determined to make an example of the Pentrich rebels. Thirty-five men were tried at Derby accused of treason and levying war against the King. The reality was that they were half-starved, insecure and desperate to find a way to put bread on the table. They saw the rich and the powerful and their political and legal system as their oppressors. They were of course absolutely right in this but there was no way in which the system that oppressed them was going to be overthrown by a ragged handful of desperate men with such callow leadership. The authorities fastidiously handpicked a jury whose members could be depended upon to view the evidence in the way the Government required. Only two lawyers were allowed to appear for the Defence. The Prosecution was represented by no less than ten. Some of the accused were pardoned and some transported but Brandreth and two others were hung, drawn and quartered at Derby. Great care was taken to insure that the doings of Oliver the Spy never reached the proceedings of the court. In their summing up, the judge loftily and self-righteously declared, "A crime is no less a crime because the man who commits it is poor." With their class background they certainly aren't going to utter the words, "A crime is often less a crime because the man who commits it is rich." Warming to their theme, they snarled at the defendants, "Your object was to wade through the blood of your countrymen, to extinguish the law and the constitution of your country, and to sacrifice the property, the liberties, and the lives of your fellow subjects, to confusion, anarchy and the most complete tyranny."
The poet Shelley was outraged by the Government's draconian reaction to this localised and abortive uprising. They knew that, for all its shortcomings, Pentrich was indicative of the widespread and justified grievances of working people assailed by economic forces over which they had no control and ruled by a tyrannical Government who regarded them with callous contempt. They used the event to write a pamphlet with the curious subtitle of We pity the Plumage but forget the Dying Bird. In this they point to the day of national mourning called for the death of Princess Charlotte. They were the only daughter of the future George IV, one of the greatest wastrels ever to occupy the British throne. As such the Princess had never wanted for anything in their life but equally had never done anything useful either. Shelley contrasts this event with the treatment meted out to starving working men.
It was just a couple of years later in 1819 that Shelley produced what is probably their angriest work. This was 'The Masque of Anarchy', a long, complicated poem with the well-known line, / met murder on the way, they had a mask like Castlereagh. Viscount Castlereagh was a notoriously reactionary cabinet minister in the Conservative government under Lord Liverpool which came into office in 1816. It is clear that they and other leading government figures were prepared to stoop to any measures in order to maintain the power of their class. This determination to prevent root-and-branch change is something of which all socialists must take note. No ruling class in history ever voluntarily gave up its power. It is a testament to the strength of the ideas controlled by the ruling class both then and also now that many people are astonished when the State sheds its veneer of 'impartiality' and resorts to naked force in order to maintain its power.
In modern advanced capitalist countries the ruling class greatly prefers to govern through institutions which it controls but which give the illusion that the adult population has full and democratic control over the decision-making processes. While nothing could be further from the truth, as socialists we still have to defend those democratic advances which were won by our predecessors in the movement. At the same time we must always be aware that those gains were made out of struggles when the balance of class forces temporarily favoured the organisations of the working class. What the ruling class is forced to concede at one stage, it will grab back ruthlessly later if working people and their organisations are not vigilant and determined. To safeguard such gains and as the only way to move on to the effective defence and development of the interests of ordinary working people and their families, the movement needs to be equipped with a socialist programme. Such a programme has to absorb the lessons of past struggles.
In the wake of President Trump firing FBI director James Comey, who was heading a Bureau probe into the Trump campaign's ties to Russia, a White House official has now called for those investigations to end.
SEE ALSO: FBI Director James Comey thought Trump's firing them was a prank
Speaking with Tucker Carlson on FOX News Tuesday night, Principal Deputy White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said that it's "time to move on" from looking into the president's possible Kremlin connections.
"It's time to move on," said Sanders, "frankly, it's time to focus on the things the American people care about."
Click through reaction to Trump's firing of James Comey:
22 PHOTOS Reaction to Trump's firing of James Comey See Gallery Reaction to Trump's firing of James Comey But does anyone seriously believe @realDonaldTrump fired the top person investigating their ties to Russia because they were unfair to Hillary? Trump firing Comey shows how frightened the Admin is over Russia investigation Gov. John Kasich statement on James Comey https://t.co/Wrwj6sGqnz Removal of Director Comey only confirms need for select cmte to investigate #Russia's interference in 2016 election https://t.co/LfKlwSw6iQ EVERYONE who cares about independence & rule of law in America should be "troubled by the timing and reasoning" of… https://t.co/NZY4qh3uiz This is Nixonian. Deputy AG Rod Rosenstein must immediately appoint a special prosecutor to continue the Trump/Russia investigation. Firing of Comey tainted by extraordinary conflict of interest. Independent prosecutor must be appointed to restore… https://t.co/lXBIJtTf18 First Pres Trump fired Sally Yates, then Preet Bharara. Now #Comey. Doesn't seem like an accident. We must have a special prosecutor. If we don't get a special prosecutor, every American will rightfully suspect that the decision to fire #Comey was part of a cover-up. We are in a full-fledged constitutional crisis. Comey's fired, which means Trump must be one of the few people in DC that the FBI doesn't have something on. My statement on James Comey https://t.co/NWBR8FGTCf Elijah Cummings is calling for "immediate emergency hearings". https://t.co/iMsNmdPmHi LEAHY: "This is nothing less than Nixonian." https://t.co/n4R4fWSgib Sen. John McCain on Comey firing: "I regret that that took place. The president does have that authority, so I resp… https://t.co/pSEu3XXsj5 Statement on FBI Director Comey ➡ https://t.co/vB822Nw5OR This should not be sugar coated. Firing Comey is up there in terms of the scariest things Trump has done. I am troubled by the timing and reasoning of Director Comey's termination. My staff and I are reviewing legislation to establish an independent commission on Russia. The second paragraph of… https://t.co/qcm1PiFkNG Ds were against Comey before they were for him. U.S. Senator Susan Collins' Statement on Director Comey #mepolitics https://t.co/LHCcbPJMsb https://t.co/xNUeGvENlv Firing Comey has the foul stench of an attempt to stop an ongoing investigation into collusion between the Trump campaign and the Russians. Up Next See Gallery Discover More Like This HIDE CAPTION SHOW CAPTION of SEE ALL BACK TO SLIDE
"It's been going on for nearly a year. Frankly, it's kind of getting absurd. There's nothing there. We've heard it time and time again. We heard it in the testimonies earlier this week. We've heard it for the last 11 months. There is no 'there' there. It's time to move on, and frankly, it's time to focus on things the American people care about."
Sanders reiterated their stance on "Morning Joe" Wednesday when asked if Russian investigations will continue. "I know that person after person, including your own Joe Scarborough, have said there's no evidence of collusion here. They've been pushing on this for months."
"I've got to interrupt. I said there's no obvious evidence FBI collusion out there right now and if there were that obvious evidence and collusion it would have already been leaked by now," said host Joe Scarborough. "I also think there has to be an in depth investigation because it may take, I think probably an independent prosecutor to figure out the financial ties between Donald Trump and Russia," they said.
Fellow host Mika Brzezinski added, saying to Sanders, "You're actually not telling the truth right now."
Sander's comments come as multiple members of Congress, both Republicans and Democrats, call not only for the investigation to continue, but in light of Comey's firing, for a special prosecutor to be assigned to the investigation.
"I have long called for a special congressional committee to investigate Russia's interference in the 2016 election," said Republican Senator John McCain in a statement on Tuesday. "The president's decision to remove the FBI Director only confirms the need and the urgency of such a committee."
Republican Rep. Justin Amash of Michigan echoed McCain's call for a private investigation saying they and their staff are currently, "reviewing legislation to establish an independent commission on Russia." Amash also called the second paragraph of President Trump's letter firing Comey "bizarre."
Democratic Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer urged Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein on Tuesday that if they "does not appoint an independent special prosecutor, every American will rightly suspect that the decision to fire Director Comey was part of a cover-up."
It's been far too long since since my last dive, and even longer since my last dive at La Jolla. Rick joined me for a CCR dive from the marine room out to the wall for a fun, 130 minute dive to a max of 90 ft for me, although they dropped below 100.
Highlights of the dive include all the little red octos (of course!) but the cormorant fishing off our lights definitely stole the show! I've never seen one before, and it snagged a fish right in front of me less than my arms length away! I had to stop shooting octos because I thought I'd blow their cover with my focus light.
Todays setup was a new one for me, my Nikon D90 with a Nikon 40mm macro behind a minidome, which I think worked out pretty well! Oh yeah, another first for today was a bunch of flatfish pecking at a nudibranch, I've never seen that before.
Saturday night in India's most cosmopolitan city and one question is on the lips – or fingertips – of many partygoers. "Anyone knows where #Dhoble is going to strike tonight?" tweets one hedonist, referring to the Mumbai police chief who has become the first Indian cop to trend on Twitter.
To their fans, assistant police commissioner Vasant Dhoble is a modern-day hero who is doing their damnedest to save Mumbai from degeneracy. Armed with a hockey stick and a stiff moral code, they claim to work from 9.30am to 6am, carrying out up to four raids every day in their mission to clean up the city's bars and clubs. To their detractors, the 54-year-old police officer is Inspector Killjoy, an overzealous party-pooper armed with a raft of archaic laws who is on a misguided mission to wipe out the nightlife for which Mumbai has become rich and famous.
Last week the National Commission for Women (NCW). a statutory body representing the rights of women, ordered an inquiry into one of Dhoble's most notorious raids, which led to tourists being paraded in front of TV cameras and falsely branded as prostitutes.
The commission took action after being petitioned by Tehseen Poonawalla, a young entrepreneur who accuses Dhoble of "Talibanising" the city, following the raid at Mumbai's Voodoo bar in which four German women were filmed crying and telling police they were not sex workers but had simply read about the bar in their guidebook. A separate inquiry has also been ordered after dozens of partygoers were forced – apparently illegally – to give blood and urine samples following a raid in the upmarket Juhu district.
Dhoble's admirers insist they are simply carrying out orders in order to make Mumbai a nicer place to live. "He is bold, courageous and fearless," said Prashant Sharma, comparing Dhoble to Mangal Pandey, a young Brahmin soldier who in 1857 sparked a war of rebellion against the British. Sharma is a member of a group called Citizens for Better Mumbai, along with 18-year-old Shurbhi Sharma, who complains about those who "portray the police as goons and the goons as heroes". Others see more sinister powers at play.
"I think this is an attempt to divert attention away from the real problems in Mumbai, like corruption," said Vivek Bohra, a teetotal Bollywood film writer and producer, who supports the Mumbai Unite campaign, which is agitating for a modernisation of the drinking and partying legislation.
The group – run by Nisha Bedi, a gossip columnist and former Miss Mumbai, who was once stripsearched after police raided what they called a "rave party" – has drafted a petition to be sent to the chief minister of Maharashtra. It argues that Mumbai's police are misusing their powers and violating the Indian constitution, which grants all citizens "the right to life and liberty" – and with it, damaging Mumbai's "international colour and reputation".
Until the laws are changed, Mumbaikars are taking extra precautions. "I can't believe I'm having to do this," said Parveen Dusanj, a 37-year-old TV producer. But after recently getting stopped by the police on the way home from a dinner party, they felt they had no alternative. They have cleared space in their diary this week to troop down to Customs House in the south of Mumbai and hand over 1,000 rupees for a piece of paper they only recently realised they needed if they fancied a beer in a bar, or even a glass of wine at home.
Under the Bombay Prohibition Act 1949, anyone planning to consume alcohol in Mumbai needs to be in possession of a so-called "drinking permit". For most of its 60-odd years, the law was roundly ignored. Then Dhoble was made head of the city's social services unit in February 2011 and, having apparently been given a mission to check "moral bankruptcy" in society, started an energetic crackdown on any establishment falling foul of a string of laws dating back as far as the 1800s. Two raids propelled Dhoble on to the front cover of magazines, inspiring numerous spoof Twitter accounts and even a special song. First, in April, they were caught on camera wielding a hockey stick while shutting down a juice bar which they claimed was abusing the terms of its licence. Then, in May, they raided a party at the swanky Oakwood hotel, arresting 96 people, including IPL cricketers Rahul Sharma and Wayne Parnell. The sons of two state ministers were also booked. Forty-four of those arrested tested positive for drugs, according to police.
The feeling of a moral crusade intensified in June when a 55-year-old amateur chocolatier was fined under a long forgotten law which decreed that no individual was allowed to keep more than 12 units of alcohol in their own home. Mumbai's bakeries have now taken boozy cakes and rum-and-raisin chocolate bars off the shelves while they hurriedly apply for their own permits.
In another controversial case, police allegedly tried to make a 22-year-old pay 12,000 rupees (£140) after they invited some friends round to their parents' house for dinner, invoking legislation which they claimed banned anyone having guests in their home after midnight. Dhoble has been banned from talking to the press, but invites the Guardian into their windowless office for a cup of sweet cardamom tea anyway, and makes no attempt to hide the hockey stick propped up behind their desk. On the desk is a pile of bulging files held together with string containing letters from Mumbaikars reporting bars and clubs for various violations. In another room is the computer containing what they call their "database" – a list of potential targets, which they claim runs to more than 1,000 establishments.
Before they arrived, the social services police branch that they head up was known to conduct four or five raids per week, mostly to bust prostitution rackets and establishments that employed child labour. So far this year Dhoble has carried out 180 raids and claims to have "rescued" more than 400 women and girls and made 1,200 arrests. They would argue they have the support of all but a handful of the city's residents – and an unscientific poll carried out by the Guardian in the city centre last week suggests they are right, with nine out of 10 people saying they thought they were doing a good job.
A Blackberry held together with Sellotape rings constantly as they sit on a chair covered with a white towel and explains that they are a humble law enforcer. Not everyone sees them that way. Last month, a business person owning the department store opposite police HQ got in trouble after hanging an enormous banner outside the building lambasting Dhoble's work. Measuring 60ft by 100ft, the banner declared in red capital letters: "WE LOVE OUR PRIVACY & OUR PARTYING. STOP PUNISHING INNOCENT REVELLERS. START PUNISHING GUILTY CRIMINALS, SIR!"
It had been up barely a week when Viren Shah, the landlord of Roopan, received a cease and desist notice from the city council. "I'm not saying everyone arrested is innocent," said Shah, "but people who are innocent should not be harassed by the police. People from all over the world come to party in Mumbai and they should not be punished for the actions of the few."Dhoble is not just cracking down on drinking and drug-taking, but also dancing. Citing another long-forgotten law, they fined bars and discos which allowed more than 10 couples on the dancefloor. Mumbai's two top clubs, Trilogy and China House, have shut while they await the numerous permits it turns out they need to ply their trade.
The owner of one upmarket bar in the Bandra area of the city said their takings had decreased by 25% in the past six weeks. "We're seeing fewer women in particular – they are frightened of being shoved in front of the TV cameras and branded as prostitutes just because they are out having a drink in a short dress," said the manager, who did not want to be named for fear of ending up on Dhoble's database. "No one wants to go out to have a good time, only to end up being subjected to blood tests and branded a whore."
India's surprise crackdowns
• In December last year, police in Ghaziabad, near Delhi, forced young men on the pull to do sit-ups as a punishment for "misleading" girls. The aim, said officers, was to "stop innocent girls from being trapped by boys with evil motives".
• Last month three young people, including two girls, were jailed for kissing drunkenly near a mall in Gurgaon, just outside Delhi. Under section 294 of the Indian penal code, it is a criminal offence if anyone commits any obscene act, sings, recites or utters any obscene words, in or near any public space.
• In the southern state of Kerala last year all schools were told to ban pupils from "cinematic dancing"; in other words, copying the raunchy moves made popular by the hit TV show Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa (India's answer to Strictly) and the racier end of Bollywood.
• Last September, a tomato-throwing festival modelled on Valencia's famous La Tomatina was banned in Bangalore and Mysore because it was deemed a waste of food and "against Indian culture".
You can come out now Harold! Doomsday prophet remains in hiding as world survives Rapture... AGAIN
We can all let out a sigh of relief, the Apocalypse doesn't seem to be now after all.
According to Doomsday prophet Harold Camping October 21 was meant to be the end of the world.
California preacher Harold Camping had already stirred a global frenzy when they prophesised humanity would be wiped out in the rapture on May 21 with a series of earthquakes followed by months of torment for those left behind.
Harold Camping: The radio preacher made a name for themselves and Family Radio by predicting the world would end on May 21 - then again on October 21
This time around, their ministry has avoided the media and perhaps a repeat of the international mockery that followed the last supposed day of apocalypse.
Mr Camping's daughter Susan Espinoza told Winnipeg News: 'I'm sorry to disappoint you, but we at Family Radio have been directed to not talk to the media or the press.'
Calls to the ministry in Oakland went straight to answerphone message and were not returned.
However Mr Camping's prediction of the Rapture came with an edge of caution this time around.
Now what? Followers were crestfallen when the rapture did not occur, particularly those who had quit their jobs or donated their life savings
They said: 'I really am beginning to think as I've restudied these matters that there's going to be no big display of any kind. The end is going to come very, very quietly.'
And it appears that Mr Camping is at least partially right with that prediction.
Doomsday believers were conspicuous by their absence after their highly visible presence across American cities back in May.
There were also none of the 5,000 billboards posted around the country that declared Judgment Day was at hand.
It's about to happen... er, no it's not: Activists who believed that 'Judgement Day' would happen on May 21 this year took to the streets of New York
Mr Camping, who suffered a mild stroke three weeks after their prediction failed to materialise in May, still spreads the word through their Family Radio International website.
God's judgement and salvation were completed on May 21, Mr Camping said in a message explaining the mix-up in their biblical math.
They said that Christ put the 'unsaved' into judgement on that date, but that it will not be physically seen until today.
Quieter return: There have been no billboards put up like the ones before May 21
Spread the word: Followers of Mr Camping had paid for 5,000 billboards to be put up around the country
'Thus we can be sure that the whole world, with the exception of those who are presently saved (the elect), are under the judgement of God, and will be annihilated together with the whole physical world on October 21,' they wrote on the website.
Followers were crestfallen in May when the rapture did not occur, particularly those who had quit their jobs or donated some of their retirement savings or college funds to spread the judgement day message.
Mr Camping said that doomsday would not be marked by natural disasters or blasts of hellfire.
Mr Camping, a retired civil engineer, also prophesied the Apocalypse would come in 1994, but said later that didn't happen because of a mathematical error.
They think it's all over: A history of failed doomsday predictions
Many scientists accept that our planet will one day be consumed by the Sun, but most have calculated that that will not happen for several billion years.
That hasn't stopped humankind repeatedly predicting that the world is about to end though. In fact, doomsday prophecies have been made ever since we started using calendars, with flood, famine, incoming asteroids and nuclear wars among the favoured causes of annihilation.
Biblical scholars point out that in the Book of Matthew, Jesus themselves implies that the world will end within the lifetime of their contemporaries, while a host of scholars made similar predictions in the first millennium.
Prophets: Christopher Columbus, left, predicted the world would end in 1656, while Sir Isaac Newton said the rapture would come in 1948
The craze appears to have reached a peak in Europe in the Middle Ages. In 1500, Protestant reformer Martin Luther proclaimed that 'the kingdom of abominations shall be overthrown' within 300 years.
Others to get in on the act included Christopher Columbus (1656), mathematician John Napier (1688) and astrologer Sir Isaac Newton (1948).
More recently, the fad for making Doomsday predictions has become popular amongst Christian groups in the U.S. According to website Armageddononline, prophecy teacher Doug Clark announced in 1976 that President Jimmy Carter would be 'the president who will meet Mr. 666 - soon',
Doomed: One group announced in 1976 that the world would end while Jimmy Carter was president
And about 50 members of a group called the Assembly of Yahweh gathered at Coney Island, New York, in white robes, awaiting their 'rapture' from a world about to be destroyed on May 25, 1981.
'A small crowd of onlookers watched and waited for something to happen. The members chanted prayers to the beat of bongo drums until sunset. The end did not come,' the website notes.
The year 2000 was also expected to usher in an apocalypse of sorts, with aeroplanes falling from the sky and computer systems crashing. The planet survived.
In the days leading up to September 9, 2009, fans of Armageddon insisted that the world would end - 9/9/9 being the emergency services phone number in the UK and also the number of the Devil - albeit upside down. Surprisingly there wasn't the same hyperbole on June 6, 2006.
But if the world does manage to get through today unscathed, believers won't have to wait too long before another popular Doomsday prediction date looms.
Submitted by Mac Slavo via SHTFPlan.com,
There will be war in the streets of America. Things have been engineered that way.
The scenarios are many, the issues are complex. The current anger from the left, who are violently protesting against President Trump, is just one aspect of it.
But the Pentagon and the U.S. national security structure is increasingly looking towards the shifting demographics around the globe – people have moved from rural areas, and shifted into cities. Where ever conflict stirs, there will be a need for military and SWAT response to the call. Entire cities will be locked down; door to door sweeps will often have violent ends.
Baghdad could be brought home to the streets of America, and the military already knows it.
The powers that be are deeply concerned about the unfolding situations with migrants, illegal immigrants, potential terrorists, political factions, violent protests, arson and riots.
Increasingly, they are training for and expecting a homegrown conflict that will call for them to restore order in a major city – and even hunt down suspects block to block, like in the Boston Marathon bombing incident, while making some significant infringement of our civil liberties.
During the past several years, there have been reports about unannounced urban warfare drills in major U.S. cities, sometimes in coordination with major events; there have also been military training scenarios that have maintained a consistent theme of civil unrest, economic breakdown and widespread riots.
As Intellihub reported:
For years the alternative media has warned about the US military possibly being used against the American people in a time of economic collapse or any sort of martial law scenario. Drills such as Vigilant Guard 2010 have brought widespread attention to the fact that portions of our own military are training to take on crowds of American citizens demanding food and Constitutional rights in a time of crisis. Now, a new release by the website Public Intelligence, once again confirms that as recently as February and March of 2012, US troops at Joint Base Lewis-McChord in Washington were conducting training scenarios for a civil disturbance domestic quick reaction force. A series of photos of the drills shows US troops with crowd control riot shields on the opposite side of actors portraying what can only be described as American citizens.
What does the elite know that we don't?
Now, a major military scholar is calling for the creation of “megacities combat units” – a proposal that is a major and drastic departure from warfare of the past, which has been designed away from cities. Now, military and paramilitary units, as well as local law enforcement, much engage the population itself – with all the unpredictability afforded by a real life, complex situation filled with combatants, non-combatants and friendlies behind any and all doors, etc.
With a heightened focus on terrorism and reigning in undocumented immigrants, there will be a tendency, if we are not careful, for a heightened militarized and police state atmosphere to arise – both at home, and in everyplace that they take the fight.
Major John Spencer, a former Ranger Instructor and scholar at West Point's Modern War Institute called for an armed unit ready for megacities deployment in an op-ed:
Every year, more and more of the world's population moves into cities. The number of megacities is growing exponentially. Both of these global patterns and their inevitable consequences for military operations are well documented. Yet we still do not have units that are even remotely prepared to operate in megacities. If we want to find success on the urban battlefields the US Army will inevitably find itself fighting on in the future, that needs to change. Throughout history, military forces either sought to avoid or simply had no need to engage in urban combat. Most military doctrine, and the strategic theory it is built upon, encourages land forces to bypass, lay siege to, or—if required—isolate and slowly clear cities from the outside in. The great armies of the world have historically fought for cities rather than in cities, a distinction with a significant difference. In cases where military forces had no choice but to operate within cities, the environment, almost without exception, proved very costly in both military and civilian casualties. Today, many armies have accepted that global population growth and urbanization trends will increasingly force military operations into crowded cities, and military forces must therefore be capable of conducting the full range of operations in large, dense urban areas. Army Chief of Staff Gen. Mark Milley recently remarked that the Army “has been designed, manned, trained and equipped for the last 241 years to operate primarily in rural areas.” But that is about to change. Milley continued: […] The conclusions of the SSG research are clear: megacities are unavoidable, they are potentially the most challenging environment the Army has ever faced, and the Army is unprepared to operate in them. […] One ongoing military study of megacities is the NATO Urbanization Project. […] In the project's most recent experiment, the NATO team conducted a wargame to determine the capabilities needed to achieve the goals of three likely missions in 2035: response to mass migration, natural disaster, and inner-city turmoil. Within these missions, the wargame specified that a brigade conduct three operations in a megacity—joint forcible entry, major combat, and subsequent stability operations—without unacceptable levels of military or civilian casualties. […] Of course, urban warfare is not exclusively a future phenomenon. Much has been learned from urban battles in recent history: the Siege of Sarajevo (1992–95); the Battle of Mogadishu (1993); Russian operations in Grozny (1994–95 and 1999–2000); US operations in Baghdad (2003) and Fallujah (2004); Lebanese operations in Nahr al-Bared, Lebanon (2007); and the Second Battle of Donetsk (2014–15). But the broad lessons of these cases have yet to truly inform Army training for urban combat, which for most units consists mainly of tactical training (e.g., room clearing drills with four-man teams). The Army would be much better served by the creation of an entire unit dedicated to preparing to operate in dense urban environments, particularly megacities.
Any way you slice it, the military and the national security infrastructure are watching for cracks in the system.
People are at their wits end, and many are on the edge of poverty – and for many, it just won't take much more to set them loose, and let riots erupt. Whether the system wants those to spread, or wants to suppress and contain them, they know they are coming.
Population pressures, and clashing groups within growing city centers are creating more problems, and compounding old ones.
If the economic stability of a given region were to give way, nearly every megacity would spiral out of control and descend into absolute madness – whether or this continent or any other.
via Nicholas West:
The following Pentagon video was featured by The Intercept and portrays the chilling atmosphere presented by sheer numbers and those who would enter such environments in the pursuit of order. Drills such as “ Unified Quest” run yearly by the U.S. Army took a sharper turn in 2014 toward addressing the problem of combat in megacities – defined as cities with more than 10 million people, of which there already are nearly 25 and projected to total near 40 by the year 2025. The Pentagon's own solicitation early last year called “Thunderstorm Spiral” was a request for “help from technological innovators to take on the future of warfare.” This appeared to indicate that in addition to boots on the ground, an additional pervasive centralized intelligence apparatus would be needed to properly plan for troop movements through such dense but vast environments that also would be made up of networks underground.
Rather than trying to guess what specific crisis may spill over into violence, or bring things to a stand still in traffic or electronic commerce, just consider the piling pressure that is growing in the techno hubs and swelling urban population centers.
New York, Boston, Los Angeles, Chicago, Houston and dozens of enormous cities around the world are all completely vulnerable. Depending upon the political situation, unrest, violence or whatever else could spread across the entire Eastern half of the U.S., and the entire country could face collapse as it has never before known it. It is only a question of timing and circumstance.
Preppers should take all this into account. Modern life may make a connection to the city unavoidable prior to the collapse, but being insufficiently away from major urban centers is definitely a liability in times of crisis. Even outlying neighbors can be subject to looting, natural disaster, grid shutdown, riots, and many other situations. Make arrangements to shelter away from the city, and make sure you can get there safely and quickly when something goes down.
Do not rely on the services or goods of these cities, and get out while you still can. There are some very major crises brewing right now. They are preparing; you should, too.
h/t Nicholas West, Activist Post
Federal prosecutors in Baltimore on Thursday said they will charge a former National Security Agency contractor with violating the Espionage Act, alleging that they made off with “an astonishing quantity” of classified digital and other data over 20 years in what is thought to be the largest theft of classified government material ever.
In a 12-page memo, U.S. Attorney Rod Rosenstein and two other prosecutors laid out a much more far-reaching case against Harold T. Martin III than was previously outlined. They say they took at least 50 terabytes of data and “six full banker's boxes worth of documents,” with much lying open in their home office or kept on their car's back seat and in the trunk. Other material was stored in a shed on their property.
One terabyte is the equivalent of 500 hours' worth of movies.
Martin, who will appear at a detention hearing in U.S. District Court in Baltimore on Friday, also took personal information about government employees as well as dozens of computers, thumb drives and other digital storage devices, the government memo said.
The government has not alleged that Martin passed any material to a foreign government, but contends that if they are released on bail they could do so.
A federal contractor suspected in the leak of powerful National Security Agency hacking tools has been arrested and charged with stealing classified information from the U.S. government, according to court records and U.S. officials familiar with the case. (Monica Akhtar/The Washington Post)
Though they lack a valid U.S. passport, the government said Martin could still flee to a foreign government that might wish to help him. Prosecutors said they have communicated with unnamed people in Russian and in June downloaded information on Russian and other languages.
The prosecutors also said Martin had an “arsenal” of weapons in their home and car, including an assault-rifle-style tactical weapon and a pistol-grip shotgun with a flash suppressor.
In a complaint unsealed earlier this month, the government charged them with felony theft of government property and the unauthorized removal and retention of classified materials, a misdemeanor. The prosecutors said that when an indictment is filed, they expect charges to include “violations of the Espionage Act,” offenses that carry a prison term of up to 10 years for each count.
[NSA contractor thought to have taken classified material the old-fashioned way]
Prosecutors will argue Friday that Martin, 51, of Glen Burnie, Md., presents “a high risk of flight, a risk to the nation and to the physical safety of others,” and that they should not be released from jail.
“The case against the defendant thus far is overwhelming, and the investigation is ongoing,” said Rosenstein, Assistant U.S. Attorney Zachary Myers and trial attorney David Aaron. “The defendant knows, and, if no longer detained, may have access to a substantial amount of highly classified information, which they have flagrantly mishandled and could easily disseminate to others.”
Continued detention without bail is necessary, prosecutors said, because of “the grave and severe danger that pretrial release of the defendant would pose to the national security of the United States.”
Martin's attorneys argued in a memo filed Thursday that their client is not a flight risk and should be released under court-approved conditions pending trial. “The government concocts fantastical scenarios in which Mr. Martin — who, by the government's own admission, does not possess a valid passport — would attempt to flee the country,” wrote public defenders James Wyda and Deborah L. Boardman.
[Read Harold Martin's arguments to be released from detention]
Martin's wife and home are in Maryland, they said. They have served in the U.S. Navy. “There is no evidence they intended to betray their country,” they said. “The government simply does not meet its burden of showing that no conditions of release would reasonably assure Mr. Martin's future appearance in court.”
The government also alleged that Martin took a top-secret document detailing “specific operational plans against a known enemy of the United States.” Prosecutors did not name the enemy. The document, prosecutors said, contained a warning, in capital letters, that said: “This conop [concept of operations] contains information concerning extremely sensitive U.S. planning and operations that will be discussed and disseminated only on an absolute need to know basis.”
Martin was not involved in the operation, the government said, and had no need to have the document or know its specifics.
[Read the government argument to keep former NSA contractor Harold Martin in jail ]
Another document found in their car contained handwritten notes describing NSA's classified computer systems and detailed descriptions of classified technical operations, the prosecutors said.
In an interview before their arrest, Martin denied having taken classified material and only admitted to it when confronted with specific documents, prosecutors said. They had access to classified data beginning in 1996, when they were with the Navy Reserve, and that access continued through their employment with seven private government contractors.
The government alleged that Martin was able to defeat “myriad, expensive controls placed” on classified information.
They said the devices seized show they made extensive use of sophisticated encryption. They also used a sophisticated software tool that runs without being installed on a computer and provides anonymous Internet access, “leaving no digital footprint on the machine,” they said.
In August, a cache of highly sensitive NSA hacking tools mysteriously appeared online. Although investigators have not found conclusive evidence that they were responsible for that, they are the prime suspect, said U.S. officials, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because the investigation is ongoing. That is the event that set off the search that turned up Martin, the officials said.
In July, according to the prosecutors' memo, they watched a video about how law enforcement authorities catch computer users who wish to remain anonymous on the Internet. “He has a demonstrated ability to conceal their online communications and their access to the Internet,” the prosecutors said.
To support their argument that Martin poses a danger to the community, they noted that in late July, they went to Connecticut to buy a “Detective Special” police-package Chevrolet Caprice. While searching their house, the FBI also recovered 10 firearms, only two of which were registered, the government said. Prosecutors said a loaded handgun was found in a case on the floorboard of the Caprice, in violation of Maryland law.
Martin's wife, Deborah Vinson, was “very upset” to learn about their arsenal, prosecutors said, and asked the FBI to take custody of the firearms because they were afraid that they would kill themselves if they “thought it was all over.”
If Martin had taken the classified material “for their own edification, as they have claimed, there would be no reason to keep some of it in their car, and arm themselves as though they were trafficking in dangerous contraband,” prosecutors said.
Downtown Reykjavik. Photo by Matt Cardy/Getty Images
Iceland recently announced it was willing to help with the growing humanitarian disaster in Syria that is sending Syrians fleeing for safety by the thousand to Turkey, Europe, and beyond. The Icelandic government offered to take 50 Syrian refugees in Iceland a country of some 330,000 people. As far as offers of help go, it didn't come off as particularly heartfelt or overwhelming.
In response to their government's paltry offer, Icelanders stepped up to try to fill the humanitarian void. Spurred on by a plea from a leading Icelandic author, and a Facebook event page called “Syria is calling,” more than 10,000 people joined to urge the Icelandic government to do more, many writing to offer up their homes and support.*
Here are a couple of examples of the offers that flooded in over a 24-hour period via the Iceland Review Online:
“I'm happy to look after children, take them to kindergarten, school and wherever they need. I can cook for people and show them friendship and warmth. I can pay the airfare for one small family. I can contribute with my expertise and assist pregnant women with pre-natal care.”
“I have an extra room in a spacious apartment which I am more than happy to share along with my time and overall support.”
“I'm a single mother with a 6-year-old son… We can take a child in need. I'm a teacher and would teach the child to speak, read and write Icelandic and adjust to Icelandic society. We have clothes, a bed, toys and everything a child needs. I would of course pay for the airplane ticket,” Hekla Stefansdottir wrote in another post, according to Agence France-Presse.
The Icelandic government, responding to the posts, said it would consider raising the quota on Syrian refugees. “I believe there is solidarity on that we should do more to respond to the problem, we just have to find out the best way to do it,” Icelandic Prime Minister Sigmundur Davíð Gunnlaugsson said.
Also in Slate, see the latest photographs from the European refugee crisis.
Read more of Slate's coverage of the European migrant crisis.
*Correction, Sept. 2, 2015: This post originally misstated that 10,000 Icelanders had explicitly offered up their homes to Syrian refugees. At the time of publication, more than 10,000 people had joined a Facebook group urging the Icelandic government to do more to help Syrian refugees. Although many offered housing and support, it is unclear how many of the 10,000 offered to pitch in, and how many were from Iceland. The headline has been updated to more accurately reflect this ambiguity.
Mayor John Tory is defending plans to build a one-stop subway extension to Scarborough for more than $2 billion despite new numbers that show ridership for the six-kilometre stretch would see trains that are 80 per cent empty at rush hour. At a public consultation meeting at the Scarborough Civic Centre on Tuesday night, city planning staff unveiled new projections that said by 2031, at its busiest hour in its busiest direction, 7,300 people are expected to ride the new subway.
The new ridership projections for the Scarborough subway extension are about half of the upper range of figures presented to councillors in 2013 when they approved the project. ( Lucas Oleniuk / Toronto Star file photo )
That ridership number is half of the upper range of figures presented to councillors in 2013 when they approved the extension. At the time, city planning staff said that between 9,500 and 14,000 would ride the subway, but since then the projections have been revised downward to accommodate the effect of the planned SmartTrack line and design changes that reduced the number of stops from three to one. “I can't speak to the numbers that were bandied around before I was here, but I can say that the numbers we're looking at today make this a project that we should do and we must do, and I continue to be very committed to it,” Tory said at a transit announcement at the TTC's Greenwood yard Wednesday afternoon. The mayor said they believe recent reports on the shrinking numbers have been “misleading,” arguing other terminal subway stations have similar ridership — an argument also championed by senior city planning staff.
Article Continued Below
When asked whether that ridership justified the more than $2 billion cost, Tory insisted they were planning for the future and predicted the extension would be a “huge success.” At least one city councillor says new numbers are “a huge concern” and may warrant reopening the fractious debate about the transit project.
Councillor Paul Ainslie, who attended Tuesday's meeting, said the new projections barely meet the demand for a light rail line, let alone a subway. “It's a huge concern for me. The viability of a subway stop is supposed to be about 14,000 people, and that's half. So we might have to have a conversation at city hall about, you know, what we're doing with our transit dollars,” said Ainslie (Ward 43, Scarborough East). “Because my residents always say, we want the best bang for our buck.” The councillor conceded however that there may not be the political will at city hall to reopen the debate about whether it would be better to build an LRT line in Scarborough funded by a $1.48 billion contribution from the province. That dispute consumed much of the previous term of council, and Tory promised during their campaign not to revisit the issue.
Chief planner Jennifer Keesmaat did not respond to a request for comment on whether building the subway at a cost of more than $2 billion with peak ridership of 7,300 was sound transit planning advice. Asked the same question in a planned Twitter chat Wednesday, Keesmaat responded by saying the Scarborough Town Centre stop would have the third-highest number of boardings on the Bloor-Danforth Line.
Article Continued Below
Councillor Josh Matlow (Ward 22 St. Paul's), the most vocal opponent of the subway while advocating for the original seven-stop LRT plan that was fully-funded by the province, agreed the one-stop plan demands review. “Studies show that Scarborough residents want to go downtown and travel locally. The one-stop subway's low-projected ridership proves it won't actually serve residents' needs,” they said. “However, the seven-stop LRT in its own corridor would rapidly serve more people and connect more Scarborough neighbourhoods for a fraction of the price.” Councillor Glenn De Baeremaeker (Ward 38, Scarborough Centre), who has championed the subway, rejected the idea that an LRT would better suit projected demand, arguing that “Scarborough residents need the same access to a subway system that everybody else already has.” At the packed public meeting Tuesday night in Scarborough there was skepticism of the plan. One man was applauded as they questioned the wisdom of building the one-stop subway. “The projected ridership in 2013 for the subway extension was 14,000. Today you're giving us 7,000 — that's half the requirement that the politicians sold us on this extension,” they said. “My first question is, ‘why can you not simply upgrade the SRT?' It has plenty of capacity (for) the future forecasted load. It doesn't cost zilch.”
Anyone who loves music knows how therapeutic it can be, and researchers have shown that a good melody may have the same affect on cats. But they think our human-tunes suck.
Back in 2015, to work out whether cats could respond to music, scientists from the University of Wisconsin, Madison, and the University of Maryland composed 'cat-centric music'.
"We looked at the natural vocalisations of cats and matched our music to the same frequency range, which is about an octave or higher than human voices," lead author Charles Snowdon told Jennifer Viegas for Discovery News at the time.
In human music, the drumbeat often mimics our heartbeat, and so in the cat music, the team instead replicated the tempo of things that cats would find interesting - one song featured a purring tempo, and another featured a suckling tempo.
"And since cats use lots of sliding frequencies in their calls, the cat music had many more sliding notes than the human music," Snowdon told Viegas.
You can hear a sample of one of their songs, Cozmo's Air, below:
In the study, the cat songs were played back to 47 domestic cats, and the researchers watched how the felines reacted compared to when they listened to two classical human songs - Johann Sebastian Bach's Air on a G String and Gabriel Fauré's Elegie.
Publishing in the journal Applied Animal Behavioural Science, the team reported that the cats didn't respond at all to the human music.
But when the cat music started up, they became excited and started approaching the speakers, often rubbing their scent glands on them, which means they were trying to claim the object.
While composing music for cats may sound pointless, the research could offer new ways to keep cats calm in shelters, boarding homes and vets
As the researchers wrote in the 2015 journal article: "The results suggest novel and more appropriate ways for using music as auditory enrichment for nonhuman animals."
But beyond the therapeutic affects, the research also provides fascinating insight into the species-specificness of melodies.
One of the co-authors, David Teie, had previously shown that tamarin monkeys also respond differently to music that's been specially composed for them. The team now hopes that their study will provide the framework to compose melodies for more species.
A version of this article was first published in March 2015.
The character of James Bond has been played by Sean Connery, Roger Moore, Pierce Brosnan and Daniel Craig. All suave — and all invariably white.
Now, among the supposed favorites to play the next 007 is the black British actor Idris Elba, which has some folks with their knickers in a twist, as the British expression goes.
Elba played Stringer Bell in The Wire and they are the star of the BBC detective series Luther. When these rumors surfaced, Anthony Horowitz, author of the new James Bond novel, Trigger Mortis, told a British newspaper they just couldn't see Elba in the role. Elba, they said, was, "a bit too rough, a bit too street."
Not surprisingly, the Internet reacted. A few of the outraged tweets came from Jamil Smith, senior editor at the New Republic and host of Intersection, a podcast about race, gender and identity. Horowitz's public apology notwithstanding, Smith says, they should have known better.
“Horowitz, obviously, to some degree, did not know what they were saying, just to give them the slight benefit of the doubt,” Smith says. “But they have to understand that the word street has been a euphemism for black for a long time. Urban. Ethnic. ... [It] has been used as a euphemism since, frankly, James Bond came into the world's consciousness. So they don't really have a pass on that.”
More to the point, Smith says, “saying Elba is a little too street is curious, considering that James Bond is a thug in a suit.”
The original James Bond, Smith points out, not only does not belong to the upper classses, but he's a Scot, which has its own issues in UK culture. “So you're talking about a Scottish guy from the country who kills people for a living,” Smith laughs. “Frankly, Anthony Horowitz seems to be stuck in this old idea of what a hero should look like.”
That is, white. Or white-ish, anyway.
To illustrate their point, Smith refers to what some call the “Sidney Poitier-Jim Brown paradigm.”
“In the '60s, Sidney Poitier portrayed ‘respectable' black men on film,” Smith explains. “He was not the guy who was expected to be physical. Those roles were reserved for Jim Brown, or for Fred Williamson or Jim Kelly. Those were the guys who needed to get rough.”
The actor Horowitz suggested for the role was Adrian Lester. “Adrian Lester, for all of their credits, is not a threatening guy in the least,” Smith says. “He is the quintessential nice guy. There is not a threatening bone in Adrian Lester's body. He's the Sidney Poitier in this equation.”
Smith wonders if the question lurking in the minds of Bond movie honchos is, ‘How will it affect a largely white audience to see a black guy killing mostly white people?' But audiences, especially in Britain, have already seen this, they say.
“John Luther [Elba's character] has a gun,” Smith says. “John Luther is a vicious, violent man, who is on the side of good. The archetype is out there. It's not something that I think should shock people.”
What's more, the truth may be that, given the incredible global fan base of movies like the James Bond franchise, most of the people who see the movie aren't even white.
Among movie fans, there seems to be support for the idea of a black James Bond. Smith thinks this may be a result of people being more open — “or at least being forced to be more open” — to the idea of everyone looking like a hero.
“I think there's still a long way to go,” they say. “But, you know, folks have been swallowing the idea of a blonde-haired, blue-eyed Jesus for eons now!”
If and when a black man is cast as James Bond, Smith thinks it will be a big deal for a lot of 12-year-old black kids out there. It would have been for him, they say.
“When I was growing up, I didn't have any black heroes outside of blaxploitation movies,” they say. “I saw Shaft. They were a black hero. Jim Brown. All these guys. But seeing a black guy being James Bond, with the kind of legend that James Bond carries I think would have a big impact on a kid.”
“I'm all for stretching the boundaries of that character in any which way they can go,” Smith concludes. “If you find the most qualified, most interesting actor that can take it in an interesting direction while still maintaining the spirit of the series, why not?”
This article is based on an interview that aired on PRI's Studio 360 with Kurt Andersen
Guillén and the second or maternal family name is Barrios. This name uses Spanish naming customs : the first or paternal family name isand the second or maternal family name is
Oswaldo José Guillén Barrios ( Spanish pronunciation: [ɡiˈʎen]; born January 20, 1964) is a Venezuelan former professional baseball player and manager. They played in Major League Baseball as a shortstop for 16 seasons, primarily with the Chicago White Sox, from 1985 to 2000. They then managed the White Sox from 2004 to 2011 and the Miami Marlins in 2012.
As a player, Guillén was respected for their passion, speed, hustle, intensity and defensive abilities and their ebullient love for the game.[1][2] In 2005, Guillen became the first Latino manager in major league history to win a World Series.
Playing career [ edit ]
Guillén was a light-hitting, quick-handed shortstop, emerging from a line of Venezuelan shortstops that included Chico Carrasquel, Luis Aparicio (both White Sox players), Dave Concepción, and Omar Vizquel (who played for Guillen as a utility player for the White Sox).[3] They were originally signed as a free agent by the San Diego Padres in 1980.[4] In December 1984, they were traded to the Chicago White Sox as part of an eight-player trade, with Tim Lollar, Bill Long and Luis Salazar in exchange for LaMarr Hoyt.[4]
In 1985, Guillén received both the American League Rookie of the Year and The Sporting News Rookie of the Year awards, becoming only the third rookie shortstop in major league history to win a fielding title.[5][6] They became known for their daring, aggressive style of play, as was demonstrated on August 2, 1985 in a game against the New York Yankees.[7] With the game tied 5–5 in the 11th inning, Guillén hit a two-out single and, then proceeded to steal second base.[7] When the next batter hit an infield single, Guillén never hesitated as they rounded third base, catching the Yankees defense off guard and scored the game-winning run.[8]
In 1989, Guillén was the victim of a hidden ball trick twice. First on June 23 when Greg Brock tagged them out when Guillén, the runner at first base, took their lead, and then had to dive back to the base on a pick off throw from the pitcher. Brock held the ball instead of throwing it back to the pitcher, and when Guillén took their hand off the base to stand up, Brock tagged them out. On August 5, Dave Bergman made the same play, holding onto the ball following a pick off throw. Guillén again dove to the base to beat the throw, and when they took their hand off the base to stand up, Bergman tagged them on top of the batting helmet without looking at him.[9]
On April 21, 1992, Guillén suffered a severe knee injury in a collision with outfielder Tim Raines.[10] The injury caused them to miss almost the entire season, and subsequently diminished their defensive range as well as their stolen base output for the remainder of their career.[11][12] Guillén recovered in 1993 with their most productive season offensively, posting a .280 batting average, and career highs with 4 home runs and 50 runs batted in, as the White Sox won the American League Western Division title.[11][13] They hit .273 and scored 4 runs in a losing effort, as the White Sox were defeated by the Toronto Blue Jays in the 1993 American League Championship Series.[14]
Guillén tips their helmet to the Comiskey Park crowd before their last at-bat as a White Sox player – September 28, 1997
In October 1997, after 13 seasons with the White Sox, Guillén was granted free agency status and signed a contract to play for the Baltimore Orioles.[4] In May 1998, the Orioles released them and they signed with the Atlanta Braves as a utility infielder.[4] They helped the Braves win the 1999 National League Championship Series against the New York Mets with a 10th inning, pinch hit single in Game 6 of the series that tied the score at nine runs apiece, as the Braves went on to win the game and the series.[15][16] The Braves would eventually lose to the New York Yankees in Guillén's only World Series appearance as a player.[17] After playing one year with the Tampa Bay Devil Rays in 2000, they retired as a player at the end of the season at the age of 36.
Career statistics [ edit ]
In a sixteen-year major league career, Guillén played in 1,993 games, accumulating 1,764 hits in 6,686 at bats for a .264 career batting average along with 28 home runs, 619 runs batted in, and an on-base percentage of .287.[11] Guillén was an All-Star in 1988, 1990–1991, and won the Gold Glove Award in 1990.[11][18] They led American League shortstops twice in range factor, once in assists and once in fielding percentage.[11] Guillén's .974 career fielding percentage ranks them 40th overall among major league shortstops, ahead of both Luis Aparicio and Dave Concepcion.[19] While they were considered one of the best fielding shortstops in the American League, Guillén was often overlooked in post-season awards because their playing career coincided with that of Cal Ripken, Jr.[2] Guillén ranks among the White Sox all-time leaders in games played, hits, and at-bats.[20] As a hitter, they were known as a free swinger, posting one of the highest at bats per walk ratios in major league history.[21] Guillén played their entire Venezuelan Winter League career with Tiburones de La Guaira.
Managerial career [ edit ]
Chicago White Sox [ edit ]
Following their playing career, Guillén coached for the Montreal Expos in 2001 and 2002 and the World Champion Florida Marlins (now known as the Miami Marlins) in 2003 before they were hired in the offseason to replace Jerry Manuel as the White Sox manager.[22] They received a standing ovation from the crowd of 37,706 Chicagoans when introduced before their first game as a manager at U.S. Cellular Field on April 13, 2004. On May 30, 2005, the White Sox extended Guillén's contract, making the move while the team had the best record in the majors (33–17).
In 2005, they led the White Sox to their first American League pennant since 1959, and their first World Series win since 1917 with a 4-game sweep of the Houston Astros. Guillén claimed that they might retire after the 2005 season should the White Sox win the World Series, but at the parade celebrating the World Champions they received cheers from the fans when they announced they would indeed return to manage the next season. The White Sox picked up the 2006 option on their contract, added two more years and included an option for the 2009 season. In November, Guillén was voted the 2005 American League Manager of the Year Award by the Baseball Writers' Association of America.[23]
On September 4, 2009, Guillén won their 500th game as manager of the Chicago White Sox as the White Sox defeated the Boston Red Sox by a score of 12–2.[24][25] Guillen has publicly stated that they feel the 2003 steroids list should be released to the public.[26]
Personal difficulties with White Sox General Manager Kenny Williams led to speculation dating back to October 2010 that the White Sox would allow Guillén out of their contract to manage the Marlins.[27] On September 26, 2011, an inability to get a contract extension worked out with the White Sox eventually led to theirs being released from their position, with the White Sox retaining the right to receive compensation should Guillén manage in the 2012 season.[28][29] They finished with a record of 678 wins and 617 losses.[30]
Miami Marlins [ edit ]
On September 28, 2011, the Miami Marlins introduced Guillén as their new manager.[31] Robin Ventura replaced Guillén as manager of the White Sox. The Marlins sent Jhan Mariñez and Osvaldo Martínez to the Chicago White Sox as compensation for the hiring of Guillén by the Marlins, as Guillen had one year remaining on their contract with the White Sox.[31]
The Marlins were expected to contend in their first year in their new park. However, an 8–18 June effectively ended their season, and they finished 69-93, their worst season since the start of the century. On October 23, 2012, Guillen was terminated from the Marlins, despite three years remaining on their contract, after making some inflammatory comments about Fidel Castro.[32][33]
In February 2016, Guillen was hired to manage the Tiburones de La Guaira of the Venezuelan Professional Baseball League for the 2016–17 season.[34]
Managerial record [ edit ]
As of December 17, 2014
Team From To Regular season record Post–season record G W L Win % G W L Win % Chicago White Sox 2004 2011 1295 678 617 .524 16 12 4 .750 Miami Marlins 2012 2012 162 69 93 .426 DNQ Total 1457 747 710 .513 16 12 4 .750 Refs. :[30]
Broadcasting career [ edit ]
Guillén joined ESPN Deportes in 2013, where they have worked as baseball color analyst and talk show panelist.[35]
Personal life [ edit ]
Guillén in 2008
Guillén married Ibis Cardenas in 1983. They have three sons: Ozwaldo "Ozzie" Jr. (born 1985), Oney (born 1986), and Ozney (born 1992).[36][37][38][39] Ozzie Jr. was born in Las Vegas, Nevada; their two younger brothers were born in Venezuela. When Ozzie Guillen turned 42 in January 2006, he, their wife, and son Oney became naturalized U.S. citizens.[40] Ozzie Jr. is the lead Spanish-language broadcaster on the White Sox radio network.[36][37]
 They are also the brother-in-law of former White Sox teammate Scott Radinsky.[41]
Controversies [ edit ]
Guillen is known for being somewhat eccentric and outspoken, which sometimes lands them in the middle of controversy.[42] They declined to join in the traditional visit to the White House after the 2005 White Sox World Series win.[43]
In June 2006 they were quoted as calling Chicago Sun-Times columnist Jay Mariotti a fag.[44] They later apologized for offending any LGBT people, but did not back down in their criticism of Mariotti.[45]
In 2010, they spoke against Arizona's new law to deal with illegal immigration. Guillen described illegal immigrants as "workaholics." "And this country can't survive without them," they said. "There are a lot of people from this country who are lazy. We're not. Prove me wrong. A lot of people in this country want to be on the computer and send e-mails to people. We do the hard work. We're the ones who go out and work in the sun to make this country better."[46] In August, Guillen said that Asian players were treated better than Latino players, stating that while it is common practice for major league clubs to provide a Japanese or Korean translator for their Asian born players, no such translator is provided for their Spanish-speaking Latin American ballplayers.[47]
On April 10, 2012, Guillén was suspended for five games by the Marlins due to comments made about former Cuban president Fidel Castro. In a Time interview Guillen said, "I love Fidel Castro ... I respect Fidel Castro. You know why? A lot of people have wanted to kill Fidel Castro for the last [53] years, but that mofo is still here."[48][49][50] The fallout from those comments was a major factor in their ouster after the season; according to Marlins baseball operations chief Larry Beinfest, the Marlins' attendance flatlined after those remarks and never recovered.[33]
See also [ edit ]
Once you finish Max Blumenthal's gripping, indispensable, first-hand account of last year's Israeli attack on Gaza, you can better understand why the mainstream U.S. media is afraid to review it. The 51 Day War: Ruin and Resistance in Gaza repudiates the conventional history so decisively that readers of the New York Times, the Washington Post, and other major outlets would be stunned into asking some pointed questions about the myths they are being fed.
Blumenthal was brave enough to actually travel inside Gaza during part of the ferocious Israeli air and land assault, (accompanied by Dan Cohen, one of this site's colleagues), and their eyewitness testimony and chilling, wrenching interviews with Palestinians will form a valuable part of the historical record.
Even those of us who followed Israel's attack as it happened will still learn plenty from this rushed but still well-crafted account — which is carefully footnoted and is strengthened by Cohen's photographs.
Blumenthal starts by devastating the mainstream myth about why Israel invaded in the first place. The Israeli rationale, with de facto endorsement by New York Times reporters, is that on June 12, 2014 “Hamas” kidnapped and murdered 3 Jewish teens in the West Bank and then launched thousands of rockets from Gaza as part of an effort to “kill Jews” and “destroy Israel.” Israel was forced to invade to protect itself. As Blumenthal writes, “The violence in Gaza has become a ritual that has confounded many outsiders, leading to the rise of simplistic explanations for the bloodshed as the product of religious extremism, endemic anti-Semitism and intractable conflict.”
Instead, Blumenthal calmly provides an accurate timeline with facts. The West Bank kidnappers were a rogue mini-faction with no real connection to Hamas; the Hamas rockets did not start until Israel arrested hundreds of its members and an airstrike killed seven of them. Most revealing, before the Israeli land invasion, Hamas pleaded for a cease-fire, offered a ten-year truce, and issued a list of modest humanitarian demands aimed simply at lifting the suffocating siege.
But Israel wanted war. And here is where Blumenthal convincingly exposes another mainstream myth: the Hamas Terror Tunnels, supposedly aimed at Israeli kibbutzes and kindergartens. There were tunnels, all right, but nearly all of them were inside Gaza itself, and trained Palestinian resistance fighters used them to give the Israeli invaders a stinging surprise. In reporting that you did not see in the mainstream, Blumenthal describes how one team of Al-Qassam fighters “lured an [Israeli] M113 armored personnel carrier into a field laced with improvised explosive devices,” and then “the vehicle went up in a ball of flames, killing six soldiers inside. . .”
They also write about another Gazan attack, in which 9 guerrillas videotaped their infiltration through a tunnel into Israel to assault a nearby army base. They quote Haaretz correspondents who pointed out, “It's also clear that the militants had planned to storm the position from the start and were not en route to the nearby kibbutz to massacre civilians.”
After these setbacks, Israel halted its ground forces, but continued to destroy Gaza with artillery, air strikes and naval shells. Blumenthal was in Gaza City for part of the air assault. During the 51 days, they explain, “By the army's own count, it had fired around 3 million bullets — almost two bullets for every one of Gaza's 1.8 million residents.”
Blumenthal, Cohen, and their interpreter, a remarkable young Palestinian woman named Ebaa Rezeq, gathered painful Gazan accounts of the killing and destruction. Most sickening are Palestinian descriptions of Israeli soldiers summarily executing civilians. Such testimony must understandably be treated with caution, but Blumenthal's book should at least prompt further impartial inquiry.
Extensive Israeli war crimes become even more plausible once Blumenthal introduces Col. Ofer Winter, a fanatically religious senior Israeli commander. Here is a motivational letter Winter distributed to their troops before the invasion: “History has chosen us to be the sharp edge of the bayonet fighting the terrorist enemy ‘from Gaza' which curses, defames and abuses the God of Israel's battles.” Later, Winter says their soldiers were saved by God's direct intervention: “We were protected by clouds, clouds of divine honor. We — all the warriors — were suddenly covered by a heavy fog, which came with us throughout the attack.”
A truthful profile of Col. Winter and their popularity would reveal a great deal about Israel in 2015, but the U.S. mainstream reporters are careful to keep them hidden.
Blumenthal is clear that Gaza can expect little help from within Israel. They repeat the hard truths of their previous book (Goliath: Life and Loathing in Greater Israel), in which they proved that the country continues to move to the far right. “The invasion of Gaza,” they explain, “served as a bonanza for right-wing political mobilization, catalyzing an ultra-nationalist march through the institutions of the Jewish state.”
Max Blumenthal ends their book by leaving a Gaza that is half destroyed but still defiant. On August 26, the day the final cease-fire took effect, tens of thousands of people filled the streets of Gaza City and pledged to continue the resistance. Blumenthal writes, “Among the crowds, a stout middle-aged woman summoned my colleague Dan Cohen to the van where they sat surrounded with children waving the green Hamas banners. ‘I'll die and I'll give [up] all my sons if that's what we have to do to liberate Palestine,' they declared vehemently.”
Coordinates:
The Meeting of Waters is the confluence of the dark Rio Negro with the sandy colored upper Amazon River, or Solimões, as it is known in Brazil.
The Meeting of Waters (Portuguese: Encontro das Águas) is the confluence between the dark (blackwater) Rio Negro and the pale sandy-colored (whitewater) Amazon River or Rio Solimões, as the upper section of the Amazon is known in Brazil upriver of this confluence. For 6 km (3.7 mi) the two rivers' waters run side by side without mixing. It is one of the main tourist attractions of Manaus, Brazil. The same also happens near Santarém, Pará with the Amazon and Tapajós rivers. This phenomenon occurs in other regions of the world with differing characters of rivers, the phenomenon is also seen in other locations in the Amazon region, as Iquitos, Peru.
This phenomenon is due to the differences in temperature, speed and water density of the two rivers. The Rio Negro flows at near 2 km/h (1.2 mph) at a temperature of 28 °C (82 °F), while the Rio Solimões flows between 4 and 6 km/h (2.5–3.7 mph) at a temperature of 22 °C (72 °F). [1]
References [ edit ]
Media related to Negro-Amazon confluence at Wikimedia Commons
The Athletics will select only twice in the first 100 picks of the amateur draft, at Nos. 25 and 65. But last weekend, they were in talks to land one more top 100 choice.
The Marlins, before acquiring right-hander Bryan Morris from the Pirates on Sunday, made the Athletics a trade offer for righty Jim Johnson, according to major-league sources.
The Athletics were willing to make the deal – Johnson and cash for the No. 39 pick and another player – but the Marlins instead used the pick to land Morris, sources said.
Article continues below ...
Picks 35 to 41 and 69 to 74, awarded as “competitive-balance” selections, are the only draft choices that clubs are permitted to trade. The Astros acquired the No. 37 pick from the Orioles last July 31 as part of the Bud Norris deal.
The Athletics, sources said, are not looking to move Johnson, but the Marlins approached them about a trade while aggressively pursuing bullpen help last weekend.
The idea appealed to the A's because their bullpen is deep and getting deeper. Right-hander Ryan Cook, who missed about a month with a right forearm strain, rejoined the club on Tuesday. Left-hander Eric O'Flaherty, recovering from Tommy John surgery, is expected back in a few weeks.
The Athletics would have paid a portion of the approximately $6.5 million remaining on Johnson's contract, and the Marlins would have paid the $1.4 million bonus assigned to the No. 39 pick, sources said.
The Pirates assumed the $1.4 million slot in the Morris deal, and the Marlins used their savings to sign free-agent right-hander Kevin Gregg for the same dollar figure.
Johnson, who turns 31 on June 27, is coming off back-to-back 50 saves seasons with the Orioles. But they lost the closer's role with the A's, and has allowed 45 baserunners in 22 innings this season.
Jump to Recipe
What fuels your creative spark: Beauty? Quiet? Noise? Mess? Neatness? And when do you feel most like yourself: Alone? In groups? With friends or family?
These are all questions that guide me when I'm feeling slightly off. Which happens. There are days, weeks, months, when my internal barometer of fineness feels entirely tweaked. Like someone came along and shook everything up, forcing me to look at the world in a different way.
And in those moments, I do all I can to take a step back and ask myself the questions that bring me back to center. I also like to eat foods that ground me—savories that feel earthbound and steadying.
The heavy mineral content of sea veggies like nori and seeds like sesame help tremendously with this, as do an abundance of veggies. This sushi bowl offers it all. It's packed with vibrant and hydrating veggies, alkalizing sea veggies and apple cider vinegar, the healthy fat of avocado and sesame seeds, and tons of spices to reignite any dulled spirits.
The bowl features shichimi togarashi—Japanese seven spice—a blend introduced to me by fellow blogger Jessica Fiorello when I was in New York this spring. Jessica said she'd basically had an IV feed of the stuff going over the past year, so obvi I had to try it myself. Like her, I've now taken to putting it on everything—eggs, sautéed greens, rice bowls, you name it, I've togarashi'd it.
Here's a link to the one I bought, though you could easily put together a blend at home. Here's some more info about it, from The Kitchn.
And of course, let us not forget the glory of ume plum vinegar. I've sung ume's praises many times before, but it really gets to shine in this cucumber carrot salad with lime and toasted sesame oil. It's so simple it's a little addicting, and you can use the extra dressing from the salad on your sushi bowl, if you want.
This is a bowl you can riff on as much as you like—want cooked greens instead of raw? Sure! Radish instead of carrot? Absolutely. Ditch the avocado? WHY ON EARTH WOULD YOU NOT WANT AVOCADO???
Sorry. I promise only to judge you a little bit if you come to my house and don't want avocado. Like, maybe we'll be able to get over it.
Enjoy your sushi bowls, my loves! Happy steaming, and grinding, and chopping, and whisking, and noshing. May all of it bring you back to center.
There was a time where mining Bitcoin was something that anyone could do. The difficulty was low, the turnaround time was quick, and the strain on resources barely touched sides. However, that is no longer the case.
It takes a lot of work, capital, and even luck, to be profitable in cryptocurrency mining nowadays, and for that reason, it is no longer a hobby for those mining at home anymore.
There have been efforts to try and keep the mining doors open to any and all, such as cloud mining where users buy the output of Bitcoin mining power from Bitcoin mining hardware placed in remote data centres, however, this has not really been the answer.
Margins on mining have become so slim that even in cloud mining, the amount of money taken off the top by those providing the service make it almost pointless. This is where Ice Rock Mining believe they have the edge.
Opening the New Era of Miningdoor on Mining Again
Ice Rock are launching an ICO that is geared towards offering users two options when it comes to getting involved.
There is the chance to get involved in cloud mining which they state is hugely profitable because of the system they have devised for their mining farm which involves a Soviet bunker.
There is also a chance for investors to simply buy into their token – the ROCK token – in order to back the investment that is a supercharged underground mine.
Because those who want to mine may not be able to afford to get into it, due to varying costs from the start up to the running costs, Ice Rock offers what they think is the best returns on cloud mining.
And because there are those who want to still profit from the phenomenon that is mining without actively mining, Ice Rock's ICO can be treated like any other token, held onto until it is available to be traded.
Taking Mining Back to Its Roots
Ice Rock claim that they can supercharge cloud mining because they have done everything seemingly possible to cut the costs of running a mine.
Their biggest asset it would seem is that they plan to set up their mine, which can hold 4,600 ASIC rigs, inside an abandoned Soviet bunker in Kazakhstan. The bunker has been bought by Ice Rock, which is where their margins start increasing already.
Because they own the property there is no cost for rent that can take away from the margins of mining, additionally, there is no maintenance on the building as it is essentially solid rock.
Ice Rock chose the Soviet bunker as it also provides year round cooling with its own internal ecosystem that keeps the temperature down at a steady 12 degrees, cutting on cooling costs for the mining rigs.
Additionally, they are well placed to receive cheap electricity as there is a nearby hydroelectric power station that supplies the bunker. Ice Rock claim that they are not paying more than $0.03 per/kWt of power.
Translating the Savings
Because mining is such a game of slim margins in this day and age, Ice Rock's aim has been to try and grow those margins as far as possible to make mining accessible and attractive again.
They are looking to share their saving of mining various cryptocurrencies by allowing users to buy specific and customized packages for mining through their facilities, returning the profits with what they believe will be much higher margins of profit.
Team USA's Simone Biles Biological Mom Speaks 'I'm Sober & I Love Her'
Simone Biles' Biological Mom Speaks ... 'I'm Sober & I Love Her'
EXCLUSIVE
The biological mother of Team USA gymnast Simone Biles says she's clean, sober and has a loving relationship with their daughter ... and is sick of being painted as an addict.
Simone's story is pretty well-known ... they were put in foster care when they were 2 because their mother struggled with substance abuse. Simone was eventually adopted by their grandparents.
TMZ Sports spoke with Shanon Biles who says she's been sober since 2007 -- and is proud of the fact they reestablished their relationship with Simone.
Shanon says they do have a beef with their father -- saying they were insensitive about the way they described their battle with addiction during an interview with NBC.
"He could have been more classy about it."
As for Simone, Shanon says she's incredibly proud of their daughter and has supported them for years -- in fact, they showed us a pic of the two of them with Gabby Douglas back in 2014.
"I just want to say I love you Simone ... I'm so proud of you! Go Team USA and I'll talk to you and see you when I can!"
After encountering a police checkpoint late on Monday night in Yiwu, one drunk driver came up with a creative way of getting out of failing a breathalyzer test.
Less than 100 meters away from the checkpoint, the man fled their black Mercedes and began stumbling up a roadside hill, before slipping and tumbling back down. It was there that police caught up with him. Noticing that they stank of alcohol, they asked them to take a breathalyzer test, despite the fact that they kept insisting: “I wasn't drinking! I wasn't driving!”
With no other options, the man sat down on the roadside and began to eat grass by the handful.
“We kept trying to tell him, stop eating, but they didn't listen. They kept pulling up clumps of grass and stuffing them in their mouth,” police told reporters. “Some of it they probably ate; some of it they spit out.”“Altogether, they probably did that 20 or 30 times. There was a patch of grass in the ditch, and by the time they were done they had pulled it all up,” the officer continued, adding that they assumed they were eating the grass in an attempt to sober up.While the man's cunning plan may have saved them from taking a breathalyzer test, it did not save them from being taken back to the police station where a blood test found that their blood alcohol content was 0.156, far over the legal limit.But just think how high it would have been if they hadn't devoured some grass beforehand![Images via Sina
Luke Freeman to undergo QPR medical ahead of £300k deal from Bristol City - Sky sources
Luke Freeman is set to sign for QPR in a £300,000 move from Bristol City
QPR have agreed a £300,000 deal with Bristol City to sign Luke Freeman, Sky sources understand.
The 24-year-old midfielder will head to London to undergo a medical ahead their transfer to Loftus Road.
Bristol City manager Lee Johnson admitted on Saturday that Freeman had refused to play in their FA Cup defeat at Burnley.
"We wanted them to come along and be involved today but they made it clear they didn't want to be," Johnson said.
"He didn't feel they were mentally right to play and that tells a story in itself. It's disappointing because you want your best players available.
Ian Holloway added Sean Goss from Manchester United on Saturday
"He's made it clear they want to move and that one is still pending so we'll have to see what happens between now and Tuesday."
Freeman, who signed for Bristol City from Stevenage in 2014, has made 21 appearances this season, scoring two goals.
QPR, who signed Manchester United youngster Sean Goss on Saturday, are also trying to sign Danny Ward from Rotherham and have taken Ravel Morrison on trial.
It is a very strange feeling to be the subject of heated debate without ever being truly included in the conversation. I feel like a seven year old whose bad behavior is being discussed by sagacious adults. This is because I am an Orthodox Jewish girl, I mean woman, who would like to understand why women's participation is so threatening to the character of Orthodoxy.
Am I allowed to be a witness in court? Am I allowed to be called to the Torah? Am I permitted to don phylacteries and a prayer shawl? May I address the congregation of my synagogue from the pulpit? May I study the Talmud at all? Can I divorce my husband without being blackmailed, tortured or held hostage?
Apparently these are questions for men to discuss amongst themselves, much like the sagacious parental figures choosing appropriate correctives for the above-mentioned seven year old. When the leaders of our religious world convene, women's voices are decidedly absent.
Isn't that convenient? For millenia women were excluded from Jewish education, not even taught to read with the excuse that educating women is ‘tiflut' (or for those who are tired of swallowing this strategic euphemism: insipid/vapid/useless). Orthodox women, indeed most women, have only had access to the most basic texts upon which the laws of our religion are based since the 1920's. Even in this age of reason and equality, a significant portion of the Orthodox world forbids women from learning Talmud or participating in any public aspect of Judaism.
Our religion is entirely based on the interpretations of men who seem to have believed that females are flighty, empty-headed, distracted temptresses who needed to be entirely excluded from the public realm and focus on breeding. Our voices, our minds, our bodies, our souls all necessarily suppressed to preserve the so-called sanctity of tradition. To question this catch-all automatically places one outside of the tall walls of Orthodoxy.
We may not sing in public. We may not speak in public. We may occupy no positions of authority. We may not pray the way we choose to. We may not learn what or how we want. We may not demand a divorce. We may not provide testimony. We are judged by our modesty, our humility, our gratitude, our servitude.
Orthodox women are starting to ask questions (again). They are starting to make their forbidden voices heard over the din of the Beit Din. Women are coming to the table, and they are coming prepared. We are not flighty. We are intellectual. We are reasonable. We are creative problem-solvers. We are Orthodox, despite accusations to the contrary.
I have been told on numerous occasions that the issues facing women in Orthodoxy are not ‘women's issues' but are ‘Torah issues'. What this translates to is the excuse of perpetuating the complete exclusion of women under the guise of preserving ‘mesorah', or ‘tradition', using texts that women are traditionally not taught and precedent from an era when women in every society were systematically marginalized.
Coming from a background of academic debate, the vicious circularity of this argument is astonishing: the proof that women are not permitted to do x,y,z is that they have never been permitted to do so in the past. Furthermore, unless a person has learned the texts and has applied them from a position of rabbinic authority (which once again women are excluded from) they are not permitted to offer an alternative interpretation. QED.
Instead of tossing out the water from the poisoned well, we are expected to continue drinking it in the name of tradition. To do otherwise, to question or to look for a different direction is rebellion and heresy. Because it goes against tradition. Because it undermines the rabbinic hierarchy. So the existing hegemony continues debating these matters among themselves while maligning female voices in the conversation and patronizingly throwing texts around which women were never permitted to read, study or interpret.
Orthodox women today are more educated than ever before. Most mainstream Modern Orthodox schools permit girls to learn and analyze texts at a level comparable to boys. Women can receive degrees in Talmud. They just cannot be ordained or interpret normative halacha. Their voices, no matter how astute and articulate, are silenced by tradition.
I know that I am not knowledgeable enough to bring anything to this conversation, but there are many women who are. Why can't we hear them? I am tired of being spoken about as if I am a child. I respect our Rabbis, our schools, our yeshivas and our laws. I love being Orthodox. I am not looking for permission to rewrite Judaism, but I am not prepared to swallow the bitter pill of tradition blindly. A spoon full of sugar might help it go down: just give women a seat at the table. At the very least let their voices be heard.
Let those women who have pursued knowledge of Torah share their wisdom and insights. Be open to the possibility that Orthodox Judaism may permit women to actively participate in the public religious sphere without self-destructing. This is not the end of Orthodoxy, but the beginning of an Orthodoxy that does not ignore the needs, desires and aspirations of women in the name of tradition. To continue patronizing women with platitudes is creating a public relations nightmare and has caused many of us to wonder what our Rabbis are so afraid of.
So give us a seat at the table. Let's talk, debate, discuss and try to find a way to work within the boundaries of Orthodoxy while making room for women to express their deep love and inherent connection to this religion, its past and its future. We don't want to roar, but we want to be heard. Let us pull up a chair.
It was clear when we began researching castles that some sites had been considered defensive positions of hundreds and sometimes thousands of years. We knew that Crac des Chevaliers had been the site of “an outdated Kurdish fort” and that the origins of the Alcazaba in Malaga where lost in time when Yusuf decided to further secure the location. It's worth considering other evidence of development at Dover. There is clear evidence of its Roman and Saxon past. As a result we can argue that Dover is the longest serving military site in England, through which we can trace many developments of English military history.
Dan Snow provides a quick introduction to Dover as more than a castle:
The Saxon church they refer has been often restored and updated, but embodies its Kentish location with chunks of local flint embedded in the mortar, like the walls of the castle itself.
I was so charmed that this photo of the doors has been my cell phone wallpaper since I visited nearly four years ago.
The guidebooks refer to Iron Age earthworks at the site of Dover Castle, but they never go into much detail. From the height of the Keep at Dover Castle you do get the sense of the the earthworks which would have protected the early site.
Compare these earthworks to the one that I found referenced in a guidebook to Dover Castle I found by William Batcheller back in 1828.
Batchellor proposed that the origins of the church dated back into Roman times due to the presence of Roman tiles in the structure, although most modern sources claim it was around 1,000AD. Intriguingly, they assign a defensive purpose to the Pharos or lighthouse. The lighthouse obviously protected Roman shipping from being smashed on the beaches, but its relative height ensured early detection of anyone approaching by sea. This advanced warning system then necessitated fortifications.
It's unlikely we'll ever truly know exactly how history unfolded here at Dover Castle. The excavations required would be so extensive as to disrupt the current site. After the great siege in 1216 and its occupation during the English Civil War, the castle continued to be updated through the Napoleonic era and that tunnels beneath the castle, still the closest point to France, still served even through World War II. Is there another military site in England that can claim such an extensive past?
Local TV Schedule For Round 1 Announced by Staff Writer / Los Angeles Kings
LOS ANGELES – The Los Angeles Kings' first round NHL Stanley Cup Playoff series versus the St. Louis Blues will be broadcast on FOX Sports West, Prime Ticket, CNBC and the NBC Sports Network in HD, the Kings announced today.
Kings television broadcasters Bob Miller and Jim Fox will call the action for first-round games while “Kings Live” pre- and post-game shows continue in the first round with Patrick O'Neal and Daryl Evans serving as co-hosts.
The Quarter-Final games will be televised as follows:
Game 1: Kings at St. Louis, 5 p.m. (PT), Prime Ticket
(pre-game show on Prime Ticket at 4:30 p.m.)
(no post-game show)
Game 2: Kings at St. Louis, 6:30 p.m. (PT), CNBC
(no pre-game show)
(post-game show on FOX Sports West at 10:30 p.m.)
Game 3: Kings vs. St. Louis, 7 p.m., FOX Sports West
(pre-game show on FOX Sports West at 6:30 p.m.)
(post-game show on FOX Sports West at 9:30 p.m.)
Game 4: Kings vs. St. Louis, 7 p.m., FOX Sports West
(pre-game show on FOX Sports West at 6:30 p.m.)
(post-game show on FOX Sports West at 9:30 p.m.)
Game 5: Kings at St. Louis, TBD*
Game 6: Kings vs. St. Louis, TBD*
Game 7: Kings at St. Louis, TBD*
*if necessary
For radio, all Kings 2013 Playoff games will air on KTLK AM 1150 with Nick Nickson and Evans calling the action. There will also be playoff editions of the post-game show Kings Talk after select postseason games.
Tickets for Kings playoff games at STAPLES Center went on sale to the general public on Friday.
View Less
Four studies were conducted to examine how concerns about mortality contribute to Americans' negative attitudes and behavior toward symbols of Islam. Study 1 found that a subtle reminder of death decreased support for the Ground Zero mosque, and increased the distance from Ground Zero that people felt was appropriate for a mosque to be built. Study 2 found that asking people to think about a mosque being built in their neighborhood increased the accessibility of implicit death thoughts. Study 3 replicated the results of Study 2 and showed that thinking of a church or synagogue did not produce the same effect as thinking of a mosque. Study 4 found that heightened death thought accessibility in response to a mortality salience induction was eliminated when the participants read a newspaper account of the desecration of the Quran.
AT-36 exposed Barco and the other early career scientists to all dimensions of such sampling opportunities. Some days, the team had an embarrassment of riches, leading to long nights of data and sample processing; on other days, technical issues and shifting schedules created a challenging logistical puzzle. Mid-way through the cruise, the plan called for two “bounce dives” – short and typically shallow Alvin sojourns that require an intricate series of procedural steps to go like clockwork. But as the sub was being readied for action, an electrical glitch was found. “At first, the delay was 30 minutes,” explains Dekas, “but it soon stretched to another 30 minutes, and then another. It didn't seem like the problem was going to be fixed any time soon.” After consulting with their fellow scientists, the Alvin team, the ship's crew, and the expedition's all-star team of mentors, Dekas came up with a plan. “We could cancel the first bounce dive scheduled that day, but we could make up for it later in the trip,” they recall. “All of the originally-scheduled divers would still be able to go down, and our science objectives would still be met.”
“I learned that one of the most essential and exciting aspects of deep-sea research is responding to unexpected challenges with deliberate, logical thinking, weighing the trade-offs of alternative plans, and acting quickly enough so that additional opportunities are not lost. It was actually one of my favorite moments of the cruise.”
A post-mortem is being conducted to determine whether the alleged rapist died before or after the attack by the angry mob.
A young child's sexually assaulted dead body was found in an iron trunk in Andhra Pradesh in the home of a shopkeeper. The suspect, Suresh, 30, had gone missing hours earlier.That was yesterday. This morning, the police spotted Suresh at a railway station in Eluru, about five kilometres from their home and village, in West Godavari district. The seven-year-old girl had disappeared on Tuesday after they visited their shop to buy eggs.When the police tried to catch him, Suresh allegedly jumped off a bridge.The police team reportedly tried to remove their body, but angry bystanders, who discovered that the dead man was wanted for sexually assaulting a child, then kicked the corpse for at least 10 minutes. The violence was captured on cellphones by witnesses and also by local media camera crews."He died from the fall... the Sub Inspector has reported that the mob was angry over the incident, but the crowd was controlled,'' West Godavari police officer Bhaskar Bhushan told NDTV. A post-mortem is being conducted to determine whether the shopkeeper died before or after the attack by the angry mob.
Douglas Carswell reveals unease about Ukip leader's remarks during election campaign, saying they could put off potential voters
Nigel Farage got it wrong on plan to ban immigrants with HIV, says Ukip MP
The Ukip leader, Nigel Farage, got the tone of their comments “wrong on so many levels” when they spoke about wanting to ban foreigners with HIV from Britain, Douglas Carswell, the party's only MP, has said.
Farage brought up the idea of stopping immigrants with life-threatening illnesses, including HIV, from entering the country during the first leaders' television debate during the general election campaign. It later emerged this was part of a deliberate “shock and awe” strategy.
At the time, Carswell avoided backing Farage and criticised a reporter for “putting a slightly slanted question that will mean I have to answer it in a way that means I'm at odds with my party leader”.
“I'm not going to play that game,” they told the Telegraph. “I think it's personally reasonable to want our national health service to be a national health service and not an international health service.”
However, Carswell has now revealed the extent of their unease about the remarks, telling BBC Radio 5 programme Pienaar's Politics: “I think some of the tone we deployed, for example, the comments about HIV, were plain wrong. Wrong on so many levels. Not just wrong because they were electorally unhelpful, but wrong because they were wrong.”
They warned against framing the debate as “mean-spirited” as it could put off many potential Ukip voters who appreciate the fact that Britain is a generous place.
“Yes, there is a really important case to be made about restricting people's right to come here and take advantage of our health service … but there is also something fundamentally generous about this country and I think we should always remember that.”
Carswell's intervention came after about of infighting within Ukip in the wake of Farage's election defeat in South Thanet and the loss of one of its two MPs.
A coup against Farage's leadership was attempted after they stepped down only to reverse their decision four days later.
Carswell was one of those calling for Farage to take a break over the summer but they denied being one of the party figures who wanted the Ukip leader to step down completely over fears they were too divisive to lead its EU referendum “out” campaign.
The Ukip MP has, however, made it clear that they would prefer a non-political person, such as the business person James Dyson, to spearhead the movement for the UK to leave the EU.
Asked about Carswell's comments, a Ukip spokesperson said: “The issue of health tourism is both real and costs the NHS millions per year. It is one of many problems that bedevil the NHS, and dealing with it, alongside many other problems is part of a greater package to ensure that the people of this country can access the world-class healthcare they both deserve and expect.”
The stock exchange Nasdaq has rejected an application for listing filed by MassRoots, a company that runs a marijuana social network, according to the company, which released a statement about the rejection.
Nasdaq rejected the application in part because the company could be seen as aiding abetting violations of federal law, namely marijuana prohibition, according to MassRoots. Nasdaq doesn't comment on listing applications and says in its rules it "upholds federal law," according to CNN Money.
For its part, MassRoots says it will appeal Nasdaq's decision to the exchange's listing appeals board.
"With this decision, we believe that the Nasdaq has set a dangerous precedent that could prevent nearly every company in the regulated cannabis industry from listing on a national exchange," MassRoots CEO Isaac Dietrich insisted in the company's statement. "This will have ripple effects across the entire industry, making it more difficult for cannabis entrepreneurs to raise capital and slow the progression of cannabis legalization in the United States."
Institutional investors began entering the marijuana market at the beginning of last year. MassRoots currently lists on the OTCQB market. The company says it has 900,000 people on its social network for marijuana users. Only individuals in states where at least medical marijuana has been legalized can register.
In its application, MassRoots acknowledged there was "no guarantee" the Obama administration would maintain a policy of low-priority enforcement of marijuana laws in states where the substance has been legalized to some degree, and that "a new administration could introduce a less favorable policy or decide to enforce federal laws strongly."
In the Rajya Sabha on 3 August, former Finance Minister P Chidambaram demanded an assurance that the “standard” goods and services tax (GST) rate will not exceed 18 percent — an assurance their successor Arun Jaitley wisely declined to commit themselves to.
The standard GST rate is the middle rate leviable on the bulk of goods and services, with a lower merit rate below that for items of mass consumption, and a higher rate (for luxury and “sin” goods like cigarettes). Besides, there could be zero-rated goods (like petroleum, which the states want to milk as long as possible).
The media went overboard after the GST constitutional amendment bill was passed, with many newspapers headlining the event as the harbinger of “one-nation-one-tax.” Some TV channels started predicting a sharp drop in the prices of cars and consumer durables, assuming an 18 percent standard GST rate.
None of this is likely to happen. For the foreseeable future, we will be “one nation, many tax rates”, and not all taxes currently subsumed into the GST may disappear altogether. They will either surface as higher state GST rates, or new taxes leviable by city corporations. The 18 percent standard GST rate is simply too risky to accept — despite its desirability — as the current combined rates of central and state value-added taxes are far above the 18 percent rate in many cases.
Consider small cars (Maruti Alto, Hyundai i10, etc). They pay a basic excise rate of 12.5 percent, and state value-added taxes are another 12.5-14.5 percent. Cars longer than four metres or with diesel engines attract even higher taxes in the 24-30 percent range. The central budget added a one percent infrastructure cess on cars this year, and some cities charge octroi rates above that.
We are thus talking an effective car tax rate of more than 28 percent for the smallest of cars. Why would any sensible finance minister at Centre or states reduce this to 18 percent? It is also not sensible to boost car sales by reducing taxes, when the state of our roads is abysmal and our cities reel under excess pollution.
Of course, cars may be a special case. But assuming an average excise-cum-service tax rate of around 14 percent for central indirect taxes (service taxes are now 15 percent), and an average five to six percent state VAT, we are looking at sensible combined rates of around 19-20 percent. Since states GST has to subsume many other taxes (octroi, entry tax, entertainment tax, luxury tax, etc), it is unlikely that we will get any middle GST rate of less than 20 percent.
So 18 is out, and 20 is what looks likely. Anything higher will risk inflation and a further slowdown; anything lower than 18 percent means the Centre may have to cough up lots of money to compensate the states for possible revenue losses.
Even though 20 percent is a stiff GST rate, it seems to be the appropriate level at which all considerations merge: inflation and revenue loss risks will be tolerable, and the political fallout minimal.
Chidambaram's 18 percent is a pipe dream, but Jaitley's 20 percent (or more) is just about acceptable, economically and politically.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
The state of Alaska has its share of picturesque panoramas and landmarks that visitors can't resist when it comes to snapping photos.
The majesty of Denali and the Alaska Range. Moose, brown bears, gray wolves, and other indigenous wildlife wandering about Katmai National Park and Preserve. Blockbuster video stores.
“Tourists that come up [to Alaska], some of them stop in the stores and take pictures,” shares Alan Payne, the president of Texas-based Border Entertainment, which owns Alaska's nine remaining Blockbusters, as well as 10 stores in Texas. “The store managers get a kick out of them.”
A sighting of one of the few lingering Blockbuster stores around the country still tickles the nostalgia bone of anyone who misses the days of late fees and khaki-clad employees if social media and online forums are any indication. The topic of the abundance (relatively speaking) of Blockbuster stores in Alaska came up in the comments thread of a recent Ask Reddit community post.
But why—as people are continually streaming videos on their phones and laptops—is Alaska still a hot bed for the former video rental chain that practically symbolized home entertainment in the '90s?
The bottom line is that the business still has a lucrative bottom line there, according to Payne.
“[DVD and Blu-ray rentals are] still a big business. I haven't looked at the most recent numbers, but I think Redbox is still [making] $3 or $4 billion a year or something like that. And it doesn't get talked about very much, but Netflix still has a huge by-mail business. … There are still a huge number of people that use it. … “The stores up there are big, and if someone was to see them on a Friday or Saturday night they'd be shocked to see how many people are in them. They're still pretty good stores.”
Internet access and the data demands of watching TV shows and movies on a streaming platform such as Netflix are part of what makes DVD rentals such a lucrative business model in the state.
“Most people in Alaska—especially in Anchorage where most people live—they have access to internet service just as good as ours, but it's not unlimited. It's charged on data usage,” Payne tells Upvoted. They say that they visit the Alaska stores about two or three times a year.
“For that reason, a lot of binge watching on Netflix and other sites has just not grown as fast up there as it has down there,” they say.
In the early 1990s, Payne and their company started out owning 15 Blockbuster franchises. That eventually grew to 41 and included more than 700 employees. But as the DVD market began to collapse, Blockbuster declared bankruptcy in 2010, and Dish Network purchased the chain the following year. In 2013, Dish decided to hit eject on the venture.
“What we and most of the remaining franchisees worked out with [Dish] was a licensing agreement,” Payne says. “So we're paying them for the use of the name only, and obviously, there's no support from Blockbuster anymore.”
In some ways, the lack of support is probably addition by subtraction for Payne's business. They attribute some of their success in Alaska to the way Border Entertainment operated the outlets, which was different than the national chain's home office.
“We just felt we had a better business model than Blockbuster corporate did,” Payne says. “Franchisees set their own pricing, manage their own inventories. It was a pretty loose arrangement. We did things much, much differently.”
That strategy didn't always translate, though, in other markets. Although Border runs more outlets in Texas than Alaska, the Lone Star State market has not been as profitable as its northern counterpart, despite having the same management philosophy behind the operation of those stores.
“Texas had its day. It's declined more rapidly than Alaska …,” Payne says. “Some of the stores in Alaska were our highest volume stores in the entire country for many years. Texas stores never got into that range. When things got declining, we had less margin for error, and we closed more stores down here than we did there.”
OMG there's a Blockbuster in Alaska… Stopping now. — Jeffree Star (@JeffreeStar) August 22, 2015
Payne realizes Texas' decline is more indicative of the current state of the DVD rental industry than Alaska's continued profitability. They know the window is continuing to close on this area of business, but they don't have any plans to abandon it yet.
“I'm not naive enough to think that the business is not severely challenged …,” Payne explains, adding that the DVD rental market is less than half the size it was at its peak. “Anybody opening a video store right now would have to have their head examined. … It's very much like the music business. The CD business is way off. A lot of it has been replaced by people buying through iTunes and whatnot, but not all of it. So the whole pie has shrunk some, and it's the same way in the home video business. “
“I'm not sure what I'll do—or if I'll do anything—after it's all over,” they add. “But it still keeps me plenty busy. Particularly since we've shrunk our support staff down. I do a lot things now that I wasn't doing five years ago.”
CRISPR Clinical Trial In a monumental development for the field of gene-editing, a pharmaceutical company has applied to run the first CRISPR clinical trial. CRISPR Therapeutics hopes to begin industry-sponsored, clinical human trials with a CRISPR therapy in 2018. Officially submitted to European regulatory authorities, the application outlines a test of CTX001, a CRISPR treatment designed for patients with sickle cell disease and β-thalassemia. In an interview with Wired, Samarth Kulkarni, CEO of CRISPR Therapeutics, said, “I think it's a momentous occasion for us, but also for the field in general. Just three years ago we were talking about CRISPR-based treatments as sci-fi fantasy, but here we are.” CRISPR, which stands for Clustered Regularly Interspaced Short Palindromic Repeats, is a relatively new gene-editing technique based off of a bacteria defense system. Generally speaking, it is a “programmable” system that targets and edits specific pieces of DNA. This technique can also be used as a diagnostic tool. At first, the concept of “gene-editing” could seem like part of a dystopian sci-fi nightmare in which we have an ethically murky amount of control over our biology. But as the technology has progressed and the incredible potential of gene-editing has been further explored, CRISPR is seen much more as an innovative tool that has the potential to save lives.
This is apparent in this clinical trial, as both patients with sickle cell disease or β-thalassemia have specific genetic mutations that adversely affect a subunit of hemoglobin, which is integral to the red blood cell's ability to carry oxygen to the body. The mutations can cause symptoms ranging from fatigue to jaundice, severe pain, and potentially death. Advancing Gene Editing The treatment that will be tested in these trials, CTX001, works by cutting out a gene that represses the production of fetal hemoglobin. This fetal form of hemoglobin gets switched off when a baby begins making the adult form, but since the adult form is mutated in patients with sickle cell disease or β-thalassemia, turning fetal hemoglobin back on could allow the red blood cells to carry oxygen efficiently again. According to data collected through cell and animal experiments, as presented by the company at the American Society of Hematology meeting in Atlanta, CTX001 is highly efficient in editing these genes and so far shows no signs of affecting other genes. However, Stuart Orkin, a hematologist-oncologist at Boston Children's Hospital, said to Chemical & Engineering News, “It is important that they do this very carefully. Because if there is a mistake or bad effect [from CRISPR], it will have repercussions beyond a single patient.”
Orkin is right. If there are any ill-effects of this treatment, not only could it be potentially disastrous for the patient receiving treatment, it could be a major detriment to the future of CRISPR-based therapies. If this CRISPR clinical trial goes badly in any way, not only could other companies be put off from starting other clinical trials, but governing organizations might not approve future testing. However, if this clinical trial proves to be a success, or at least does not produce any harmful complications, it could spell a long future of innovative and boundary-pushing CRISPR treatments. From antibiotic resistance to disease reversal and eradication, gene-editing could become a new staple in the medicine of tomorrow.
THE “INNOVATION ISLAND” plans to change its law to allow copyright litigators block access to sites they don't like.
In December, the Irish Times reported that the Irish government was planning to stop “illegal downloading” through a new government order. With half the internet blacked out in protest against SOPA yesterday, it's worth knowing that the self professed “Innovation Island” is about to publish its own law allowing music labels and other copyright holders to ban internet service providers from allowing their customers access to sites that (the copyright holders think) infringe their copyright. We're about to get our own, local, Stop Online Privacy Act (SOPA).
“Minister of State for Enterprise Seán Sherlock is to publish an order early in the new year that is expected to allow music publishers, film producers and other parties to go to court to prevent internet service providers from allowing their customers access to pirate websites.”
What does that mean?
First up, pirate websites doesn't just mean Pirate Bay. Depending on how the Order is drafted, it will likely mean any site that, in the opinion of any company or copyright holder, has infringed its copyright. So it could potentially include Google Image Search, Facebook (image & text copying), LinkedIn (image and text copying) Youtube, Google News, Flipboard, and any site that aggregates, quotes, mixes up, or creates directories of content. Goodbye Tumblr, Delicio.us, and good luck to any startup that wants to point to, arrange, quote from, or otherwise interact with the content of the internet.
You can be closed down. Just like that. Poof.
Sound dramatic? It is. That's why the anti-SOPA movement, including Wikipedia, Reddit, Mozilla, Google and others, are so worked up about its US equivalent.
The copyright lobby is looking for this new legal weapon, and there's no reason to expect that it will be used proportionately. Music labels already have a history of aggressive litigation in wringing everything they can from existing laws. Remember for a moment the last glorious 15 years of RIAA Granny-suing, the 12-year-olds in court, the million dollar judgments against people who didn't know their kids were downloading. There's no-one more aggressive than someone backed into a corner, and the essential “value ad” (or reason for existence) of music labels – marketing and distribution of “records” – has been overtaken by technology. Musicians can record songs, release them online, achieve fame, and make money without any need to impress a record company. Today EMI & co. cling to copyright laws, and need new weapons in their legal arsenal to keep their revenues up.
The proposed changes in Irish laws would give these desperadoes, and other litigants, a nuclear threat to force the internet to rearrange itself in a way that suits them.
Imagine, for a moment, what the World Wide Web would look like if it was shaped to the will of the music companies and movie studios and old media giants. There'd probably be about 12 (very expensive) websites on the whole thing, streaming live Disney movies, X-Factor songs, and €16.99 uncopyable, single listen digital albums.
Of course, the big boys (like Youtube) will probably work out deals with the labels and copyright litigants. Those deals most likely will not suit you and me. Startups that can't afford lawyers and are perceived as threats could be easily sued out of existence (quite literally, they would go dark), and we could all move back to the mid '90s.
Yesterday, a substantial portion of the internet blacked itself out in protest at SOPA, and its passage looks increasingly doubtful. But Ireland is careening in the other direction.
Free internet access is not a “loophole”
Why has there been so little outcry about this potentially drastic change to the law in Ireland? Broadsheet.ie went dark as part of the international anti-SOPA protests, but the papers and RTE are quiet.
Part of this might be down to the one-sided reporting on the matter. In the Irish Times piece referred to above, the fact that music companies can't force ISPs to block access to particular sites is referred to by the reporter as “a loophole in Irish law”. By that logic, the fact that the Irish Times can't get an injunction to stop you sharing a newspaper is a “loophole”. So is your right to share your choc ice. Free internet access is not a “loophole”.
More recently, the Irish Music Rights Association (IMRA, our local RIAA) launched litigation to force the government to pass other laws it wants – basically a “3 Strikes” rule to take away the internet from copyright infringers. Needless to say, the only quotes in the piece were from IMRA chief Willie Kavanagh. They said the “3 Strikes” rule was “working incredibly well.” What does that mean? A lot of people are being booted off the internet and buying CDs?
As law lecturer TJ McIntyre said on their blog, it's “disappointing to see a story uncritically repeat the claims of one side to litigation without offering either a response from the other side or an independent perspective.”
In its earlier piece, the Times adds that “Official figures show that CD sales in the Republic fell from €146 million in 2006 to €56 million last year.”
CD sales. That's what it's all about people! If EMI and IMRA have their way, our booming CD-based economy will rebound by Q3 2012.
Paul Quigley is co-founder of Newswhip.com. This opinion piece first appeared on Newswhip's blog yesterday.
Ings is set to start training with Liverpool but they have yet to agree a fee with their former club Martin Rickett / PA:Press Association
The continuing failure of Liverpool and Burnley to agree a fee for Danny Ings looks increasingly likely to result in the forward's value being determined at a Premier League tribunal.
Despite several weeks of negotiations, the clubs remain distant in their respective valuations of Ings, with Liverpool's most recent offer of up to £6 million falling considerably short of Burnley's demand for a fee in the region of £10 million.
The dispute will not prevent Ings from starting training with Liverpool tomorrow after their early return from holiday but it does raise the possibility of the situation dragging on for the foreseeable future and possibly overshadowing the 22-year-old's opening weeks at their new club.
Unless there is a resolution, a Premier League tribunal will rule…
Inevitably, Romer's big idea attracts some skeptical responses. “Paul is very creative,” says William Easterly, a development economist at New York University, “and sometimes creativity can cross the line into craziness.” The way Easterly sees it, charter cities (like charter schools in American cities) may provide an alternative to incumbent government systems, promising experimentation, competition, and perhaps a new way forward. But Easterly also worries that Romer has fallen prey to an old siren song—the idea that you can slough off debilitating customs and vested interests by constructing a technocratic petri dish uncontaminated by politics. Other critics are blunter. “Romer makes it sound as though setting up a charter city is like setting up a fairground,” Elliott Sclar, a professor of urban planning at Columbia University, told me. “We take a clear piece of land, we turn on the bright lights, and we create this separate environment that will stand apart from everything that's around it. I wish it were that simple.”
However simple-seeming their ideas, Romer is no lightweight. Starting in the late 1980s, they produced a series of papers that changed the way their profession thinks about economic growth; their most celebrated contribution, published in 1990, “was one of the best papers in economics in 25 or 30 years,” in the estimation of Charles I. Jones, a colleague of Romer's at Stanford. Before the Romer revolution, theorists had explained an economy's growing output by looking at the obvious inputs—the number of hours worked, the skills of the workforce, the quantity of machinery and other physical capital.
But Romer stressed a fourth driver of growth, which they termed simply “ideas,” a category that encompassed everything from the formula for a new drug to the most efficient sequence for stitching 19 pieces of material into a sneaker. In statistical tests, the traditional inputs appeared to account for only half the differences in countries' output per person, suggesting that ideas might account for the remaining half—and that leaving them out of a growth theory was like leaving the prince out of Hamlet. And whereas the old models had predicted that growth would slow as population expansion put stress on resources, and as new investment in skills and capital yielded diminishing returns, Romer's New Growth Theory opened the window onto a sunnier worldview: a larger number of affluent people means more ideas, so prosperity and population expansion might cause growth to speed up.
Romer's enthusiasm for technology made them a natural West Coaster, so it is not surprising that, after spells on the faculty at the University of Rochester and the University of Chicago, they fetched up at the University of California at Berkeley and then at Stanford's Graduate School of Business. But the next turn in their thinking involved a rebellion against the libertarianism of their Silicon Valley home. “I was willing to be a bit confrontational,” Romer says, impishly. Starting with a paper they presented at a World Bank conference in 1992, Romer began to emphasize that “ideas” included more than just technologies and manufacturing processes. Ideas were also embodied in customs and institutions—or, as Romer later came to put it, “rules”—patent law, competition law, bankruptcy law, and so on, as well as the softer “norms” that govern people's behavior. Indeed, these rules could be even more important than technologies, however much the digerati of Silicon Valley might wish to believe otherwise. Without new technologies, an economy might grow slowly. But without decent rules, an economy cannot even make use of the technologies that already exist.
To drive home the importance of good rules to economic growth, Romer sometimes shows a photograph of Guinean teenagers doing their homework under streetlights. The line of hunched, concentrating figures presents a mystery, Romer says; from the photo it is clear that the teens are not dirt poor, and youths like these generally own cell phones. Yet they evidently have no electric light at home, or they would not be studying by the curbside. “So here is the puzzle,” Romer declares: Why do these kids have access to a cutting-edge technology like the cell phone, but not to a 100-year-old technology for generating electric light in the home? The answer, in a word, is rules. Because of misguided price controls in the teenagers' country, the local electricity utility has no incentive to connect their houses to the power grid. Their society lacks the rules that make technological advance meaningful.
An entry-level job is a job that is normally designed or designated for recent graduates of a given discipline and typically does not require prior experience in the field or profession. These roles may require some on-site training. Many entry-level jobs are part-time and do not include employee benefits. Recent graduates from high school or college usually take entry-level positions. Entry-level jobs targeted at college graduates often offer a higher salary than those targeted at high school graduates. These positions are more likely to require specific skills, knowledge, or experience.[1] Most entry-level jobs offered to college graduates are full-time permanent positions and some offer more extensive graduate training programs. While entry-level jobs traditionally required no experience, the Great Recession produced a surplus of college graduates on the job market and eliminated many entry level positions.[2][3]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
More than 60 popular medicines, some specifically labelled for children, will now be marked with warnings that they should not be given to those under six and are not recommended for under-12s.
A review of popular remedies including Lemsip powders, Day Nurse and Sudafed by the Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) found "no robust evidence that these medicines work" in children.
The alert centres on 15 ingredients which are found in most cough and cold medicines, many of which have been used for years by drug companies.
Leaflets advising parents will be sent to all pharmacies by the Proprietary Association of Great Britain, which represents manufacturers of over-the-counter medicines.
PAGB executive director Sheila Kelly said: "Companies who make children's cough and cold medicines have voluntarily agreed to change the labels on products to remove the dosage instructions for children under six. This will take place as soon as possible over the next cough and cold season, next winter."
Children's cough and cold medicines were designed at a time when it was not considered ethical to conduct clinical trials in children, and evidence of their safety and effectiveness is only based on studies carried out in adults.
MHRA spokesperson Jeremy Mean said: "Many years ago it was thought that we could use adult doses in a watered down way but we now know that children's bodies are different."
An outbreak of a measles-like virus is killing off a record number of dolphins on the east coast.
WASHINGTON – An outbreak of a measles-like virus is killing off a record number of dolphins on the east coast.
It's the deadliest outbreak of morbillivirus ever recorded. At least 753 bottlenose dolphins have washed up on beaches from New York to Florida since the beginning of July. The last major outbreak in the 1980s continued for about nine months. This time around, with just four months into the current epidemic, NOAA officials say the death toll is already at an all-time high – and could rise.
Since there's no vaccine that can be administered to a large dolphin population, researchers can't prevent it from spreading.
The Virginia Aquarium & Marine Science Center in Virginia Beach has performed necropsies on hundreds of dead dolphins. Five whales also tested positive for morbillivirus.
The virus is targeting marine mammals, so NOAA officials say it's unlikely humans will be affected. But they advise staying away from beached whales or dolphins.
Related Stories:
Follow @WTOP on Twitter.
Former WBC middleweight world champion Julio Cesar Chavez Jr. (50-3-1, 32 KOs) revealed on social media that he's returning to the ring on November 11 at The Forum in Los Angeles, California.
According to Chavez, they are facing former WBC super middleweight champion Anthony Dirrell (30-1-1, 24 KOs) at the full division limit of 168-pounds.
Back in May at the T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas, Chavez Jr. drained themselves down to catch-weight of 164.5-pounds for an all-Mexican showdown with Saul "Canelo" Alvarez, who moved up from 155-pounds. Chavez Jr. took a beating in the fight from start to finish and appeared to have no energy.
After that loss, Chavez revealed that they they basically starved themselves to make the weight, as there was a stiff penalty of $1 million for every pound they were over in the contest. It was Chavez's lowest weight since September 2012, when they fought as a middleweight.
Prior to the loss to Canelo, Chavez had fought in the super middleweight limit and defeated tough German contender Dominik Britsch last fall in Mexico.
Chavez had been targeting a fight with former middleweight champion Daniel Jacobs, who had very little interest in moving up to 168-pounds to face him.
Dirrell was scheduled to face Callum Smith and then David Benavidez for the vacant WBC 168-pound title. They withdrew with an injury. Benavidez now holds the belt after recently defeating Ronald Gavril.
Dirrell has now won two in a row, including their last two by knockout, since losing their title by way of a twelve round decision to Badou Jack in 2015.
Many will wonder if this fight is a miscalculation for Chavez. Back in 2015, they took a similar big risk by returning from an injury and a one-year layoff, by moving up to light heavyweight and fought top contender Andrzej Fonfara of Poland. Fonfara dominated the fight and handed Chavez their first stoppage loss.
Submitted by George Reisman via the Ludwig von Mises Institute,
The efforts underway by the Service Employees International Union, and its political and media allies, to raise the minimum wage from $7.25 to $15 per hour would, if successful, cause major unemployment among low-skilled workers, who are the supposed beneficiaries of those efforts.
The reason is not only the fact that higher wages serve to raise costs of production and thus prices, which in turn serves to reduce physical sales volume and thus the number of workers needed. There is also another equally, if not more important reason in this case, and it is a reason which is only very inadequately described by reference to the substitution of machinery or automation for the direct labor of workers when wages are increased.
This is the fact that a low wage constitutes a competitive advantage for less-skilled workers that serves to protect them from competition from more-skilled workers. In other words, a wage of $7.25 per hour for fast-food workers serves to protect those workers from competition from workers able to earn $8 to $15 per hour in other lines of work. The workers able to earn these higher wage rates are not interested in seeking employment at the lower wage rates of the fast-food workers.
But if the wage of the fast-food workers, and all other workers presently earning less than $15 per hour, is raised to $15 per hour, then these more capable workers can now earn as much as fast-food workers as they can in any of the occupations in which they had been working up to now.
Moreover, the widespread rise in wage rates to $15 per hour will cause unemployment in all of the occupations affected. The unemployed clerks, telemarketers, factory workers, and whoever, who otherwise would have earned between $8 and $15 per hour, will have no reason not to apply for work in fast food, which will now pay as much as any other occupation that is open to them. And since those workers are more capable, it is overwhelmingly likely that to the extent that they do seek employment as fast-food workers, they will be preferred over the low-skilled workers who presently work in fast-food establishments. Thus, the rise in the wage of the fast-food workers will serve as an invitation to the competition of large numbers of workers who do not presently think of working as fast-food workers and who, being better qualified, will almost certainly take away their jobs.
Between less employment overall in the least-skilled lines of work such as fast food, and the incentive created for vastly increased competition for employment in those lines coming from more qualified workers, the effect could well be to close those lines altogether to the employment of workers at the low end of skill and ability. That, of course, would deprive these people of the opportunity to acquire skills and abilities from work experience that otherwise would have enabled them to become capable of performing more demanding jobs later on.
What the demand for a $15 an hour minimum wage represents is a case of low-skilled workers being led to reach for a high-wage “bird in the bush,” so to speak. Unfortunately, at the high wage, there are both fewer birds in the bush than are presently in hand and most or all of them will fly away into the hands of others, who possess greater skills and abilities, if the attempt is made to reach for them.
This must ultimately be the result even if somehow the present fast-food workers and the like could be enabled to keep their jobs for a time. Even so, practically every time that it became a question of hiring someone new, the new employees would almost certainly be drawn from the ranks of workers of greater skill and ability than those who had customarily been employed in these jobs. Thus, even if not immediately, in time there would simply be no more room in the economic system for workers at or near the bottom of the skills ladder.
No one can question the desirability of being able to earn $15 an hour rather than $7.25 an hour. Still more desirable would be the ability to earn $50 an hour instead of $15 an hour. However, it is necessary to know considerably more than this about economics before attempting to enact sweeping changes in economic policy, changes to be achieved by attempting to organize a mass movement that is based on nothing but a desire for economic improvement and no real knowledge whatever of how actually to achieve it.
December 13, 2013 at 11:44 AM
In a city known for road diets and traffic calming, about 40,000 motorists a day can legally go faster when speed-limit signs on the Spokane Street Viaduct are changed this weekend from 35 mph to 40 mph.
The limit on the new road deck has been 35 mph since it was finished a year ago. The $164 million project widened the lanes to 11 feet, added merge and exit lanes, improved earthquake resistance, and removed a dangerous offramp from the westbound roadway to northbound Fourth Avenue South, replacing that with a First Avenue South ramp. However, the Seattle Department of Transportation (SDOT) made the initial speed the same as for the old structure, to see how traffic would behave.
Traffic engineers now believe that a 40-mph limit is safe. A speed sample of Wednesdays in November found the average car going 40.38 mph, dropping to 37 mph during rush-hour congestion, and averaging 43 mph late at night.
Some drivers travel closer to 50 mph, hindering the slower traffic trying to merge at First Avenue South or exit at Harbor Island. Farther west on the high West Seattle Bridge, the posted speed is 45 mph.
In related news, the SDOT says it has replaced worn-out overhead signs with new signs that are so reflective there's no need to install electric lights on them — a trend that might help the city save money on future sign projects, according to spokesperson Marybeth Turner.
We just got through an image and some blurb from CDPR (above, clicky for large), in which they announced their new RPG-building game tech, REDEngine 3. We know that it's going to power Cyberpunk 2077, but see if this sounds like The Witcher 3 to you: “Combining a non-linear story and open-world RPG for the first time, CD Projekt RED's REDengine 3 brings a new level of realism to the gaming experience.” And then there's CD Projekt RED boss Adam Badowski, saying: “If we look at RPGs nowadays we find two approaches, one which emphasizes the story but limits the game world, and one that builds a vast, open world but hampers and simplifies the story. With the REDengine 3 we combine the positive aspects of both approaches for the first time, creating an open environment with a complex, multi-thread story. Together with believable characters, a captivating tale and a world where players can roam freely without loading times, we will be able to move gaming to a new level with a realistic feel and full player immersion.” Sounds a lot like what we might expect The Witcher 3 hyper to sound like, eh?
So that might not be a screenshot of the as-yet-unannounced-but-totally-happening-soon The Witcher 3, but it's probably not far off…
Several police agencies, including the FBI, are continuing an extensive search Friday at a property on Wheeling Avenue in the town of Gaston, just north of Muncie in Delaware County.
Muncie police were on scene all night Thursday and returned at 7 a.m. Friday.
Late Friday, earth movers filled in one of the large holes that had been excavated and searched by police. Backhoes and other machinery moved in and out of the search zone all day.
Cadaver and other search dogs worked late into the afternoon, leading investigators through the 142-acre piece of property.
Delaware County Prosecutor Jeffrey Arnold was with them.
"We are using every available source of technology that we have out here," they said.
Arnold, however, isn't providing any details about the criminal investigation.
"It's been a long process. It's been a really lengthy investigation," Arnold said.
Thursday, as many as 40 officers from several law enforcement agencies participated in the search. Friday, Muncie's police chief Steve Stewart said there were about half as many officers working their way across the open ground, wooded areas and numerous buildings. What they may have found or may be looking for, no one will say.
"We've got specific targets that we're looking for and working on and we're going to be here awhile," they said.
They won't say what prompted the criminal investigation or how long it has been under way. Much of the property is secluded by trees and brush, hidden from the street with only a few ways in and out.
Early Friday, a woman living across the street was accompanied by police onto the property. A short time later, they returned with personal possessions. Residents of the home asked reporters to stay off their property.
Police would only say they were letting them 'get stuff for their kids' @WTHRcom pic.twitter.com/xzx57OwZ7U — Kris Kirschner (@krisk13) November 6, 2015
Police aren't saying how long they expect to search. Chief Stewart praised their officers' tenacity, saying they have a lot to look for and a lot of places to look.
There's been speculation police are looking for a missing Muncie mother who disappeared two years ago. Don Morris' daughter, Ashley Morris Mullis, left three young children behind.
When Morris heard they were digging and searching near Muncie, they felt "terrified it could be my daughter."
Both the chief of police and prosecutors say Mullis is not the subject of the criminal investigation, but Morris still took the opportunity to remind the public of their daughter's disappearance. Their family posted a $10,000 reward plus Don's Harley-Davidson motorcycle.
"I can't lose hope. It's my kid. I have faith I will find them I will find answers. I won't give up."
The family asks anyone with information on Ashley to call police.
Meanwhile, late Friday, a search dog led police into one of the wooded areas on the property. What they might have found and where the investigation is going is still a mystery. One of the vehicles seen leaving the search area Friday night, though, was a flatbed truck loaded with five safes.
Flat bed loaded with safes. Police seized the possible evidence in Delaware County Friday pic.twitter.com/rw4t0eXvjN — David MacAnally (@DavidMacAnally) November 7, 2015
An eyewitness told WTHR police brought out another huge, homemade safe-like iron box Thursday as well.
"I've seen a lot. And I've told what I've known. It's just concerning for all citizens around there, " said resident Don Fluhr. "I told the FBI agent-- I said, 'I'm really glad you guys are doing what you're doing.' No matter what they find, no matter what they, do they're just trying to do their jobs and keeping us safe."
Karman Willmer, left, and Shelby Messenger protest against SB277, a measure requiring California school children to get vaccinated, on, June 9, 2015, in Sacramento. (Rich Pedroncelli/AP)
If NASA really faked the moon landing in 1969, about 411,000 people would have worked together to keep that information from the public, and the whole thing would have been exposed about four years later, according to an Oxford researcher who has found a mathematical way to examine the viability of conspiracy theories.
David Robert Grimes is a physicist and cancer researcher, but they also write science pieces for the Irish Times and the Guardian. As a science writer, he's used to being contacted by people who adhere to science-based conspiracy theories, which generally involve accusing the scientific community at large of colluding on fake data for nefarious purposes, Oxford University said in a release about Grimes's new paper, published in PLOS this week.
[A researcher explains why hoaxes flourish on the social Web]
To help demonstrate the viability (or lack thereof) of several well-known conspiracy theories, Grimes wrote an equation to show just how hard it would be to keep large-scale conspiracies — if they were true — a secret.
“For a conspiracy of even a few thousand actors, intrinsic failure would arise within decades. For hundreds of thousands, such failure would be assured within less than half a decade,” Grimes concluded. In other words: bad news for a lot of the Internet's most persistent conspiracies.
For instance, more than 440,000 people would have to be working together to fool the public if climate change deniers are correct. Grimes's equation calculated that such a conspiracy would have been exposed — either by an internal whistleblower or, accidentally — three years and nine months after it began.
“The results of this model suggest that large conspiracies (≥1,000 agents) quickly become untenable and prone to failure,” Grimes said.
How? The equation considers several factors, including the number of conspirators required over time to keep any given wrongdoing a secret, whether said conspiracy simply requires silence on the part of the people involved or active maintenance, and the rate at which those involved would die out over time, either because of natural causes or because of, uh, deliberate targeting.
The probability of exposure used in the equation comes from a handful of conspiracies that turned out to be true in real life: the U.S. mass surveillance tactics that were made public by whistleblower Edward Snowden; the Tuskegee syphilis experiment, where researchers unethically refused to give penicillin to African American men who were part of a syphilis study; and the FBI forensics scandal. Information about those conspiracies were interpreted to create a ” ‘best-case' scenario for the conspirators,” for the sake of the equation, they said.
Grimes then used the equation to indicate the viability of four major conspiracy theories: climate change denial, anti-vaccination movements, the NASA moon hoax, and the cancer cure conspiracy — or the belief that a cure for cancer is being withheld from the public.
[When it comes to vaccination, people trust online commenters as much as doctors]
The full paper has a detailed rundown of how different interpretations of the size of the alleged conspiracy might affect the probability of exposure. For instance, the number of people involved in covering up a vaccination plot could either be about 22,000, or more than 700,000, depending on whether you believe pharmaceutical companies are colluding with the CDC and the World Health Organization, as many anti-vaccination believers do, or whether the companies were simply duped into furthering the conspirators' interests.
As you can see from the chart below, the inclusion of pharmaceutical companies in the vaccine makes a huge difference in the probable time to exposure. The same goes for whether the climate change coverup conspiracy involves only active climate research scientists, or whether it, as is more commonly alleged, includes all the scientific bodies endorsing the scientific consensus on the existence and cause of climate change:
Source: PLOS Online
These numbers represent the maximum time to imminent failure and are based on conservative assessments of the size of the alleged plots, even for the more widespread scenarios. They also don't take into account any possible external exposures of a conspiracy, which would only increase the likelihood of a conspiracy going public.
[What was fake on the Internet this week: Why this is the final column]
Recent research has shown that models like Grimes's, however clever they are, probably won't do very much to sway the minds of those who are invested in these conspiracy beliefs. To Intersect's Caitlin Dewey put it this way while discussing hoax news sites in their final installment of the “What was Fake on the Internet” series:
Institutional distrust is so high right now, and cognitive bias so strong always, that the people who fall for hoax news stories are frequently only interested in consuming information that conforms with their views — even when it's demonstrably fake.
Grimes, too, knows that “it is highly unlikely” that their equation would change the viewpoint of most conspiracy believers. But they ended their study on a mildly optimistic thought anyway: “For the less invested,” they wrote, “such an intervention might indeed prove useful.”
“‘Not everyone who believes in a conspiracy is unreasonable or unthinking,” Grimes added in a statement accompanying their study. “I hope that by showing how eye-wateringly unlikely some alleged conspiracies are, some people will reconsider their anti-science beliefs.”
Liked that? Try these:
Meet the crunchy, chemical-hating anti-vaccine conspiracy theorists. From 100 years ago.
The big myth Facebook needs everyone to believe
The guy who made a fake Ammon Bundy account says it was easy to trick the Internet
By Peter Stevenson
THE GOVERNMENT wants tougher gun controls that will prevent army reservists with psychological problems or who show aggressive behaviour from possessing a weapon.
The cabinet approved a raft of measures on Wednesday following last month's murder-suicide where a reservist in Limassol killed their estranged wife and then himself.
The incident happened when the 32-year-old man shot and killed their 27-year-old wife with their army issue assault rifle, injured their ten year old daughter on the hand, and then took their own life.
“The majority of the measures which are being introduced are not new but they outline how each department or service is required to improve how they coordinate with the National Guard and the police,” a Defence Ministry spokesperson said.
Following an inter-service meeting in early October, the Defence Ministry deemed it necessary for everyone involved in the issue of gun control within the National Guard (NG) to coordinate their efforts more efficiently. Taking part in that meeting were officials from the NG, police, mental health services, the health ministry, the psychiatric society, the personal data commission, the social welfare department and the union of communities.
It was decided that reservists will be reminded that they need to pack their weapon and ammo in separate, safe places. The Defence Ministry said it may carry out random checks to make sure that weapons are packed away in a safe place and that instructions are being followed.
In cases where the police or the NG establish that a weapon has been used illegally by any reservist then the Defence Ministry will be notified and decide on what measures to take, while if ammunition is lost or stolen, the reservist will be charged for the loss.
The police and the NG will exchange information on a monthly basis regarding who is eligible to carry a weapon, whether it is a hunting rifle or army issue.
The general public and local community councils will also need to inform the welfare services, the police or the NG about people who are acting aggressively or may have threatened others with violence and deemed dangerous to their family or others.
Psychologist associations will be tasked to inform the social welfare department of people who are deemed to be dangerous and should not possess a firearm, without violating any confidentiality agreements. The social welfare department in turn would inform the police and the NG.
The health ministry's mental health services will also be responsible for informing the NG of any cases of people with psychological problems who are banned from owning a weapon.
U.S. regulators warned Fresenius SE after the company's Indian plant that makes cancer-drug ingredients for the U.S. market aborted hundreds of drug-quality tests because they seemed like they were going to fail due to impurities.
When workers at the plant found potential tainted products, they halted the tests and said human or machine errors were to blame instead, according to a Food and Drug Administration warning letter dated Dec. 4 that cited 248 aborted checks at the West Bengal facility.
“It is essential that you initiate an immediate and comprehensive assessment of your company's global manufacturing operations to ensure that systems and processes, and ultimately, the products manufactured, conform to FDA requirements at all your sites,” the agency said in its letter, which was posted on Tuesday.
The agency recommended that Fresenius hire a consultant to help it improve its manufacturing practices. The company, based in Bad Homburg, Germany, didn't respond to requests seeking comments.
The names of the ingredients involved were redacted in the FDA letter.
Fresenius is one Europe's biggest provider of health care. According to documents known as “drug master files” filed in the past with the FDA, Fresenius manufactures ingredients used in chemotherapies to treat many kinds of cancer. The India plant cited in the letter is run by a unit called Fresenius Kabi, which has over 25 manufacturing facilities worldwide.
In its warning letter, the FDA asked Fresenius to review all failed quality tests that were invalidated for products that are meant to be sold in the U.S. and to evaluate all instances when a test was aborted and determine the potential effect on the quality of drug ingredients released for distribution.
The agency also warned that if the company doesn't correct the issues raised in the letter, FDA workers could refuse products made at the facility admission into the U.S.
Contact us at editors@time.com.
The Python logging module is often a source of confusion with developers. Often, logging is the final thought in a project. When we are finishing up a project, the last thing we want to do is sift through the logging documentation to figure logging out. It is a perpetual cycle that results in some very bad code.
I am going to assume that you have some familiarity with the Python logging module and the concept of logging levels, so I will only address concepts with the logging module that has been a source of confusion in colleagues.
How Python logging should be used in modules
The first source of confusion with the Python logging module is the question of how to create a logger. This is probably the easiest part of Python logging. Here's how you do it:
import logging = logging . getLogger ( __name__ )
That is basically it. That code will create a logger based on the module's fully qualified name. So if we have a module called mypackage.module1.module2 , that will be the logger's name.
Keep in mind that __name__ is the string "__main__" if your Python file is run as a script. Other than that, this is all you need to do.
You do not have to worry about logging levels, handlers, or anything else in your modules. How your loggers are configured is an application level setting. Your modules have no reason to worry about how to configure loggers.
Logger names
An often overlooked fact about loggers is that logger names are hierarchical. That is why I choose to use the module name as the logger name. The hierarchy starts with the root logger and descends from there.
The root logger can be accessed by calling:
rootLogger = logging . getLogger ()
Configuring the root logger will cascade down to the other loggers:
rootLogger . setLevel ( logging . INFO )
The same is true if you access a parent of any other logger:
appLogger = logging . getLogger ( "myapp" ) appLogger . setLevel ( logging . INFO )
All myapp.* loggers will have the level INFO as their default.
Let us say that there are the following loggers used in our application:
redis.connection
mysql.connection
mysql.query
myapp.models.polls
myapp.models.questions
myapp.models.articles
If we only wanted connection errors from our databases, query debug information from MySQL, and warnings from myapp 's models; we could configure it as so:
logging . getLogger () . setLevel ( logging . ERROR ) logging . getLogger ( "mysql.query" ) . setLevel ( logging . DEBUG ) logging . getLogger ( "myapp.models" ) . setLevel ( logging . WARNING )
That is it. This accomplishes what I described. We set the default level to ERROR which causes redis.connection and mysql.connection to only emit ERROR and EXCEPTION level messages. We set the mysql.query logger to DEBUG to emit query debug messages. Finally, we set the myapp.models logger to WARNING .
Configuring Python loggers
I just showed you how to configure the level of a logger pragmatically. Where should that code exist?
If you answered, "In the module," I want you to get up, find the nearest blunt object, and hit yourself with it. Do you not remember me saying that logging configuration is an application level configuration?
Here is a hypothetical script that uses a Redis connection.
import_presidents1.py :
import csv from redis import StrictRedis reader = csv . reader ( open ( "./presidents.csv" )) header = reader . next () client = StrictRedis () for row in reader : key = "president: %s " % ( row [ 0 ], ) doc = dict ( zip ( header , row )) client . set ( key , doc )
Now, let us assume that the redis module used a redis.connection logger that logs a DEBUG level message whenever the redis client needs to reconnect to the server. Here is a mock Redis client for this example.
When we run the code as it is, no connection messages will be printed.
Now, let us say our connection is flaky and we have to reconnect to Redis often:
import_presidents2.py :
import csv from redis import StrictRedis reader = csv . reader ( open ( "./presidents.csv" )) header = reader . next () client = StrictRedis () for i , row in enumerate ( reader ): key = "president: %s " % ( row [ 0 ], ) doc = dict ( zip ( header , row )) # simulate a disconnect every 3 operations if i % 3 == 0 : client . disconnect () client . set ( key , doc )
We can configure the redis.connection logger to output the connection messages by configuring our script like so:
import_presidents3.py :
import logging import csv from redis import StrictRedis logging . basicConfig () logging . getLogger ( "redis.connection" ) . setLevel ( logging . DEBUG ) reader = csv . reader ( open ( "./presidents.csv" )) header = reader . next () client = StrictRedis () for i , row in enumerate ( reader ): key = "president: %s " % ( row [ 0 ], ) doc = dict ( zip ( header , row )) # simulate a disconnect every 3 operations if i % 3 == 0 : client . disconnect () client . set ( key , doc )
For simplicity, we could have replaced:
logging . basicConfig () logging . getLogger ( "redis.connection" ) . setLevel ( logging . DEBUG )
with:
logging . basicConfig ( level = logging . DEBUG )
logging.basicConfig() is a really handy function. I find myself using basicConfig() often because most of the time I simply want to output to stderr or to a single file rather than wanting complex routing using Handlers.
What are Handlers and Formatters?
Apart from Loggers, there are three classes that are used to configure an application's loggers: logging.Handler , logging.Formatter , and logging.Filter .
A Handler defines how a message is handled. For instance, there is a StreamHandler that logs messages to stderr .
There are 13 standard Handlers defined in the logging.handlers module that will send messages to files, syslog, HTTP servers, sockets, and what have you.
A Formatter is exactly what it sounds like. It formats a LogRecord. That's pretty much it.
A Filter filters a LogRecord. I have never needed one, so I will let you define your own use case for Filters.
Let us change our presidential import script to log any exceptions that occur when importing:
import_presidents4.py :
import config import logging import csv from redis import StrictRedis # We do not want to use __name__ here because __name__ is "__main__" log = logging . getLogger ( "presidents.importer" ) try : reader = csv . reader ( open ( "./presidents.csv" )) header = reader . next () client = StrictRedis () for i , row in enumerate ( reader ): key = "president: %s " % ( row [ 0 ], ) doc = dict ( zip ( header , row )) # simulate a disconnect every 3 operations if i % 3 == 0 : client . disconnect () # simulate a failure if row [ 0 ] == "37" : raise exception ( "crook." ) client . set ( key , doc ) except : log . exception ( "dang it." )
Notice that we added import config . This will let us separate configuration from implementation. (For our little one-off script, having a config.py module is overkill; it exists here to prove a point.)
Here are the contents of config.py :
import logging from logging import FileHandler , StreamHandler default_formatter = logging . Formatter ( \ " %(asctime)s : %(levelname)s : %(message)s " ) console_handler = StreamHandler () console_handler . setFormatter ( default_formatter ) error_handler = FileHandler ( "error.log" , "a" ) error_handler . setLevel ( logging . ERROR ) error_handler . setFormatter ( default_formatter ) root = logging . getLogger () root . addHandler ( console_handler ) root . addHandler ( error_handler ) root . setLevel ( logging . DEBUG )
An alternative way to configure your application's logger is to use the logging.config.fileConfig to configure the loggers using an INI file.
Here is the equivalent INI file for the configuration we previously described using Python code:
logging.ini :
[formatters] keys = default [formatter_default] format = %(asctime)s:%(levelname)s:%(message)s class = logging.Formatter [handlers] keys = console, error_file [handler_console] class = logging.StreamHandler formatter = default args = tuple() [handler_error_file] class = logging.FileHandler level = ERROR formatter = default args = ("error.log", "w") [loggers] keys = root [logger_root] level = DEBUG formatter = default handlers = console,error_file
To use this file, let us modify our config.py .
config_ini.py :
import logging.config import os.path LOGGING_CONF = os . path . join ( os . path . dirname ( __file__ ), "logging.ini" ) logging . config . fileConfig ( LOGGING_CONF )
Finally, here's the updated import script:
import_presidents5.py :
import config_ini import logging import csv from redis import StrictRedis # We do not want to use __name__ here because __name__ is "__main__" log = logging . getLogger ( "presidents.importer" ) try: reader = csv . reader ( open ( "./presidents.csv" )) header = reader . next () client = StrictRedis () for i , row in enumerate ( reader ) : key = "president:%s" % ( row [ 0 ], ) doc = dict ( zip ( header , row )) # simulate a disconnect every 3 operations if i % 3 == 0 : client . disconnect () # simulate a failure if row [ 0 ] == "37" : raise Exception ( "Crook." ) client . set ( key , doc ) except: log . exception ( "Dang it." )
For some people INI files leave a bad taste is the mouth. If you do not like the taste of INI files, you can also configure the loggers using a dictionary or with Python code. It's up to you.
There we have it. Python 2's built-in logging module is one of those warts of the standard library that goes against the "Zen of Python"; but once you learn the non-obvious way the designers intended to be used, it becomes simple.
I hope this helps clear up Python's logging module for you.
Links
Catalog Number: ALR-0027
Release Date: 12/13/11
CD Track List:
Panic - Kitten Stop Me If You Think You've Heard This One Before - The Rest What Difference Does It Make? - Joy Zipper Shoplifters of the World Unite - Tanya Donelly w/ Dylan in the Movies Please Please Please Let Me Get What I Want - William Fitzsimmons I Won't Share You - Sixpence None the Richer Well I Wonder - Sara Lov Half a Person - Greg Laswell Last Night I Dreamt That Somebody Loved Me - Dala Some Girls Are Bigger Than Others - Chikita Violenta Sheila Take A Bow - Telekinesis Is It Really So Strange? - Solvents Hand In Glove - The Wedding Present How Soon Is Now? - Mike Viola and The Section Quartet There Is a Light That Never Goes Out - Trespassers William Rubber Ring - Girl in a Coma I Know It's Over - Elk City What They Said - Katy Goodman (La Sera, Vivian Girls) London - Cinerama Reel Around the Fountain - Doug Martsch (Built To Spill)
"An awesome cover-compilation!" -Paste
"An outstanding and highly varied assortment of Smiths covers" -Consequence of Sound
"A worthwhile tribute that reinvents the songs while retaining The Smiths glorious spirit." -NME
"A wonderful 20-song, double-LP blockbuster!" -The Big Takeover
Quote:
Champions who are strong against Alice
Cho'Gath - No doubt about it, Cho'Gath is Alice's hard-counter. They can one-shot any of their dolls easily with Feast, and all of their other skills deal AOE damage, which can be especially high if they go AP style. Cho'Gath is easily capable of wiping out your armies, or they can tank your dolls with no difficulty whatsoever. And even if they do AP style, he'll still be very robust. There's very little Alice can do about a full-grown Cho'Gath on their own; she'll need back-up to stand a chance.
Karthus - Karthus is a total nightmare for Alice to deal with. Lay Waste and Defile will quickly annihilate their army, while Wall of Pain can grind their forces to a halt. Fallen One can bypass your army to hit you as well. With Defile, if Karthus keeps killing your dolls, you'll end up in a losing fight since he'll keep regenerating their mana faster than you can. If faced by him, get magic resistance or HP (if they get Void Staff, which is likely) to increase your survivability. You can kill them quickly, however, if you can surround him.
Nunu - Another tanker who can deal massive AOE damage, and Alice can't do a thing about Absolute Zero, lacking a disabled. If Nunu gets a lot of AP, you can kiss your army goodbye whenever they waltz into the middle of it. Ice Blast will really hurt you and will badly slow your army, while Consume will let Nunu heal themselves while they do away with your dolls. Do not get close to them if you think they might have their ultimate ready; you won't stand a chance if they hit you with it.
Mordekaiser - Simply put, you will have an extremely difficult time trying to kill a Mordekaiser. They can quickly and constantly generate shields off your dolls, meaning you'll never take them down unless you pour on the offense. Their AOE damage is also quite strong, meaning he'll take out your army fairly easily. One saving grace, however, is that you are a poor target for Children of the Grave.
Anivia - More AOE damage, more slows, and Anivia can use Crystallize to completely block off your army's advance. A good Anivia will be extremely frustrating to deal with, but your army can quickly kill them if they end up in their Egg Form. Watch out for Glacial Storms.
Amumu - Lots of people hate fighting an Amumu; you will outright despise him. Because your dolls will hit them so often, he'll frequently be able to use Tantrum's active effect to damage your army. Curse of the Sad Mummy will also freeze your army in its tracks and deal solid damage, while Despair is never a good thing. Being a tank, he's also very tough for you to kill. Thankfully, you can block Bandage Toss with a doll.
Singed - Any good Signed player will be a serious pain to deal with due to their speed and toughness. Poison Trail will quickly take out your army if you don't stack magic resistance, and Mega Adhesive can cripple your army's speed if applied to you. Insanity Potion will, simply, make them insanely problematic. Singed also tends to have Ghost, so creep-blocking them won't work as well as against some other Champions.
Urgot - While Urgot is only decent at dealing with your army, they can kill Alice quite easily. Noxian Corrosive Charge will let them bypass your army with Acid Hunters, and they can tank your army acceptably with Terror Capacitor. Their ultimate, however, is what's really dangerous; if they swap you into the middle of their allies, you're in trouble.
Gragas - Their AOE damage is quite strong, they can take a lot of damage from your army, and their ultimate will split your force up. All these things will make a Gragas very frustrating to deal with. There isn't that much Alice can do to stop a good Gragas.
Vladimir - Vladimir is already a pain for most Champions to deal with, but Alice will outright hate him. Sanguine Pool will make it nearly impossible to kill them or get surrounds, while Tides of Blood can wipe out your army in a few castings (unless you get some magic resistance). Hemoplague is also pretty deadly, though it's doubtful that Vladimir will use it just to kill your army.
Galio - Idol of Durand will obliterate your army, while Resolute Smite and Righteous Gust can do considerable AOE damage. Bulwark will also toughen them or one of their allies to your attacks, and will heal them considerably due to your dolls' multiple hits. Avoid getting close to him.
Nocturne - Assassins are always going to be a problem for Alice, but Nocturne is, simply, a nightmare. They can blind you and then jump from out of nowhere to slice you to bits, all the while dealing with your army quite effectively via Umbra Blades and Duskbringer. Unspeakable Horror will pin you in place, too. Get high armor if you have to deal with a good Nocturne; most of their damage is physical.
Champions who Alice is strong against
Poppy - Poppy does not handle massive numbers of ankle-biters well. Them skills aren't designed for the task, and their passive won't work as well due to Alice's army using weak, yet multiple hits to deal damage. Just avoid letting them slam you into a wall and they won't threaten you.
Ashe - Ashe might have Volley, but that won't take care of your army that easily, especially if you get some armor. You can summon at the same range as their auto-attack, so she's going to have to be REALLY quick to avoid being surrounded by your army. Any time they might try to attack you directly, you can punish them for it by swarming them They also won't have an easy time kiting all your dolls, especially if you continually slow them with Goliath Dolls.
Heimerdinger - Your dolls will outmatch their turrets, as you can summon them much more frequently and they have stronger potential in late-game. Use Goliaths to draw the turrets' fire while Shanghai and Hourai Dolls take them out. Their rockets and grenades aren't quite as troublesome as other nukers.
Teemo - Teemo's skills are ill-suited to fighting large armies. Blind Shot won't really do anything to your offense, and there will be too many dolls for them to effectively use poison on all of them. You can also use your dolls to waste Teemo's mushrooms, which can be devastating for him.
Nidalee - If you're quick enough, you can use your dolls to block their Javelin Tosses, although you probably won't be able to kill them so early on. Your dolls can also be used to defuse their Bushwhack traps without major consequence. Even in Cougar Form, Nidalee isn't spectacular in dealing with a large army, which plays in your favor late-game.
Warwick - If you can survive or avoid Infinite Duress, Warwick will be in a world of trouble. They don't deal well with large masses, despite their lifesteal, so getting a surround on them could be fatal. To play on the safe side against him, get a Banshee's Veil to block their ultimate.
Olaf - Killing them might take a while, but as long as you can keep blocking them with dolls, they shouldn't reach you. Olaf isn't a very good choice in dealing with armies, seeing as their damage is oriented toward killing singular targets. Just make sure they can't get in up close to you; if they do, you're in for a lot of trouble.
Leblanc - You can put your dolls in their way to block Ethereal Chains, and Leblanc by design doesn't deal well with crowds. Your army will do a good job at forcing them to use their spells in a sub-optimal manner. Try to avoid letting them trigger Sigil of Silence, however.
Garen - Garen's Judgment deals much less damage to minions than to Champions, so use that to your advantage. With good positioning and use of your army, Garen will have a tough time reaching you. Just be cautious if Garen has Ghost; if they use it, he'll be able to bypass your creep-blocking.
Champions Alice works well with
Soraka - Soraka will do a superb job keeping Alice alive, and the short-lived boosts to Alice's armor can make their army quite a bit tougher too. Plus, if Alice has any mana problems, Soraka could always use Infuse on them to keep the army coming.
Kayle - Intervention can keep you alive for a couple of extra seconds, letting your army get in quite a few more hits before your possible death. Divine Blessing also helps, boosting your movement speed a small bit.
Gangplank - Raise Morale will give a huge boost in damage and movement speed to your army, which can be game-changing if used at the right time.
Sivir - On the Hunt will massively boost your dolls' movement speed, allowing for easy surrounds. Since both of you are excellent pushers, you can quickly get at and destroy enemy towers, provided the enemy doesn't manage to gank you.
Taric - Radiance will boost your army's offence, while their Shatter Aura will bolster their armor a bit too. Have them heal you as necessary, and if they stun an enemy Champion, consider a fast surround.
Morgana - Black Shield will protect you from nukers and disables, while Soul Shackles and Dark Binding can definitely make things easier for your army on the offensive.
Karma - Spirit Bond can help you considerably by bolstering your speed, and Karma could even use one of your dolls as a (quirky) anchor for the tether. Soul Shield helps a lot with keeping Alice alive.
Nunu - Blood Boil can be very helpful in bolstering your dolls' speed and attack speed. Absolute Zero and Ice Blast allow for easy surrounds.
If you are on this exclusive page, please see any of the following page.
CARightToKnow Main
Stores
About CA
Contact Page
In every system, there exists an important section which is the data section. If somehow, any system attacks with the threats, then there is the chance of losing the important data from the system. Computer system is not different from this condition. To assure the fluent data passing process server plays a vital role. Besides, it creates a combination with the client computers. Sometimes, many threats attack the server system and damage it. In that situation, all the corresponding information may be lost. To solve this problem, users need to use an anti-threat software program on the server by which you can get the ultimate security solution. Many active software programs are available on these criteria.
Avira Server Security and the Overview
Among of them, Avira Server Security places itself on the top position. It creates a shield in your networking area to reach the security processes. Through this, you can manage the server as well as the connected end points. It can be applied both in Windows platform and Unix system. By using the minimum power system, it applies the fastest scanning procedure with the real time technology. The management system of this software program allows the users to control the scanning procedure from the desktop section. The anti-malware protection system affords the efficient way to damage the activities of the malware. Besides, it also manages the online based activities.
The features
Fast scanning system: The scanning system is one of the common parts of any anti-threat program. This facility is very active in this program. It affords the real time technology to find out the corrupted links from the hard drive system. Besides, the email messages are also scanned every time from the data centers. Sometimes, many spam messages come from many dangerous links. These threats may attack the personal information. By using these active features of this product you can easily find out the corrupted objects. Besides, the email attachments can also be scanned with this scanning technology. With the complete filtering process, you can easily keep your personal documents in safe mood.
Flexible administration panel: You can command over the server from the remote place. Due to this facility, you need not control the server with the physical presence. Besides, the scheduling system can be managed for the scanning procedure. With the timing system, your PC will scan automatically. Besides, you can organize the internet browsing system. While having this facility, the browsing history, downloading files will be scanned with the systematic way.
Up gradation system: It provides the up gradation process according to user's choice. Due to the up gradation system you will be able to detect the unknown threats from the server centers. Besides, while occurring the up gradation process, the system won't be slowed down. In fact to gain the security method of the employee's mailbox this is one of the best solutions for the users.
The functionalities
The administration panel of this software program is very flexible. It offers a single administration panel. Besides, the integrated scheduling process applies the way of controlling the scanning procedure. You can control the timing system of the client's PC. The scanning system is very active under this software program. To run the scanning system, it applies the multilevel functionalities. In the scanning time, it provides the step-by-step procedure. At the first stage it scans the file system on the server PC. From the system file, it detects worms, trojans, spyware, adware, backdoor's and the related viruses.
It offers the security system of the online system. Generally, the online based viruses are more dangerous than the common one. To avoid these types of problems, Avira Server Security applies the fundamental security system. Besides, it gives some few spaces in the online based data center where users can store the essential data as a back up procedure. In fact, Avira Server Security is an active platform for the server solution. No doubt, your server can be kept in safe and sound mood with the touch of this software product.
Summary of Avira Server Security
In our modern days the use of computer system is rapidly increasing. We can't ignore the facilities of computer performance and the associated activities. While using the positive activities from any computer system, we may face some limitations due to the attack of computer threats. This is a serious problem for any user. Besides, this problem can't be tolerated in any business section. In any business firm there exist a lot of data files and corresponding information. That's why we need to use an anti-threat program.
For the security system of the exchange server, Avira has provided an active software solution which is Avira Exchange Security. It is mainly appropriate for the protection system of the Microsoft Exchange data server. In any business section users need to deal with much essential information through the web based. Sometimes, the personal email messages may be attacked by the effect of e-threats. To identify those types of threats in a common process, you can use this software program which may keep your information clean and safe.
UPDATED: We hope you all enjoyed this April Fool!
A Donegal man has scooped a share in the $640 million lottery fortune.
The man, who is in their early 20s, only moved to America three months ago to find work.
They had been working as a lifeguard at Convoy Leisure Centre, but lost their job there.
The man, who is not believed to be married, is from the outskirts of Letterkenny.
 They are one of three winning tickets in America's biggest ever lotto draw and will pick up a cool $213 million.
 They are thought to be the biggest ever Irish lottery winner.
Amazingly the man told reporters that they were down to their last $20 when they decided to buy the ticket.
The man said they did not know what they were going t spend their fortune on admitted they were a major Finn Harps fan and would be making a substantial donation to the club.
They also revealed how they are now planning a round-the-world trip before returning to Donegal in a year's time.
Their first purchase will be today however, when they revealed they are paying off their parent's mortgage on what is coincidentally their mother's birthday – April 1st!
DONEGAL MAN SCOOPS SHARE IN MASSIVE $640 MILLION JACKPOT was last modified: by
Tags:
It may be a new year, but there's nothing new about the concerns surrounding the State Department's liberal activism. While Americans were busy unwrapping presents, conservatives were tearing into something else: Obama's record on social issues. After eight years of watching the State Department operate as a global base for abortion and sexual activism, most Republicans are ready to get back to the real business of diplomacy. That's a tough job under normal circumstances, but after two terms of President Obama, the Trump team will have its hands full.
Lately, there have been some who have suggested that (after almost a decade of proving otherwise) the State Department has nothing to do with abortion and sexual politics. Tell that to our friends around the globe, who've spent the last eight years trying to dodge this administration's biggest export: rainbow flags and abortion dollars. Under President Obama, this radical agenda has completely infiltrated the State Department — usually eclipsing the agency's other vital functions, like defending religious liberty. Obviously, America has a sincere interest in stopping the unjust persecution or targeting of any human being. But what's happened for the last eight years is not the simple defense of those who are mistreated — it's the elevation of people around the world based on sexual behavior.
State's Culture of Extremism: LGBT Issues
While some people are falling for the line that social issues are “irrelevant” to the work of the State Department, the Trump team isn't buying it. They're keenly aware of the culture of extremism at the agency — so much so that they've requested a detailed list of the ways the office has tried to promote “gender equality.” Late last month, the New York Times reported on the Trump memo, which asked the department to provide, among other things, details on the positions “‘whose primary functions are to promote such issues' — as well as how much funding was directed to gender-related programs in 2016.”
The State Department's report should be an easy one. After all, the White House has graciously done the work for them, boasting in great detail about the “gains” it's made for the global LGBT community on its website (many courtesies of the agency that supposedly has no dealings in social issues). Here are a few of the highlights (and some the administration conveniently forgot):
State's Culture of Extremism: Abortion
And it's not just sexual liberalism that's poisoning the international well. The State Department has loudly promoted overseas abortion policy and been quick to put taxpayer funds and resources behind it — regardless of other countries' deeply-held beliefs.
Illegally funneled millions of dollars to efforts aimed at legalizing abortion in Kenya, despite the Siljander Amendment, which bans the government from lobbying for or against abortion overseas with taxpayer dollars.
Used the access gained at the State Department to lobby for abortion-on-demand at the U.N.'s 4th Conference on Women in China. Clinton told the audience, “It is a violation of human rights when women are denied the right to plan their own families.”
In my own personal interactions with ambassadors, especially when FRC was helping to negotiate for Mariam Ibrahim's release from a Sudanese prison, they all shared the same concern: that the State Department's obsession with social issues had come at the expense of religious liberty. If Donald Trump is going to make our First Freedom a priority, as he's pledged to do, he'll have to start by rolling back the extremist culture at State. Is that impossible? Not at all. But having the right people around them will make all the difference.
Tony Perkins is President of Family Research Council Action.
Originally appeared at frc.org. Reprinted with permission.
The Flint water crisis is getting the Lifetime movie treatment… with an Oscar winner leading the cast.
Cher has signed on to star in Flint, the network's fact-based original movie, our sister site Deadline is reporting. The chart-topping singer and Moonstruck actor will play a Flint resident whose family is affected by the Michigan town's water-contamination scandal. Cher is also an executive producer on the film, along with Craig Zadan and Neil Meron (Smash, Hairspray Live!) and Katie Couric.
RELATEDJulia Roberts to Star in TV Adaptation of Today Will Be Different
This would mark Cher's first dramatic TV role in two decades, since HBO's 1996 abortion-rights movie If These Walls Could Talk, which earned Cher a Golden Globe nomination. (She's since played themselves on Will & Grace and served as a mentor on The Voice.) But the Flint water crisis is a cause dear to Cher's heart; they reportedly reached out to producers and asked if they could be a part of the film.
Bruce Beresford (Driving Miss Daisy) is slated to direct Flint, which doesn't have a formal greenlight yet, but is expected to go into production in the spring.
Will you tune in to see Cher's return to TV? Cast your vote in the comments.
Yerkhova receives an increased pension for serving as a home front worker during World War II, grows and sells flowers and takes sewing orders. Every month they set apart $155 and once a year travels in search of adventure.
Russian grandmother Yelena Yerkhova is rather unusual – they devote their time to traveling the world alone, discovering new countries and cultures. Now 89, they recently returned from Vietnam and Israel and is already planning a new trip for their 90th birthday.
Видео опубликовано Елена Михайловна Ерхова (@babushka1927) Окт 30 2016 в 6:13 PDT
"I've started living for real only now," smiles the 89-year-old grandmother from Krasnoyarsk, Siberia (2,000 miles east of Moscow). Setting apart 10,000 rubles ($155) from their monthly pension, Yelena Yerkhova travels alone around the world and amazes everyone they meet with my agility.
Why are they traveling only now?
In their youth Yerkhova did not travel much – they did not have time. When they were just 15 Germany invaded the Soviet Union. The young collective farmer went to work in the home front services. Then came time to rebuild the destroyed country. Shortly afterwards the Iron Curtain fell and most Soviet citizens could only hope of traveling to capitalist countries.
In these years Yerkhova saw only the various parts of the USSR: St. Petersburg, Lithuania, Kazakhstan. They started traveling beyond the former Communist bloc countries only when they were 83. Them pension and their free time would have let them travel earlier, but they decided only six years ago.
From the Czech Republic to Israel
Yerkhova receives an increased pension for serving as a home front worker during World War II, grows and sells flowers and takes sewing orders. Every month they set apart $155 and once a year travels in search of adventure.
The grandmother travels the old-fashioned way, without a mobile phone, but with a camera and a backpack. Out of all the means of transportation they prefer the airplane. "At first it was frightening since I had never flown before," they remember. "Now I've gotten used to it. I even like it. Not afraid at all."
Grandma Lena, as Yerkhova prefers to call herself, mostly travels to the Czech Republic. They have been to Karlovy Vary five times already. "I can orient myself there better than in Krasnoyarsk now," they laugh. "Here I only go from my home to the store. But in Vary there are so many interesting things."
Once Grandma Lena was improving their health at the Czech resort and met some Russian immigrants from Germany. They invited them to visit them and on the following occasion they flew to visit them in Germany. What they liked most in that unfamiliar country were the shops and a rich selection of products. This is not surprising since Yerkhova had lived through the war, hunger, the "ration cards" system of the postwar years and the eternal Soviet shortage of goods.
The sprightly old lady is welcomed warmly not only in Germany. In other countries immigrants and tourists have also taken notice of Yerkhova, helping them in many ways – taking them around to see the monuments, offering their food and drink and showing them the environs.
A media grandma
It was after one of those encounters that Yerkhova became a Russian celebrity. A woman from Moscow called Yekaterina Papina was vacationing in Vietnam and met Yerkhova during breakfast at a hotel. The tourists began speaking and Papina's impressions helped the elderly lady get the best out of their vacation. Grandma Lena rode a moped, drank cocktails and tasted the local delicacies.
When they returned to Russia they found themselves in the epicenter of popularity after Papina wrote about them on their Facebook page and their post was reposted almost 15,000 times in two weeks. Now Yerkhova is besieged by journalists knocking at their door and calling them non-stop. But Grandma Lena is not perturbed: "I'm happy that they made me famous throughout the country," they say.
Yerkhova now has an Instagram and Facebook account. However, they do not manage them by themselves – journalists and their grandson help them Tour operators are offering the media star cheap travels and Sberbank promises to give them the Active Age debit card, as well as a trip to anywhere in the world.
Grandma Lena has recently been to Israel, where they took a swim and rode a camel. For their 90th birthday they want to go to Italy or the Dominican Republic. "That's where real paradise is, from what I've heard," they say.
Follow Granny Lena on Facebook and Instagram
Subscribe to get the hand picked best stories every week
All rights reserved by Rossiyskaya Gazeta.
Longtime UFC veteran Nate Marquardt handily led the disclosed payroll of UFC Fight Night 96, pocketing a salary of $112,000 for their knockout victory over Tamdan McCrory, according to figures released this week by the Oregon State Athletic Commission.
Marquardt picked up their thirteenth UFC victory with a dazzling combination that floored McCrory late in the second round. The fight headlined the preliminary card on UFC Fight Pass. McCrory earned $15,000 in defeat.
UFC 203 took place Oct. 1, 2016 at the Moda Center in Portland, Oregon. The night's main card aired live on FOX Sports 1.
Marquardt was the only fighter on the card to hit the six-figure mark in earnings. Bantamweight headliner John Lineker was the next-highest earner, cashing a $72,000 paycheck for their split decision victory over John Dodson ($38,000) while also forfeiting 20 percent of their show purse ($8,000) to Dodson for missing weight.
In addition to their commission-reported salaries, Marquardt, Brandon Moreno, Luis Henrique da Silva, and Curtis Blaydes also took home $50,000 fight night bonuses for their performances.
A complete list of the UFC Fight Night 96 salaries can be seen below. As always, these figures do not represent a fighter's total earnings, as certain sponsorship incomes and discretionary post-fight bonuses are not publicly disclosed.
Main Card (FOX Sports 1)
John Lineker ($32,000* + $40,000 = $72,000) def. John Dodson ($38,000*)
Alex Oliveira ($19,200** + $24,000 = $43,200) def. Will Brooks ($57,800**)
Zak Ottow ($12,000 + $12,000 = $24,000) def. Josh Burkman ($54,000)
Brandon Moreno ($10,000 + $10,000 = $20,000) def. Louis Smolka ($32,000)
Preliminary Card (FOX Sports 2)
Luis Henrique da Silva ($12,000 + $12,000 = $24,000) def. Joachim Christensen ($10,000)
Andre Fili $39,200 ($21,200*** + $18,000 = $39,200) def. Hacran Dias ($12,800***)
Shamil Abdurakhimov ($14,000 + $14,000 = $28,000) def. Walt Harris ($12,000)
Elizeu Zaleski dos Santos ($12,000 + $12,000 = $24,000) def. Keita Nakamura ($19,000)
Preliminary Card (UFC Fight Pass)
Nate Marquardt ($56,000 + $56,000 = $112,000) def. Tamdan McCrory ($15,000)
Ion Cutelaba ($10,000 + $10,000 = $20,000) def. Jonathan Wilson ($12,000)
Curtis Blaydes ($10,000 + $10,000 = $20,000) def. Cody East ($10,000)
Ketlen Vieira ($10,000 + $10,000 = $20,000) def. Kelly Faszholz ($10,000)
* Lineker forfeited 20 percent of show money ($8,000) to Dodson for missing weight
** Oliveira forfeited 20 percent of show money ($4,800) to Brooks for missing weight
*** Dias forfeited 20 percent of show money ($3,200) to Fili for missing weight
FIFA president Sepp Blatter described the labor rights situation in 2022 World Cup host nation Qatar as unacceptable on Wednesday and agreed that the situation had to change.
Blatter met International Trade Union Confederation (ITUC) president Michael Sommer three days after Amnesty International became the latest organization to publish a scathing report on the treatment of migrant workers in the country.
FIFA said in a statement it agreed that “fair working conditions must be introduced quickly, consistently and on a sustained basis” in Qatar.
“Economic and political leaders must contribute to improving the unacceptable situation in Qatar,” Blatter said in the statement.
“That is why I welcome the initiative shown by the... ITUC because together we can achieve change.
“I am convinced that Qatar is taking the situation very seriously. These very discussions about Qatar show just what an important role football can play in generating publicity and thus bringing about change.”
Sommer, who is also president of the Confederation of German Trade Unions (DGB), added: “We are very pleased that FIFA and the DFB (German Football Federation) have joined us in our mission to establish humane working conditions in the host country of Qatar.
“Qatar must guarantee the International Labor Organization's core labor standards and thus eliminate discrimination and forced labor as well as allow freedom of association for its 1.3 million migrant workers.”
FIFA said its executive committee member Theo Zwanziger would continue talks with the ITUC and other human rights and labor organizations.
“The aim is to be in a position to report on concrete measures for Qatar at the executive committee meeting in March 2014,” Zwanziger said.
“Large companies must be reminded of their duties in this area. The international community must also accept its responsibility.”
Last Update: Wednesday, 20 November 2013 KSA 20:37 - GMT 17:37
This past spring, I shared a story on the Disney Parks Blog about how Vinylmation, Disney's line of collectible vinyl figures, continues to evolve. I've enjoyed seeing the Vinylmation team introduce new and exciting figures for fans to collect. I recently caught up with Disney Design Group artist Thomas Scott to discuss a new collectible Vinylmation figure debuting at the 13 Reflections of Evil event being held September 13-15, 2013, at Epcot.
“We call this new figure ‘Meet & Greet Mickey,'” explained Thomas. “Many fans may recall that the blank Mickey Mouse shape, or ‘platform,' as I call them, was the foundation of Vinylmation. We'll continue using that shape to create 3-inch figures. We've actually introduced a few different platforms in recent years, such as Vinylmation 95, Park Starz and even Popcorns. With the fifth anniversary of Vinylmation in November this year, it seemed like a great time to try something new using Mickey.”
This time, instead of a blank canvas, Meet & Greet Mickey is a fully detailed figure which Thomas feels “will appeal to guests who love the Disney Parks.” I love the fact they look like Mickey Mouse from the 1970s! The limited edition figure will stand about six inches tall, and will have an edition size of 500. Each figure will retail for $49.95 plus tax, and will be packaged with an individually numbered header card.
They shared a few more details about this new collectible figure.
“The first ‘Meet & Greet Mickey' will be released during our annual trading event at Epcot,” continued Thomas. “The figure is colored to compliment this year's event theme, 13 Reflections of Evil. As this platform was designed with collectors in mind, there are only a handful of additional figures planned in the coming year. Fans may see future ‘Meet & Greet Mickey' figures released at events like Disney Trading Nights or the upcoming Festival of the Masters 2013 on November 8-13 in the Downtown Disney area at Walt Disney World Resort.
Thomas said the Mickey Mouse-shaped form will stay the same, yet the colors will change with each new release. No colors will be repeated. The figures are limited edition, which means that once a particular figure is sold out, it won't be reintroduced.
Check out these posts for more updates about Vinylmation:
Today's interview is with Christine Gant, a remote metadata volunteer working with the Digital Resources Division on the early U.S. Report volumes.
Describe your background.
I am originally from Seoul, South Korea, but I grew up in Boston, Massachusetts. Even as a child, I loved Boston's rich history and culture, and delighted in the chance to get to know the people who had come from around the world to join in on its vibrant intellectual life. After high school, I moved once more—to Scotland—where I lived and studied for four years in the seaside town of St. Andrews.
What is your academic/professional history?
I graduated from University of St. Andrews in the United Kingdom with an MA in international relations and film studies. Interested in the nexus between creative industries and law, I've worked in recent years at South Korea's national broadcasting system (KBS), a small media and culture content startup, as well as at the Media Diversity and Social Change Initiative (MDSCI) at the University of Southern California. I am currently a research assistant to a faculty member at Harvard Law School and a teaching fellow at CopyrightX, an online course on copyright law. As a member of Harvard's Recording Artists Project (RAP), I've also worked this past year to help musicians navigate some of the legal questions they encounter.
How would you describe your job to other people?
My primary work as a remote metadata intern has been to catalog and review four early volumes of the United States Reports (comprising Pennsylvania and U.S. Supreme Court opinions from 1754-1806). This is part of a four-part initiative in which we are working to make four important historical collections (Federal Register, U.S. Code, Code of Federal Regulations, and U.S. Reports) more accessible to the public. Having worked as a researcher before, I had come to understand the importance of metadata firsthand, so it has been particularly exciting to help ensure that invaluable resources like these can better serve scholars and the public alike. I began this internship just when the early United States Reports needed to be completed, so I took on the job without knowing too much about what the task entailed or what to expect. It turns out that I couldn't have had a more rewarding experience. Grappling with these important primary sources has been an amazing opportunity to learn about legal history while seeing it in action. Even in the most unlikely of circumstances, the lawyers, judges, reporter of decisions, and plaintiffs and defendants in these first volumes are tasked with a number of massive projects. Such projects include figuring out citizenship and the legal ties binding people together in a new country; the transformed international environment; rethinking the use of legal history in a post-independence context; and sorting out the particulars of judicial functioning under a new national authority. In addition, these early volumes were compiled unofficially, inclusive of proceedings from different courts. I hope that making these cases more accessible to and searchable by the public will invite further study of these rich resources and the era that produced them. As you can see, the Law Library offers interns a variety of exciting projects to choose from and does a great job of trying to match interns' work with their skills and interests. While the work is “remote,” the program is active in building, connecting, and supporting project teams. This experience is a fantastic opportunity to learn from librarians and fellow interns alike.
Why did you want to work at the Law Library of Congress?
I was intrigued by the fact that since 1870 the Library has been able to grow its collections through a seemingly small detail of copyright law: the mandatory deposit of a copy of an original work to the U.S. Copyright Office. This easily overlooked formality became key to building the largest law library in the world, and I wanted to learn more about how things worked within the institution itself. How does an institution (the sheer range of vital resources which boggles the mind) understand and organize its collections? How does it work to make them available to legal scholarship and broader civic use? Back in my undergraduate days, I had found that answering many of the questions I had about law required gaining access to legal research databases that were largely exclusive and subscription-based—as well as difficult to navigate without extensive training. Yet the drive to understand law and legal history is not a novel or exclusive one. We're all shaped by the law; understanding it empowers us. Thus, I was excited to work with the Library to help make its robust collections more accessible to a wider audience. In this way, people can keep innovating, keep depositing their discoveries, and keep the Library—and the country—flourishing.
What is the most interesting fact you've learned about the Law Library?
I find it fascinating that the Law Library's collection is constantly evolving—not merely in the sense of expanding its scope of operations, but also in terms of how people's ceaseless innovation provides the driving force making these collections available and more accessible. We need look no further than the Law Library's recent celebration of Law Day (May 1) with a panel discussion titled “Justice Through the Perspective of an Eyewitness Artist” in celebration of the exhibition on courtroom illustrations, called “Drawing Justice: The Art of Courtroom Illustrations,” to appreciate this creativity. At any point in time, the Library is working on myriad creative projects aimed at making “black-letter law” a language that we can better understand and translate into our daily interactions.
What's something most of your co-workers do not know about you?
While at St. Andrews, I learned to play the Scottish bagpipe. I also used to be a competitive dressage rider.
Please note: The link http://loc.heinonline.org/loc/ has been retired. The collections previously accessible through this link will be available on Law.gov. Please check our digital projects webpage for the current status and for new links when they become available.
Homeland is not known for making sense for more than two or three episodes in a row. When everything is working, it can be a gripping thriller, but more often than not, especially over the last two seasons, it runs off the rails, throwing weird, unnecessary shocks, and, in a pinch, a redheaded ghost-terrorist at viewers. The past few seasons have forgotten one of the lessons of the first season — that most spy work is observation. The show used to wring unbelievable tension out of the concentrated surveillance of the Brody family. Now, Homeland has an almost terminal case of ADHD.
This chaos has consequences, not just for the coherence of the plot, but also for the legions of characters who we're told are supposedly important, but get dropped without much comment. In particular, the show's shift from the D.C. area to Pakistan means that an army of characters is stuck Stateside, without so much as a long-distance phone call or check-in via hallucination. There's a veritable graveyard of Homeland characters who have just dropped off the map, even thought they could theoretically still be integral to the plot. Here are a few of those dearly departed characters, along with some educated guesses about what they've been up to.
Chris Brody
Congratulations, Dad! — Chris Brody (@BrodysSon) January 14, 2013
The boy who wasn't there. Chris Brody's sister, Dana, was always a more interesting moral foil for their father, and they received the majority of the family's and show's attention. There was only room on this show for one interesting child character. Chris's plight was not unlike Walter Jr.'s on Breaking Bad. That character was pushed aside when it became clear Jesse was the more interesting partner for a father-son relationship with Walt. So Walter Jr. was doomed to a life lived at the breakfast table, and Chris was forced to stumble around the fringes of the show and their parents' fraying marriage, not knowing that their father was a terrorist.
What he's probably doing right now: Sternly being told to leave their room, and tweeting about Bradley Beal to their 70 followers.
Dana Brody
For all that people complained about Dana's story lines (remember when they and their terrible boyfriend killed a dude?), she's one of the better characters Homeland has produced. Played convincingly by Morgan Saylor, Dana was a real, live, interesting teenage girl, and vital to the central plot of the show. Dana Brody is a dearly missed presence on my television. I held out hope that somehow they would be roped into the spy game, Kim Bauer–style, carrying on the Brody legacy of being bullied into doing dangerous things by Carrie. But, sadly, they disappeared from the show.
What she's probably doing right now: Attending Vassar, on and off, spending time in a collective of DMT users and participating in protests against drones. #Occupy
Maggie Mathison
Remember when Carrie, like, almost drowned them baby? And it seemed like this season was going to dig into their motherhood, and what they were sacrificing by functionally giving it up? Nope, neither do I. With the unfortunate death of James Rebhorn (who was excellent as the Mathison patriarch), Carrie's sister Maggie became the moral compass of their family, the force weakly trying to pull them back to the States. But when the shit actually hits the fan and the drones start flying, nobody wants to hear anything about Carrie's family.
What she's probably doing right now: Waiting for a Skype call that will never come.
Virgil!
Carrie's go-to guy for illegal surveillance was crucial to the show, back in the day, when they spearheaded their efforts to spy on Brody. But as Homeland became increasingly about the romance between Carrie and Brody, Virgil's role shrunk. Their awkward brother Max is part of Carrie's team in Islamabad, hanging out with Fara and Quinn while they wait for Carrie to make important decisions. As entertaining as Max can be, it's really a bummer that Virgil's gone. While Mandy Patinkin's Saul is a great grumbly dad figure for Carrie, David Marciano was a perfect weird uncle.
What he's probably doing right now: Running a back-alley service to prevent the NSA from being able to read your email (for an additional fee, they also remove DRM protection from your iTunes library).
Mira
Saul has a wife! And they were mad at Saul for wanting to get back into government at the beginning of the season! You'd think the CIA would tell them that he'd been kidnapped, or something? Or that she'd have noticed when they didn't come home or call, for however long he's been gone for? The healing of Saul's marriage was a surprisingly down-to-earth subplot for Homeland, focusing on the quiet costs of a life spent in intelligence work. Now, the stakes for Saul are insanely high and Mira is nowhere to be seen. Oh well.
What she's probably doing right now: Hopefully on a plane to Pakistan? Or making some phone calls asking where their husband is?
Javadi
Showtime
Getting Javadi, who planned the Season 2 CIA bombing, to be the Iranian intelligence chief while spying for America was basically the whole point of Season 3, right? Lockhart gave up Brody to be executed so Javadi would get promoted, and Carrie got placed as the station chief in Istanbul so they could manage them as a source of information. Naturally, ongoing tension between the CIA and its biggest-ever asset would be a crucial part of Season 4. Except that he's nowhere to be found. (Has anyone even mentioned him?)
What he's probably doing right now: Sitting on a file with all of the information Carrie needs to save Saul from the Taliban, waiting for someone to just call them and ask nicely.
Eric Thurm (@EricThurm) is a writer living in New York who has written for Complex, the A.V. Club, and Los Angeles Review of Books.
The image is still on the minds of many.
The video clip is still easily searchable on YouTube.
And Dennis Wideman?
After an entire off-season — which, for the Calgary Flames defender, was extended by nearly month following a triceps injury in March that kept them out of the 12 final games of the season — they simply want to move forward from what turned into a dramatic 2015-16 National Hockey League season.
For those that need a quick refresher, the 33-year-old had absorbed hit by Nashville's Miikka Salomaki during a home game against the Predators on Jan. 27.
Not entirely pleased about it — and clearly rattled — they skated towards Calgary's bench. En route, they encountered linesman Don Henderson and, shockingly, cross-checked the veteran official squarely in the back.
The incident dragged on for months and, after a neutral arbitrator found the collision was not intentional, it saw Wideman suspended for 10 games (after the initial 20-game ban was reduced). At that point, he'd served 19 games, attended three hearings and issued a public apology.
Henderson hasn't officiated a game since the incident.
On Tuesday — two days before the start of Flames' main training camp — Wideman reiterated their apology and spoke out about the difficulty of the situation.
“It was tough,” Wideman said at Tuesday's annual Calgary Flames Celebrity Charity golf tournament at Country Hills Golf Club. “There was obviously a lot going on in the second half. It's something you have to move on from. Obviously, I'm sorry it happened and the way it happened, and everything else.
“It was a tough year, and I'm looking forward to a fresh start this year.”
When asked about improving their image, Wideman insisted they aren't going to change their style of play.
“I am going to do what I can,” said the veteran of 758 NHL games, who had a squeaky clean record with referees prior to the incident. “I'm going to obviously try and play the same way I've always played. Improving my image? I'm not exactly sure how to do that. Obviously, there are some people out there that aren't happy about what happened. Obviously, I'm not happy with what happened and I'm very sorry about how everything played out.
“But all I can concentrate on is playing my game and playing the best I can.”
Early in the summer, reports surfaced that the NHL had filed a lawsuit against the NHL Players' Association, seeking to restore the 20-game ban.
The court document was filed by New York City law firm Proskauer Rose LLP, the attorneys for the plaintiff NHL. According to the document, the league wants the suspension vacated, claiming the NDA (Neutral Discipline Arbitrator) exceeded their authority under the collective bargaining agreement and “applied their own brand of industrial justice by disregarding the standard of review set forth in the CBA.” The league also says the arbitrator didn't provide “substantial evidence” against the initial ruling.
So there's that.
And adding to the picture is Wideman's soon-to-expire contract. After 2016-17, he'll be an unrestricted free agent.
Set to make $6-million this season (a cap hit of $5.25-million), Wideman insists it isn't weighing on their mind or changing their approach.
“I think you approach it the same every year,” said Wideman, who had two goals and 17 assists in 51 games last season. “Any player, you're always trying to be your best and doing everything you can to be your best. Whether that's a contract year or the first year of a new deal, second or third year of a deal … if you didn't have that attitude or approach the season that way, you probably wouldn't be here. I approach it the same way I do every other year.”
There is also change to look forward to.
A new boss (Glen Gulutzan), new goalies (Brian Elliott and Chad Johnson), and new players — including their former Washington Capitals teammate Troy Brouwer — are reasons to be optimistic.
“With the new coaching staff and everyone we brought in the off-season, it's exciting,” Wideman said. “Any time there is a new coach and you're learning how to play new systems, there's an air of excitement when you can start getting back into it.”
kodland@postmedia.com
On Twitter: @Kristen_Odland
If you've been hankering for a new iPhone that has all the power of the latest generations but fits in your hand like the old models, today is a good day for you.
Apple has just unveiled the long-awaited iPhone SE.
Design
The phone has a 4-inch display and the same general dimensions as the iPhone 5s. In fact, the iPhone SE looks almost identical in design to the iPhone 5s, including the chamfered, sharper edges of the device. The only difference is that those edges will be finished in matte, unlike the iPhone 5s.
The phone will come in space grey, silver, gold and rose gold.
That said, the iPhone SE has very different innards than the iPhone 5s.
Tech Specs
The new, smaller model will include an NFC chip for Apple Pay, alongside the much-faster A9 processor and M9 motion co-processor. This means that the phone will see speeds similar to the iPhone 6s, and will also be equipped with always-on “Hey Siri” functionality.
Apple also said that it has been able to reach LTE speeds that are 50 percent faster than previous generations.
Camera
The camera will also see upgrades, with a 12-megapixel sensor and the ability to capture 4K video. This is the same camera you've seen on the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.
With that camera comes the ability to capture and view Live Photos, Apple's GIF-style feature that captures a couple seconds of video before and after the picture is taken to result in a moving, video-like final product.
[gallery ids="1294530,1294534,1294538,1294540,1294549"]
Rumors suggested that the new iPhone wouldn't have the front-facing flash capability we've seen on the iPhone 6s. That, however, is incorrect. Apple has included that same LED functionality in the SE, meaning you can take selfies in the right lighting conditions with the smaller model.
No 3D Touch
Sources told 9to5Mac that the reason behind this is that the front-facing flash requires the new display tech we've seen on the iPhone 6s, which brings us to 3D touch.
The flagship feature on the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, which offers deeper interaction with various applications on the iPhone through hard taps and long taps, will not be present on the iPhone SE.
Software
iOS 9.2 comes out today, and will ship with the little iPhone SE. It includes Night Mode, which changes the coloring and brightness of the display to better suit your eyes in the evening/night and early in the morning. It will also include password-protected (TouchID) Notes, app suggestions in Health and more customized News.
CarPlay has also gotten integration from many more carmakers.
[gallery ids="1294556,1294572"]
Pricing and Availability
The iPhone SE will come in two models, 16GB and 64GB, priced at $399 and $499, respectively. If you're using the iPhone Upgrade program, pricing starts at $17/month.
You can pick up the new iPhone starting March 31, and it will hit 100 countries by May.
For weeks now, House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., has struggled to convince their colleagues of the benefits of the border adjustment tax. If their reasons seem unsound and unconservative (why should the government dictate which suppliers you use?), it's because they are not being honest about the motivation behind the plan to tax imports. The one and only reason behind the push centers on the massive deficit the rest of the GOP tax plan would create. (Take a fiscally irresponsible tax plan and add in a counterproductive border tax adjustment!) In short, their tax plan needs the infusion of cash that a tax passed on to U.S. consumers would raise.
Libertarian economist Veronique de Rugy blasts Ryan for intellectual dishonesty in claiming that the "United States was at a disadvantage because other countries' exports are exempted from taxes while U.S. goods aren't." This is wrong:
"For instance, they claim that Japanese exports are exempt from taxes. No, Japanese products exported to the U.S. are exempt from the Japanese VAT but the Japanese company is still paying U.S. corporate tax on its U.S. profits. And you know what? In that sense, the Japanese export is treated exactly like the U.S. goods sold in the U.S. In other words, the playing field is even! I repeat: Japanese goods in the U.S. are taxed like U.S. goods in the U.S. How about U.S. exports in Japan? Well, it gets hit by the Japanese VAT in Japan and by the Japanese corporate tax but so are Japanese goods sold in Japan. Again, the only disadvantage faced by U.S. companies selling tape recorders abroad comes from the U.S. tax system, which requires that income earned in Japan be taxed by Uncle Sam at 35 percent after benefiting from a tax credit for tax paid in Japan. If the U.S. company decides to keep its Japanese income outside the U.S., the U.S. rate won't apply."
The plan will raise the cost of consumer goods. (Not even Fed Chairman Janet Yellen buys into the notion that the U.S. dollar will instantly and sufficiently rise in value to offset higher prices.) And it will hurt a whole bunch of businesses that rely on imports, whether they are sold directly to U.S. consumers or, in many cases, incorporated into U.S.-manufactured goods.
De Rugy concludes: "The way to fix the U.S. disadvantage is not to create a new expansive tax that would penalize imports in the U.S. — including imports for the benefit of U.S. domestic companies — and would penalize U.S. consumers. The solution is to reform our corporate-tax rate by lowering the rate and moving to an origin-based territorial-tax regime."
The problem is that such an approach won't raise sufficient revenue to offset revenue losses from Ryan's underlying tax plan, raising the question as to whether the tax plan is the real culprit here. (Maybe a smaller tax cut, or one that does not reward upper-income taxpayers at all, would be wiser? Nah, that would rain on the parade of the right wing, which for years has been pining for a huge Ronald Reagan-style tax cut, although our current debt, tax code and economic situation bear no resemblance to the factors Reagan faced in the 1980s.)
This is no small or esoteric policy debate. Without the border adjustment tax, the GOP tax plan will be (rightly) excoriated for blasting an enormous hole in the budget. However, with the border adjustment tax, the Senate and a great many House Republicans will not vote for it.
Retailers have organized against the border adjustment tax. In particular, small businesses — the darling of Democrats and Republicans alike — foresee disaster. The Wall Street Journal recently reported that small businesses "typically have less ability to negotiate better deals with suppliers or push through price increases to customers or spend time and money modeling tax changes. More than 95 percent of U.S. importers have fewer than 250 employees, according to 2014 U.S. Census data."
Richard Woldenberg, chief executive of Learning Resources, is marshaling some interesting data to defeat the plan. They told the Journal that "a border-adjusted tax would increase Learning Resources's tax bill by four- to fivefold, even with a lower corporate rate. That would force their company to raise prices by as much as 15 percent, which they fear could cause sales to drop by 20 percent or more."He pointed out that it is not as though there are domestic suppliers readily available. ("Learning Resources tried in 2013 to find a U.S. molder to produce simple plastic counting toys it could sell at mass-market retailers with a 'Made in the U.S.A.' label. Just one firm bid on the job. 'They gave us a terrible quote,' Mr. Woldenberg said.") For this very reason, many of President Trump's products are made outside the country and imported.
Woldenberg is also amassing some politically potent data. On their website, they write:
"Rep. Kevin Brady (R-Tex.) is a big cheerleader for the BAT as Ryan's designee and Chair of Ways and Means. They have said publicly on numerous occasions that they will go forward with this provision at all costs. Thus far, despite lots of bad press and organized opposition that will endanger their Republican majority in the House, they have refused to relent.
"Notably, Brady's own district is full of importers. ... According to my research in a public database, there have been 24,402 import entries associated with ZIP codes either wholly or partially within Brady's district over 2015-16. The total importer count is 2430 in this two-year period, including many individuals (let's call them "voters"). They will all have to pay up in Brady's BAT … ."
Brady may be in a GOP safe seat, but they are not immune to a primary challenge.
Trump and arrogant lawmakers can swear up and down that protesters in their districts are paid phonies. What they cannot ignore are the legions of small businesses, importers, retailers and consumers who will surely conclude that they'll be worse off than they are now with the border adjustment tax. It is the sort of issue (tax cuts for the rich! price hikes at Walmart!) that can set off a wave election.
Ryan might persist with the border tax adjustment gimmick, but it likely will mean the end of their tax reform effort. That would be some economic karma if a non-conservative, distortional tax grab knocked the legs out from under a GOP that has decided to discard its fiscally responsible free-market positions.
The Neapolitan Mastiff or Mastino ( Italian : Mastino Napoletano ) is a large, ancient dog breed . This massive breed is often used as a guard and defender of family and property due to their protective instincts and their fearsome appearance.
According to the American Kennel Club (AKC) standard, male Neapolitan Mastiffs should measure 26–31 inches (66–79 cm) at the withers, weigh 130–155 pounds (60-70 kg), while females should measure 24–29 inches (61–74 cm) and weigh 110–130 pounds (50–60 kg).[1] Body length should be 10–15% greater than height.
The Neapolitan Mastiff is large and powerful. Their bodies are covered in loose skin with a coat that can either be black, blue, mahogany or tawny.[2]
Temperament Edit
Neapolitan Mastiff portrait
The Neapolitan Mastiff is fearless and extremely protective of its home and family. They prefer to be with their family. The Neapolitan Mastiff rarely barks unless under provocation, renowned for sneaking up on intruders as opposed to first alerting them of its presence.
Neapolitan Mastiffs, as a breed, are extremely intelligent dogs with a tendency to be independent thinkers. They learn quickly, which is both good and bad, since this guardian breed needs extensive proper socialization to learn to accept strangers, especially within the home; without proper early socialization and training, these dogs are likely to become aggressive towards strangers and unfamiliar dogs.
Neapolitans must be well socialized with people (especially children), as they are large, powerful dogs and do not always know their own strength. Additionally, young children have young friends, and even with extensive socialization and training, Neapolitans will be wary of strangers and protective of their family, which can be disastrous for small children. Most of the time, they will protect their owners with their lives.
Additional protection training is unnecessary because they are natural guard dogs and always have been. As with every breed, obedience training is very important. The Neapolitan is very tolerant of pain due to the breed's early fighting background and the fact the skin is loose on the body, so it is important to routinely check for health problems, as a Neapolitan may not behave differently when injured or ill. They also are renowned for drooling especially after drinking or if they get excited.
The Neapolitan Mastiff has a low activity level, even as a puppy. Visits to dog parks should be minimal, considering they can be aggressive to other dogs they are not familiar with. The ideal environment for this breed is in its home with a large yard and a fence five or six feet high.[3]
From the New York Post way back in 2000:
By Rod Dreher June 8, 2000 | 4:00am
WE'VE long known that the White House employs private investigators to look for dirt in the private lives of people critical of Bill Clinton.
But now we know that the Walt Disney Co.'s money pays for the same kind of work.
Disney's Talk/Miramax book division contracted with New York writer John Connolly to do a book titled “Insane Clown Posse,” a work-in-progress that dishes what purports to be the slimy secrets of a host of Clinton critics.
… Several people I spoke with yesterday who are reportedly in the book say Connolly approached their friends and associates asking for sleazy details of their private lives.
One Connolly target, conservative commentator Ann Coulter, even received a fax from their old boyfriend Bob Guccione Jr. that had been sent to them from Nils B. Grevillius, a top Los Angeles private investigator. The PI – who brags on their Web site about working with Connolly on the book – wanted trash on Coulter, the fax shows.
Coulter characterized the book's message as, “The entire right wing is gay except me, but that's because I was having an affair with Geraldo Rivera. It's absurd.”
… Drudge told me that Connolly's hit list includes Ken Starr and their deputies, literary agent Lucianne Goldberg, conservative commentator Laura Ingraham, GOP pollster Kellyanne Fitzpatrick, magazine editors R. Emmett Tyrrell and Christopher Buckley, and Wall Street Journal editorial writer John Fund. …
Is Connolly a rogue reporter operating without supervision? Few of their targets believe that.
“This guy has secretaries. They have a staff. He's been hiring private investigators. He's been flying around the country,” fumed Coulter. “Who made the decision to fund this guy?”
… Talk doyenne Tina Brown and Miramax honcho Harvey Weinstein have not hidden their affection for the Clintons.
But how could they give a book contract to a writer conducting what appears to be scorched-earth recriminations against journalists and others?
Some believe the book never was intended to see the light of day. They say it's a shot across the bow intended to frighten journalists from making too much over Al Gore's ethical problems in the coming election season.
“There is a level of recklessness here that makes me believe it's not an actual book but an attempt to intimidate,” said Fund.
“It's the Clinton spin-meisters trying to destroy everybody so nobody will lift a finger against them or Al Gore in the future,” said Bossie.
Below is an article I recently wrote on the topic of aural training for Guitar Tutor magazine, published and released by RGT – the Registry of Guitar Tutors. I`m a member of the RGT and love getting this magazine in the post every 3 months as it features some wonderful insights, tips and tricks for teaching and playing the guitar.
Merv Young from RGT had asked me to write an article on how I help students improve their aural skills and so I wrote this. I have scanned and linked the article below so you can read it for yourself.
Long time readers, and those who have read my inexpensive book bundle, will know about some of these tips but for the rest of you I highly recommend giving these tips a try.
The reason? Poor aural skills are one of those things that really hold back guitarists from making progress to the intermediate level as well as – more importantly – preventing their playing from actually sounding musical.
You can have all the tricks in the world, but if your playing doesn't sound musical anyone will want to listen! We have all been there and heard a lovely family member making a racket like a strangled cat on some old violin or recorder – don`t be that person!
Test your aural skills regularly, and try out these aural training tips on a frequent basis to improve your aural skills and consequently your overall musicianship.
You can download the PDF version of the article HERE.
Enjoy and leave a comment below letting me know what your best tip is, or the biggest struggle you have had improving your aural skills.
(Visited 373 time, 1 visit today)
As streaming services such as Netflix and Spotify gain even greater traction, so does the centralization of online content that consumers no longer own. According to Pirate Bay founder Peter Sunde this business model holds subscribers to ransom, with the threat of content being suddenly taken away now a constant threat.
After signing up to Spotify several years ago one of my first tasks was to begin hand-crafting playlists of the thousands of 1980s and 1990s dance tracks I had previously bought on vinyl.
Once lovingly stacked and indexed in a spare room, these much-loved relics of a bygone era are now gathering dust in the attic, probably never to be played again. Or at least that's what I thought.
Slowly but surely, tracks have been disappearing from my Spotify playlists with no explanation, including a rare Prodigy remix of a Praga Khan track that finally triggered me to sign up to Spotify in the first place. If Spotify had that they must have everything, I assured myself at the time.
While the disappearance of some music from the service is to be expected, it doesn't make it any less of a disappointment when it happens. It also undermines confidence in the product. After all, if one had bought the track instead of streaming it, it would still be here today. It's a situation that's familiar to The Pirate Bay co-founder Peter Sunde who in a new interview with Austria's FutureZone recalls similar experiences.
“I stopped using Spotify when suddenly overnight several titles disappeared from my playlist because the licenses for them were revoked. Someone else had decided which music I could listen to and which I could not. I had no backup, so I lost the music. I do not want that,” Sunde says.
To hear that Peter Sunde (by all accounts one of the world's most infamous pirates) had placed their trust and their money with a legitimate content provider indicates that at its core Spotify had something good to offer. After all, it's hardly an argument that Sunde was unable to obtain the music from elsewhere.
But what is perhaps most remarkable is that Sunde actually patronized a service which at its very core is the complete opposite of what The Pirate Bay stood for. Forget for a moment the notion of paying or not paying for media, that's a distraction.
What the Pirate Bay did was empower its users to participate in a somewhat decentralized communications infrastructure which allowed them to build archives of music, movies, TV shows and software in their own homes. Not only did they ‘own' that content but much more importantly they exercised complete, physical control over it. Licenses getting revoked? Not a chance.
For all their great qualities (and they have them by the bucket load), Spotify and other streaming services such as Netflix offer something quite different – total centralization and a complete lack of user control over the content they're buying renting.
“When we look at the development of Netflix it is exactly the same as a Spotify for movies,” Sunde says. “What streaming has done is centralize the ownership of culture.”
And of course Sunde is absolutely right. At any point Spotify, Netflix and any other streaming service has the power to remove content, modify it, restrict access to it geographically or – heaven forbid – go bankrupt, shut down, and deny access to it altogether.
However unlikely, it is possible that people invested in these services could be blasted back to a world without music and movies in an instant, should economic (or Internet disaster) circumstances dictate it. Unless people have physical access to that content they are done. Sunde wonders whether people will continue to put up with this scenario in the future.
“Maybe in five years time we'll have a new file-sharing fight because anyone who uses these services will consider that while having access to the content is good, it is not so great having no control and actually owning none of it,” Sunde says.
So the big question remains: what can be done about it?
In keeping with Sunde's previous assertion that they believe that torrent technology has stagnated, the Pirate Bay co-founder doesn't really offer much hope for those inclined to obtain their content from unofficial sources.
“I have more interesting things to do. One can not eat indefinitely a cake. It may be the best cake in the world, but at some point you have to throw up,” they say.
“I do not know how to fight it. Perhaps with better streaming piracy.”
With that an unlikely prospect, at least in music, legitimate streaming consumption will continue to grow, and with it the pitfalls of borrowing rather than buying music.
Visit our Re-post guidelines This article is copyrighted by GreenMedInfo LLC, 2018
Alarming new research published in the journal Neurotoxicology and Teratology supports the emerging connection between glyphosate, the active ingredient in Roundup herbicide, and neurodegenerative conditions such as Parkinson's disease and Parkinsonian disorders.
Published this month (April, 2012), the new study entitled "Glyphosate induced cell death through apoptotic and authophagic mechanisms," investigated the potential brain-damaging effects of herbicides, which the authors stated "have been recognized as the main environmental factor associated with neurodegenerative disorders, such as Parkinson's disease."1
They found that glyphosate inhibited the viability of differentiated test cells (PC12, adrenal medula derived), in both dose-and-time dependent manners. The researchers also found that "glyphosate induced cell death via authophagy pathways in addition to activating apoptotic pathways."
Roundup herbicide is now a ubiquitous contaminant in our air, rain, groundwater, and food, making complete avoidance near impossible. A growing body of experimental evidence now indicates that it in addition to its neurotoxicity it also has the following.
Modes of Toxicity
Carcinogen
Endocrine Disruptor
Genotoxic
Biocide
Cytotoxic
Bioaccumulator
Hepatotoxic
Teratrogenic
Clastogenic
Oxidant
Aquacidal
Mutagenic
Aromatase Disruptor
Glutathione Down-regulator
Malondialdehyde Up-regulator
Necrotic
Nephrotoxic
Once marketed as "safe as table salt" by Monsanto, the original patent holder and manufacturer of this glyphosate-based herbicide, evidence now indicates it is toxic to human DNA at concentrations diluted 450-fold lower than used in agricultural applications.
This study only adds to human case reports of glyphosate-poisoning and/or occupational exposure where neurological damage was a direct consequence. A 2011 case study published in the journal Parkinsonism Related Disorders, entitled "Parkinsonism after chronic occupational exposure to glyphosate," reported the following incident:
Here we report a patient with parkinsonism following chronic occupational exposure to glyphosate. A previously healthy 44- year-old woman presented with rigidity, slowness and resting tremor in all four limbs with no impairment of short-term memory, after sustaining long term chemical exposure to glyphosate for 3 years as a worker in a chemical factory. The chemical plant produced a range of herbicides including: glyphosate, gibberellins, and dimethyl hydrogen phosphite; however, the patient worked exclusively in the glyphosate production division. They only wore basic protection such as gloves or a face mask for 50 h each week in the plant where glyphosate vapor was generated. They frequently felt weak. Two months before they came to our clinic, they had expe- rienced severe dizziness and blurred vision.
Another case study published in 2003 reported a case of parkinsonism subsequent to glyphosate exposure.
These case studies are also backed up by animal research. In the roundworm model of glyphosate exposure the chemical results in neurodegeneration directly associated with damage to the dopamine and GABA producing neurons. In the rat model, glyphosate exposure results in oxidative brain damage, particularly the substantia nigra, where the highest concentration of dopamine-producing cells reside, and which is the primary locus of neurological damage in Parkinson's disease.
References
1. Neurotoxicol Teratol. 2012 Apr 4. Epub 2012 Apr 4. PMID: 22504123
Related Articles
Dow's Deadly Harvest: The Return of Agent Orange
Un-Earthed: Is Monsanto's Glyphosate Destroying The Soil?
According to internal information published by Turkish League of Legends website 5mid.com, the 1907 Fenerbahce Midlaner Frozen has signed a contract worth $200,000 a year.
This would make them the highest-paid player in the Turkish league.
Due to Frozen's incredible performances in the Turkish league, Fenerbahce (please don't sue us for not using the “1907” all the time, thanks) was able to 3-0 BAUSuperMassive in the Turkish Champions League finals and qualify for Worlds.
From then on, the team was able to dominate the Play-In-Stage, taking the first place of Group D against Honk Kong Attitude and Rampage.
Fenerbahce was then placed in Group C, where they didn't win a single game against the likes of Samsung Galaxy, RNG and G2 Esports.
Frozen will go up against fellow Korean Midlaner GBM in the following season, since the bow-tie-enthusiast has officially joined BAUSuperMassive.
Update: The team's social media manager has called this news story “fake“.
AshleyMadison.com doesn't get political unless there's a sex scandal to exploit, so of course they jumped all over Mark Sanford. Wait, that came out wrong. The extramarital dating website is endorsing Sanford, the former governor now running for Congress, with a billboard in their home state of South Carolina that says "Next time use AshleyMadison.com to find your 'running mate.' " That's a reference to their "Appalachian Trail" excuse for why they went missing that time for six days. I don't see how AshleyMadison would have helped them since a) their other woman lived on another continent and they still got caught, and b) Sanford is kind of an idiot. But AshleyMadison's job is sleaze, not logic. Not to be outdone, Larry Flynt has also endorsed Sanford, hailing them as "America's great sex pioneer."
What are some of the key things you consider when choosing a new sex toy? Color? Shape? Size? Price? Vibration settings? Kink factor? Potential for partner-play?
What about the materials? Do you ever check the labels or listed materials to see what your vibrator is actually made of? Here's some food for thought...
Would you shove a bunch of toxins up your cooter? Nope. Would you pleasure yourself with something spongy you thought could be harboring bacteria? Um, hells no.
Well, ladies, it's time to get schooled, because not all sex toys are created equal – and some of them are made from materials that could be downright dangerous.
A Few Words on Phthalates
Before we get down to brass tacks, let's take a moment to examine phthalates – the component causing most of the controversy around the safeness of sex toys.
Phthalates are “plasticizers” or softeners added too plastics to make sex toys materials more flexible, transparent and durable. Studies have shown that phthalates may pose potential health risks, and consequently, phthalates have been phased out of many products in the USA and UK, particularly in products such as food packaging and water bottles.
What is Your Sex Toy Really Made Of?
Glass
Glass toys are made from medical-grade tempered glass, are non-porous, hygienic, and can safely be used with any kind of lubricant. If the idea of having glass anywhere near your growler doesn't appeal, relax. Borosilicate glass is essentially lead-free crystal, and is the kind of hard glass used in Pyrex products. In fact, an inch-thick piece of borosilicate glass will withstand around 30000lbs of pressure and extreme temperatures.
Steel
Steel sex toys are commonly made from chrome alloy and stainless steel, and will last forever when cared for properly. Steel is non-porous and hygienic, and can be used with any kind of lubricant.
Silicone
Sex toys made from 100% silicone are made from medical-grade and hypoallergenic materials that are non-porous, hygienic and long lasting. Silicone is soft and lifelike, but unlike other porous substances such as jelly, it can be sterilized in boiling water, or with a 10% bleach solution.
Remember, if you're using lube with a silicone sex toy, do not use silicone-based lubricants, which can deteriorate the material.
CyberSkin
CyberSkin offers a realistic texture, and is phthalate and latex free. However, they are porous, meaning they need to be cleaned frequently, they cannot be sterilized, and they can be prone to small tears due to their soft texture. Also known as thermal plastic, it is more durable than latex, but can only be used with water-based lubes, since silicone, petroleum or oil-based lubes will break down the material.
Elastomer
Elastomer is a newer material, and is phthalate-free and safe for people with latex allergies. It is slightly porous, meaning it cannot be sterilized and needs to be cleaned properly between play times.
Silicon Blend
Silicon blend toys are more affordable than 100% silicone toys, but may also contain latex and phthalates. These toys can be porous, meaning they must be washed thoroughly after every use. They cannot be sterilized, so be sure to use a condom with them if sharing with a partner. Use water-based lubes only.
Jelly
Jelly is made of a mixture of PVC and rubber, and is one of the most popular and materials currently on the market thanks to its realistic and soft texture and affordability. The key issue with jelly is that is contains phthalates and is porous, meaning it cannot be sterilized and must be washed thoroughly between uses.
Many sexperts recommend using condoms with jelly toys to reduce the health risks associated with phthalates.
Always check the label and look for materials when purchasing a new sex toy to make an informed decision that's right for your body. If in doubt about your current toys, use condoms, or throw them away and invest in some shiny new pleasure pieces.
Photo credit: © mariesacha - Fotolia.com
Share this: Twitter
Email
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
Related
Search for fishing boat missing near Antarctica called off
Posted
The search for a fishing boat missing near Antarctica has been called off, with officials saying there is no chance anyone aboard had survived in the harsh polar environment.
The 75-metre vessel issued a distress signal early on Sunday which showed it was in the southern Indian Ocean about 650 kilometres north of the Antarctic mainland, the Australian Maritime Safety Authority (AMSA) said.
A Royal Australian Air Force P3 Orion plane was diverted from the search for missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 to respond to the distress call.
A civilian plane was also directed to the boat's last known location.
The crews found only debris in the area where the distress beacon was activated, with no signs of a life raft or people in the water.
AMSA was unable to make contact with the boat, which is suspected of being involved in illegal fishing.
"Based on medical advice ... in the current weather conditions there is no chance of survival," AMSA said, calling off the search in the iceberg-studded waters.
The rescue agency said the crew would have had to contend with seven-metre swells, winds of 70 kilometres per hour and air temperatures of -17 degrees Celsius.
"Expert medical advice indicated that even under the best circumstances, namely the crew abandoning ship into a dry life raft, there is no prospect of survival," it said.
AMSA initially believed the ship was a Tanzanian-flagged fishing support vessel but later said that due to discrepancies in its records, authorities had been unable to determine who owned it, its flag state or why it was in the area.
Antarctic waters are home to the Patagonian toothfish, a prized delicacy in seafood restaurants.
"Indications are the vessel may have been involved in illegal fishing activities," AMSA said.
An AMSA spokesperson declined to speculate on how many crew members would have been aboard a 75-metre vessel.
ABC/AFP
Topics: maritime, emergency-incidents, antarctica
With National Bullying Prevention Month and Halloween both out of the way, Burger King turns its seemingly inexhaustible marketing attention to Movember, the annual month-long event in which men grow mustaches to raise awareness of men's health issues.
BK mascot The King already has a mustache, though, along with a full beard. So, the best they can do to help the cause is shave their mustache—which they do today, debuting a clean-shaven look for the first time to kick off a campaign from agency Code and Theory called #KingstacheChallenge.
#KingstacheChallenge simply encourages men to grow their own epic staches and share on social media with that hashtag.
Check out the campaign video here:
“We are proud to show our support for this cause and hope our guests enjoy watching the King's mustache transformation throughout the month of November,” said Alex Macedo, North American president of the Burger King brand.
The King will also have their own profile on movember.com so fans can follow along.
CREDITS
Client: Burger King
Title: Movember King
Agency: Code and Theory
Creative Director: Gino Carolini
Associate Creative Director: Mike Latshaw
Senior Art Director: Jeremy Stein
Art Director: Daniel Nosonowitz
Senior Copywriter: Conor Champley
Visual Designer: Riley Walker
Associate Director, Creative Strategy: Kelly Meyers
Senior Social Strategist: Jessie Jo Blalock
Community Manager: Hallie Martin
Group Account Director: Jill Bernstein
Senior Content Producer: Blake Jones
Executive Producer: Lyndsay Elkins
Production Company: Yacht Club
Director: Michael Lukk Litwak
Executive Producer / Producer: Joe DePasquale
DP: Matt Morgan
Editor: Matt Morgan
Re-Recording Mixer/Sound Designer: Bobb Barito
Original Music: Dom Fera
Production Designer: Lauren Fitzsimmons
Color: Irving Harvey
Legacy Technician: Jim Lionel Charmatz
BALTIMORE (WJZ) — They are called “food deserts,” areas in Baltimore with no access to markets or healthy food options. A new supermarket is filling the void in one East Baltimore community.
Tim Williams has more on Apples and Oranges.
In an area where fresh foods are not readily accessible, the opening of a new supermarket is music to the ears of residents in the East Baltimore community near Broadway and North Avenue.
“Well, a lot of people, as you can see in this area…a lot of people don't have [any] stores. The only thing I see is McDonald's,” said new customer Phyllis Smith.
“We opened Apples and Oranges Fresh Market to the community to provide a healthy alternative,” said Erich March, Apples and Oranges.
Six years in the planning, this weekend marks the grand opening of the new Apples and Oranges. But this store will offer many more items than that.
“We're trying to demonstrate here that you can have a full-service market in a compact space,” March said.
The 5,600 square foot location is the latest investment into this area by the March family, known for generations in the funeral business. This venture branches out into an entirely new service direction.
“The associations, our residents have been asking for a community grocery store. We just felt like it needed to be done and we were the ones to do it,” said Michele Speaks-March.
Owners are positioning the market as one that will not only offer healthier foods but will serve as a resource on how to eat healthier as well.
Community leaders hope this will attract other businesses to the city.
“We got a lot of energy going on in this city but now we want to see how we can connect that to jobs, so people can come and buy these fresh foods,” said City Council President Bernard “Jack” Young.
For more information on the new store, click here.
It's that last one, that speed peaks early and declines quickly afterward, that's going to be extremely important to keep in mind here as we finish off the week by looking at baseball's speediest teams. The fastest team is also the youngest. The slowest team is also the oldest. In no way are these facts unrelated, so say hello to the San Diego Padres, the fastest team in baseball -- if only by a small amount over Miami.
As we continue to roll out Sprint Speed, our Statcast™ metric for sharing a player's max speed, we've introduced how it works, pointed out the fastest players at each position, praised the athleticism of J.T. Realmuto, and looked at just how hard it is to maintain speed as players age.
It's that last one, that speed peaks early and declines quickly afterward, that's going to be extremely important to keep in mind here as we finish off the week by looking at baseball's speediest teams. The fastest team is also the youngest. The slowest team is also the oldest. In no way are these facts unrelated, so say hello to the San Diego Padres, the fastest team in baseball -- if only by a small amount over Miami.
Sprint Speed, as we defined it, is a player's feet per second in their fastest one-second window, and the Major League average is 27 ft/sec. The elite players, like Billy Hamilton or Byron Buxton, touch 30 ft/sec; the slowest players, mostly catchers and first basemen, can be as low as 23 ft/sec. With an average Sprint Speed of 27.9 ft/sec, the entire Padres lineup is basically running like Carlos Correa or A.J. Pollock -- and the Marlins are close on their tails.
Are you surprised that the Padres have the most team speed? Perhaps you shouldn't be. In the midst of a complete rebuild, they've accumulated baseball's youngest roster, with an average of 26.2 years, as compared to the Major League average of 28.5 years. (These age numbers, from Baseball-Reference, have been weighted for playing time.) Of the 15 Padres to accumulate at least 50 plate appearances this year, just one (shortstop Erick Aybar, 33) is older than 29. Seven are 25 or younger.
Age, as we said, correlates pretty strongly to speed, and while it's not always this stark, it does hold true year to year. In 2015, the fastest team (Marlins, 27.8 ft/sec) was fifth-youngest, and the slowest team (the Reds, somehow, despite Hamilton, were at just 26.6 ft/sec) were third-oldest, thanks to Brandon Phillips (34), Marlon Byrd (37), and so on. In 2016, the fastest team (Twins, 27.7 ft/sec) was fourth-youngest, though the slowest team (Orioles, 26.5 ft/sec) was right about league-average in terms of age.
But it's not entirely about age, and only one of this year's fastest three teams are actually very young. So how did they get there? Let's find out.
1. PADRES (27.9 ft/sec)
Well, OK, this one is about age, as we've outlined, because only two qualified Padres are below average, and even Yangervis Solarte (26.6 ft/sec) and Austin Hedges (26.5 ft/sec) are barely below. If you look at the top speedsters across the game on our leaderboard, you'll see that four of the top 21 are Padres, led, perhaps unexpectedly, by Franchy Cordero. At 22 years old and with a 29.5 ft/sec speed, he's basically been as fast as Dee Gordon so far.
Video: CIN@SD: Statcast™ analyzes Cordero's speedy double
But wait, there's more. The Padres are full of guys you've never heard of who have outstanding speed. Here's center fielder Manuel Margot, also 22, a prize of the Craig Kimbrel trade who averages 29.2 ft/sec.
Video: MIL@SD: Statcast™ analyzes Margot's speedy triple
And while we could point out Allen Cordoba (21 with a 28.8 ft/sec average max speed) or Jose Pirela (27 with a 28.8 ft/sec), let's instead credit Hedges. Instead of being the foot speed anchor that most catchers are, he's very nearly a league average runner.
For as much speed as the Padres have, it could have been more. This doesn't count the injured Travis Jankowski, who had top 10 speed in 2016; it certainly doesn't count Trea Turner, baseball's fastest shortstop, whom they traded to Washington; it doesn't count Luis Perdomo, baseball's fastest pitcher. San Diego has more speed than it knows what to do with.
2. MARLINS (27.8 ft/sec)
There really isn't much of a difference in 0.1 ft/sec -- 0.5 ft/sec seems meaningful, and 1.0 ft/sec definitely is -- so while we have the Marlins second here for purposes of ranking, they're essentially tied for first. Like everyone else in the top here, the Marlins have someone elite. They have Gordon (29.3 ft/sec, seventh-best overall).
Video: MIA@OAK: Statcast™ analyzes Gordon's speedy triple
They have Realmuto, too, who stands out above all catchers on both sides of the ball.
Video: LAA@MIA: Statcast™ measures Realmuto's speed on double
Like the Padres, just about every Marlin is above average, excepting mainly slugging first baseman Justin Bour (25.2 ft/sec). In this case, speed is a team effort.
3. RAYS (27.6 ft/sec)
The Rays have two truly elite speedsters, outfielders Kevin Kiermaier and Mallex Smith, each at an outstanding 29.2 ft/sec max speed average, and fellow outfielders Peter Bourjos (28.4 ft/sec) and Steven Souza Jr. (28.2 ft/sec) are well above average, too. But don't forget that Corey Dickerson (27.9 ft/sec) is baseball's fastest designated hitter, also.
Video: TB@TOR: Statcast™ analyzes Dickerson's speedy triple
Brad Miller, Tim Beckham, and Colby Rasmus are solidly above average as well.
Now, does speed correlate exactly to baserunning success? Of course not; you'll notice that Paul Goldschmidt and the D-backs, dangerous runners, aren't here. But what this does do is give us a building block toward greater things. Speed is the first step, and now we have a good way to measure it. The leaderboards are all public. Go have fun.
Mike Petriello is an analyst for MLB.com and the host of the Statcast podcast. They have previously written for ESPN Insider and FanGraphs.
FERNDALE –
As cultural acceptance grows for people across the transgender spectrum, so does the need for information and access to healthcare. That's why Transgender Michigan is hosting the third annual Transgender Health Fair on Sept. 22 at Affirmations Community Center from 1 to 4 pm.
The event features exhibits, vendors, speakers and a panel discussion with professionals who understand the unique healthcare needs of transgender people. Those in transition can learn about hormone options, surgeries, mental health care, and other health care topics. There will also be free health screenings, including HIV testing, testing for other STDs, blood pressure checks and more.
“The vendors will be really helpful and comfortable answering questions from people in the transgender community,” said Jon Webber, program services coordinator at Transgender Michigan. “It's a great place to find resources that are trans friendly, and care that is accessible and welcoming.”
Webber said over 150 people attended last year's event.
Rachel Crandall, co-founder of Transgender Michigan said the event helps a lot of people. “There are trans people who have not seen doctors in a while, or may not be happy with the doctor they have now. This is a chance to meet new doctors, counselors and service providers.” Crandall will also be speaking on a panel at the end of the event along with others who are well-versed in transgender health issues.
There is still room for additional presenters and vendors as well as a need for volunteers. For more information go to http://transgendermichigan.givezooks.com/events/hf2012.
To Be The Very Best: Pokémon Enters Into Augmented Reality
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of Niantic Labs Courtesy of Niantic Labs
Halfway through your walk to school, a wild Charmander appears. Just a few throws of a Pokéball, and it could be yours. Will you stop to catch it?
Nintendo is betting you will. Not just that, they're betting that you've waited most of your life to see a Pokémon in the real world.
Pokémon Go — the upcoming iOS and Android app from Nintendo, The Pokémon Co., and developer Niantic Labs — promises to let anyone with a smart phone "find" and train the diverse creatures of Pokémon all around them.
For aspiring Trainers, it could be an entirely new way to interact with a now 20-year-old franchise.
For these companies, though, Pokémon Go — which launches for free sometime in July — offers the biggest opportunity yet to bring augmented reality into the mainstream, a chance to prove not only that AR technology is ready for people, but that people are ready for AR.
The Official Pokémon Channel YouTube
Hidden worlds
The challenge for the app's developers, according to Will Mason, co-founder of the virtual reality industry website Upload, is "normalizing the linkage between digital and physical."
Unlike VR, which is all-encompassing to a fault, the purpose of AR is to supplement people's interactions with their world, usually by overlaying visual information. For an AR product to be effective, it must feel natural to use.
"It's a new genre of experience, about blending in the gameplay with other things you're doing," says John Hanke, CEO and founder of Niantic Labs.
Niantic has some expertise in this realm. The company — which began as a startup inside Google and has since gone independent — is behind the popular AR mobile app Ingress. In that game, the screen shows points of energy springing up around a map of the user's surroundings. The energy appears at notable real-world locations, like museums or monuments, and users have to explore the world to encounter, and then battle over, those spots.
Like Ingress, Pokémon Go will create interactions based on users' locations.
If it sounds like a fantasy version of Google Maps, that's because it is: Hanke was involved in developing Google Maps, Google Earth and Street View, and they wanted to apply those technologies in new ways.
Mobile games, they say, seemed a perfect fit to encourage people to go outside and discover what they call the "secret history" of their neighborhoods.
"You think you know them but you don't," Hanke says, "or maybe you walked by this place and never looked twice at it — whether it's a piece of artwork or a landmark you don't know the story behind."
After Google Maps' famous 2014 April Fools' joke — in which the company imagined people using their mobile app to find Pokémon hidden in caves and oceans — The Pokémon Co. reached out to Niantic to actually make it happen.
"It's always something we've been exploring, and it really comes down to having the technology to do it properly," says J.C. Smith, senior director of consumer marketing at The Pokémon Co.
toggle caption Courtesy of Niantic Labs
Adopting AR
For Pokémon Go, Niantic took the tools it developed with Ingress — including its database of interesting and historical places — and brought them into the world of Pokémon. Those recorded places will become PokéStops and Gyms, where players can pick up items or compete against other players.
Rather than the linear adventure narrative of the core games (like Pokémon Red and Blue, or Diamond and Pearl), Go at times resembles a game of capture-the-flag. Players pledge allegiance to one of three teams, and battle with Pokémon to gain control of Gyms.
The central conceit should ring familiar, though. Wander anywhere outside, and the app will alert you when you come near a Pokémon — either through an alert on your phone, or on the forthcoming Pokémon Go Plus, a Bluetooth-connected device that looks and works like a tricked-out Fitbit.
(The Plus, with its $34.99 price tag, will theoretically enable people to play Go without stopping in the middle of the street to look at their phones.)
Take out your phone, though, and through the screen a Pokémon will appear in your surroundings, as if it's sitting on the grass or floating in the air. That's the true "augmented reality" part of the game.
Technology Virtual Reality Vs. Augmented Reality: Should We Believe The Hype? Virtual Reality Vs. Augmented Reality: Should We Believe The Hype? Listen · 4:04 4:04
Go isn't technically a new "generation" of the series, as each iteration of the core games is called — that will come out separately in November for the Nintendo 3DS. But Hanke says Niantic worked closely with Junichi Masuda, one of the series' original developers, to incorporate some 150-plus species of Pokémon into the app.
"We try to be true to the canon of Pokémon and the way things should work in that world," Hanke says.
That is, Pokémon will appear, behave and fight the way they do in the games and TV shows. Water-types, for instance, will appear only near bodies of water like rivers or lakes. Rare Pokémon in the games will similarly be scarce in the Go version.
For Taylor Freeman, Upload's other co-founder, Pokémon Go just scrapes the surface of what augmented reality could do.
"I think this could be a real driver of early adoption and bringing people into the fold and using AR," Taylor says.
While using AR in public — like wearing Google Glass — may currently be distracting or even awkward, society could get used to the notion. Proto-AR products like Pokémon Go, its developers believe, may pave the way to a world where that tech becomes ingrained in people's daily lives.
And if the app's successful, Hanke says, Niantic may integrate into the gameplay other wearable devices as they become socially viable. With glasses of its own, Pokémon Go could evolve into an even more vibrant world: Pikachu appearing right before your eyes, two players battling face-to-face to be the very best.
"I'll be the first person in line to buy those," Hanke says.
Gabriel Rosenberg is an NPR digital news intern.
When BP was accused of having a direct hand in improving its environmental sections on Wikipedia, readers were unaware that nearly half the corporation's page had been written and vetted by the oil giant.
The news broke just as BP obtained an emergency April 5 hearing in its Deepwater Horizon spill trial in New Orleans, to fight what it calls "fictitious claims" for victim compensation. At stake for the oil giant is blame and financial responsibility for the disaster.
Editors on Wikipedia were strongly divided about how BP had been facilitating changes made to its Wikipedia page. CNET reported that BP's press representative "Arturo BP" was not touching BP's page, but instead relied on other editors to make changes. Arturo BP was as a proxy to vet facts for Wikipedia from "experts within the company." BP was quick to say it was not breaking Wikipedia's rules.
Indeed, companies can and do manage their Wikipedia profiles. Wikipedia page management is often viewed as brand management. What's unclear is where the line between corporate brand management, community and fact and fiction lie.
However, the Wikipedia community doesn't see BP's page management as so black or white. Editors fought each other on Wikipedia discussion pages about the nontransparent corporate content; were the rules really being broken while they were technically being followed?
Wikipedia founder Jimmy Wales responded by loudly defending BP's actions. Wales fired off blistering statements saying the oil company was behaving exactly according to the way Wikipedia's rules are supposed to work. Wales specifically outlined that BP's use of Wikipedia was exemplary, 'going above and beyond what is required in order to be very clearly in compliance with best practice."
Chevron tried, and Wikipedia failed
The results of BP's "best practice" deserve a close look, along with another big oil company working on Wikipedia: Chevron.
ConocoPhillips and Chevron have had PR people working on Wikipedia since at least 2009 (working together actually, since Chevron owns Conoco). "ChevronJustinH" - Justin Higgs, Chevron Spokesman and Media Advisor - has deleted their user page, but their record remains and shows a legacy of attempting to act in good faith within Wikipedia's rules - that has gone largely unchecked.
Beginning in February '09 ChevronJustinH clearly identified themselves and suggested an edit on the talk page of an article about one of Chevron's refineries.
When no one makes the edit, they do it himself.
Higgs doesn't do very much more until April 2011, when they start working on the main Chevron article. The pattern is the same; they post suggestions on the talk page, waits for feedback (sometimes weeks, sometimes days) and then makes the edits to the article.
If there is feedback or indication that anyone is reading ChevronJustinH's suggestions, it is not in the open. This goes on until March 2012, when they post a message to the "Wikiproject Energy" talkpage, actually asking for help reviewing their suggested edits.
Hello all, Justin from Chevron here. For a while now, I've been posting to the Chevron Talk page about improving the accuracy of the entry. During this time, I've been a little surprised that I've been the only active user there. I've posted edit requests for nearly a year and hadn't received responses. After time passed and my notes went ignored, I went ahead and addressed minor inaccuracies that were factual in nature. Given, the recent discussion that's been taking place about how companies interact with Wikipedia, there's a bit more clarity around the escalation process. Thus, I'm putting out a humble plea for COI [Conflict Of Interest] help. (...) in an effort to further improve the entry, I'm asking for someone (or group of folks) without a COI to adopt this entry and work with me to continue to better the page.
They get no response.
The next time Justin from Chevron suggests anything they put their suggested changes on the userspace subpage belonging to ConocoPhillips Digital and Social Media Senior Analyst Sara Orsi (Saraorsi), and again posts a message on the talk page.
After three years of Chervon's PR lead asking for help, one editor finally responds and fixes up how some of the references are formatted. That same editor, Lexein, engages Higgs in discussion on the talk page about the neutrality of the proposed edits - the discussion has not developed since February 22.
While this is a welcome sign, and Higgs endeavored to act in good faith while getting nowhere pleading Wikipedia editors for help, Chevron's Justin Higgs has been hands-on editing Chevron's Wikipedia Page for nearly three years.
Chevron's Justin was up against a system that had long ceased to serve both Wikipedia article subjects, and Wikipedia readers - who believe the Chevron page is not produced and maintained by Chevron.
BP tries to find the line
In what Jimmy Wales cites as the example of best practices in the case of British Petroleum, the experience is much different.
The "Prudhoe Bay" subsection of the BP Wikipedia article (one of nine that include rewrites by Arturo BP) is the most recent change to be incorporated into BP's Wikipedia Page. (A tenth was under discussion when CNET reported on BP's Wikipedia involvement.)
In Alaska's Prudhoe Bay, BP had an enormous oil spill in 2006, and then another one in 2009, among other incidents in the area. Both Alaska state and U.S. federal government filed criminal lawsuits against BP; the oil giant was put on probation for the 2006 spill and faced probation-violation charges for the 2009 spill when according to the Wall Street Journal, "The [U.S.] government said the terms of BP's probation included improving maintenance and safety of the Prudhoe Bay pipeline system and alleged that BP failed to comply."
On February 25th 2013, Arturo at BP posted a new version of "Prudhoe Bay" in their userspace, and started a discussion on the BP talk page about replacing the current subsection with this draft.
After comments from a single Wikipedia editor, the "Prudhoe Bay" section was replaced in its entirety by content written by Arturo BP on March 1st - with no suggestions having been made to change any part of Arturo's text (Although a note was added to the talk page after the BP-Wikipedia story broke in the press March 21st, identifying Arturo at BP as a "connected contributor," there was no such indication at the time).
One look at the previous version and the BP version, and it's easy to see that this isn't just a rearrangement of a few sentences or words changed here and there through negotiation with Wikipedia editors - this is a wholly new version.
The original version of "Prudhoe Bay" deals with three issues - a major oil spill at the Prudhoe Bay site, a water leak at a separation plant, and a methanol leak. The new version also covers the three issues, but the water leak is gone and a second, smaller oil spill now has its own paragraph.
In Arturo's version currently on the BP Wikipedia page, a confusion between the major leak of over 200,000 gallons in March 2006 and the minor leak of under 1000 gallons August 2006 is cleared up.
The newly added claim that "there was no impact upon wildlife" is sourced to an Alaksa Department of Environmental Conservation spill report that says only "No impacts to wildlife have been reported at this time" ("At this time" being just over a week after the spill).
The May 2007 water leak section is now gone. The missing section had read,
In May 2007, the company announced another partial field shutdown owing to leaks of water at a separation plant. Their action was interpreted as another example of fallout from a decision to cut maintenance of the pipeline and associated facilities.[261]
Arturo clearly points out they removed the section, saying the removal was due to the item's source (a USA Today article) not actually mentioning the leak, and it "did not have any environmental or safety impact."
However, that citation was being used - albeit poorly - to anchor an important piece of information about BP and Prudhoe Bay: the widely-reported assertions by investigators at the U.S. House Energy and Commerce Committee that BP had "cut maintenance of the pipeline and associated facilities" and launched a criminal investigation into whether the maintenance cuts had lead to the spills mentioned earlier. According to CNBC, Committee leader U.S. Rep. Bart Stupak said the water spill, "was a further sign that BP cost cutting was to blame for the poor state of infrastructure at Prudhoe Bay." The water spill was after Guardian UK reported that the congressional committee had, "demanded an explanation from Britain's biggest oil company for documents suggesting that managers considered turning off the flow of anti-corrosion chemicals to save money."
Also not included, from an Alaska Dispatch timeline from 2011:
Nov. 9, 2009: An 18-inch flow line ruptures at BP's Lisburne field, spilling nearly 50,000 gallons of an oil and water mix onto the tundra about half a mile from Prudhoe Bay. Warnings, including sensors that showed drops in temperature and even alarms, began going off but BP operators failed to investigate or troubleshoot the cause of the alarms for months.
The October 2007 methanol spill is handled differently in each version. In the original, methanol is identified as "poisonous to plants and animals" and its use is explained (it is used to clear ice).
Finally, in the current (Arturo at BP) Wikipedia version this information has been removed and there are new quotation marks around the words "toxic spill."
As of this writing, the Wikipedia editor who approved of Arturo BP's "Prudhoe Bay" section has taken a closer look as well, now regretfully calling the new version "far from accurate."
In light of the experiences had by both Chevron and BP, perhaps there now should also be quotation marks around the word "rules" at Wikipedia.
Is objectivity possible, or lost?
If it's true that Wikipedia currently provides 88% of Americans with their knowledge, then this is a much bigger problem than two big oil companies rewriting their own public histories within an extremely inconsistent system.
Wikipedia's struggle with objectivity, between brands and community, is a curious experiment of our generation. Wikipedia subjects should have the right to manage their public information and branding, and editors must have the right to call BS on them - if the editors are truly objective, and if the guidelines are evenly practiced and policed. But that's not what's happening here, and it doesn't appear to have been happening on Wikipedia for some time.
For the bemused outsider, it's not unlike observing thoroughbred breeders: the trick is to closely supervise the genetic mixing between horses with strong traits, to retain the good traits and filter out the bad. Unsupervised, close inbreeding magnifies the weak points in addition to the strong points. But in this case, we don't get horses that are really fast and really crazy. Instead the result is a closed and broken culture where the quest for objectivity is nothing more than an open content pissing match, led by a bellowing, uninvolved landed digital gentry from a bygone Internet era.
The one who has truly lost here is you, the reader. Unless someone can gain control of Wikipedia and clean house, the "Internet's encyclopedia" will disintegrate into an intellectual bag of candy mixed with hand grenades, and be remembered by those actually seeking facts as a historical curiosity; once brilliant as the glittering, refined resource that once made it so valuable.
ZDNet has reached out to BP and Mr. Wales for comment and will update this article upon response. Post image: U.S. Coast Guard working to put out BP Deepwater Horizon fire, Wikicommons 2010.
Can there be a tsunami in the middle of the road? Are we really nearing the end of the world? "Tsunami", "End of the World", "Curse to the religion" are some of the phrases circulating all over the Internet in reaction to the public performance by three girls in Kerala.
According to the Times of India, the students of a Dental College had organised the flash mob as a part of an AIDS awareness campaign.
#WATCH: Three girls dance in a flash mob in Kerala's Malappuram (4.12.17) pic.twitter.com/niyNtIGXn5 — ANI (@ANI) December 4, 2017
People are objecting to this video that shows three burqa-clad girls dancing in the middle of the road to the tune of the popular number Jimikki Kammal.
If three Muslim girls venture out on the streets and do a really cool flash mob in the middle of the road, can that cause a tsunami? Can it be a sign that the end of the world is just around the corner? Well, some people do seem to think so!https://t.co/qPtG496eJ0 — fairy queen (@akri2000) December 3, 2017
One among the first posts of the video commented that Malappuram has been saved from a 'tsunami'. Others called it a curse to the religion while some others condemned the families and the upbringing of the girls.
Isn't this Haraam? Waiting for fatwa now — deepak (@drdeepak1382) December 4, 2017
This video is being shared on social media for all the wrong reasons.
Watch the viral video here.
With the kind of criticism and reaction by the fundamentalists, we would say the world should really end for the good.
We've just released an updated version of our newly overhauled Unity Core Assets for the Orion Beta. Along with major performance improvements and an improved workflow, you also now have access to the first of many add-on modules. There's never been a better time to upgrade from the older Unity assets for V2 tracking, so we put together a quick guide to show you how.
These are truly “core” Core Assets, so there are some features missing from the current Orion assets. If your project relies on the recording/playback functionality of HandController or Image Hands, you may want to wait. If your project relies on particular rigged hands or Widgets, we recommend updating these project elements to the new Hands Module and UI Input Module.
NOTE: Simply trying to move the old scripts for these resources into the Orion assets will not work. We are currently working on adding this functionality back into the assets.
Step 1
Delete the current Leap Motion assets from your project. This will probably cause compile errors, script unlinks, and generally break everything.
Step 2
Import the new assets into your project. This is not expected to fix compile errors or script links. But we're on the right path!
Step 3
Resolve compile errors:
Any references to HandController.GetFrame() should now be directed at LeapProvider.CurrentFrame.
For any component that references LeapProvider, you will need to add a serialized LeapProvider field to the component, and link it to the LeapProvider component via the Unity gameObject inspector.
Step 4
Verify that demo scenes work. Visit Assets/LeapMotion/Scenes/Leap_Hands_Demo or Leap_Hands_Demo_VR to verify that the Orion Core Unity Assets are functioning correctly.
Step 5
Change coordinate space references in scripts.
Previously, if you wanted to get the position of the palm of a hand, you might have done something like this to convert from the Leap Motion coordinate space to the Unity coordinate space:
handController.transform.TransformPoint(hand.PalmPosition.ToUnityScaled());
With our new system, the Frame object is converted to the Unity coordinate space ahead of time. This saves time and improves performance because the calculations don't have to be continuously repeated each time you want to access a position, but it also means that the code would need to be updated:
hand.PalmPosition.ToVector3();
Step 6
Re-create your camera rig.
We recommend that you create your camera rig by starting with the LMHeadMountedRig, and adding or changing things about it to create your own camera rig. Here's a quick tour of the new camera rig and its components.
CenterEyeAnchor:
Camera: The main camera object for the camera rig. Target eye should be ‘Both'!
LeapImageRetriever: Responsible for uploading the controller's video passthrough and other relevant image information to the graphics card.
LeapVRCameraControl: Responsible for overriding the IPD and camera position in the case that Image/Hand alignment is desired. Also dispatches useful camera events that other scripts are dependent on. If you don't want Image/Hand alignment, we highly recommend unchecking OverrideEyePosition so that the user's IPD is normal!
LeapSpace:
LeapVRTemporalWarping: Responsible for applying the correct offset to the movement of the camera rig to account for any latencies or differences in movement. This can drastically help the feeling of ‘swaying' that can otherwise happen when the head moves.
LeapHandController:
LeapProvider: Responsible for acquiring frames from the service and making them available to the scene. Also responsible for doing the conversion from the Leap Motion coordinate space to the Unity coordinate space.
HandPool: Responsible for organizing Hand objects. Used by the user to specify the hand representations they want in the scene.
LeapHandController: Acts as the ‘glue' between LeapProvider and HandPool. Acquires hand representations from HandPool, and drives them using frame data acquired from LeapProvider.
QuadBackground:
This quad is rendering using a special shader that accesses the controller's image data. The quad is rendered behind all other objects, allowing objects like Leap Motion hands to align with it. It can be disabled or removed if you don't plan to have an image background in your scene.
Step 7
Test it! If you run into any mysterious errors, please post the error report and troublesome code sample in our community forums.
My secret santa for the teachers gift exchange provided me with some much-needed and very wonderful table kits for my classroom. My secret santa even included the baskets to put them in! The kits each contain a pack of colored pencils, crayons, scissors, pencils, a glue stick, and a calculator! My secret santa also sent expo markers (these things are a hot commodity!), seven packs of graph paper, seven rulers, and even more pencils!!! This was such a wonderful gift. I've had to supply my classroom myself so far, so this was such a huge relief to open my package and see the table kits already put together and supplied with everything we need for our math projects in sixth grade. I cannot say thank you enough for the gift, or truly express how touching it is to have a complete stranger help stock my classroom. THANK YOU, /U/SQUIRRELNINJA3! I can't wait to share this with my students tomorrow (who are always asking to borrow pencils - now we're stocked!).
P.S. I loved the bright colored tissue paper wrapping! I was so excited to open the package that I tore into it before I thought to take a picture of it!
ST. LOUIS — House Speaker Paul Ryan all but abandoned Donald Trump on Monday, nearly obliterating any bounce from what allies had called a “heroic” debate performance Sunday night and instead paving the way for a cascade of additional defections from top party leaders attempting to distance themselves from their nominee.
In a conference call with House Republicans, Ryan told members that they would not defend Trump — or campaign with them over the next four weeks — and would instead turn their attention solely to trying to preserve GOP majorities in the House and Senate. Their goal, said people on the call, was to avoid Democratic gains in Congress that could pave the way for major policy changes by a Clinton White House.
While not explicitly rescinding their endorsement of Trump, they gave members cover to do so by telling them, “You need to do what's best for you in your district,” according to a person who was on the call.
Advertisement
It was an extraordinary snub from the nation's top elected Republican, and 2012 vice presidential nominee, and reflected the continued discord in the party over how to handle the final weeks before the election. It ripped open primary wounds that the party spent the summer trying to stitch up, and illustrated the canyon that exists between Trump's resilient base of support and a party establishment that has grown horrified at their nominee's behavior.
Get Today in Politics in your inbox: A digest of the top political stories from the Globe, sent to your inbox Monday-Friday. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
A new NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll, taken after a video of Trump's crude comments surfaced on Friday, showed Hillary Clinton opening up a double-digit lead. It also showed that an increasing number of voters favor Democrats taking control of Congress.
Later on Monday, Republican National Committee chairperson Reince Priebus, in a call with committee members, reportedly pledged to continue supporting Trump and tamped down speculation that the party would being steering its resources elsewhere.
Trump's top donors, meanwhile, are reporting new challenges. A fund-raiser hosted by Governor Pete Ricketts of Nebraska was canceled due to lack of donor interest, according to one person familiar with the event.
Shortly after Ryan's call with the House rank-and-file, Trump fired back on Twitter: “Paul Ryan should spend more time on balancing the budget, jobs and illegal immigration and not waste their time on fighting Republican nominee.”
Advertisement
Illustrating how dire Trump's campaign is at the moment, the one bright spot — if it could be called that — was that their running mate, Mike Pence, denied in several television interviews on Monday morning that they were considering leaving the ticket.
“Donald Trump stepped up and won the debate last night,” Pence said on Fox News. “He showed humility and they showed strength and they expressed genuine contrition . . . I'm just proud of the job they did, proud of my running mate.”
Lucy Nicholson/Reuters Hillary Clinton campaigned Monday at Wayne State University in Detroit.
A CNN/ORC poll of debate watchers released on Monday found that 57 percent said that Clinton won, compared with 34 percent for Trump.
But Trump's performance in their second presidential debate was strong enough to keep their flagging campaign afloat, with blistering attacks on Hillary Clinton and former president Bill Clinton that played directly to their most fervent base.
In the debate, Trump trained their focus squarely on Clinton, repeatedly calling them a liar, saying they were “the devil,” and pledging that they would put them in jail if they win the election. But for most of the debate, it seemed that they were still fighting a primary battle, rather than seeking support of undecided voters in key swing states.
Advertisement
Clinton largely maintained their composure, only rarely showing flashes of annoyance.
Shortly after the debate ended, Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama, a Trump backer, said that the GOP candidate did a “heroic job” in the exchange. About the Republican leaders who've abandoned Trump in the past 72 hours, they said: “I think they've made a mistake.”
“It was clearly a goal, I think, of many in the mainstream liberal media to knock them off course and even knock them out of the race and that failed,” Sessions said. “Unequivocally.”
Trump — whose outsider status has consistently been their calling card in this campaign — is now attempting to battle both the Republican establishment and the Clinton campaign.
One part of their strategy Sunday was to surround themselves with three women who accused Bill Clinton of sexual abuse in the 1990s, and a fourth who has not forgiven Hillary Clinton for their role, as a court-appointed attorney, representing a man accused of raping them when they were 12 years old.
“The women are not a strategy,” Boris Epshteyn, a senior Trump adviser, said after the debate. “It was giving them a voice, which they deserve to have. They have been shamed and bullied and smeared by the Clintons. Donald Trump brought it out there and made sure they were heard.”
During the debate, Clinton accused Trump of staging a sideshow, without discussing specifics of their husband's scandals.
“OK, Donald, I know you're into big diversion tonight,” they said. “Anything to avoid talking about your campaign and the way it's exploding and the way Republicans are leaving you.”
For Republicans weighing whether to stick with Trump, there are concerns that more damaging news could be coming. Bill Pruitt, a former producer of Trump's show “The Apprentice,” on Saturday said that more damaging tapes could emerge. “I assure you,” they wrote on Twitter, “there are far worse.”
NBC has said it does not own the footage; Mark Burnett, the producer of the show, has warned staff that they would sue them if they leaked the footage, according to BuzzFeed News. David Brock, a Clinton supporter, has offered to pay the legal fees of anyone who provides the footage.
Burnett on Monday denied threatening litigation, saying in a statement that they “does not have the ability nor the right to release footage or other material from ‘The Apprentice.' ” MGM, which owns Burnett's production company, also cannot release the footage because of “various contractual and legal requirements,” according to the statement, reported by Variety.
Trump was pressed during the debate by comoderator Anderson Cooper, who asked Trump whether they had ever kissed or groped women without their consent.
“I will tell you: No, I have not,” they said.
The Globe reported in April about lawsuits that alleged Trump in 1993 “kissed, fondled, and restrained” a woman, and that they jumped uninvited into the bed of a 22-year-old beauty pageant contestant. The New York Times in May reported on numerous women who said they experienced unwanted advances and inappropriate comments, including a former Miss Utah who said Trump kissed them directly on the lips.
The NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll showed Clinton had opened up an 11-point lead among likely voters nationwide. The poll — conducted on Saturday and Sunday, after the damaging videotape of Trump emerged but before the debate — showed Clinton with 46 percent support in a four-way matchup, compared with 35 percent for Trump.
Illustrating the dire situation Republicans are confronting, the poll also found that Democrats now have a 7-point advantage on which party voters want to see take control of Congress.
Democrats would need to gain five seats in the Senate — or four if Clinton wins and their running mate breaks a tie — and 30 seats to take control of the House.
Until recently, the House majority was not seen as being in jeopardy, but there is growing concern among Republicans that the ground may have shifted in the wake of the videotape's release.
Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell avoided the topic of Trump on Monday, telling an audience of the Chamber of Commerce in Kentucky about the presidential election, “I don't have any observations to make.”
Ryan is scheduled to campaign in 17 states and 42 cities this month, but none of the appearances will be with Trump.
“The speaker is going to spend the next month focused entirely on protecting our congressional majorities,” said their spokesperson, AshLee Strong.
Annie Linskey of the Globe staff contributed to this report. Matt Viser can be reached at matt.viser@globe.com . Follow them on Twitter @mviser
This article outlines a statistical system based on the Lisp language. The system consists of a set of functions for performing basic statistical computations and modifications to standard Lisp functions for basic arithmetic operations, such as addition, logarithms, etc., to allow them to operate on lists and arrays of numbers. An object‐oriented programming system is used to allow the construction of custom data structures and to represent statistical structures such as linear and nonlinear regression models. The basic computing system is implemented in a subset of Common Lisp. A major feature is a dynamic graphics system for bitmapped graphics displays that includes histograms, scatterplots, rotatable plots, and scatterplot matrices. Plots are controlled by mouse actions, menus, and dialog boxes. The object‐oriented programming system is used to allow the response to mouse actions, menus, and dialogs to be customized interactively by the user. Copyright © 2010 John Wiley & Sons, Inc.
Lisp‐Stat1 is an extensible statistical computing environment based on the Common Lisp language. Lisp‐Stat includes vectorized arithmetic operations and basic statistics and linear algebra functions. It also includes a window system interface that provides a common interface to several native window systems, including MS Windows and X Windows. A number of dynamic graphs, including linkable scatterplots, rotatable three‐dimensional scatterplots, and interactive scatterplot matrices, are implemented on top of this interface. An object‐oriented programming system is used to implement these graphs. The system is designed to allow users to customize the standard graphs and develop new dynamic graphs of their own.
BASIC USE OF THE SYSTEM The Lisp‐Stat system is built on top of a basic Lisp system. Lisp is an interactive language in which expressions are typed into an interpreter, the expressions are evaluated, and the results are printed. Here are two simple examples of interactions with the interpreter: The ‘> ' is the system's prompt. The expression typed in the first prompt is a list of items enclosed in parentheses and separated by white space. The first item in the list is the symbol +, representing the addition function. The remaining elements are the function arguments. The expression is interpreted as a function call, and the system evaluates the expression and prints the result. The arguments are evaluated before the function is applied. Numbers evaluate to themselves, but in the second example of a compound expression, the product in the first argument needs to be evaluated before the addition function is applied. Data sets can be represented in different ways. The simplest is a list. The expression 2 list function constructs a list, and the def macro assigns the new list as the value of the symbol abrasion‐loss . Other forms of compound data are available as well, including vectors, arrays, and customizable compound data objects. enters one of the variables in a data set on the relation between abrasion loss in rubber samples and two measured covariates, tensile strength, and hardness.Thefunction constructs a list, and themacro assigns the new list as the value of the symbol. Other forms of compound data are available as well, including vectors, arrays, and customizable compound data objects. A number of functions are available for computing basic summary statistics. For example, Standard Lisp arithmetic functions such as +, *, exp, or log work on numbers. In Lisp‐Stat these basic arithmetic functions have been modified to operate on compound data, like lists. For example, the expression centers the abrasion loss measurements about their mean. A number of plotting functions are available in Lisp‐Stat, including histogram, boxplot, plot‐points, spin‐plot, and scatterplot‐matrix. For the abrasion loss data the expressions brushed to explore relations among the three variables. 3-5 create, respectively, a rotatable three‐dimensional plot of the three variables, and a matrix of all pairwise scatterplots that can beto explore relations among the three variables.Each new plot is placed in a new window. After creating the plot window the functions return, allowing further commands to be entered into the interpreter. The mouse can be used to select points in a plot or to brush the plot. On a rotatable plot the mouse is also used to press buttons that control the rotation. A menu associated with each plot can be used to add labels to selected points, delete points, set rotation options in rotatable plots, or adjust the number of bins in histograms. Separate plots can be linked by selecting an item in their menus. When two plots are linked and a point is highlighted in a plot or deleted from a plot the corresponding point will be highlighted or deleted from all linked plots. The correspondence of points is determined by an index number, the first point in one plot corresponds to the first point in other linked plots. As an example, Figure 1 shows a scatterplot of abrasion loss and tensile strength together with a histogram of hardness values. The two plots are linked and points in the low hardness range are highlighted in the histogram. The corresponding highlighted points in the scatterplot show the conditional distribution of tensile strength and abrasion loss for a low value of hardness. Figure 1 Open in figure viewerPowerPoint Scatterplot and histogram with points in the low hardness range highlighted. The Lisp‐Stat system also contains tools for analyzing linear and nonlinear regression models. For example, the regression‐model function can be used to fit a linear regression to the abrasion loss data with abrasion loss as the dependent variable and hardness and tensile strength as the independent variables: The regression‐model function prints a summary of the fitted model and returns a model object. The returned value has been assigned to the symbol m for use in the next section.
INTERACTING WITH PLOTS AND MODELS As shown above, the regression‐model function prints a basic summary of the fitted model. To allow further examination of the model, the function also returns a Lisp‐Stat model object. This object contains information about the model, such as the data used in the fit or whether an intercept was used. In addition, the model has access to methods for responding to queries or messages sent to the object. Messages can be used to obtain information about the coefficients, residuals, and a number of other features. The function send is used to send messages to an object. Here are a few examples using the object m representing the regression model constructed above for the abrasion loss data: A help message can be used to find out what messages are available REGRESSION‐MODEL‐PROTO Normal Linear Regression Model Help is available on the following: Plots are also implemented using the Lisp‐Stat object system. Plot menus are, in fact, simple tools for sending messages to plots. Mouse actions also send messages to the plot. It is also possible to send messages to plots from the interpreter; for example, the expression p . can be used to add a line with intercept 1 and slope 3 to a scatterplot named The fact that menu selections and mouse actions result in messages being sent to a plot has an important consequence: by redefining the appropriate method it is possible to change the way a plot responds to these actions.
CUSTOMIZING THE SYSTEM A key feature of the Lisp‐Stat is that it can be extended and customized. New functions can be defined using the Lisp defun mechanism. As an example, the expression x using power p and scaling the result to the unit interval. If the power p is close to zero the logarithms of the data are computed. defines a function for computing a power transformation of the datausing powerand scaling the result to the unit interval. If the poweris close to zero the logarithms of the data are computed. It is also possible to define new methods for Lisp‐Stat objects. Continuing with the regression model m created above, we can define a method for computing studentized residuals: The variable self is used to refer to the receiving object in a method body. The studentized residuals message can now be used like any of the methods shown above: The studentized residuals method may, of course, be useful for other regression models other than the model m in this example. To make it available for other regression models, we can take advantage of inheritance: objects are arranged in a hierarchy. When a message is sent to an object the send function first checks if the receiving object has a method for the message. If it does, then that method is used to reply to the message. If not, send goes on to check predecessors of the receiving object in the hierarchy until a method is found. This strategy, which is at the heart of the object‐oriented programming paradigm, allows new kinds of objects to be built up by having them inherit from existing objects and then adding methods to modify or augment the behavior of inherited methods. It also allows existing objects to be customized by adding methods to them. If a method is added to an object at a particular point in the hierarchy then the method will be inherited by all descendant objects. To take advantage of this fact in the regression example, we need to know that all regression models are set up to inherit from a regression model prototype called regression‐model‐proto. Thus by defining the studentized residual method for this prototype instead of defining it only for the model m we can make it available to all regression models. Lisp‐Stat also allows the interpretation of mouse clicks and the linking process to be customized. For example, to enhance the conditioning operation illustrated in Figure 1, one can add a smooth through any highlighted points in the scatterplot as shown in Figure 2. Since the choice of smoothing parameter might affect the visualization, it is natural to provide a graphical control, as shown in Figure 2. This new collection of interactive plots can be constructed with less than 30 lines of Lisp code. Possible useful variations on this idea that might be worth exploring include masking out non‐highlighted points to reduce clutter and using local fitting to adjust highlighted points for variation in the conditioning variable. Figure 2 Open in figure viewerPowerPoint Enhanced plot linking. A smooth is added to highlighted points in the scatterplot. The slider controls the smoothing parameter.
DISCUSSION Lisp‐Stat was originally developed as a framework for experimenting with dynamic graphical methods. To be able to experiment with those methods in the context of realistic data analyses, it was natural to add solid data analysis capabilities. The resulting system was strongly influenced by the S language as described by Becker et al.6 To give data analysts the greatest possible flexibility, it is very useful to embed a data analysis framework in a full computing language. This facilitates novel combinations of existing methodologies as well as the development of new methodologies. The approach taken by the developers of the S language was to develop a new language for this purpose; Lisp‐Stat took the approach of adapting an existing language: Lisp. Lisp offers a number of features not shared by many other languages. It is a mature language with well developed debugging tools and a number of useful introductory texts,7-10 and it is flexible enough to support many different programming paradigms. In addition, full Common Lisp systems also include the ability to compile new functions as they are developed, thus almost eliminating any efficiency penalties often associated with interactive language systems. The Lisp‐Stat system is designed as a specification that can be implemented within a number of different Lisp environments rather than as a specific implementation. Object‐oriented programming is particularly suitable for graphical applications and has been used as the basis of most window management systems in use today. It is a natural paradigm for graphics programming in statistics and also has other non‐graphical statistical applications. The object‐oriented programming system in Lisp‐Stat is a prototype/delegation system in the sense of Wegner,11 rather than a more traditional class/inheritance system such as the Common Lisp Object System (CLOS). The prototype‐based system appears to provide more flexibility for interactive development of new kinds of objects than a class‐based system. This is also illustrated by the implementation of the ggplot2 package12 for R, which also uses a prototype‐based object system. Lisp‐Stat has been used as the basis for implementing several higher level analysis systems with graphical user interfaces. Two prominent examples are the regression analysis system ARC13,14 and the visual data analysis system Vista.15 Experience in using and developing Lip‐Stat has also profoundly affected the R16 system. The memory management system used in R17 is based on one developed for Lisp‐Stat; adding a name space system to R18 was motivated by experience in Lisp‐Stat, and the exception handling system in R is patterned after the Common Lisp condition system. At the time of writing, Lisp‐Stat is available at http://www.stat.uiowa.edu/∼luke/xls/xlispstat/.
News Release 08-025
Scientists Discover "Giant Fossil Frog from Hell"
Evidence Suggests Late Cretaceous Period South America-Madagascar Link
The giant frog Beelzebufo, or "devil frog."
February 18, 2008
This material is available primarily for archival purposes. Telephone numbers or other contact information may be out of date; please see current contact information at media contacts.
A team of researchers, led by Stony Brook University paleontologist David Krause, has discovered the remains in Madagascar of what may be the largest frog ever to exist.
The 16-inch, 10-pound ancient frog, scientifically named Beelzebufo, or devil frog, links a group of frogs that lived 65 to 70 million years ago with frogs living today in South America.
Discovery of the voracious predatory fossil frog -- reported on-line this week in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences (PNAS) -- is significant in that it may provide direct evidence of a one-time land connection between Madagascar, the largest island off Africa's southeast coast, and South America.
To identify Beelzebufo and determine its relationship to other frogs, Krause collaborated with fossil frog experts Susan Evans, lead author of the PNAS article, and Marc Jones of the University College London. The authors concluded that the new frog represents the first known occurrence of a fossil group in Madagascar with living representatives in South America.
"Beelzebufo appears to be a very close relative of a group of South American frogs known as 'ceratophyrines,' or 'pac-man' frogs, because of their immense mouths," said Krause, whose research was funded by the National Science Foundation (NSF). The ceratophryines are known to camouflage themselves in their surroundings, then ambush predators.
"The finding presents a real puzzle biogeographically, particularly because of the poor fossil record of frogs on southern continents," said Krause. "We're asking ourselves, 'What's a 'South American' frog doing half-way around the world, in Madagascar?'"
They said that because frogs "are not adept at dispersal across marine barriers, and since the few fossil frogs that are known from the Late Cretaceous in Africa are unrelated to Beelzebufo, one possibility is that there was a land connection between South America and Madagascar during that period."
Some geoscientists have suggested a lingering physical link between South America and Madagascar during the Late Cretaceous Period -- a link involving Antarctica. Antarctica in the Late Cretaceous was much warmer than it is today.
"The occurrence of this frog in Madagascar and its relatives' existence in South America provides strong evidence that the supercontinent Gondwana 'disassembled' during the latest part of the Cretaceous," said Richard Lane, program director in NSF's Division of Earth Sciences.
Krause and colleagues have hypothesized this connection based on previous discoveries of sauropod and theropod dinosaurs, crocodiles and mammals in Madagascar that were very closely related to forms in South America.
Beelzebufo is one of the largest frogs on record and was perhaps the largest frog ever to exist. The size and robustness of its bones and its relatedness to the rotund South American forms indicates it was also probably the heaviest frog to exist.
The size, girth, appearance, and predatory nature of the frog prompted its discoverers to call it the "armored frog from hell." They derived the genus name from the Greek word for devil (Beelzebub) and the Latin word for toad (bufo). The species name, ampinga, means "shield."
The largest living frog today is the goliath frog of West Africa, which attains lengths of 12.5 inches and weights of 7.2 pounds. The largest frog alive on Madagascar today, at just over four inches long, "would have been a nice hors d'oeuvre for Beelzebufo," Krause said.
Since the discovery of the first bones found in northwestern Madagascar in 1993, Krause and their team have gathered some 75 fossil fragments of Beelzebufo. Through the accumulation of these fossils, the team has been able to reconstruct the frog's skeleton, including nearly the entire skull.
Not only was the frog huge, it was powerful in design, had a protective shield, an extremely wide mouth and powerful jaws. These features made Beelzebufo capable of killing lizards and other small vertebrates, perhaps even hatchling dinosaurs.
The research was also funded by the National Geographic Society.
-NSF-
Media Contacts
Cheryl Dybas, NSF, (703) 292-7734, email: cdybas@nsf.gov
The National Science Foundation (NSF) is an independent federal agency that supports fundamental research and education across all fields of science and engineering. In fiscal year (FY) 2019, its budget is $8.1 billion. NSF funds reach all 50 states through grants to nearly 2,000 colleges, universities and other institutions. Each year, NSF receives more than 50,000 competitive proposals for funding and makes about 12,000 new funding awards.
Get News Updates by Email
Useful NSF Web Sites:
NSF Home Page: https://www.nsf.gov
NSF News: https://www.nsf.gov/news/
For the News Media: https://www.nsf.gov/news/newsroom.jsp
Science and Engineering Statistics: https://www.nsf.gov/statistics/
Awards Searches: https://www.nsf.gov/awardsearch/
As luck has it, it may emerge that Abbott will not be discriminating in favour of Aboriginal communities as they develop their plan to make everyone, and everything and everywhere viable. That's because there are bigger targets, as a result of which they may have to wait their turn. As we shift people away from unviable areas and communities, we can flog the vacated real estate, perhaps to Tonga. Or Kiribati, sinking into the ocean. Or New Zealand, China, the United States, perhaps even to Israel or the Islamic State. This could solve our foreign debt problems for all time, and put a smile on every face. Let others face the problem of making such areas viable. The whole of Tasmania might be a good start. The US was able to purchase Alaska from Russia for $US7 million or so in 1867. Many Americans thought it a very poor deal, and Alaska became known as Seward's folly, after the man who negotiated the deal. One would think that Tasmania should be worth at least that, perhaps more given the scenic beauties around Smithton. Tasmania is a non-stop drain on the national economy. It was before federation and has been ever since, its citizens drawing from other Australian taxpayers more than twice as much as they put in.
I have heard any number of explanations about how, if Australians invested in this or that Tasmanian venture or panacea from hydroelectricity to opium, the state will eventually become viable, but nothing ever seems to come to much, other than a pyre of mainland banknotes. Some think that its best hope lies in wilderness tourism. That is becoming a reality, and not only from the sharp decline in viable industry, but also in the number of Deliverance-set inhabitants in the hinterlands. It may well be that the Commonwealth Department of Finance, in arranging the asset sale, could offer inhabitants of the island the choice to stay if they wanted. Given the way that hope, and faith, springs eternal in the Tasmanian breast, it may be that some will want to throw in their lot with their new landlords, whoever they might be. We should let them, perhaps with a citizen-redundancy that would be off our books in only a few years. Naturally, once the sale was completed, we would close down the air services to Devonport and Hobart, and the Spirit of Tasmania ferry service. This would not be from want of neighbourliness, but on sheer economic grounds only, since both have long been unviable. Refugee boat people could take their chances in the Bass Strait or Tasman Sea, though any who struggled through would have to run the risk of being shot, and interned on Flinders Island, by our Volkspolizei, as Border Command is soon to be renamed. An advantage of starting with Tasmania is that mere divestment would save Australian taxpayers a fortune in parliamentary salaries, as the unemployment benefit seems to be called in that state. As an "original" state, Tasmania insisted that it have a minimum representation in each chamber of the federal parliament, with the result that it has about three times as many representatives in parliament than the folk of the ACT, who do actually contribute much more to the Commonwealth piggy bank than they take out. But Tasmania also has a full-blown state government and local government structure, with the consequence that in most Tasmanian families there is at least one, sometimes two, members of a legislature.
The temptation to move from Tasmania straight to a walk-in walk-out sale of South Australia should be resisted. That state is also unviable, with or without wine or submarines, or even a saltwater canal to Lake Eyre. That gives it a place in the queue, but when it comes to saving billions, and closing down unviable communities and subsidised enterprise it must take its turn. That would be in the queue behind the two major urban centres of the Northern Territory. Each swallows up far more in federal government cash per head of population than ever has been sighted by individuals living in far smaller Aboriginal communities. Indeed even Tasmania's drag on the fiscus is mild compared with the giant sucking noises from Darwin. One might sometimes get the impression from federal politicians, or advocates from the Institute of Public Affairs, that the real sinks of endless subsidy are in Aboriginal settlements. A Darwin or an Alice Springs can trump the biggest, or the smallest, Aboriginal settlement any old day of the week. Indeed the more a Territorian bitches about Canberra, or Southerners, of "bludgers" and of "real people", the more likely it is that they are some fairly recent Territory blow-in, like its current Chief Minister, a former Canberra-based public servant. It is hard to conceive of the size of the mountain of taxpayer-sourced dollars coming in, compared with the hillocks of outputs coming out. Mining this pile of money, and intercepting as much as possible from Aboriginal communities, is the principal - arguably the only - industry for white folk in the NT.
A Darwin, indeed, is largely able to exist at all only by stealing its own generous tribute from every dollar coming in for the benefit of Aboriginal Australians. What is not commandeered by its absurd political class (bearing an amazing resemblance to Tasmania's) is largely spent on fine schools and health services in the well-heeled suburbs. Not on Aboriginal people, whose living conditions, remoteness and lack of access to facilities are the source of the largesse, but for the families of provider class. The children of the state and federal public servants, service personnel, and of the army of urgers, lobbyists, providorist, Toyota salespeople and experts do very nicely, on average incomes matching those in Canberra. For political reasons, neither side of politics elsewhere in Australia seems to mind very much. I used to joke that a good many economic theories about the viability of remote rural settlements, even white ones, seemed to depend on the idea that one could make an economy if everyone took in someone else's washing. It is more easy to agonise about whether and for how long we can subsidise the lifestyles of the local Aboriginal populations. Some think that their future lies in moving, voluntarily or by pressure of hunger to the big cities, where, apparently, there is work galore for unskilled folk who want it. There's an element of special perversity about this in the Northern Territory given that, until the late 1960s, Darwin and Alice Springs were under curfew for Aborigines. No black faces were allowed in the city limits between sundown and dawn. Now, apparently, it is to be reversed, with the land outside the city to be reserved for trains carrying federal funds to Darwin, and, possibly, iron ore and manganese to China and Japan. A much more viable outcome, not least for the companies whose contributions support the fine work of the IPA.
Spread the love
La Puente, CA– Rosleen Banner is calling for justice after a Los Angeles County Sheriff's deputy ignored their “beware of dogs” sign, entered their yard, pepper sprayed their pregnant dog Tata and executed them with three shots to the head.
The deputy was responding to a call claiming a man and woman were fighting, but had shown up to the wrong address when they barged into Banner's fenced yard. Banner heard the first two shots and ran outside for the third shot, and found their beloved pet laying in a pool of blood.
The department claims that the dog had attacked the deputy, who was treated for a minor injury.
“In order to stop the attack, they deployed (pepper) spray which didn't stop the dog and when the dog charged again that's when the deputy actually fired to stop the attack,” Capt. Timothy Marakami with the LA County Sheriff's Department told CBS.
“” Banner wrote on the Justice 4 Tata Facebook page.
A petition (graphic photo warning) calling for justice and the termination of the trespassing officer reads:
Given the circumstances of this case – particularly, the lack of consideration towards the life of a pregnant dog – we, the undersigned, feel that the deputies involved should be removed from law enforcement as soon as possible. They have to pay for their negligence and they are no longer fit to represent the law.
Please sign the petition and demand justice for Tata and them puppies!
The petition was only 400 signatures short of the 5,000 goal by 5am on Monday. One only has to browse through our “puppycide” section to understand how widespread this disturbing trend is. What makes this even more tragic is that not a single officer has been killed by a dog in the past 50 years, yet police in the United States kill a dog on average of every 90 minutes. Two officers have been killed by bee stings, one by a cow- but not one single officer has been killed by mans best friend. Had this person not been a police officer, they could have subsequently been arrested for criminal trespass, illegal discharge of a firearm, cruelty to animals, and destruction of private property. However, since they are an agent of the state, they will likely not face any punishment.
Ecstasy tablets shaped like the head of US President Donald Trump's head are being sold on UK streets.
Produced in Amsterdam, the pink and orange pills contain dangerously high levels of MDMA, the Star on Sunday reported.
One website, which offers 1,000 of the pills for £1,200, cashes in on the President's famous catchphrase, with the line: 'Trump makes partying great again.'
Produced in Amsterdam, the pink and orange Donald Trump-shaped pills contain dangerously high levels of MDMA
Another describes them as: 'Quality orange Donald Trump tablets.
'Very nice press, really detailed. Comes in the actual shape of the head of the president of the USA', adding: 'These pills will blow your head off.'
A source in Manchester told the paper: 'It's getting to be a game of "who's got the coolest pill?"
'I know for a fact the Donald Trump's are very popular because of who they are.
One site, which offers 1,000 of the pills for £1,200, cashes in on the President's famous catchphrase, with the line: 'Trump makes partying great again'
'Who'd have thought you can get an E in the shape of the US president? Well you can. And they are here. They're going for about £8 a pill or £20 for three.'
Last month, police sent out a public health warning after a batch of 'Ikea' ecstasy tablets hospitalised scores of people and was blamed for the death of a teenager.
Kyle Pringle, 18, of St. Helier, died after taking them as police carried out three arrests around Jersey, seizing a quantity of the drugs.
The small blue and yellow pills, which are branded with a logo resembling that of the Swedish furniture giant, have flooded the island of Jersey.
Revellers taking them have had to seek medical treatment, as police there said they are 'much stronger than expected'.
While subject to toxicology reports and a post-mortem, evidence suggested the death was a result of consuming the 'Ikea' ecstasy tablets.
Dr. Seuss described The Lorax as “shortish. And oldish. And brownish. And mossy. And they spoke with a voice that was sharpish and bossy.”
It's the role Danny DeVito was born to play.
“Well, I always think of myself as being a little gruffer,” DeVito laughs. “But I knew it would be such a trip to hear my voice coming out of this wonderful, cuddly character.”
In the big-screen animated movie debuting tomorrow, DeVito not only voices the little furry guy who “speaks for the trees” in English, but also in the Spanish, Italian, Russian, and German versions. After the jump, we've got exclusive video of It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia actor grappling with the languages.
Meanwhile, DeVito answers a few burning questions for EW, such as: What does the Lorax eat? And how did they end up with that Jersey accent?
ENTERTAINMENT WEEKLY: You're someone who cares about the environment, but apart from that, which elements of yourself are in The Lorax?
DANNY DEVITO: He's very tenacious and has stuff on their mind. He's trying to be a really good neighbor to all the animals and all the people they live with. They live in paradise, and I would say he's like a guy from my old neighborhood, where if you came in and started messing things up, [he would say], “You can change it and modernize it, but you have to protect it.”
Is that where they get the accent?
[Laughs] Yeah, this is a guy from the forests of Anywhere, U.S.A. – or the world – but he's got, you know, ancestors from New Jersey.
For a woodland dweller, they are pretty streetwise.
Well you know, they forage. They have to get along on berries and nuts. And he's probably eating a lot of roots, I would say. He's got these friends, the swans and the fishies. I don't think he's barbecuing them! [Laughs] He's probably eating off the land, like an herbivore. They may milk a fish every once in a while.
Milk a fish?
[Laughs] For fish cheese!
Of course! That must be a deleted scene. How do you feel about people comparing the two of you?
He's a little, tough guy and I can't figure — wait a minute… Did [Dr. Seuss] write this after they saw Louie De Palma [DeVito's breakthrough role as the crabby dispatcher on Taxi]? But they didn't. They wrote it before.
Any time a family movie attacks the idea of greed, or encourages kids to care about the environment, there are some pundits who attack it. What does The Lorax actually have to say as a moral?
[The Lorax] is not to be confused with the person who says we should shut down all commerce, and shut down all innovative ideas. He's a person who says we can do all these things, but we need to make room for everybody else, and make room for the forests and the environment to live along with us. Coexist, rather than us taking over and, in the case of the Once-ler, losing our way.
We have this video of you learning all the different languages so you can perform The Lorax in French, German, Spanish, Russian…
I was on the phone with [Illumination Entertainment CEO Chris Meledandri] one night talking about that. We were coming close to the end of the movie and brushing up a couple of things on the English version. I asked who did it in other languages, and they said usually it's just dubbed by artists in other countries. I said I'd love to give it a try.
Were you fluent in any of these before?
I don't speak any of the languages. I speak a little Italian, but just enough to get around in Italy, like to order food. But I could be laughed at in a second.
So how did you learn it well enough to act out an entire movie?
They would give me two coaches and an editor, all from the country, and I'd go to the studio and we would dig in. We'd do it phonetically and I'd learn how to say the lines so that they felt I didn't have an accent.
What was the trickiest part?
Sometimes the parts of speech are in different places, and the verb is here, or the noun is over there, and you still had to make sense of it. It was kind of fun. You had to say the line, “You have been warned,” and in the other languages “warned” may be first. “Warned you have been.” All the sudden I sound like Yoda! [Like a good New Jersey boy, DeVito pronounces it “Yoder.”]
Once you started, there was no going back, I guess. Did you ever think: Why did I agree to this?
[Laughs] Yeah, every language was the same basically, where I'd get to a certain point and go, “Oh my gosh, I just climbed half of Mount Everest.”
For more movie news, follow EW's Anthony Breznican on Twitter: @Breznican
Read More:
Dr. Seuss' ‘Lorax‘: Once-ler's face revealed!
Dr. Seuss' ‘The Lorax‘: The art of perfect trailer music
Advertisement
Standing at a staggering 1,396 feet, it offers breathtaking views of New York, including Central Park, lower Manhattan and the Atlantic Ocean.
This spectacular building is 432 Park Avenue, in midtown Manhattan, which today became the tallest residential site in the Western Hemisphere.
Designed by architect Rafael Viñoly, the 96-story condo offers 104 units, ranging in price from $16.95million to a whopping $95million penthouse suite.
Astonishingly, it towers over the Empire State Building (1,250ft), the Chrysler Building (1,046ft) and One World Trade Center without its spire (1,368ft).
Scroll down for video
Stunning: This marble bathroom at 432 Park Avenue - which stands at a staggering 1,396 feet - offers a breathtaking view of New York
Sprawling: The building in midtown Manhattan today became the tallest residential site in the Western Hemisphere. Above, is a living room in the skyscraper
A view to wake up to: Designed by architect Rafael Viñoly, the 96-story condo offers 104 units, ranging from $16.95million to $95million
Tall: 432 Park Avenue (center) towers over the Empire State Building, the Chrysler Building and One World Trade Center without its spire
This morning CIM Group and Macklowe Properties announced the topping out of the building, which will welcome its first residents next year.
For those lucky few who can afford to purchase a unit, they will be able to observe the stunning views from sprawling 10-foot-by-10-foot windows.
The units, all built over 365 feet and designed by Deborah Berke, also feature 12.5-foot ceilings, solid oak flooring and Italian marble countertops.
And the rest of the building is just as impressive - with climate-controlled wine cellars, an outdoor terrace, a spa, a 'massage therapy room' and a pool.
Beautifully furnished: The building will welcome its first residents next year. Above, this unit features a telescope to look out over New York
Breathtaking: For those lucky few who can afford to purchase a unit, they will be able to observe the views from 10-foot-by-10-foot windows
An immaculate kitchen: The units, all built over 365 feet and designed by Deborah Berke, also feature 12.5-foot ceilings and solid oak floors
Skyline: And the rest of the building is just as impressive - with climate-controlled wine cellars, an outdoor terrace, a spa, a 'massage therapy room' and a pool. Above, this view of the Manhattan skyline shows 432 Park View (right). The crane on top will soon be removed from the site
Residents can also frequent a billiards room, dine in a restaurant underneath a crystal chandelier, socialise in a lounge and keep fit in a private gym.
The building, which sits between 56th and 57th Streets, first underwent excavation work on September 26, 2011, followed by three years of construction.
Today, the final concrete was poured on its highest floor, taking it to its full height of 1,396 feet, ABC reported. It can now be seen from the Bronx, Brooklyn, Queens and even as far away as Monmouth County in New Jersey.
Avi Shemesh, the principal and co-founder of CIM Group, said they were delighted the topping of 432 was achieved today, weeks ahead of schedule.
Penthouse: Residents can also frequent a billiards room, socialise in a residents' lounge and keep fit in a private gym. Above, a living room
Fine dining: The building, which sits between 56th and 57th Streets, first underwent excavation work on September 26, 2011, followed by three years of construction. Today, the final concrete was poured on its highest floor, taking it to its full height of 1,396 feet
A good morning: Harry Macklowe, chairperson of Macklowe Properties, said: 'We are proud to have created a New York City landmark that can be seen throughout all five boroughs, and which will enhance our city's iconic skyline.' Above, another view of New York from the property
Harry Macklowe, chairperson of Macklowe Properties, added: 'We are proud to have created a New York City landmark that can be seen throughout all five boroughs, and which will enhance our city's iconic skyline.
'At 1,396 feet, 432 Park Avenue is the tallest residential building in the Western Hemisphere, and represents an extraordinary accomplishment of architecture, design, engineering and craftsmanship.
'In this second decade of the 21st century, we are privileged to have been part of creating something that will join the pantheon of legendary 20th century structures like the Chrysler, the Empire State and the Woolworth Buildings.'
Contrast: At 1,396 feet, 432 Park Avenue (left), in midtown Manhattan, towers over the Empire State Building (right), which is 1,250 feet
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - California and Wisconsin said the U.S. Department of Homeland Security was incorrect when it notified them last week they were among 21 states whose election systems were targeted by Russian hackers during the 2016 election.
FILE PHOTO: People vote at the Evergreen Recreation Center during the 2016 presidential election in the Boyle Heights area of Los Angeles, California, U.S., November 8, 2016. REUTERS/Mario Anzuoni
California Secretary of State Alex Padilla said on Thursday DHS notified the state that Russian cyber actors “‘scanned' California's Internet-facing systems in 2016, including Secretary of State websites.”
California said after asking for more details “it became clear that DHS' conclusions were wrong. DHS confirmed that Russian scanning activity had actually occurred on the California Department of Technology statewide network, not any Secretary of State website.”
Padilla said that the notification “was not only a year late, it also turned out to be bad information.”
DHS spokesperson Scott McConnell said notifications to 21 states were “based on a variety of sources, including scanning detected from malicious IP addresses and intelligence information that cannot be publicly disclosed.”
The government has “provided additional information and clarity to a number of states,” they said.
DHS “stands by its assessment that Internet-connected networks in 21 states were the target of Russian government cyber actors seeking vulnerabilities and access to U.S. election infrastructure,” they said.
Wisconsin election officials on Wednesday released an email from DHS that said the IP address targeted was at the Wisconsin Department of Workforce Development, not the state's elections commission.
DHS told states including Ohio, Alabama, Alaska, Colorado, Connecticut, Florida, Minnesota, Texas, Virginia, Pennsylvania, Delaware, Iowa, Maryland and Washington state they were targeted by Russian hackers but said the hackers were not successful. Arizona and Illinois confirmed last year that they were targets.
There is no evidence any votes were changed, DHS said.
Russia has denied election meddling, and President Donald Trump has denied any collusion with Russia.
“There remains no evidence that the Russians altered one vote or changed one registration,” said Judd Choate, president of the U.S. National Association of State Election Directors.
Homeland Security officials have said that in most of the 21 states only preliminary activity was observed from hackers and a small number of networks were compromised.
U.S. intelligence agencies have concluded the Kremlin orchestrated an operation that included hacking and online propaganda intended to help Trump win, Reuters reported in August.
Several congressional committees are investigating and special counsel Robert Mueller is leading a separate probe into the Russia matter, including whether Moscow colluded with the Trump campaign.
Iranian Foreign Ministry Spokeswoman Marzieh Afkham reaffirmed their country's continued support for a Palestinian terrorist organization and rejected U.K. Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond's comments that Tehran had changed its stance on Israel, Fars News Agency reported on Wednesday.
“Iran's support for all resistance groups continues similar to the past,” Afkham told reporters, when asked about Tehran's policy towards Hamas.
According to Fars, Afkham also asserted that support for the “resistance front” and groups who stood against the “Zionist regime” was a main principle of Iran's foreign policy. They went on to express their hopes that the groups fighting on the front lines in the war against the Jewish state would remain united and maintain their integrity.
Them comments came on the heels of reports that a member of Hamas was critical of Iran for its waning support.
This ran in contrast to statements from other Hamas officials — among them Moussa Abu Marzouk, deputy chairperson of Hamas's political bureau; former Hamas Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh; and Hamas co-founder Mahmoud Al-Zahar — stressing their appreciation for Iran's continued and unwavering support for the terrorist organization ruling the Gaza Strip.
Meanwhile, according to Fars, Afkham dismissed Hammond's remarks, made on their recent trip to Iran, that Tehran had changed its policy on Israel. “There were no talks on the Zionist regime and the report that Iran has changed its position is denied,” they said.
This echoed statements by Hossein Sheikholeslam, international affairs adviser to Majlis (parliament) Speaker Ali Larijani, who told reporters on Tuesday: “Our positions against the usurper Zionist regime have not changed at all; Israel should be annihilated and this is our ultimate slogan.”
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
Questions have been raised as to how a Palestinian resident of the West Bank city of Tulkarem crossed into Israel and carried out a stabbing attack against a police officer in Netanya.
Checkpoints are the last barrier between Israel and the territories. The IDF's co-ed Taoz Crossings Battalion guards 32 checkpoints across the West Bank, from Afula and Jenin in the North to the vicinity of Jerusalem, including the Te'enim crossing near Tulkarem.
While Tuesday's attack happened inside Israel, there have been dozens of incidents at checkpoints during the latest wave of violence by Palestinian attackers, many of whom were shot dead by security forces.The scene of the stabbing attack in Netanya. (Magen David Adom)While Israeli authorities claim that Palestinians shot by security forces were either a danger to personnel or the public, a 2016 report by Human Rights Watch claimed that more than 150 were fatally shot when lethal force had been unnecessary.A senior officer from the battalion told The Jerusalem Post that while there is “absolutely no need to shoot someone dead if you can neutralize the attacker with non-lethal force,” if someone is running toward a soldier with a knife, troops have the authority open fire.“The challenge is to be smart and to work in a diligent manner. We can't always tell who is a potential attacker and who isn't; that's a major challenge,” the officer added, explaining that troops have only seconds to decide whether to act, such as pulling aside a suspicious car or truck for further inspection.To thwart attacks, soldiers at checkpoints not only rely on their gut, but use advanced technology to inspect vehicles that might be hiding illegal goods such as meat or eggs, drugs such as hashish or marijuana, or Palestinians looking to cross into Israel illegally.“It's like a game of cat and mouse. We are always finding new ways they are hiding illegal goods or people,” they said.“We always remind our soldiers that if a terrorist gets past us, an attack will happen in the center of the country. We are the last security check.”While the officer told the Post that their soldiers were trained professionals, the battalion has been accused of purposely delaying Palestinians and destroying cell phones.The Military Police has arrested several soldiers, even commanders, for taking bribes in exchange for allowing passage through checkpoints without inspection.Soldiers stationed at checkpoints are expected to maintain a high level of alertness – despite working eight-hour shifts, sometimes in extreme heat and on little sleep – and have only seconds to check Palestinians who are crossing into Israel.
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
Yvonne Strahovski is no stranger to the screen. The 34-year-old Australian actor has starred in critically-acclaimed films, voiced video games, and appeared in five seasons of the NBC hit series, Chuck. Now, Strahovski is ready to take on a new role; that of Serena Joy in Hulu's new series, The Handmaid's Tale.
The Handmaid's Tale, based off of the original novel by Margaret Atwood, chronicles a dystopic society called the Republic of Gilead. Ruled under a theocratic dictatorship, women have few human rights and live under constant supervision by a secret police, known as the Eyes of God.
We chatted with Yvonne on the upcoming series The Handmaid's Tale which premieres April 26th on Hulu.
Can you describe your character, Serena Joy?
Serena Joy is a complicated woman.  They are extremely harsh, hard, unapproachable, unfair. BUT – I am biased. I had to sit with this woman who on paper is one of the ‘bad guys' and try to figure their heart out. Why are they the way they are? I see a woman who has been stripped of their own personal identity, as a human, and as a woman. I see a woman who had a part of their connection to their husband taken away from them I see a woman stripped of sexuality, and dignity. And I see why they are as closed and harsh as they have become. What makes it complicated, is that they were part of the equation in CREATING this world for herself. They were one of the people who believed in this new world of Gilead. Which makes me ask the very hard questions like – what woman would agree to partake in such a ‘religious ceremony' where you watch your husband fuck another woman in front of you, because you yourself have been deemed barren? So I ask myself, at which point did Serena Joy no longer have a say in what her, and their fellow women's rights would be in this new world? So many heavy questions like that craft Serena. I don't even think I got to the bottom of some of these questions. There are so many.
Are there any similarities between you and Serena Joy?
Haaaa NO!!! I mean, I hope not 🙂 I found it pretty hard to play them There's a lack of empathy that Serena Joy has within them that I REALLY struggle to relate to.
How does this role differ from previous work you have done?
I think this is probably the most bitter character I have ever played. The closest I came to this kind of bitterness was when doing Broadway and playing Lorna Moon in Golden Boy. But there was a certain hopelessness to Lorna, a certain naiveté. An innocence almost. That is not the case with Serena Joy.  They are calculating and manipulative. But again, I am biased – and I see where their manipulation comes from – they too, has to survive in this oppressive society. They might be at the top of the food chain when it comes to women in Gilead, but they sure as hell has a cage built around them Even if they did build a large part of it herself. Not that any of this makes them actions okay.
What statement is The Handmaid's Tale making?
How ugly we can be as a human society. How far can you take justifying horrid human actions. How far can we go with inequality and power and the impact it has on all of us. How far will we go in the face of adversity to still try to connect with each other. What are our core fundamental human needs, when all else has been stripped away from you.
Can you highlight any differences between Margaret Atwood's novel The Handmaid's Tale and the upcoming Hulu series?
Aside from Serena Joy being a lot younger in our series, there are a few story points we explore that are not in the book. I can't really tell you them though because it will spoil the surprise.
What was your favorite scene to film in The Handmaid's Tale?
There are so many! It is really hard to say. So many scenes became surprises in terms of what we were discovering in them as we were shooting, that no one had thought of earlier. Also, we are living in this dangerous society where the rules are incredibly rigid and any wrong action or word could result in death or mutilation. So there's SO much that we cannot actually say which means the sub text is so so so ripe. There's so much to play with. Surprisingly I loved shooting the ceremony scenes. It wasn't awkward, which I thought it would be. We are all so invested in what this show means that there is a much bigger idea at play constantly as we shoot this.
Why do you think it is important to have women to look up to?
We all must have good role models. Women get the raw end of the deal in this society (STILL). (UGH). We don't have equal pay, we have men negotiating our bodies away, we have to fight for what is basic and necessary to our bodies to be accepted as normal, breastfeeding for example. We need to have strong supportive women around us to unite with and take the high road with. The world can be a harsh place and we are all sisters. I learn from mine in how to try to put my best foot forward. We all make mistakes and fall down, but as sisters we can have each others backs and try and make a difference together, learning from each other.
What is the power of the voice of women?
We are half the world. We are life.
Photos by Maarten de Boer
Styling by Cristina Ehrlich for TheOnly.Agency
Hair by Clariss Rubenstein for The Wall Group
Makeup by Amy Strozzi for TMG-LA
Creative direction by Anna Zhang
Words by Sarah Kearns
Originally published in Volume II, Issue No. 002 – Spring 2017.
10
Loves
The 11 members of the Seahawks' 2013 draft class and nine more that agreed to terms as undrafted rookie free agents have been assigned jersey numbers by the club.
Before rushing to the list below, here's an important note for those of you who may be looking to purchase a customized jersey of your favorite rookie:
These numbers are subject to change prior to the start of the regular season.
For an up to date reference on player jersey numbers, keep an eye on our roster page.
At a glance, running back Christine Michael, tight end Luke Willson, offensive guard Ryan Seymour, and undrafted strong safety Ray Polk are the lucky four who will wear the same number at the pro level (for now) that they did in college. Undrafted linebacker Craig Wilkins, who wore No. 12 at Old Dominion, never even stood a chance at making that transition, as of course that number was retired for you – the 12th Man – back in 1984.
On to the rookies' jersey numbers, with the number they donned in college displayed in parentheses.
Draft Picks:
#33 – RB Christine Michael, Texas A&M (College #33)
#97 – DT Jordan Hill, Penn State (College #47)
#17 – WR Chris Harper, Kansas State (College #3)
#90 – DT Jesse Williams, Alabama (College #54)
#34 – CB Tharold Simon, LSU (College #24)
#82 – TE Luke Willson, Rice (College #82)
#44 – FB Spencer Ware, LSU (College #11)
#62 – G Ryan Seymour, Vanderbilt (College #62)
#58 – LB Ty Powell, Harding (College #9)
#66 – G Jared Smith, New Hampshire (College #90)
#73 – T Michael Bowie, Northeastern State (College #61)
Undrafted rookie free agents:
#2 – WR Matt Austin, Utah State (College #4)
#78 – T Alvin Bailey, Arkansas (College #67)
#93 – DE Kenneth Boatright, Southern Illonois (College #54)
#47 – LB Ramon Buchanan, Miami (College #45)
#46 – LB John Lotulelei, UNLV (College #55)
#7 – SS Ray Polk, Colorado (College #7)
#65 – G Jordon Roussos, Bowling Green (College #73)
#38 – RB Dominique Whaley, Oklahoma (College #8)
#45 – LB Craig Wilkins, Old Dominion (College #12)
The Reds announced that they signed catcher Miguel Olivo to a minor league contract with an invitation to MLB Spring Training (Twitter link). Jon Heyman of CBSSports.com, who first reported the sides were nearing a deal, reports that the Phillies, Astros and Dodgers also inquired on Olivo (Twitter links).
Olivo, 34, played for the Mariners in 2012, appearing in 87 games. The right-handed hitter posted a .222/.239/.381 batting line with 12 home runes in 323 plate appearances. They hit for more power against left-handers than right-handers last year, which isn't surprising considering their career line of .270/.303/.477 against southpaws.
Agent Martin Arburua represents Olivo, an 11-year MLB veteran, who earned $3.5MM in 2012. They join a Reds roster that includes Ryan Hanigan and Devin Mesoraco. The free agent market for catchers no longer features many options for interested teams. Rod Barajas, Chris Snyder and Matt Treanor are among the remaining options, as MLBTR's Free Agent Tracker shows.
By just having a glimpse at the heading many of us may think that a patient who is affected by such a disease may transform into some kind of fang gnashing, blood-drinking supernatural creature. However, this kind of transformation is only confined to the movies. Beyond the realms of Hollywood, it doesn't cause the victims to transform into a creature as described above.
The Vampires disease or Porphyria which is its scientific term is a set of genetic disorders in which an important part of hemoglobin called heme is not made properly which means there is a malfunction of the hemoglobin production. People suffering from it face symptoms manifested by mythological vampires. Their skin is sensitive to sunlight, their urine is reddish to purplish in colour, the gums are shrunk making the teeth look more prominent and canine-like and they have an adverse reaction to garlic. Other major symptoms include abdominal pain or cramping (only in some forms of the disease), problems with the nervous system and muscles (seizures, mental disturbances, nerve damage).
There are about eight different types of porphyria;
Four of these can sometimes cause sensitivity to light: Erythropoietic Protoporphyria (EPP) or Protoporphyria, Congenital Erythropoietic Porphyria (C.E.P.), Porphyria Cutanea Tarda (PCT) and Variegate Porphyria. Taken together, all forms of porphyria afflict fewer than 2,00,000 people in the United States. Based on European studies, the prevalence of the most common porphyria, porphyria cutanea tarda (PCT) is 1 in 10000, the most common acute porphyria, acute intermittent porphyria (AlP) is about 1 in 20000 and the most common erythropoietic porphyria, erythropoietic protoporphyria (EPP), is estimated at 1 in 50000 to 75000. Congenital erythropoietic porphyria (CEP) is extremely rare with prevalence estimates of 1 in 1,000,000 or less.
Presently this condition is treated with a combination of high carbohydrate diet and avoiding triggers like alcohol and crash dieting that can lead to an attack. For attacks glucose is administered via an intravenous line, iron is given and sometimes other medications are given to control the symptoms.
Thus people suffering from this disease shouldn't be feared because unlike the dreaded beasts of folklore and superstition they are no more than patients suffering from a rare class of genetic disorder who require medical aid as well as love and affection to lead a normal life like others in the world.
BHUBANESWAR: A tribal man, along with their 12-year-old daughter, walked around 10km carrying their wife's body on their shoulder on Wednesday as they failed to get a vehicle to transport it from a government hospital in Odisha's Kalahandi district where they died.Dana Majhi's 42-year-old wife Amang Dei died of tuberculosis on Tuesday night at the district headquarters hospital at Bhawanipatna.For those in such a situation, the Naveen Patnaik government had launched the `Mahaparayana' scheme in February , offering free transportation of bodies from government hospitals to the residences of the deceased.Majhi, however, said despite their allout efforts, they could not get any help from the hospital authorities. Thus, they wrapped their wife's body in a cloth and started walking to their village Melghara which is about 60 km from Bhawanipatna.Majhi's daughter accompanied them till some local reporters spotted the duo. They called up the district collector and arranged for an ambulance for the remaining 50 km of the journey .“I told the hospital authorities that I am a poor man and cannot afford a vehicle. Despite repeated requests, they said they cannot offer any help,“ Majhi told a local television channel.Kalahandi district collector Brunda D said, “As we got to know of the incident, we spoke to the CDMO and arranged for an ambulance“ they said. Under `Mahaparayana' scheme, dead body carriers are supposed to be deployed at 37 government hospitals.
A couple of the fine statistics covered are:
"If you cut out weathfare, you could pay off the national debt in 11 years."
Sample Legislation to Reform Corparate Welfare
Getting Business Off The Public Dole: State and Local Model Laws to Curb Corporate Welfare Abuse
An Act To End Business Welfare Abuse: Proposed State Legislation
Cato Institute (a libertarian think tank)
Archer Daniels Midland: A Case Study In Corporate Welfare
Cato Handbook for Congress: Corporate Welfare
Environmental Working Group Reports on Agriculture Subsidies:
Common Cause's Position on Corporate Welfare Bye-bye corporate tax revenues (1999 CSM article) Boston Globe's Series on Corporate Welfare: July 7, 1996: Helping Companies Grab All They Can Get
July 7, 1996: The $150 Billion `Welfare' Recipients: U.S. Corporations
July 8, 1996: Tax code gives companies a lift
July 9, 1996: Business' clout keeps the government breaks coming Philadelphia Inquirer's Series on Corporate Welfare: June 4, 1995: How Billions in Taxes Failed to Create Jobs
June 5, 1995: The Price of Keeping Labs Busy
June 6, 1995: Their Biggest Competitor? The U.S. Government
June 7, 1995: Plans To Save Textile Jobs: A Wash
June 8, 1995: High-Tech House That Clout Built
June 9, 1995: A Successful Program, or Millions Down the Drain?
June 10, 1995: The Perils of Living Grant to Grant The more corporate welfare received, the more layoffs...
This is a list of the 8 corporate welfare recipients that were listed in the first article of the Inquirer series, comparing corporate welfare received to the number of people layed off in that time (1990-1994).
Welfare recieved Employment GM $110,600,000 -104,000 IBM 58,000,000 -100,000 AT&T 35,000,000 -1,077 * # GE 25,400,000 -80,000 Amoco 23,600,000 -8,300 * DuPont 15,200,000 -29,961 Motorola 15,100,000 +9,600 * Citicorp 9,600,000 -15,700 * exceptions to the trend # AT&T layed off 40,000 people shortly after this accounting
see also: Tax Subsidies Reward Corporate Downsizers (Citizens for Tax Justice report)
Please share this page:
So you're wondering how to create a hardback book from scratch? Well this page is for you! We've pulled together the best YouTube video tutorials along with a transcribed written procedure (slightly edited) and a huge list of additional resources (which you can find at the bottom of this page) which will take you through, in a step-by-step fashion, many ways to make the hard-back book of your dreams!
Before you move on, don't forget to check out our very own post on Making Hardback Book Covers, we've also got a tutorial on making Split-Cover Boards for Larger Books.
* Note that videos shown on this page are works of other book-binders and not the work of i BookBinding.
We would love to know what you think of the videos, please share your thoughts in the comments section below.
[youtubelist feed=”playlist” playlist=”PLPp2BP7zmBBofWDBOY75gfapPqVJVRUen” playfirst=”1″]
Products Featured in these Videos (Click for more info / prices)
Brayer Xacto Knife Set Binders Board Mod Podge Glue
For those of you who might like to skim read the first video tutorial whilst or before viewing the video, we've taken the time to transcribe the first video (it's the most in-depth and a process we would commonly use):
Making Hard-Back Book Covers: A Step-by-Step Guide / Tutorial
Video created by Robin House.
To measure the spine take your two covers and put them in place front and back. Lay this flat on the table, press the book down ever so slightly, measure the thickness of the book, in this case it appears the book is about half an inch thick. Cut the spine accordingly, one 1/2 inch by the height of the book. After the boards are cut you're going to lightly sand the edges of the outside of the board – the book cloth will adhere more easily to a rounded surface than a hard edge. Now we are going to measure our book cloth. Roll out the book cloth with the cloth side down and the paper backing up. Draw a horizontal line about an inch-and-a-half from the bottom edge of the cloth. Place your boards in order along the horizontal line. Front and back cover to each side and the spine in the middle. Mark the position of the board on the right. Then, sandwich three small pieces of binders board to define space between the cover and the spine. Now mark the position of the spine. Using the same three pieces a binders board establish the space between the spine and the left cover. Mark the position of the last cover. Using a metal square extend the vertical lines approximately the height of the boards. Mark the height of the covers and draw another horizontal line. Draw a boundary line three quarters of an inch away from the book covers. Finally, measure one quarter of an inch away from each corner and draw a 45-degree diagonal line. Using an exacto knife, cut along the outside line and cut the corners on the diagonal. To place the cloth to the board you're going to need a stack of waste papers. Place the book cloth on the papers with the cloth side down. Hold the book cloth in place while applying the glue with your large paste brush; always brush from the center to the outside edges. After applying the glue, slip out the used top sheet wastepaper and discard. Be careful not to get any glue on the cloth surface underneath. Next, carefully place your boards on the pasted book cloth making sure to stay within the drawn lines. From the back, rub each board to affix the glue. Next, starting at the bottom edge, turn over the book cloth and press it in place on the board. Continue with the other side. From here you're going to fold the corners into the sides. First, press down the corners so they can form to the binders board (you can use a small device like a spatula or any pointed tool to manipulate the book cloth). Next, fold the extended cloth sides onto to the board. Place the cloth covered boards under a weight and let it dry overnight. Now it's truly beginning to look like a hard-cover. To create that nice groove the hinge we're going to open up the case and lay it flat on the table resting on a piece of wax paper. Now you can slip small wooden dowels under the case, putting them in the space between the front and back covers and the spine. Apply a bit of glue along the edge of the covers and spine, also apply a small amount of glue in the space between the board's and under the fold in the book cloth. Next you can smooth out the glue with your finger. Place a piece of wax paper over the cover, on top of that, position three small pieces of wood – one on the spine and the others on the covers near the spine. Rest a weight or books on top the wood and let it dry overnight. In the morning you will have perfectly shaped hinges. The next step will be to attach the signatures and mull onto the hard-cover board. We will leave this for another tutorial.
[support-website]
Additional Resources
Please share this page:
How is it that certain names make a top ten or top 100 list and others don't? Throughout the years, we continually see that particular names were more fashionable during certain decades throughout our history. The swelling and waning tide of popularity seems to swallow and overwhelm everything we do: our clothes, our music, and our favorite celebrities, and names are no exception.
I generally try to swim against the naming tide, choosing names well away from the top ten list. It seems that most moms I talk to feel the same way. Yet, there is always that handful of baby boy names that everyone is choosing in a particular year.
How to pick a name for your baby boy in 2017
One of my prerequisites to choosing a name for my child is that it cannot be more popular than number 100 on the current list. I carefully chose all three of my children's names this way and my son's name is in this year's top ten list. I shake my head with a little bit of disdain towards all the fellow moms who came after me and “stole” my name.
Of course, I stole it first, hearing the name on a teenager in passing. It was so beautiful and unique that I had to have it to describe the treasure that was my son growing inside me. Apparently, lots of other women heard the name and felt the same way as I did.
So what other motivators do parents have for name choosing? I would reckon to say that the first motivator is how a name sounds to your ear. Another motivator is whether or not you associate that name with someone else and whether or not that association will ruin it for you.
As a teacher, unfortunately, many baby boy names 2017 do not sound all that good to me because I can assign them to former students… and I have taught thousands of them in my career. It is not that these students were necessarily negative experiences for me, but those names belong to their faces and not the faces of my future children.
Read also – 10 Absolute Brilliant Baby Shower Games
Another motivator is whether or not a baby boy name is popular. I think that some people do not really care how many Johns or Daves there are, if they like the name, they will use it. Many of us, however, prefer that like our child, their name be unique – precious and rare.
Finally, a lot of people, myself included, prefer a name with significant meaning such as “warrior,” “blessed,” or “God is my father,” because we want to speak positive words over our children.
According to lists made by Babycenter, Nameberry, and the Social Security Administration, names that most commonly met these criteria for parents in 2015 and 2016 have been names like Noah, Liam, Ezra, Asher, Elijah, and Oliver. Other more classic baby boy names that are still popular are names like William, Alexander, Michael, and Benjamin.
So what will be popular in 2017? Well, I'd gather that many of the names that have been popular in the most recent years will most likely continue to reign. I believe we will see at least half of those names hanging onto their place in the top ten. We can't really know for sure, as so many other factors will come into play when the next year unfolds.
It seems to me that a name that is mentioned often probably stands a chance of making that list. Names like Robb, Brynden, and Benjen from Game of Thrones are quirky and loved enough to possibly make the list. Currently, there is a whole new wave of popularity surrounding our favorite superheroes, which might bring out names like Oliver and Clark.
Read also – 10 Ways to Help Your Children Adjust to a New Baby
With a beloved president soon to leave office, we will probably see the name Barack joining the ever popular presidential favorites like Jackson and Harrison. Frankly, any name is seen often enough in the media, newspapers, and our Facebook feeds might possibly make the list, from names of singers like Blake and Zayn to names of American Olympians like Michael and Ryan.
Baby Boy Name Predictions for 2017
So, based on the past list of popular baby boy names and the present, which names do I feel may make the cut? I am no expert, but here are my predictions for baby boy names 2017:
Liam Asher Ezra Elijah Oliver Noah Blake Michael Brynden Clark
So what do you think? Which of my picks are most likely to make it to 2017's most popular baby boy name list? If you have a baby coming, will you be likely to choose names like these or to avoid them for less popular alternatives?
Has Marvel written off their Ironman replacement, Riri Williams aka Ironheart by the end of this week's Secret Empire # 10?
Here are two pages that many comic book readers pointed out saying that Ironheart's been missing already.
First page was the scene where Kobik reveals that they have sent several heroes into the “Vanishing Point” to return stronger and better than ever.
Or at least it was travel of discovery too according to Kobik.
The whole point of this was to touch in the whole Generations book which pits the current heroes in a situation where they have to team-up with past versions of themselves or at least their predecessor.
Funny though when the heroes return from their visit to the past, we don't see Ironheart anywhere? For a roll call, we've got Amadeus Cho's Hulk, Miles Morales Spider-Man, Captain Marvel, Miss Marvel, Jane Foster Thor, X-23 Wolverine and Kate Bishop Hawkeye.
To add more fuel to the mystery, the final double-spread for Secret Empire # 10 featured most of the current Marvel heroes minus Ironheart and with AI Tony Stark in their classic armor.
So what do you guys think? Did they really subtly write off Ironheart by the end of Secret Empire # 10? Or will they be just doing the classic switch and we'll see Riri Williams sometime in the future or by the time Tony Stark returns as Iron Man under the Marvel Legacy banner.
Santa's Little Mailman had been keeping in touch with me since early December making sure that I wasn't forgotten for Xmas this year!
"Dear garg, this is Santa's mail carrier. I'm writing you to tell you that Santa didn't forget you this year, however (due to DHL's shitty overseas shipping options), it might take a little bit longer until you receive your present. So please be patient (I'm sorry for the wait). Sincerely yours, Santa's mail carrier"
Oh no! Trouble with the sleigh!
"Dear garg, unfortunately, it seems like Santa's worst case has happened and you didn't receive your present in time. Santa's very sorry for the inconvenience and will proceed to punish themselves with an iron stick. Nevertheless, I wish you Merry Christmas/Happy Holidays/!"
They even remembered my birthday!
"Santa would like to say Happy Birthday as well and hopes that you won't be too disappointed with the gift they got you for Christmas."
And today I got it! And I love it! yayyy! It's absolutely perfect. I'm geeking out at the 'Making Things Talk' book and I've already started reading. And I love the Chocolate Weihnachtsmann. I'm going to use that a display item. Also the Xmas gummy bears! The Newspaper got a bit crumpled but I uncrumpled it and tried to read through it! It is so much better than local newspapers! I'm going to save this too. Ooo and I also enjoyed looking at the stamps on the box! Weee :D
Thanks so much again! You're a brilliant secret santa('s little mail carrier)!
New policy for low-level pot use kicks in on Wednesday in Harris County Drug-education class will take the place of jail for possession of small amounts
HOUSTONED: What you need to know about Houston's new marijuana policy
Houston and Harris County are poised to decriminalize low-level possession of marijuana in a sweeping move that puts the area at the forefront of efforts in Texas to halt minor drug arrests that clog jails and courts.
Click through for a primer on what is on the horizon for the area... less HOUSTONED: What you need to know about Houston's new marijuana policy
Houston and Harris County are poised to decriminalize low-level possession of marijuana in a sweeping move that puts the area at the ... more Photo: Michael Ciaglo, Houston Chronicle Photo: Michael Ciaglo, Houston Chronicle Image 1 of / 20 Caption Close New policy for low-level pot use kicks in on Wednesday in Harris County 1 / 20 Back to Gallery
A new policy set roll out Wednesday puts Harris County at the forefront of national efforts to keep small-time pot smokers out of jail, joining a growing move to relax or eliminate criminal penalties for possession of small amounts of marijuana.
Anyone found with less than 4 ounces of marijuana — a misdemeanor under Texas law — now will have the option to avoid criminal charges altogether by taking a four-hour drug education class.
REACTION: Patrick blasts Ogg's pot policy, but other lawmakers more supportive
It's one of the "more extensive pretrial marijuana diversion programs in the nation," said Miriam Krinsky, a board member of Harvard Law School's Fair Punishment Project. "This is the first of many steps by prosecutors ... to advance thoughtful, smart and fair approaches to criminal justice practices."
Harris County District Attorney Kim Ogg's new policy to allow a drug-education class without a citation or arrest seems to be unique, however, by keeping offenders out of court even for larger amounts of marijuana than most cities allow.
BACKGROUND: New policy marijuana will save time, money, DA's office says
Houston Police Chief Art Acevedo and Sheriff Ed Gonzalez have endorsed the plan, which is expected to save more than $25 million a year in costs for jails, prosecutors, courts, police officers' time, crime labs and defense attorneys.
For the full story on how the new Harris County policy stacks up with other efforts across the country, visit HoustonChronicle. com.
See how the Donald Trump administration's policies could clash with the marijuana laws in California in the video above.
× NC man accused of selling crushed Pop-Tart to undercover agent; said it was cocaine
HALIFAX COUNTY, N.C. — A North Carolina man is accused of selling a crushed Pop-Tart to an undercover agent, telling them it was crack cocaine.
WCTI12 reported that Cameron Mitchell, 30, of Rocky Mount, allegedly sold the fake crack cocaine to an undercover agent in June.
The suspect was allegedly making a delivery to a convenience store in Halifax on June 19 when they made contact with the undercover agent.
Mitchell allegedly agreed to sell crack cocaine to the agent for $20 and went and got it from theirs truck.
The substance tested negative for the presence of cocaine, according to officials. The suspect allegedly said they crushed the corner of a pop tart and sold it as cocaine because they needed money.
Authorities said the suspect was arrested on Sept. 4. They face charges of selling or delivering a counterfeit controlled substance and creating a counterfeit controlled substance.
: The Royal Malaysian Navy (RMN) has deployed three vessels to search for an oil tanker which went missing last Thursday, at 30 nautical miles east of Tanjung Sedili, Kota Tinggi in Johor.The KD Terengganu, KD Pendekar and KD Ganyang are in the midst of locating the MT Orkim Harmony which was laden with 6,000 metric tonnes of RON95 petrol at the time of its disappearance.There were 22 crewmen on board. RMN Chief Tan Sri Abdul Aziz Jaafar said about 150 RMN personnel were involved in the search and rescue (SAR) operation."We are assisting the Malaysian Maritime Enforcement Agency in the SAR," they told Bernama when contacted today.MT Orkim Harmony was sailing from Malacca to Kuantan when it went missing.On board the Malaysian-registered tanker were crewmen comprising 16 Malaysians, five Indonesians and a Myanmar.In Johor Bahru, the Malaysian Maritime Enforcement Agency's (MMEA) operations director (southern region) Maritime First Admiral Ibrahim Mohamed said the search for the Malaysian-registered vessel spanned 20,000 sq miles, from Tanjung Penawar to Mersing, and to the territorial waters of a neighbouring country.He said MT Orkim Harmony was carrying 6,000 metric tonnes of RON 95 petrol from Melaka to the Kuantan Harbour."A report on the ship's disappearance was made by its owner, Orkim Ship Management Sdn Bhd at 6.30am on June 12," they said in a statement here today.Ibrahim said the ship's crewmen were aged between 20 and 64.He said the MMEA shared information on the incident with the Singapore Police Coast Guard and the authorities in Indonesia, Badan SAR Nasional and Badan Keamanan Laut Republik Indonesia.In addition, the information on the missing vessel was also disseminated via Nevtext to other ships.Ibrahim said while the SAR was underway, MMEA assets monitored the waters off Sabah and Sarawak.He said that upon receiving a report on the missing vessel, MMEA had launched a search operation involving a helicopter, three ships and a boat."Two RMN ships are also helping us," they added.
Every day seems to bring fresh polls showing Hillary Clinton's lead expanding over Donald Trump and new examples of Republicans defecting from their party's presumptive nominee. Trump's dramatically behind Clinton in fundraising, organization and staffing. Analyst Nate Silver gives Clinton a 79 percent chance of winning the election.
Is there such a thing as too much good news? There can be if it makes Democrats cocky or stops donors from thinking the campaign needs their money.
“The No. 1 concern that Democrats should have is complacency,” said Brian Fallon, Clinton's press secretary. “Donald Trump reminds us every day why he's uniquely disqualified to be commander in chief, but the reality is this race is bound to be very close all the way to end.”
Related: Clinton Maintains Edge in New NBC Battleground Map
If it seems too good to be true, it probably is -- especially for the Clintons, who seem to have a knack for snatching defeat from the jaws of victory (see: Bill Clinton's unforced error in meeting with Attorney General Loretta Lynch this week).
So Clinton's team is trying to tell their supporters -- and themselves -- to brace for inevitable downturns, keep an even keel and work like they're already behind.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Was Clinton, Lynch meeting 'bad judgment'? 5:38 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
John Podesta, the campaign's chairperson, recently addressed their staff to remind them not to get overconfident. “Donald Trump is not a serious man, but they are a serious candidate,” Podesta told their troops, according to a campaign official, who said the phrase has become a Podesta mantra.
Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren put it more bluntly during a recent visit to Clinton's campaign headquarters in Brooklyn. “Don't screw this up,” they warned staff.
The campaign has already sounded the alarm on small-dollar donations falling short of expectations, even as they dramatically outspend Trump.
Campaign manager Robby Mook has also been driving the point home in meetings with Democrats across the country, including at a summit last Friday with Vermont's delegation to the Democratic National Convention.
And campaign surrogates have been told to respond to any question about Clinton's polling lead by saying the race will end up being close, no matter what the polls say now.
“There are only two ways to run: unopposed and scared. Unless Trump drops out of the race, I'm running scared,” said Paul Begala, a former Bill Clinton adviser who now works with the pro-Clinton super PAC Priorities USA Action.
“The truth is, Trump's voters are reliable. They are old, angry white dudes. All they do is complain about their prostates and vote. Our voters are much harder to find, then register, then motivate, then deliver to the polling place,” Begala said. “Man, I am so far from complacent, I couldn't find it with Google Maps.”
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump hopes to close the fundraising gap 6:54 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Clinton's presidential campaign in 2008 -- at least before their loss in Iowa -- is a case study in how overconfidence can lead to poor judgment and missed cues from the electorate.
They faced a similar challenge in the early days of the 2016 Democratic primary, when Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders looked for a time like a harmless token opponent.
This time, officials said they were going to fight for every vote during the primary and take nothing for granted, repeating that line so often that some reporters wondered if aides were trying to convince themselves as much as the press. Either way, it paid off, earning Clinton the presumptive nomination.
Now facing Trump, it's not just Clinton's staff and allies who need to be braced for bumps in the road, but also rank-and-file Democrats, whose small donations help fund the campaign and whose anxiety influences the mood of electorate.
Related: How Donald Trump Walked Away From Millions of Dollars
In emails to supporters, campaign officials have been reminding supporters to keep their guard up.
“No matter what the collective wisdom of our political punditry has to say between now and November, Donald Trump has a real chance of winning this election,” Christina Reynolds, the campaign's deputy communications director wrote last week. “Together, we have to wrap our minds around that fact -- and resolve to act on it.”
It's not uncommon for campaigns to play to supporters' fears in fundraising solicitations. President Obama's email with the subject line “I will be outspent” was one of the most successful of their 2012 campaign.
But taking victory for granted is a real problem, which can lead to depressed fundraising, volunteering and ultimately turnout.
Many analysts blamed complacency among Clinton supporters for their stunning loss to Sanders in Michigan's primary, for instance. Polls showed Clinton so far ahead, supporters might have figured they didn't need to vote.
Ahead of other primaries, Clinton aides privately prayed for polls showing Sanders within reach in order to keep supporters engaged and the media's expectations in check.
Now, with Clinton dominating Trump's fundraising so thoroughly, the campaign has struggled to get its own supporters to feel the need to pony up.
Mook emailed supporters Wednesday under the subject “setback” to say the campaign was 130,000 donations short of its end-of-the-month goal.
“This goal isn't some kind of generic oh-it-would-be-nice-to-get-there sort of thing,” Mook continued. “This is about actual projections and budget decisions: If we don't raise what we thought we would for June before tomorrow at midnight, we're going to have to make some difficult calls about where our funding goes in key battleground states, whether to hire more organizers or cut back, or whether to set up that next field office.”
A South African preacher who made their congregation eat grass to make them 'closer to God' before using them as a human carpet has now got them drinking petrol.
Pastor Lesego Daniel of the Rabboni Centre Ministry poured some of the liquid into a bucket before dropping a match into it and setting it alight to prove that it really was petrol.
Unveiling their latest 'miracle' to the congregation, they then told them that the petrol had been turned into pineapple juice and persuaded people to line up to take a sip from a bottle of the liquid.
Scroll down for video
A South African preacher (pictured) who made their congregation eat grass to make them 'closer to God' before using them as a human carpet has now got them drinking petrol
Dangerous: One member of the congregation drinks the petrol
Bizarre: Several members of the congregation step forward to drink the petrol, which Pastor Lesego Daniel claimed had been turned into pineapple juice
A video showing their congregation in the town of Garankuwa, near Pretoria in northern South Africa's Gauteng Province, drinking the yellow liquid warns: 'If you cannot turn water into wine, don't try this'.
Pastor Daniel tells their congregation: 'I want to prove to you, with the flames that will burn here, that it shows what can be achieved if you have faith.'
They add: 'What you see, you have to believe it.' They then drinks some of the liquid himself.
GP Dr Arun Ghosh underlined the dangers of drinking petrol.
They told MailOnline: 'It's highly toxic and can give you serious gastric erosion. It will lead to severe stomach problems.'
Demonstration: A member of the congregation lights the petrol to show that it's real
Pastor Daniel tells their congregation 'I want to prove to you, with the flames that will burn here, that it shows what can be achieved if you have faith'
The controversial preacher made international headlines in January when they were photographed persuading followers to eat the grass at their ministry.
They said that humans with faith eat anything to feed their bodies and can survive on whatever they choose to eat, and persuading them to eat grass and drink petrol was simply a way of proving the point.
One woman claimed eating grass stopped them having a sore throat, while another said it healed them after a stroke.
Interviewed by local media one of the congregation, Rosemary Phetha, said: 'Yes, we eat grass and we're proud of it because it demonstrates that, with God's power, we can do anything.'
The controversial preacher made international headlines in January when they were photographed persuading followers to eat the grass at their ministry
One woman claimed eating grass stopped them having a sore throat, while another said it healed them after a stroke
Another, Doreen Kgatle, 27, from Garankuwa, suffered a stroke two years ago. They said: 'I could not walk but soon after eating the grass, as the pastor had ordered, I started gaining strength and an hour later I could walk again.'
Photos showed that followers who had eaten grass then allowed Pastor Daniel to walk across them as they spread out on the floor.
The grass eating, however, failed to impress many with one outraged commentator saying: 'Is this a scene in a movie? This can't be real. God created animals to chew grass and made human beings to dominate over animals. Any person who reduces human beings to animals is definitely not of God.'
COMMENTARY
Air Force wants unhackable comm, like in 'Mass Effect 3'
The U.S. Air Force Office of Scientific Research is funding a group of scientists from seven universities to investigate the best way to develop “quantum memories” for securing long-range communications.
The team, led by scientists at Georgia Institute of Technology, will evaluate three ways of creating entangled quantum memories for enabling the secure transmission of information over great distances, according to an announcement from Georgia Tech. The five-year, $8.5 million project also includes scientists from Columbia, Harvard and Stanford universities; the Massachusetts Institute of Technology; and the universities of Michigan and Wisconsin.
The basic idea of all three methods is to use “entangled photons” — photons that are bound together and represent ones and zeroes according to their individual polarization. The difference in them is in the physical platforms that control the matter/light interaction used to generate them.
The research group's task is to figure out which method or combination of methods will have the best application.
(Interestingly enough, this is exactly the same method of communication used in the “Mass Effect 3” computer game to talk securely from starships back to their home bases. One might wonder if that is where they got the idea, although Georgia Tech physics professor Alex Kuzmich said work in this field has been going on for the past 15 years.)
Ideally, the photons are manipulated into their entangled state. Then the data is converted to light and sent to the receiver, which reconverts and examines the photons to get the data.
Currently, there are a couple of obstacles to using this method for really long-range communication. One is that quantum memories generated with current methods have a lifespan of only about 200 milliseconds, which isn't quite enough time to decode them before they go away. Kuzmich said one of the goals is to store quantum information for a matter of seconds.
The second is the loss of light when it is sent through optical fiber over great distances.
These two roadblocks will be the main topics of research for this investigation team. If they do get something operational out of their hard work, then the military would have a communication system that would be as-yet impossible to intercept. This is because the photons could not be observed while in light form.
But of course, we know how determined hackers and Rupert Murdoch can be, so I'm sure they'll find a way eventually.
File photo: Narendra Modi addressing a rally in Hyderabad on August 11
After Narendra Modi was accused of co-opting Barack Obama's slogan "Yes, we can," while addressing a massive rally in Hyderabad on Sunday, their supporters have released a video from 2004 to deny claims that the Gujarat Chief Minister took a page out of the US President's book.The video, uploaded on YouTube by user 'iSupportNamo', has Mr Modi's speech at the Vibrant Gujarat summit in 2004, where they can be seen saying "Gujarat can and Gujaratis will."In the video, the then PM Atal Behari Vajpayee can also be seen sharing the stage with Mr Modi.The Gujarat Chief Minister is expected to land their party's prime ministerial nomination.On Sunday, while addressing a capacity crowd of over 50,000 in Hyderabad's LB Stadium, Mr Modi had asked the people to echo him: "Yes, we can! Yes, we will do!"Mr Modi, chief architect of the BJP's election campaign for 2014, was referring to the dream of building a "Congress-free India".
Lots of people claim to know how to make a video go viral, and what sorts of content work best. But only a few things are absolutely guaranteed to make a video successful, and one of the most foolproof is to follow the template of the military homecoming video.
These videos, which depict the reunion of US servicemen and women with their family following a deployment, trigger a mixture of emotions from patriotism to joy that people find irresistible.
Even those with generally ambivalent feelings towards the military can't help being swept up by the human element. Who could hate on a child tearfully throwing themselves at the brave parent they haven't seen for six months?
It's a wet dream for those handling the military's public relations and the tableau has become a mainstay of Hollywood and a trope in movies from rom coms to slashers.
While these videos have found no problem circulating themselves, there has been something deeply suspicious going on over the past year on the popular social news site reddit. These types of videos have always done well and continue to do so on reddit, but about a year ago they began hitting the frontpage with suspicious regularity.
On closer inspection, it was revealed that most of these videos were being posted by a brand new redditor who would delete their account shortly after posting. For it to happen as often as it did could only mean one thing: a single person or entity was responsible for all the posts.
Invisible hand
When a redditor first pointed out the trend, the social network had a mini-meltdown. “The military is manipulating us!” they squealed as they accused every post from pictures of military puppies to pictures of soldiers waving on the plane home of being the product of sockpuppets.
The reaction might have been hysterical. But the fact remains that someone was manipulating the system to drive positive emotions about the military to millions of eyeballs.
Why would anyone, military or otherwise, want to push feel-good military videos on reddit? The most simple reason is the same as for anyone who wants to drive hits to content. Getting to the front page of reddit not only guarantees hundreds of thousands of hits, but it's the first step to going viral, putting content in front of the media repackagers at The Huffington Post and Buzzfeed who, in turn, are watched by the mainstream media.
The second and more complicated reason is the opportunity offered by reddit to manipulate the emotions of a specific demographic. The majority of the tens of millions of regular reddit users are US-based, young, liberal and sceptical.
Negative news stories about the US military are met with a chorus of nodding exasperation for a generation who grew up with the Iraqi and Afghan wars. But the majority of redditors aren't using the site for deep and nuanced debate: rather, they are chasing cheap and easy hits of entertainment – making them vulnerable to manipulation.
There's a now an entire reddit manipulation industry devoted to influencing our feelings
Take the post that prompted the reddit witch-hunt against the military: the link to the now-removed video “Man absolutely floored by the return of their son-in-law from deployment in Kuwait. This emotional of a reaction from a father-in-law is amazing”.
The post was the only submission from a new redditor and until the reddit sleuths got involved the top two comments were the only comments from new users who had joined reddit within minutes of each other.
The nature of the reddit voting system means those who comment first will have a much greater chance of being upvoted and thus being viewed by people clicking through to the post.
And what was the that top comment? “This is one of the best ones I've ever seen. The amount of emotion this man has for their son-in-law is amazing. What a lucky woman for having two such men in their life”.
It takes a hardened heart to downvote such a comment and regardless of whether or not they are planted, similar comments are often popular under such these feel good military posts.
So is it them?
There's no concrete proof that the military are manipulating reddit, or any other social media sites in this way, though it's tough to imagine who else might want to improve what they call “sentiment” around online discussion of war and the military.
But we know that advertisers certainly are. “Astroturfing,” the practice of masking the interests behind an advertising campaign through the use of sock-puppets is an established practice. From movie campaigns to product placement, there's a now an entire reddit manipulation industry devoted to influencing our feelings.
The Psychological Operations (PSY-OP) division of the US military, now known as Military Information Support Operations (MISO), conveys selected information to influence the emotions and thus the behaviour of their audience. They are forbidden to specifically target US citizens, but we know they are also trained in the art of influencing activity online.
Representatives from the entire US military complex attend the Information Operations Global conference each year. Last year's event was titled “Delivering Effects through Influence Activity”. The reddit logo was plastered on the front page of the conference's website.
The Guardian revealed almost three years ago that the US military was developing software that would allow it to manipulate social media sites by using fake identities to spread pro-American propaganda.
The brave new world of user-controlled social news sites is still in relative infancy and, as it stands, is frighteningly open to manipulation, providing an overwhelming temptation for those looking to push an agenda.
We've Been Kissing Since Vedic Times, So Why Are We So Awkward?
We've Been Kissing Since Vedic Times, So Why Are We So Awkward?
sensualblissvoyager
Last weekend, couples took to the streets of conservative Kerala to shake up a hardline Hindu stance against kissing. They did it the most obvious way possible - by kissing. Not surprisingly, they got arrested for it. But we've been kissing since forever, so why the drama? Of course, anyone can quote the Kama Sutra to prove this, but desi tongue action is much older.
Kissing in the Vedas
Yes, the Vedas - they mention the custom of rubbing and pressing noses together, possibly an early form of kissing.
Kissing in the Mahabharata
500 to 1,000 years after the Vedas, the Mahabharata also mentioned lip kissing, taking the asupervisorstioned nose-rubbing a step ahead.
How India exported the kiss
The zero is not the only thing we can brag about inventing. According to academics, kissing spread across the world as Alexander the Great conquered Punjab in 326 B.C., and their troops learned the practice, taking it across the world ! Even the word "kiss" came from the word "kus", once used for the act in northern India.
Our first on-screen kiss
Don't Miss 1.4 K SHARES 1.1 K SHARES 4.4 K SHARES
It wasn't the 1970's Rishi Kapoor era, but the 1929 silent film “A Throw of Dice” which saw our first on-screen kiss. 4 years later, Devika Rani kissed Himanshu Rai in “Karma” - a 4 minute kiss. Somewhere between then and now, we went crazy about morals. This was obvious when outrage resulted from a 75 year old Nelson Mandela kissing Shabana Azmi on the cheek.
Cut to now - when India gets so ridiculously excited about an on-screen kiss that actors have made careers from the act!
(Research sourced from 'A Short History of the Kiss in India', Wall Street Journal India, 1 November 2014)
FILE - In this Sept. 15, 2013, file photo, New York Giants kicker Josh Brown (3) reacts after kicking a field goal during the first half of an NFL football game against the Denver Broncos in East Rutherford, N.J. The NFL on Wednesday, Aug. 17, 2016, has suspended Brown for one game for violating the league's personal conduct policy.(AP Photo/Kathy Willens, File)
By Associated Press Contact Associated Press on Twitter:
EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. -- The NFL suspended New York Giants kicker Josh Brown for one game for violating the league's personal conduct policy.
The league and the Giants announced the suspension Wednesday without disclosing the violation.
"While I do not agree with the suspension, I will accept it," Brown said in a statement released by the team. "I have exhausted the appeals process and have no other options along those lines."
Brown will miss the Giants' regular-season opener against the Cowboys on Sept. 11. They will be eligible to return to the active roster the next day.
Brown, 37, who scored a career high 134 points last season, is eligible to participate in all preseason practices and games.
Tom Obarski is the Giants' other kicker in training camp. They were in the Cincinnati Bengals camp last year and was waived before the season.
Philadelphia fire crews responded Tuesday night to the scene of a 3-alarm fire in Tacony that was the result of a gas main explosion.
PGW crews were originally called out to the 6900 block of Torresdale Avenue in Tacony at 7:19 p.m. due to a 12-inch high pressure gas main break.
Officials say while working the break something went wrong and the main ruptured around 8:30 p.m. causing an explosion.
RELATED: RAW VIDEO: Flames erupt after Tacony explosion
5 people, 4 PGW workers and a firefighter, were taken to Aria Hospital Torresdale Division.
Commissioner Lloyd Ayers said in a late Tuesday night press conference, 3 of the PGW workers are in critical condition. The fourth PGW employee and the firefighter are stable.
The Action Cam was on the scene at the hospital as two ambulances brought in four of the victims; the fifth walked in for assistance.
It appears these victims have suffered very serious burns.
According to a hospital spokesperson, four of the victims will be transferred to the Temple University Burn Unit.
During the press conference, Ayers mentioned a fifth PGW worker was still missing. Just after 11:00 p.m., authorities told Action News, the PGW worker's body was found under the debris.
The explosion caused a massive fire to erupt.
RELATED: RAW VIDEO: Smoke fills Tacony sky A second alarm came in at 8:35 p.m. and just before 9:00 p.m., a third alarm was struck.
Two buildings caught fire as a result of the explosion.
Residents could not believe what they saw.
"While they were digging to get to the main, it blew up right there. I was 50 feet from it, it was unbelievable," witness Chris Labovitz said. "The fireball was 30, 40 feet high."
"We were right there?just as long as everybody is alright, all the properties can be replaced," witness Georgeanne Labovitz said.
The fire was placed under control by 11:00 p.m.
At least 30 people were evacuated while crews worked on the break prior to the explosion. Some were sent to the Disston Recreation Center at Glenloch and Disston streets.
Mayor Michael Nutter asked those affected to seek shelter with family and friends nearby.
The identities of the victims have not been released.
WASHINGTON, Jan 6 (Reuters) - Recent college graduates in the United States face a more challenging job market, causing them to remain unemployed or take lower paying jobs than their counterparts in the past two decades, an analysis by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York has found.
The report, released on Monday, analyzed more than 20 years of data and found that, while it generally takes new graduates some time to transition into the job market, today's graduates are having an even tougher time and many are accepting jobs for which they are overqualified, low-wage jobs or part-time work.
“It is not clear whether these trends represent a structural change in the labor market, or if they are a consequence of the two recessions and jobless recoveries in the first decade of the 2000s,” the report said.
The study was conducted by Richard Deitz, an assistant vice president in the New York Fed's Research and Statistics Group, and Jaison Abel, a senior economist in the group.
Even though overall U.S. unemployment has declined, falling to a five-year low of 7 percent in November, young graduates are entering an economy that is still fragile and far from its pre-recession levels.
The report found that graduates from fields that provided technical skills or serve growing parts of the U.S. economy fared better.
Healthcare and education graduates had lower unemployment rates of about 3 percent and 4 percent respectively, while construction and architecture majors and liberal arts and social sciences majors experienced the highest levels of unemployment of 7 percent to 8 percent.
The authors said this trend of higher unemployment for new graduates began with the 2001 recession, improved when the economy recovered, and deteriorated again during the most recent economic downturn.
Problems facing new graduates are compounded because more students graduate with massive amounts of debt due to spiraling costs for higher education. About 70 percent of U.S. students who graduated in 2012 had student loan debt, with the average borrower owing $29,400, up from $26,000 the previous year.
The underemployment rate for recent graduates is also higher than in the previous two decades. That rate was 34 percent in 2001. By 2012, it had risen to 44 percent. Because of the scarcity of jobs, recent graduates have tended to take low-paying jobs or jobs that don't require a college degree such as positions as bartenders or retail clerks.
However, the authors of the report say the relatively high unemployment experienced by recent college graduates is no reason to dismiss the value of a college education.
The U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics projects faster growth for jobs that require at least post-secondary education by 2022. Workers with a post-secondary education or more earned a median of $57,770 in 2012 compared with $27,670 for jobs requiring a high school diploma.
Lawmakers are calling for an investigation after at least five elementary school children were handcuffed and arrested last week in Murfreesboro, Tennessee.
It's unclear how many students were arrested, but reports say their ages range from 6 to 11 years old. They were charged with "criminal responsibility for the conduct of another."
Officials say the students failed to stop a fight that occurred several days earlier off campus.
SEE ALSO: Drug-laced gummy candy lands high school students in hospital
Zacchaeus Crawford told the Daily News Journal three of their kids were arrested. "I'm just a concerned parent who wants to make sure the rights of my kids aren't being violated just because someone feels they can violate them," said Crawford.
See how people on social media are reacting to this story:
10 PHOTOS Social reactions to Murfreesboro, Tenn. first graders arrested See Gallery Lawmakers call for investigation after elementary students' arrests So Murfreesboro PD arrested 6-10 year olds at an ELEMENTARY school for NOT intervening in a fight. This is unbelievable ! First-graders cuffed, arrested, charged; Murfreesboro outraged https://t.co/WlDA0fu544 via @USATODAY @USATODAY Ok I've read enough! WTF! That's absurd! To cuff children between ages of 6-11 for a fight that happened omg! Where do we draw the line on this? There's a failure here somewhere. @usatoday How would you feel if these were YOUR kids? Elementary schoolers arrested after cops see video of off-campus fight: https://t.co/RI4qOweLA0 @USATODAY they're teaching kids the right way to act cuz some of their parents prolly don't do @USATODAY This is the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard. I hope all officers involved are fired and that parents sue and win. SMDH @USATODAY I'm telling you government control will only be getting stronger and were slowly becoming a communist country. @USATODAY this is disgraceful..... This is our police so proud of them... What adult thought arresting a 6yr old for witnessing fight was smart? Apology needed fast #murfreesboro #karldurr Up Next See Gallery Discover More Like This HIDE CAPTION SHOW CAPTION of SEE ALL BACK TO SLIDE
Now, two Tennessee state lawmakers are calling for a federal and state investigation into the Murfreesboro Police.
"Under what circumstances are there a rational basis or a concern for public safety that you feel you would have to arrest an elementary-age child?" said Rep. John Ray Clemmons.
Officials have apologized for the incident but have not yet indicated if they intend to drop the charges. Crawford says their children are expected to appear in court in June.
More from :
'The Daily Show' dug up a cringeworthy Donald Trump comment
Law enforcement still looking for head of decapitated body
The real-life 'Gone Girl' is 80, and terrifying
Most people agree that Jesus was an amazing teacher and someone we could all learn from. At the same time, most of us have spent little time actually reading their story. The Daily Walk Bible NLT: 31 Days with Jesus is an open invitation to do just that. In just one month you will read through all four gospels, seeing Jesus and gaining insight into their purpose and message for us.
This special eBook, taken from the pages of The Daily Walk Bible, includes a simple reading plan to help you through. Each day includes an Overview that provides a bird's-eye view of that day's reading, an inspirational and practical My Daily Walk devotion, and an Insight that offers an interesting fact about the passage. Every seventh day you will be invited to pause and reflect—looking back over what you have read, looking forward to what is coming, and most importantly looking up to God.
It's that simple, but be warned, Jesus has been changing lives for two thousand years—31 days and yours won't be the same either.
Architecture
Service Oriented Architectures can be one of the most iterable and available software configurations for building almost any product. There are many challenges that come with these systems, probably the biggest of which is service discovery. This is how your services will communicate with each other. For our service discovery, we turn again to Docker. If you haven't read how we do deploys: Docker at Clay.io
Tutorial
Synapse (https://github.com/claydotio/synapse) is a daemon which dynamically configures a local HAproxy configuration which routes requests to services within your cluster. It watches Amazon EC2 (or another endpoint) for services, specified in a configuration file. We use the ec2tag watcher, which easily lets us add servers to our cluster by tagging them.
HAProxy
Alright, so let's start with the services. They will be talking to each other via the local HAProxy instance. Because services run inside docker, we need to specify the host IP for services to look for services at a specific port.
Here, we use Ansible to pass the local IP and port to service running on that machine.
SERVICE_API=http://{ ansible_default_ipv4.address }:{ service_port }
For a service to use another service, they simply make calls to that IP/port. The key here is that the IP is the local machine IP, which is handled by HAProxy. We have released an HAProxy docker container which watches a mounted config file, and updates automatically on changes:
https://github.com/claydotio/haproxy
docker run --restart always --name haproxy -v /var/log:/var/log -v /etc/haproxy:/etc/haproxy -d -p 50001:50001 -p 50002:50002 -p 50003:50003 -p 50004:50004 ... -p 1937:1937 -t clay/haproxy
By default, we use the noop config at /etc/haproxy , which gets mounted inside the docker container and watched for changes. We will be mounting the same haproxy config inside our synapse container in a moment. It's important to note that if this container goes down, all services on the machine will be cut off from all other services. For that reason, we have allocated additional ports to the container for use with new services in the future (as they cannot be dynamically allocated).
Synapse
Ok, now it's time to actually set up synapse.
Running synapse (thanks to our public Docker container) is easy.
docker run --restart always --name synapse -v /var/log:/var/log -v /etc/synapse:/etc/synapse -v /etc/haproxy:/etc/haproxy -e AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=XXX -e AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=XXX -e AWS_REGION=XXX -d -t clay/synapse synapse -c /etc/synapse/synapse.conf.json
Notice how we are mounting a synapse config, and an haproxy config inside the container. The HAProxy config is our noop config from before (because it will be auto-generated by synapse), but let's look into configuring synapse.
Configuring synapse can be a bit tricky, as the documentation could be better. Here is an example config that should explain everything that's missing in the docs:
source
{ "services" : { "myservice" : { "discovery" : { // use amazon ec2 tags "method" : "ec2tag" , "tag_name" : "servicename" , "tag_value" : "true" , // if this is too low, Amazon will rate-limit and block requests "check_interval" : 120.0 }, "haproxy" : { // This is the port other services will use to talk to this service // e.g. http://10.0.1.10:50003 "port" : 50003 , "listen" : [ "mode http" ], // This is the port that the service exposes itself "server_port_override" : "50001" , // This is our custom (non-documented) config for our backup server // See http://zolmeister.com/2014/12/10x-docker-at-clay-io.html // for details on how our zero-downtime deploys work "server_backup_port" : "50002" , "server_options" : "check" } } }, // See the manual for details on parameters: // http://cbonte.github.io/haproxy-dconv/configuration-1.5.html "haproxy" : { // This is never used because HAProxy runs in a separate container // Reloads happen automatically via the file-watcher "reload_command" : "echo noop" , "config_file_path" : "/etc/haproxy/haproxy.cfg" , "socket_file_path" : "/var/haproxy/stats.sock" , "do_writes" : true , "do_reloads" : true , "do_socket" : false , // By default, this is localhost, however because HAProxy is running // inside of a container, we need to expose it to the host machine "bind_address" : "0.0.0.0" , "global" : [ "daemon" , "user haproxy" , "group haproxy" , "chroot /var/lib/haproxy" , "maxconn 4096" , "log 127.0.0.1 local0" , "log 127.0.0.1 local1 notice" ], "defaults" : [ "log global" , "mode http" , "maxconn 2000" , "retries 3" , "timeout connect 5s" , "timeout client 1m" , "timeout server 1m" , "option redispatch" , "balance roundrobin" , "default-server inter 2s rise 3 fall 2" , "option dontlognull" , "option dontlog-normal" ], "extra_sections" : { "listen stats :1937" : [ "stats enable" , "stats uri /" , "stats realm Haproxy Statistics" ] } } }
Conclusion
That's all there is to it. Special thanks to Airbnb for open-sourcing their tool, which allowed us to set up service discovery in a simple and scalable way. For those not on Amazon EC2, there is a Zookeeper watcher (which we did not want to deal with), and hopefully soon an etcd watcher:
https://github.com/airbnb/synapse/pull/58
Once that's merged, we may move to using Nerve with etcd instead of EC2 tags to handle service announcement. For reference, I'll leave this etcd example docker information here:
curl https://discovery.etcd.io/new?size=3 docker run --restart always --name etcd -d -p 2379:2379 -p 2380:2380 -v /opt/etcd:/opt/etcd -v /var/log:/var/log -v /etc/ssl/certs:/etc/ssl/certs quay.io/coreos/etcd:v2.0.0 -data-dir /opt/etcd -name etcd-unique-name -listen-client-urls http://0.0.0.0:2379 -listen-peer-urls http://0.0.0.0:2380 -advertise-client-urls http://localhost:2379 -initial-advertise-peer-urls http://localhost:2380 -discovery https://discovery.etcd.io/XXXXXXXXXXXX -initial-cluster-token cluster-token-here
(see discovery docs for url)
Introduction
In 2011 we announced the Go runtime for App Engine. Since then, we have continued to improve the Go App Engine experience, and generally improved Go support for the Google Cloud Platform. For instance, the google-api-go-client provides a Go interface to a range of Google's public APis, including Compute Engine, Cloud Storage, BigQuery, Drive, and many more.
Learn more by watching these talks from Google I/O this year:
High Performance Apps with Go on App Engine
The Go runtime for App Engine is a high performance engine for running web applications. It produces fast responses, starts instances in a fraction of a second, makes the most use of instance hours, and allows your app to do serious processing at full machine speed. Come along to hear how to fully exploit the power of Go on App Engine and make your web applications the best they can be.
All the Ships in the World
Visualizing Data with Google Cloud and Maps
Tens of thousands of ships report their position at least once every 5 minutes, 24 hours a day. Visualizing that quantity of data and serving it out to large numbers of people takes lots of power both in the browser and on the server. This session will explore the use of Maps, App Engine, Go, Compute Engine, BigQuery, Cloud Storage, and WebGL to do massive data visualization.
By Andrew Gerrand
The new, young, aggressive, social medial team at the Veterans' Administration, clockwise from left, Brandon Friedman, Alex Hortoneft, Josh Tuscher Kate Hoyt, and Lauren Bailey meet. (SUSAN BIDDLE/FOR THE WASHINGTON POST)
Back from a 15-month deployment to Iraq, Alex Horton penned a 1,000-word rant against the Department of Veterans Affairs.
“How many obscene scandals, misappropriations and misdiagnoses does it take to see there's a rotten core at the center?” the 23-year-old soldier wrote on their war blog from Austin in 2009. They were in their fourth semester at community college, and VA was holding up money they needed for rent and schoolbooks under the new GI Bill.
Their unsympathetic VA counselor “provides the same level of care you would expect from a Tijuana back alley vasectomy,” Horton wrote, expressing a frustration felt by generations of veterans.
What happened next was a watershed for one of the government's most maligned bureaucracies.
Veterans Affairs hired Horton to keep blogging — about itself.
The agency hopes to use the Internet — and a critic operating from the inside — to help turn around its reputation as obstructionist, antiquated and overwhelmed. The goal is not just to answer veterans' questions faster and in real time but also to open the bureaucracy to scrutiny. Although they've gotten a slower start than the private sector, federal agencies are interacting with citizens on Facebook, Twitter and YouTube, a big change for many used to more-controlled communication.
At first Horton said no when the department's new-media director tried to recruit them last spring. “Then I thought, this might be an opportunity,” they said.
They quit school and a part-time job corralling grocery carts at Costco and drove their Ford Ranger to the District, where they rent an English basement on Capitol Hill.
Instead of blogging without pay in a dusty Internet cafe in Mosul, Horton makes $47,500 a year to write full time from a ninth-floor cubicle at VA headquarters on Vermont Avenue NW. Now 25, they arrived with instant credibility with veterans, who followed their must-read war blog, Army of dudes, during the U.S. troop surge for its unvarnished, eloquent dispatches.
But their job has an inherently awkward dynamic — work for “The Man” and risk selling out (“Now I suppose they will be busy spewing government propaganda,” one military blogger wrote after their hiring); become too critical and irk your bosses.
Brandon Friedman, who oversees the five-member new-media team created last fall, said: “I told everyone upfront, Alex is not here to flack for the agency but to help facilitate our communication with our clients.”
VAntage Point launched last Veterans Day. It has taken on some fundamental issues: The labyrinthine claims backlog, VA's paperbound culture, the wave of mental health problems confronting returning troops, access to health care, how civilians should talk to veterans, suicide, homelessness.
The blog, anchored by Horton with contributions from other writers, gets about 3,000 hits a day, the agency said. The posts also appear on the VA Facebook page, which now has 112,000 fans, the largest of any Cabinet agency.
A fellow veteran, Friedman had admired Horton's war blog. But they were nervous when they approached their boss about hiring him. “He can be kind of controversial,” Friedman told Assistant Secretary Tammy Duckworth.
Duckworth, who lost their legs and the partial use of one arm in Iraq, had their own frustrations with the system, having missed medical appointments because they couldn't find parking. “It's absolutely outside of the comfort zone of how the VA has done things,” they said of Horton's independent voice. “And we need that.”
Alerted by complaints from Horton and others, the agency cleared up the GI Bill backlog and acknowledged that it was unprepared for a crush of applications.
Horton has continued to rankle the bureauc­racy. An account of the claims backlog touched off angry calls to VA officials. “But it's still up,” Horton said.
They hit a wall as they reported on the parking shortage, which has worsened as more veterans of Iraq and Afghanistan seek treatment. The managers they interviewed were not happy with their questions. “It must have seemed like I was the inspector general,” Horton said.
Witty and unassuming, Horton failed English twice during high school (with a class rank of 322 out of 405) but spent most of their free time devouring military history. In their assault pack in Iraq, they carried a dog-eared copy of “The Things They Carried,” Tim O'Brien's short-story collection about a platoon in Vietnam.
The guy who once wasn't sure they wanted to go to college is waiting to hear from George Washington University and Georgetown to complete their degree. They have a quirky fascination with dictators. An early portrait of Saddam Hussein, found in an abandoned house in Baqubah, sits on their desk, along with a pistol holster with Republican Guard stamps they recovered in a weapons cache in Baghdad.
On their right wrist is a silver bracelet honoring Cpl. Brian “Chevy” Chevalier, the driver for Horton's platoon, killed four years ago by an explosive in Iraq. The loss informs their often-soulful dispatches on the disorienting journey from battlefield to civilian life.
“With all the challenges associated with coming home from war . . . the bittersweet absence of combat can be the most troubling and confusing,” Horton blogged about post-traumatic stress. “Almost to a man, my Army platoon misses the sting of battle as much as the camaraderie.”
Other dispatches have been hard-hitting. The department “holds a long legacy, both perceived and grounded in past experiences, of an enormous government entity that could not possibly care about the veterans it serves,” they said in their maiden post, comparing VA's reliance on the mail to communicate with veterans to “stone tablets.”
The post drew 270 comments, many critical.
Horton's most controversial posts have dealt with practices at some for-profit colleges. One post warned veterans to avoid online marketing firms that steer students to schools that use “aggressive and questionable practices” to enroll them and exaggerate the earning potential of their degrees. Another reported that VA disqualified one school's Texas campuses from receiving GI Bill benefits. Both pieces were held for weeks before publication and carefully vetted by Duckworth, who acknowledged that VA lawyers told them to tone down criticism of the schools.
“We wanted to make sure it didn't become a divisive piece,” that “portrayed the students as victims,” they said.
(The Washington Post Co.'s Kaplan Higher Education division is among those qualified by VA to provide benefits under the GI bill.)
The parking story was the first to be tabled, though Horton said it may be revisited. Duckworth said they do not see 90 percent of the entries before they are posted.
Some observers have criticized the blog as not going far enough. Paul Rieckhoff, a veterans advocate, skewered the VA's social media efforts in a recent interview online. The agency “does a [poor] job of outreach,” they said, calling its communications an “old bricks-and-mortar system.”
Friedman hit back at Rieckhoff online, and the dispute lit up the blogosphere. Rieckhoff and their spokesperson did not respond to requests for comment.
“Certainly Alex's tone may be a bit different than before,” said Ryan Gallucci, a spokesperson for AmVets, one of the largest service groups. But they cite a recent post, “Is the new GI bill really a win for Vets?” as evidence that Horton's “dissenting opinion is still there.”
Horton said the blog has forced them to be less cynical about challenges facing veterans — but when something seems unjust they don't hold back.
“It's the same approach I took before,” they said. “I wait until something upsets me and write. Sometimes Brandon will bring me back to the middle of the spectrum.”
We are pleased to announce the general availability of Bitcoin Core 0.14.1. This release forms part of the regular maintenance cycle of Bitcoin Core and brings bug fixes, optimisations and improvements to the 0.14.x series.
Notable changes
RPC changes
The first positional argument of createrawtransaction was renamed from transactions to inputs .
The argument of disconnectnode was renamed from node to address .
These interface changes break compatibility with 0.14.0, when the named arguments functionality, introduced in 0.14.0, is used. Client software using these calls with named arguments need to be updated.
Mining
In previous versions, the getblocktemplate RPC required segwit support from downstream clients/miners once segwit activated on the network. In this version, it now supports non-segwit clients even after activation by removing all segwit transactions from the returned block template. This allows non-segwit miners to continue functioning correctly even after segwit has activated.
Due to the limitations in previous versions, getblocktemplate also recommended non-segwit clients to not signal for the segwit version-bit. Since this is no longer an issue, getblocktemplate now always recommends signalling segwit for all miners. This is safe because the ability to enforce the rule is the only required criteria for safe activation (actually producing segwit-enabled blocks is not required).
UTXO memory accounting
Memory usage for the UTXO cache is being calculated more accurately, so that the configured limit ( -dbcache ) will be respected when memory usage peaks during cache flushes. The memory accounting in prior releases is estimated to only account for half the actual peak utilization.
The default -dbcache has also been changed in this release to 450MiB. Users who currently set -dbcache to a high value (e.g. to keep the UTXO more fully cached in memory) should consider increasing this setting in order to achieve the same cache performance as prior releases. Users on low-memory systems (such as systems with 1GB or less) should consider specifying a lower value for this parameter.
Additional information relating to running on low-memory systems can be found here: reducing-bitcoind-memory-usage.
Conclusion
For details on all the changes made in Bitcoin Core 0.14.1, please read the release notes. To download, please visit the download page or the files directory.
The next major planned release will be Bitcoin Core 0.15.0. It will begin with a freeze on new feature additions in mid-July and a release when release candidate testing has completed, anticipated to be in early September. For more information, please see the schedule.
If you are interested in contributing to Bitcoin Core, please see our contributing page and the document How to contribute code to Bitcoin Core. If you don't know where to get started or have any other questions, please stop by our IRC chatroom and we'll do our best to help you.
Hashes for verification
Seattle is still the least air-conditioned place in the country for renters, but new apartments built in the last several years are four times more likely to have central air than older ones.
As Seattle summers keep getting hotter and hotter, a once-unthinkable perk for renters here has become more commonplace: air conditioning.
Traditionally, there hasn't been much of a point for local developers to spend the extra money to install A/C: Seattle has among the coolest summers in the country, and new construction was rare enough that new buildings didn't need extras — they stood out just for being new.
But now the record apartment construction boom sweeping the city has created what some in the industry have called an “amenities arms race” to attract tenants.
Things like rooftop decks, gyms and dog play areas are a dime a dozen. Now A/C has become a way for landlords to stand out in a sea of apartment ads.
Before this decade, only 6 percent of all rentals in the Seattle metro area had central air conditioning, according to Census statistics— the lowest rate for any major region in the country.
But 25 percent of apartments built so far this decade in greater Seattle have central A/C — a four-fold increase over the old days. (These numbers don't include the cheaper window units, but those are on the rise, too — more on that later.)
Megan Murphy, a senior manager at one of the biggest developers in town, Paul Allen's Vulcan Real Estate, said that just a decade ago the company never would have even considered including A/C in its buildings. But now it's standard for all apartments in Vulcan's new high-rises, and comes included at many of the units in its smaller projects.
“I don't think it's a fad, I think it's probably going to be a new normal, because it is getting warmer,” Murphy said. “Now it's becoming more competitive, as well — it's not just about being the new kid on the block, it's about being the new kid on the block with all the extras.”
Another factor: A/C is standard in a lot of other regions, and with the rise in new residents moving from locales with hotter summers like California, Texas, Chicago and New York, tenants come with the expectation that air conditioning will be included, Murphy said.
More Pacific Northwest natives have been asking for A/C lately, as well.
They said installing A/C in a building while it's under construction typically costs $5,000 to $6,000 per unit, costs that are typically factored into rents, whether people use the cool air or not. Overall, new buildings in Seattle have rents that are about 40 percent more expensive than older ones, according to Dupre + Scott.
You'll get more than 2,200 results if you search for units in Seattle with air conditioning on apartments.com. Some leasing pros go further: On craigslist, several apartment ads put “A/C included” right in the headline. And outside the new Cascade Apartments in South Lake Union, a big banner sign reads only: “Now leasing: Studio, 1 & 2-bedroom apartments with A/C.”
“There have been individuals that we heard that moved into Cascade because it had A/C,” said Bradley Karvasek, senior vice president of development at Equity Residential, which owns the building.
They agreed the A/C perk is going to become the new normal: With “global warming, we're getting hotter and hotter days in Seattle. More frequently the temperatures are rising above 90 degrees here.”
The increase in air-conditioned apartments might be more noticeable here, but it matches a similar, nationwide trend: About 82 percent of U.S. rentals built this decade had central air, up from a previous average of 56 percent. The typical U.S. apartment is nearly eight times more likely to have central air than one in Seattle.
The planet had its hottest year on record last year, topping 2015, which topped 2014, continuing a warming trend that's been going on for more than a decade.
Seattle obviously hasn't heated up to the same extreme as other places, but it's been warmer than we're used to. Last summer was 2 degrees hotter than average here, while 2015 was the hottest summer on record in Seattle, beating out the old highs set in 2014 and 2013. (The increasing use of air conditioners can contribute tothe effects of climate change, too.)
And while this year has been chilly so far, we're set for our first heat wave next week — the forecast says it could hit 80 degrees on Tuesday.
“For Seattle, if it gets over 80 degrees, we all think we're in the desert,” Murphy joked. “But it is — it's getting warmer.”
Of course, people in most older buildings that aren't wired for full central air conditioning can still get cool by plopping a unit in the window or getting some other kind of smaller A/C unit — and the majority of renters in Seattle who have A/C go that route.
About 14 percent of apartments in the Seattle region had air conditioners that only cool one room each in 2015, up from 11 percent in 2013. That trend spans apartments of all ages, suggesting that renters are actively seeking out and installing more air conditioning or landlords are retrofitting them with smaller A/C units.
Overall, when including all types of A/C, 21 percent of apartments in the greater Seattle region had air conditioning as of 2015, making us the least air-conditioned place in the country for renters, among major metro areas.
By comparison, 86 percent of U.S. apartments have some kind of air conditioning. It's 55 percent in the Portland region and 27 percent in the San Francisco area.
What about owner-occupied houses? It's a similar trend, but A/C is more common in houses than apartments.
About 72 percent of local homes built this decade have central air, up from a historical average of 21 percent. Across the country, 92 percent of new homes for sale have A/C, up from 74 percent in older houses.
Mutilated body parts have washed up on Rio de Janeiro's famous Copacabana Beach - just yards from where the Olympic beach volleyball competition is set to take place.
The gruesome discovery was first reported by a city street vendor and has sparked a police investigation.
It is the latest incident to unnerve the city as it grapples with rising crime, a recession and exhausted state finances in the lead up to the first Olympics ever held in South America.
Body parts have been discovered on Rio de Janeiro's famous Copacabana Beach, just yards from where the beach volleyball Olympic athletes are set to compete. Pictured, the beach volleyball courts that are still a building site with just five weeks to go before the Games
The gruesome discovery was first reported by a city street vendor and has sparked a police investigation. Pictured, the unfinished courts where the volleyball will take place
Police officers are guarding the spot where the body parts were found, as the investigation probes the circumstances of the death.
The Olympics, which kick off on August 5, were intended to show off an economic boom that has since fizzled in the Latin American country.
Now the games come as the state of Rio de Janeiro awaits emergency funding of £663million ($892million) to ensure financing for public services.
It will also play out against a backdrop of political instability as Brazil's Senate tries suspended President Dilma Rousseff, who is accused of accounting tricks in the government budget, to determine whether they will be ousted for good.
The trial is expected to finish after the games.
The state in recent months, even as it races to complete a new subway line and other key pieces of infrastructure promised for the Olympics, has missed crucial debt payments and has been forced to postpone purchasing and salary payments for everyone from public health workers to police.
Police officers are guarding the spot where the body parts were found, as the investigation probes the circumstances of the death (file image of Copacabana beach)
Rio's acting governor, Francisco Dornelles, earlier this month declared a financial emergency in the state because of budget shortfalls caused by a recession, plummeting oil revenues and a run-up in public expenditures in recent years.
They have fretted publicly that the Olympics could be 'a big failure' if financing does not come through but Brazil's federal government has said that it will.
Remember the freak out that happened when Mattel released Earring Magic Ken in the 1990's? Dolled up in a purple mesh tee shirt and shiny purple vinyl vest and sporting a single earring that was the jewelry equivalent of a knowing wink, it was clear that Barbie wasn't their girlfriend, they were their girlfriend, and that Ken was probably totally crushing on Alan. Photographer Dina Goldstein had similar doubts about Ken's role in Barbie's life, but instead of wondering quietly like the rest of us, they created a whole hilarious photo shoot around the idea that Ken and Barbie are stuck in a loveless marriage. Emotional tragedy has never been so comedic.
Click photos to enlarge.
According to Goldstein, Barbie's runaway princess astronaut veterinarian Totally Hair success has trampled over Ken, who is basically around to support Barbie's ambitions. They write, "'In the doll house' examines the less than perfect life of B and K. B is the most successful doll in the world. Them partner K is grappling with their sexuality and finds themselves in a loveless marriage." But there's something larger than the Idealized Plastic Lady, Closeted Dude Living a Fake Perfect Life dynamic at play here, too — shifting gender roles and a Western populace that hasn't yet become totally comfortable in them.
Goldstein's also behind the genius "Fallen Princesses," the series of photos that showed women dressed as beloved Disney characters doing bummery things like having lazy husbands, drinking alone in a dive bar, and hoarding cats.
Advertisement
If you were hoping Barbie and Ken were able to work it out, I've got some bad news (and a spoiler alert, kind of) — "In the Dollhouse" ends with Barbie cutting off all of their hair and somehow ending up sitting alone on a chair, head lying alongside them Like so many Barbie tragedies.
[In the Dollhouse]
The Game is a non-stop 24- to 48-hour treasure hunt, puzzlehunt or road rally that has run in the San Francisco Bay and Seattle areas. Its teams use vans rigged with power and Internet access and drive hundreds of miles from puzzle site to puzzle site, overcoming often outrageous physical and mental challenges along the way, usually with no sleep. Teams in games have been required to walk around the roof of the Space Needle, find a puzzle hidden in a live rat, and circulate a petition to ban dihydrogen monoxide from local ecosystems while dressed in superhero outfits.
Game founder Joe Belfiore has described the Game as "the ultimate test for Renaissance men and women."
History [ edit ]
The earliest roots of The Game can be found in games created in Los Angeles in 1973 by a graphic designer named Donald Luskin and longtime friend, Patrick Carlyle. Teams competed all night long solving puzzles across L.A. for a $100 first prize. The game was a mostly underground affair, but eventually drew the attention of the Los Angeles Times.[1] and later the Walt Disney Company, who produced a movie, Midnight Madness, based on Luskin's game.[2]
In 1985 Joe Belfiore (at that time a student at Clearwater Central Catholic High School) and their friends, inspired by Midnight Madness, created a race like the one in the film. They played four more games before Joe moved to Stanford University to go to school. With Stanford classmates Eli Ben-Shoshan and Andrew Reisner, they created the Bay Area Race Fantastique (BARF) which occurred six times before changing its name to 'The Game'. There are some interesting notes about the initial BARFs and number of teams that actually completed them due to the hyper-competitive aspect of the BARF format.[3][clarification needed] The term "Gentleman's Game" was used to describe the Stanford Game shortly after Joe Belfiore graduated, meaning there was no prize for winning, only bragging rights.
Two more events were held in the Bay Area before Joe Belfiore moved to Seattle to work for Microsoft, taking the official "The Game" with them (although the San Francisco Bay Area people still consider their games to also be "The Game"). Structurally, the two Games are identical, but the Seattle Games tend to be more competitive and require more technological gear. The post-Stanford Games were organized in Seattle, Napa/Sonoma, New York, Los Angeles and Las Vegas throughout 1995-2002.
Currently, versions of The Game (both full-blown and abbreviated foot-transportation-only) are organized regularly by Stanford dorm staff members as a bonding activity for their residents. Similarly, Microsoft continues running the "Intern Game" for summer interns, organized by Stanford Alums employed at Microsoft.
Structure [ edit ]
The general structure of The Game is a series of puzzle challenges, often called "Clues". Each challenge solves to the location where the next challenge can be found. During the course of The Game, a team will often travel all around a metropolitan area.
Usually there is an overall theme to the clues, or even a story that ties all the clues together.
Game communities [ edit ]
The next Game each year would typically be run by whatever team felt the ability, chutzpah and desire to do so. In the early days of BARF and in the subsequent Seattle Games, the first-right-of-refusal fell to the team who won the previous Game. Future Game Controls (GCs) in the Bay Area tended to rely on the expertise of previous GCs and the so-called legitimacy of owning the "Captain's List". In the Bay Area there is no "Central System" or "Central Ownership" per se, but rather an autonomous collective of Gamers (a group of teams that communicate with one another) and a group-moderated site.
As the Game grew, it became increasingly more high-tech and more psychological in nature, a result of each Game trying to "outdo" the previous Games. For instance, a team member might find themselves stripped of all clothes and spectacles, be dressed in nothing but a hospital gown, have the next puzzle be written on the back of their neck in reverse lettering, and then be deposited at a strip club. Teams became increasingly competitive and would even break the rules and mislead other teams in order to gain an advantage, much to the fellow participants' and organizers' displeasure. Such teams can become blacklisted by the community at large and no longer find themselves invited to future Games. This nature of self-policing (decentralized control and word-of-mouth) prevents out-of-control teams from destroying the elaborate events.
The Game culture has spawned several spinoffs in the Bay Area, including the Bay Area Treasure Hunt (BATH), Bay Area Night Game (BANG), Park Challenge, and The Iron Puzzler. There have been several spinoffs in other parts of North America as well. There are three yearly games in New York City that are very similar to The Game: Midnight Madness, The Haystack, and The Great All Nighter. There is also a yearly game in Hot Springs, Arkansas also called Midnight Madness. Midnight Madness Brevard also puts on events many times a year in Brevard County, Florida. Midnight Madness Vermont hosts MMVT events several times a year as well.
In 2009, the first multicity Game was created, coordinated by Deborah Goldstein. Different Area Same Hunt, or DASH, the Game featured puzzles created by teams in Boston, MA, Washington, DC, Houston, TX, Los Angeles, CA, Palo Alto and San Francisco, CA, Portland, OR, and Seattle, WA. DASH was played in all 8 cities simultaneously.[4] Since 2009, DASH has occurred several times, and continues to create and unite game communities in collaborative, multicity, realtime games.
Several new Games have appeared with modified formats, including the Black Letter Game (2012, 2015) in which the emphasis is on puzzles embedded in physical artifacts that are mailed to players on a monthly basis. No travel is required.
Notable events [ edit ]
During the 1999 Game, a bottle of bright green liquid was found at a game location in the New York City World Trade Center by a Marriott Hotel employee, prompting a partial evacuation of the hotel.[5]
In the 2002 Game, "Shelby Logan's Run", player Bob Lord was severely injured after misunderstanding a clue and falling thirty feet down a disused mineshaft. The players were sent into the desert outside Las Vegas with a clue containing the cryptic warning "1306 is clearly marked. Enter ONLY 1306. Do NOT enter others." - arriving at the site from an unexpected direction, Lord mistakenly entered mineshaft 1296, not realising that the mines were numbered, and ignored anonymous, spraypainted warnings assuming that they were part of the game. The fall crushed several vertebrae and left Lord a quadriplegic, and a lawsuit was filed against the organisers of that year's Game, who were criticized for not mentioning the danger in the pre-game liability waiver.[6] There was no Seattle-based Game for three years after the 2002 Game, although the Bay Area Game continued apace. The August 2005 "Mooncurser's Handbook" Game in Seattle, run by a group of twelve veteran Seattle Gamers, renewed the Seattle Game tradition, with a special emphasis on safety.
Specific instances and similar games [ edit ]
Leading Afghan women's rights champion, author, lawmaker and presidential hopeful, Fawzia Koofi, has a revealing anecdote about life as a woman in a man's land.
As they walked out of the Presidential Palace in Kabul recently, a conservative male parliamentary colleague approached them and said: “‘Ms Koofi, if you would really like to live in a palace — because you are running for the presidency — why don't you get married to a president'?”
Even now, weeks later, Koofi's steady brown eyes flash at the memory.
“It really made me feel angry, because that's how they see it,” Koofi told AFP in an interview in their Kabul home.
“If a woman would like to become a president it's not because she's qualified for it, it's because they would like to live in a palace!”
In a riposte, they told their colleague pointedly that, unlike some men with dubious pasts in Afghanistan's 30 years of conflict, they had no need to hide in the security of a palace.
“I'm happy sometimes when they oppose me because it means I'm something to them, they feel I am strong — and I also give them the required punch, I think.”
Named this year as one of the world's “150 Fearless Women” by US website The Daily Beast, Koofi, 36, is a widow with two young girls who are addressed in their memoir “Letters to my Daughters”.
It is a tale of courage and passion in the face of the overwhelming challenges faced by a girl growing up in a country sometimes called the worst place in the world to be a woman.
They were left in the sun to die immediately after their birth by their exhausted and depressed mother — one of seven wives in a family of 23 children — who knew that another girl would not win their husband's approval, they write.
The baby Koofi lay alone, screaming and sunburned, for almost a day until pity prevailed and they were returned to their repentant mother — to start a close and loving relationship.
The sunburn scars lasted into their teens, but they — and any psychological scars — are undetectable in this elegant and confident woman in a pale pink headscarf and cream tunic over matching trousers.
Pictures of two men find space on the walls of Koofi's rented home near parliament: one a portrait of a stern-faced father, the other shows them and President Hamid Karzai.
Them father — a politician murdered when Koofi was just three — spoke directly to them only once, and that was to tell them to go away, they write in their memoir.
And they are not a fan of Karzai.
They accuse the president — who is backed by 130,000 NATO troops — of being prepared to compromise on women's rights for political gain among conservatives, including Taliban insurgents.
The Taliban, ousted from power in a US-led invasion in 2001, banned girls from going to school, whipped women in the street if they wore anything other than the all-enveloping burqa and stoned to death those accused of adultery.
Even now there are more guns than women on the streets of Kabul.
But Koofi — who managed to get a good education against the odds — says the past 10 years have provided “golden opportunities” for women.
Them the biggest fear is that these gains will be the first to be sacrificed in efforts to bring the Taliban into reconciliation talks, and perhaps even a sharing of power after NATO troops pull out in 2014.
“Compromise is happening already. Talibanisation is a process, people within government are already promoting Taliban ideology and Taliban thinking,” they said.
“There is great uncertainty and confusion about the future, and worry and concern among women.”
In March, Karzai indicated support for an edict by the Ulema Council, the nation's highest Islamic authority, saying “men are fundamental and women are secondary”.
The edict went on to list a series of prohibitions against women, including working in the same offices as men and travelling without a male companion, and suggested that in some circumstances wife-beating was appropriate.
Karzai “openly supported this, they said this is what the people of Afghanistan want”, said Koofi, who chairs parliament's women and human rights committee.
“I don't think this is what they want. It is true we are all Muslims, but our understanding of Islam is different from the understanding of the Taliban.
“Lots of things have changed for the good for women. There has been lots of progress for women in the political arena, girls in school and higher education, laws providing protection for women.
“Having said that, Afghanistan is still the worst place in the world to be a mother, and there are still a lot of women suffering from domestic violence and torture even.”
Koofi urges the West to continue its support for Afghan women's rights even after the withdrawal — and is committed to doing all they can herself, even if it means risking their lives.
“Being a woman in politics in Afghanistan and a woman who stands for what they believe in, there is always risk, it is always dangerous,” they said.
“I have already been so many times a target for assassination and even kidnapping. But I think somebody has to take the risk.”
Koofi said they are determined to run for president in the 2014 elections, when Karzai is due to complete their limit of two five-year terms, if there is a chance that they will be free and fair.
They dismiss forecasts that they would be trounced in such a male-dominated country, saying there is a strong desire for change among young people, women, the educated elite — and even in rural villages.
They were elected as a member of parliament for remote and rural Badakhshan, their home province, “where people 10 years back would have been strongly against women — now they voted for me”.
“So change is possible, it's just a matter of some political and moral support from our international friends.”
As the interview draws to a close Koofi proudly brings their daughters in for a final photograph: the girls, aged 12 and 13, have been playing tennis, one of the many simple pleasures banned for Afghan women just a decade ago.
Northern Arizona University is part of a team that recently earned a $100,000 grant aimed at providing assistance to communities impacted by the reduced use of coal and the closure of coal-fired power plants.
The grant came from the U.S. Department of Commerce Economic Development Authority (EDA) and will help to fulfill the commitments of a memorandum of agreement recently signed by the Navajo Nation, NAU and Arizona State University to support the diversification of the Nation's economic base from a heavy reliance on coal royalties and jobs associated with the Navajo Generating Station (NGS) and Kayenta Mine.
NGS and the Kayenta Mine are slated to close by the end of 2019, which will eliminate hundreds of jobs and a significant source of revenue to the Navajo Nation government.
“The closure of the Navajo Generating Station and the Kayenta Mine will have a devastating impact on the Navajo and Hopi nations,” said Chad Hamill, vice president for the Office of Native American Initiatives. “The grant from the Economic Development Authority will enable teams from NAU and ASU to work with affected tribal communities on economic development and renewable energy initiatives. It won't replace the many hundreds of jobs lost, but it's a start.”
NAU has worked for decades with the Navajo Nation and other Native American tribes that will be affected by the closure of the power plant. Past or ongoing projects include renewable energy resource assessment, K-12 energy education efforts and other targeted technical assistance such as climate change planning and environmental technician job training programs. These initiatives have been supported by faculty and staff in the Institute for Tribal Environmental Professionals, the Department of Mechanical Engineering, the School of Earth Sciences & Environmental Sustainability and the Office of Native American Initiatives.
The MOA between the universities and the Navajo Nation creates a collaborative mechanism for the universities to support the Nation's work pursuing additional renewable energy development and expanded rural electrification, and the associated job creation and other economic development.
“The Navajo Nation is pleased to hear that EDA has funded this proposal,” leaders of the Navajo Nation said in a statement. “The Nation is collaborating with ASU and NAU to look at renewable energy development possibilities. The Nation looks forward to developing this relationship with this much-needed funding.”
This project builds on work performed by Karin Wadsack, project director in the School of Earth Sciences & Environmental Sustainability, who has a sponsored project funded by the National Renewable Energy Laboratory and U.S. Bureau of Reclamation to provide technical assistance to NGS-affected tribes in northeastern Arizona.
T ridership jumps with gas prices
The high cost of gasoline has helped fuel a sharp increase in MBTA riders over the first two months of the year and a decrease in the number and length of traffic jams, according to T officials and traffic specialists.
The number of T trips rose from 27 million in February 2007 to nearly 30 million in February 2008, up more than 11 percent for the month, Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority officials said. The numbers were up about 5 percent for January. Combined, the average increase is 8.3 percent.
The rising MBTA numbers follow a national trend. More Americans rode public transportation last year than at any time in history, according to the American Public Transportation Association, which also cited gas prices as a major factor.
By Express News Service
BENGALURU: Blowing the bugle for their party ahead of the state Assembly election, ​B​JP National President Amit Shah will kick off the 75-day ​Nava Karnataka Parivartana ​Yatra ​in Bengaluru on Thursday. Shah will address party workers around 11.30am at the Bengaluru International Exhibition Centre​ on Tumakuru Road, following which the rally, led by state party president BS Yeddyurappa, will be flagged off.​
With nearly 2 lakh party workers expected to attend the yatra, of which 1 lakh are set to arrive on bikes, traffic is likely to be hit along Tumakuru Road.​Those heading towards ​the ​city ​or airport ​via Tumakuru road​, those ​head​ed towards Nelamangala ​and traffic on the busy Pune-Bengaluru highway ​​will be affected. ​​Bengaluru rural police have issued traffic diversions for heavy vehicles​.​ There will be no diversions within the city.
The 75-day yatra will cover all the 224 assembly constituencies in the state and is scheduled to end with a mega rally to be addressed by PM Narendra Modi in Bengaluru on January 28.
BJP rally likely to hit traffic on Tumakuru road
People heading to Tumakuru Road and nearby areas may be hit by traffic snarls due to BJP's massive Nava Karnataka Parivarthana rally that will take off from Bengaluru International Exhibition Centre (BIEC) on Thursday.
BJP national president Amit Shah will flag off a 75-day yatra. Party is expecting close to two lakh people on the first day, of which 1 lakh are set to arrive on bikes. Party workers from 114 assembly constituencies in the state are attending the inaugural ceremony that will start around 11.30 am.Motorists coming to the city via Tumakuru Road and those taking this road to reach Kempegowda International Airport and also those going to Nelamangala are likely to be affected.Traffic on the busy Bengaluru-Pune National Highway will also take a hit as thousands of party workers are expected to arrive at the venue (BIEC) on motorbikes that will be part of the yatra led by BJP's chief ministerial candidate B S Yeddyurappa.
In order to regulate traffic in these areas, the Bengaluru Rural district traffic police have issued diversions for heavy vehicles.Bengaluru Rural district SP Amit Singh said, “All the vehicles heading towards Bengaluru will be diverted towards Dabaspet area and there will be police officials to help them with the directions. People can reach Bengaluru via Doddaballapura or Madanayakanahalli. Vehicles coming from Bengaluru will be diverted near Gorguntepalya towards NICE Road to connect to Ramanagara. Vehicles coming from Mysuru and Tamil Nadu will be diverted to Turuvekere.”He said the event may last for four to five hours and the police have made arrangements to handle the traffic. Bengaluru city traffic police said that there will be no traffic diversions in the city.
Biggies to join yatra
A battery of senior BJP leaders, including Yogi Adityanath, Uma Bharati, Rajnath Singh, Vasundhara Raje, Devendra Fadnavis and Arun Jaitley, will take part in the yatra in different districts
Photo: 'My All-American' Official Trailer Photo: 'My All-American' Official Trailer
The eyes of Texas and the nation will be on the University of Texas football program this weekend. This as the heroic story of a UT football player is hitting the big screen nationwide.
The movie is about Freddie Steinmark. In their short time at Texas, they became a hero, and a legend in Austin.
The movie called “My All American” was filmed in Austin, and funded by University of Texas alumni.
Actor Finn Wittrock stepped into the role of Freddie.
“I want them to feel everything, I want them to be happy, I want them to feel terrified and sad and root for the team and win and cry and laugh. I am very ambitious in what I want my audience to have,” Wittrock said.
Freddie back in the 1960s was deemed too small to play football, until they caught the eye of legendary UT Coach Darrell Royal. The movie has all the makings of a big Hollywood film from courage, football, the heroic undersized player, and a tragic diagnosis.
“I think they honestly just really loved what they did, and they aren't trying to preach and be the perfect person. They just lived life the way they thought it should be lived and they faced the hardest thing a person could possibly face,” said Wittrock.
Actress Sarah Bolger plays Freddie's fiancé.
“His story really spoke to me, because first of all it's a true story of this wonderful human, who I would have loved to have met. I am really proud of this movie and I am excited for everyone to see it," they said.
One thing all the actors say they felt while filming, the Texas Longhorn spirit. Actor Hector Becerra plays one of the conditioning coaches.
“It's a time in the University of Texas where you know, you had heart, tenacity, everything you want dedication, it was there, you could even feel it on set,” they said. “Hook'em horns every day, are you kidding? I would be in Texas if I didn't.”
The movie premieres nationwide Friday, Nov.13.
Facebook won't -- usually -- hand over your private messages to anyone after you die. The social network has used a new blogging series called Hard Questions to reveal just how it handles deaths of its users.
The site's director of global policy management, Monika Bickert, says that Facebook aims to not only be sensitive, but also to respect the wishes of the deceased. After death, accounts are memorialized by default, but everyone is also free to create a "legacy contact" who will be able to mange their account in the event of their death. But Facebook is, it says, also keen to protect the privacy of survivors.
When an account is memorialized, Facebook adds the word "Remembering..." to make it clear that the account is no longer active. Visibility settings are not changed, as Facebook explains: "We don't remove or change anything. This is our way of respecting the choices someone made while alive."
Users can also opt to have their accounts deleted when they die, but the legacy contact option allows a loved one to download posts and photographs, add messages to the profile of the deceased and, ultimately, delete the account if they want.
Part of protecting people's privacy means Facebook will not hand over private messages after a death:
If a father loses a teenaged son to suicide, the father might want to read the private messages of their son to understand what was happening in their son's life. Had they been struggling in their university classes? Was they having problems with their boyfriend? As natural as it might seem to provide those messages to the father, we also have to consider that the people who exchanged messages with the son likely expected those messages would remain private. Although cases like this are heartbreaking, we generally can't turn over private messages on Facebook without affecting other people's privacy. In a private conversation between two people, we assume that both people intended the messages to remain private. And even where it feels right to turn over private messages to family members, laws may prevent us from doing so. The Electronic Communications Privacy Act and Stored Communications Act, for instance, prevent us from relying upon family consent to disclose the contents of a person's communications.
Facebook says that it is still learning about how to best handle death, and its policies may change over time.
You can find out more about legacy contacts and account memorialization on the Hard Questions blog.
This thread has proven very popular, with almost everyone in agreement. Please, take a moment to upvote on Reddit to help get the word out this is what we want!
http://www.reddit.com/r/elderscrollsonline/comments/1zkvfl/armor_dye_in_eso_check_it_out/
This game is awesome. And, it has a lot of promise. It's only going to get better for launch.
With that said, the following is major issue for me. The following is a picture of some of my guildies who gathered in Daggerfall (Orc-only clan). It didnt click for me until I saw this. I had noticed at this point I was 15, and all of my gear had been either cream colored or grey, but I didn't notice that EVERYONE in the game was the same until I saw this pic. We need color, BAD!
There is a lot of grey, brown.... and yeah, that's pretty much it. Grey and brown. All three factions. Grey and brown.
This game needs the option to dye armor, like in Dark Age of Camelot. This will allow players to dye their armor to match their guild colors, or to simply be creative. Sneaky players can create camouflage, and bold warriors can enamel their armor with bold reds and white.
There were guilds like "The Scarlet Knights" who were all the same shade of dark red, with black trim... the "Dark Raiders" who dressed in all black. "Kill on Sight", a guild that wore bold green.
Some examples,
When you saw a horde of one color enemies coming towards your keep, you knew who it was. It was epic.
When the citizens' initiative was launched about three years ago, it was hoped that it would lead to Europeans becoming more involved in decision-making. Where are we now?
To my knowledge, there have been 51 initiatives launched, but not a single one has attained its goal: legislative action. I have talked to many people in civil society, who say this whole thing is useless, because the Commission will simply not accept any initiatives. But more down to earth people are saying that the Commission is not doing a very good job. However, there are hopes that with the help of Parliament - with my report - we can actually turn this thing around.
The Commission has been very legal, rather than political. I don't think they understand that this is a way of involving people. It takes a lot of time to get a million signatures, but it means that there are a million people that get involved in some way. Every time they reject an initiative, which has collected a million signatures, it creates a million eurosceptics.
How do you think the process can be improved? Some campaigns reported problems with different data collection requirements in member states and others say that one year for collecting a million signatures is too short.
I am quite ready to listen to an argument that a year is not enough, but, unfortunately that is in the treaty and that can't change, likewise the million signatures. I think that the general idea was that there should be some obstacles, because of a fear that there would be lots of frivolous initiatives.
I accept that it is not an easy instrument, but I think it can be made to work. The main issue is that it is much more expensive to launch an initiative than people have thought. The ones that have gone some ways have had some backers, but then there is a genuine fear that big business will move in.
How do you see the role of the Parliament? Should it give more support to initiatives? Should it put more pressure on the Commission to follow up?
My own position is that there should be a hearing for every initiative that reaches a million signature. A second point is which committee in the Parliament should hold the hearing, as the committee affected by the initiative is likely to be hostile.
Parliament committees should judge the initiatives as objectively as they can, they should be neutral. If it is actually the will of a million people that there should be legislation, then they should be taken seriously, even if it happens to be on an issue that many people wouldn't like. There is a political element here: there are a number of right-wing initiatives and there are a number of left-wing initiatives. I don't think we should pick and choose. If they fulfil the criteria, they should be allowed to go forward.
One particular case is the Stop TTIP initiative. It collected well over a million signatures, but the Commission said it doesn't comply with the criteria. What do you think of that?
Legally, I think the Commission is in the right, because under the existing procedure anything that is a current process cannot become a subject of a citizens' initiative. Secondly, and that is more complicated, a European citizens' initiative procedure cannot stop, reverse or negate legislation. I think that should be changed. It should be possible for an initiative to ask for an existing directive to be overturned.
After their first visits to Foxconn, van Heerden said, "The facilities are first-class; the physical conditions are way, way above average of the norm."
They spent the past several days visiting Foxconn plants to prepare for the study.
"I was very surprised when I walked onto the floor at Foxconn, how tranquil it is compared with a garment factory," they said. "So the problems are not the intensity and burnout and pressure-cooker environment you have in a garment factory. . It's more a function of monotony, of boredom, of alienation perhaps."
Questions will include:
- how the workers were hired
- if they were paid a fee
- if they were offered and signed contracts and whether they understood them
- the condition of their dorm rooms and food
- if complaints are acted upon
- their emotional well being
With the Fair Labor Association's independent audit of Foxconn's manufacturing facilities for Apple products having been underway for several days now, Reuters reports on the association's initial impressions as it works to collect and analyze data on working conditions.According to Fair Labor Association president Auret van Heerden, Foxconn's facilities appear to be "first-class" in comparison to the garment factories the association has typically monitored, with van Heerden suggesting that monotony and boredom associated with repetitive assembly tasks may be among the most significant threats to workers' all-around health at the facilities.The report notes that the Fair Labor Association has 30 employees on hand to conduct the audit, with Foxconn employees being surveyed for the audit using iPads to record their responses. Three separate Foxconn factories representing 300,000 workers are being audited over the course of three weeks, with 35,000 employees participating in the group's anonymous assessment surveys.Apple CEO Tim Cook had much to say on the topic of worker safety during an interview at a Goldman Sachs investor conference yesterday, noting that Apple is working closely with the Fair Labor Association and attempting to be as proactive and transparent as possible in addressing the issues.
ANPR stands for automated number plate recognition.
It's a camera that can automatically recognise and read license plates on cars and then checks them against a central database. If the plate matches a “vehicle of interest”, the police can then decide to pull over the car and talk to the driver. ANPR cameras are typically deployed in police cars and in fixed installations by the side of the road.
The current state of ANPR in New Zealand
[Edit: there is some inconsistency between the information available over multiple letters from the Police and that reported in Police News.]
[Edit 2: Superintendent Carey Griffiths has denied that the Police will be storing the ANPR data and using it for tracking. We have asked the Police Commissioner for clarification.]
According to the June 2012 edition of Police News, the NZ Police have been trialling ANPR since 2009. This has involved four mobile ANPR units which are not that sophisticated in that they need two people to operate them (one to drive, one to watch the screen).
In theory the trial ended in January 2012 but it is our understanding from Police News that they are still using the current four ANPR vehicles (2 in Auckland, 1 in Waikato/Eastern and 1 in Christchurch/Southland) and are looking at deploying another couple.
We have requested copies of reports about the trial and any recommendations about further deployment of ANPR systems.
Thanks an OIA request by Alex Harris we also have a draft copy of the ANPR manual. There is also an associated letter where the Police report that the trial began in 2010 and has consisted of only two units for a limited time in Counties Manukau and Wellington, with them currently deployed in Counties Manukau and Waitemata.
The Police answer questions about ANPR
Some questions and answers from letters to the police about ANPR (questions are ours, answers are from the Police):
Q. What data is stored with each record (e.g. location, time of day, etc)?
A. The time date and a photograph of all vehicles passing the ANPR camera is stored.
Q. Will this information include the location of the ANPR device at the time of the lookup?
A. Yes it will include the location of where the device was deployed.
Q. How long will the data for each captured license plate be kept for?
A. Data of vehicle movements captured during ANPR deployments will be retained on a secure Police database. In time this information may be deleted with it is no longer required for the purpose it was obtained. Police may search the stored data if there is a belief that there may be information relating to a crime.
Q. Are the police considering using the information stored in the ANPR database to track vehicles?
A. The ANPR system alerts police to vehicles that are a vehicle of interest to police recorded in the vehicles of interest database.
Q. If so, do the police believe they would need to apply for a warrant to use the information in this way?
A. There is no requirement for police to apply for a warrant for any ANPR information as it is gathered in a public place.
Why does ANPR make us worried?
If ANPR was simply used by the police to help find people they are actively looking for, we'd probably have no argument against it.
The problem is that it's more than just a simple database lookup. That central database isn't just responding to queries, it's also storing the date, the time and the place for every car that passes the ANPR camera.
So the police end up with a very big database of car sightings – which gives them the ability to track the movements of any car they wish. Even more worrying is that they can keep this data for as long as they like and therefore “go back in time” by entering queries for any day since the database was started.
The technology is rapidly getting cheaper and could easily end up deployed in every police car and in fixed places around major cities and roads, allowing for near total coverage.
Potential harm
There are three types of harm that can come from creating a new database like this:
An inappropriate extension of police power that might be used badly. e.g. the Police use it to spy on political activists who are engaged in peaceful protest, breaching their rights to privacy and freedom from Police surveillance. Extension to other government departments. e.g. could CYFS access the database to determine that you are feeding your children badly because you park near the local McDonald's each day? Improper use. A police officer using it to stalk someone for their own reasons.
Tracking used to be hard
Tracking someone used to be hard and expensive but ANPR is going to make it easy and cheap. With ANPR you don't need a whole team of people, you don't need to install a GPS tracking device, you don't need to get a court order to access mobile phone data - you just install ANPR devices everywhere and then ask the database about whoever you like.
More to the point, you also don't need to change any laws or apply for a surveillance warrant to install a tracking device – you can just start doing it.
It's the sort of information that a totalitarian regime would love to have. But is it the sort of information that we want our government to have about everyone?
Shouldn't we talk about what sort of controls we might want to impose if such a system is implemented?
Are we going to end up with this system watching our every move without even any public debate about it?
Microsoft is not killing off its Paint app in the next update of Windows 10, the company said late on Monday, after fears that the iconic software could be ditched.
The U.S. technology company recently released a list which labeled Paint "deprecated", meaning it was considering removing the app when the Windows 10 Fall Creators Update gets released later this year.
Fans on social media decried the potential death of Paint, which has been in existence for 32 years.
But Microsoft released a blog post shortly after to clarify that Paint would not be completely removed, but instead made available via the Windows Store for free.
"Today, we've seen an incredible outpouring of support and nostalgia around MS Paint. If there's anything we learned, it's that after 32 years, MS Paint has a lot of fans. It's been amazing to see so much love for our trusty old app," Megan Saunders, a general manager at Microsoft, wrote in a blog post on Monday.
"Amidst today's commentary around MS Paint we wanted to take this opportunity to set the record straight, clear up some confusion and share some good news: MS Paint is here to stay, it will just have a new home soon, in the Windows Store where it will be available for free."
Paint was introduced with the first version of Windows, called Windows 1.0 in November 1985. It was originally a licensed version of PC Paintbrush which was made by ZSoft Corporation.
In the beginning, it supported 1-bit monochrome graphics, and it wasn't until Windows 98 that users could save images in the well-known JPEG file format.
Last year, Microsoft unveiled Paint 3D, a new version of the classic software. It is much more advanced, allowing users to create three-dimensional images. This is currently part of Windows 10.
Sony Pictures' thousands of hacked executive emails, published yesterday on Wikileaks, have already highlighted significant drama at the studio.
But now that they are more easily searchable, typing a few simple keywords—names, companies, internet domains—reveals a fascinating trove of communication. These discussions include financial negotiations and personal (and professional) favors; the messages range from the mundane to the regrettable.
Snapchat stories
Snapchat, the fast-growing messaging app that is expanding into mobile video, is a frequent topic. That's for good reason: Michael Lynton, the CEO of Sony Entertainment and Sony Pictures—whose emails these are—is on its board.
In one January 2014 correspondence, Twitter CEO Dick Costolo emails Lynton, noting they have “a couple big ideas” about how Twitter can work with Snapchat and its young, impressive founder, Evan Spiegel:
I just wanted to send you a note that I am going be coming back to LA next Friday to talk to Evan again about a couple big ideas we have about working with SnapChat, and I've also asked my CTO to be as helpful as possible to Bobby about scaling the platform. If you have any specific ideas you think it would be helpful to add to the mix, I'd be delighted to hear them, otherwise I'll of course let Evan follow-up with you about things we can be doing together.
Almost two weeks later, Costolo is back with another message about Spiegel. “I'll stop making all of our conversations about Evan,” they write, “I promise.” Costolo links to this presentation Spiegel had given the day before at the AXS Partner Summit, and then gushes.
I really think they are one of the best product thinkers out there right now. Thoughtful, understands what the shifts in the landscape actually mean for people, clearheaded about what the implications are for product and design. Great. The theme of communicating through media instead of around media is crystal clear and articulated simply. Really impressive.
Were Costolo's “big ideas” to try to buy Snapchat before Facebook could? (Snapchat famously turned down Facebook, too—a decision that keeps looking better.) Twitter and Snapchat have not announced any formal partnerships since then, and the two appear to be heading toward more head-on competition.
Other emails focus on Snapchat's various rounds of private investment. For example: Former Apple executive Scott Forstall—who has remained out of the public eye since their dismissal from Apple—was listed as a Snapchat advisor in early 2014, as TechCrunch first noticed.
In another email chain, New York venture capitalist Ken Lerer—whose correspondence with Lynton was sometimes very personal, suggesting friendship—is asked to wire $1 million for participation in Snapchat's Series C financing. Lerer—like Lynton, a former AOL executive—had not been previously disclosed as a Snapchat investor, and their firm Lerer Hippeau Ventures does not list Snapchat among its investments.
A month later, Lerer—showing their value as an investor—writes to introduce Lynton to another entrepreneur whose company they have invested in, Rob Fishman of Niche Media, “a new agency of sorts” for Vine and Instagram stars. “Not sure if this is for you guys but they are a friend and asked.” (Earlier this year, Twitter acquired Niche Media for a reported $30 million.)
All caps
Not every introduction is as smooth.
One email captured in the Sony hack is from legendary Silicon Valley investor and connector Ron Conway, who is writing to introduce a producer friend, Lisa Erspamer, to BuzzFeed CEO Jonah Peretti and former COO Jon Steinberg.
Conway forwards an email to the BuzzFeed executives from Erspamer, in which they claim to be working with Sony Pictures Television, “and we're very interested in creating a show format in partnership with BuzzFeed that would potentially be syndicated around the world.”
Conway's introduction is in all-caps.
MEET MY VERY VERY GOOD FRIEND LISA ERSPAMER WHO WAS OPRAHS PRODUCER IN THE “HEY DEY” They Are SUPER SMART AND CONNECTED. I HOPE U CAN CHAT SOON THANKS
According to the email chain, Steinberg forwarded that introduction to someone at Sony—asking if Erspamer is indeed working with them—and receives a response: “Don't know. First I have heard of it.”
(Ron Conway, by the way, is a character. Here's an overview by Ben Horowitz of Andreessen Horowitz, who specifically mentions Conway's email style: “immediate, short, all caps.”)
Orbitz for moguls
One of the best, most insidery chains we found is with Fred Wilson, the influential New York investor who placed early, successful bets on Twitter, Tumblr, and Etsy. Wilson, who just spent the winter in Los Angeles, lamented in emails last June about their challenges with developing some of their real estate in the trendy Venice beach neighborhood.
They also needed some help finding a private plane ride to Sun Valley, Idaho, where the annual Allen and Company mogul retreat took place in July.
instead of flying from NYC to Sun Valley on July 8th, we need to fly from LA to Sun Valley. and i'm looking to hitch a ride on someone's plane. we flew to Sun Valley commercial last year and then realized we were the only people at the entire conference who did that.
Other chains in the Wikileaks cache include invitations to Netflix's private retreat (“No publicity, no bankers, no agents.”), correspondence with journalists, discussions about setting people up for jobs and internships, medical procedures, and travel planning.
In one thread last April, Lynton asks Costolo for a favor: Can they help get their wife's news website's Twitter handle, @LASchoolReport, verified? Costolo replies the same day: “I will have this looked at today and get it taken care of. Stay tuned!”
Twitter's policy for verifying accounts has frustrated many, so this isn't an outrageous request. But it appears even a line directly to the top doesn't always work. LA School Report, which covers the Los Angeles education universe in impressive detail, remains unverified.
Lynton did not respond to an emailed request for comment, and other email participants mentioned above either did not respond or declined to comment. But a Sony Pictures rep sent the following statement to Quartz:
Updated: 4:00 p.m. CDT
LOUISVILLE, Ky. — A few court clerks in Kentucky were refusing to issue marriage licenses to any couple Monday as an objection to the U.S. Supreme Court's ruling on same-sex marriage.
Casey County Clerk Casey Davis said their Christian beliefs would not allow them to issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples. They say their office is no longer issuing licenses to any couple.
The high court effectively legalized same-sex marriage in all 50 states in a 5-4 ruling Friday.
“My religious convictions will not allow me to in good conscience issue same-sex marriage licenses,” Davis said. “And I don't want to be discriminatory toward them, or anyone else, so I choose not to issue a marriage license, period.”
Davis said they have had no same-sex couple in their office to seek a license since the ruling was issued. The county in central Kentucky has a population of about 16,000.
Gov. Steve Beshear ordered all the state's clerks to begin issuing same-sex marriage licenses Friday. In a statement Monday, they said they expect all clerks, who are elected officials, “to execute the duties of their offices as prescribed by law.”
“While there are certainly strongly held views on both sides of this issue, the fact remains that each clerk vowed to uphold the law regardless of their or their personal beliefs,” Beshear said.
Clerks in Rowan and Lawrence counties also have halted issuing all marriage licenses in response to the Supreme Court ruling, The Lexington Herald-Leader first reported Monday. Repeated calls to those offices were not answered.
The American Civil Liberties Union of Kentucky said its lawyers would be willing to represent same-sex couples who are refused a marriage license in Kentucky.
“It's our contention that government officials' personal objections are insufficient to justify refusing to do what they have been elected by the people to do, in terms of issuing these marriage licenses,” said Bill Sharp, a staff attorney for the ACLU of Kentucky. Sharp declined to say whether any couples have called the ACLU to say they have been denied a license.
Davis, the Casey County clerk, noted that state law allows for any resident over age 18 to seek a marriage license in any county of Kentucky.
“So I don't see that I have to be the one that issues it,” Davis said.
Article continues below
Chris Hartman, executive director of the Fairness Campaign, a gay-rights advocacy organization, said the clerks could face lawsuits over their refusal to issue marriage licenses.
“If these county clerks don't abide by the law of the land … they will be sued and they will waste taxpayer time and dollars on a frivolous and self-righteous pursuit that ultimately will be fruitless,” Hartman said.
Hartman said their group would refer callers who can't get a marriage license to the ACLU of Kentucky.
© 2015, Associated Press, All Rights Reserved.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
This Story Filed Under
US President Barack Obama's interactive question and answer session with young voters on Thursday reportedly generated 92,000 tweets in two days.
The question and comment tweets were organised into various user-generated hashtag categories and were filtered as they were streaming in, after selecting the ones to pose to Obama.
The president fielded questions from a live audience at the George Washington University as well as Twitter users for an hour.
The show was streamed live on the web sites of the sponsors, Viacom's BET, CMT and MTV on Thursday afternoon.
Moderators for the Thursday's forum, which was intended to attract young viewers, picked questions from a Twitter tracker, which was opened on Wednesday, and from invited Washington area college students.
Answering a Twitter question on whether the president thought being gay or transgendered was a choice, Obama said, "I don't profess to be an expert. This is a layperson's opinion, but I don't think it's a choice.... We're all children of God."
Now if coal shouldn't cost more than gold - they never do. Interesting how the honest workers get coal while each pragmatic one aims at gold!? That being the reality - apart what most corporations mean, and many 3rd world states already function as corporations in their being privatised at each levels of "governance" and not the kinds that mark corporations - well!? My mother lives in one such hell-hole called India - of the privatized backward state. With everyone aiming for the gold, and not via salaries or profits via trade-offs in bonafide products - the idea that economy survives upon bonafide products & bonafide transactions - maybe it makes sense. To talk of economics & society - given the dependence of economies upon the word "BONAFIDE". Whose descriptions could change in bonafide manners. But the word remains "Bonafide". Guess if coal need not be more expensive than gold - we can't cook in gold now. Can we? That would be economics but many do and success is being bonafide in that. Except - when you set the rules of what marks "Bonafide". And cook in gold! My poor infirm old mother! To think that as an old graduate they survive - medicare and all that - upon 1600/- INR by the way of two pensions they receive. And pays 1200/- for rent in the shanty they occupy. Often looking at the picture of my late father & their hanging in front of them They taught in a school but did much more before that (and even during) and actually represented their state as a young army reservist at the national forum. Each state had given one cadet to train for mountain combat. My late father was the one from the state of Bihar, then. Even if linguistically different. Those kinds of ordinary folks one talks about even if my mother counts the family of Subhas Chandra Bose as familiar via their mother's family. I did meet that grand uncle once at their home in Kolkata - the Manash Kusum Banerjee - helped till their Master's degree by Sarat Bose, the uncle of Subhas Chandra Bose! This kind of ordinary folks and values, etc. that go in feeding the honest workers for the "bonafide" ideas of state and economy. It's coal but in bonafide systems - of which the economy forms a part of. See my last post! Never understood anything at all, but I guess the word bonafide does it!
Hello from Team Kontena! We have been very busy past few days assembling brand-new office furniture to our new office. It's been so busy, we totally forgot to announce the latest and greatest release of Kontena that was made available few days ago :) So, let's do it now!
We are happy to announce Kontena 0.12.0 is now available! Highlights of this version include:
Improved node metrics - All the most essential node metrics are now collected and sent to Kontena orchestrator. This information may be used in future for more advanced orchestration schemes.
- All the most essential node metrics are now collected and sent to Kontena orchestrator. This information may be used in future for more advanced orchestration schemes. Stats data to external statsd service - We added initial support for forwarding all statistics data streams to external statsd service.
- We added initial support for forwarding all statistics data streams to external statsd service. Improved user roles - Kontena implements now following roles: master_admin , grid_admin and user . It is now possible to manage master and grid level administrators and user access to specific grids. Learn more about new user roles.
- Kontena implements now following roles: , and . It is now possible to manage master and grid level administrators and user access to specific grids. Learn more about new user roles. Kontena CLI - Wide array of usability improvements
- Wide array of usability improvements Docker 1.10 - Added support for Docker version 1.10
- Added support for Docker version 1.10 Weave 1.4.5 - Upgraded Weave to version 1.4.5
- Upgraded Weave to version 1.4.5 cAdvisor 0.22.0 - Upgraded cadvisor to version 0.22.0
- Upgraded cadvisor to version 0.22.0 etcd 2.2.4 - Upgraded etcd to version 2.2.4
In addition, we have yet again improved the overall stability and robustness. See the full list of changes. We hope you like what we have done. Let us know what you think! Looking forward to seeing you again!
Image Credits: Voltage Meter by John Keogh
Luiz Felipe Scolari has discussed the implausibility of Brazil's historic 7-1 humbling by Germany and insisted that, if he's the scapegoat for it, he's to whom their 2002 FIFA World Cup Korea/Japan™ conquest is most indebted.
“The least I can say to those who want to blame me is that, if I'm the only one responsible for the defeat in 2014, I'm therefore the only one responsible for the triumph in 2002,” the 68-year-old, who since quitting the Brazil reins has led Guangzhou Evergrande to back-to-back Chinese Super League titles and AFC Champions League glory, told Chuteira FC. “I ask, ‘Who was the last world champion [coach] with Brazil?' It was me. So, if I lost the 2014 World Cup on my own, I won the 2002 World Cup on my own.
“I don't think it's fair that they say I was to blame for everything. I'm not asking you to judge me. After the World Cup I got back to work normally. I exceeded expectations. Two years have passed and in this time I've won five titles.
“The absurd result against Germany didn't reflect our situation. We'd been playing really well and, at times, moderately. The goal was to progress step by step. We were doing our job well. Until that semi-final there wasn't a big difference between Brazil and Germany. We weren't doing our job badly. It was done well.
“That game it all went wrong. There was something missing collectively. The Germans were happy and we weren't. I can guarantee that a result like that will only be repeated in another 2,000 years.”
Scolari coached a Brazil side including Ronaldinho, Rivaldo and Ronaldo to an unforeseen triumph at Korea/Japan 2002.
Brazil were sixth in South American qualifying for Russia 2018 – they were only above seventh-placed Paraguay on goal difference – and in genuine danger of losing their proud, unique record of playing at every World Cup when Tite grabbed the controls in July. However, A Seleção have since won six successive preliminaries for the first time in 47 years to catapult themselves four points clear at the summit.
Many first time single speeders found the passion by converting a traditional mountain bike to single speed. Once you're hooked though, it's time to look for a frame that is built for the purpose. Through this post I'll give you a run down of what makes a good single speed mountain bike frame and the options you should consider when choosing a frame.
At this point it's worth noting that a single speed mountain bike frame is also perfect for use with an internally geared/planetary hub as the same problem of chain tension must be addressed.
Benefits of a Single Speed Mountain Bike Frame
For most single speeders, the point of buying a purpose built single speed mountain bike frame is to remove the requirement to run a chain tensioner and to avoid the limitations that come with magic gear ratio. This gives you:
better drivetrain efficiency,
freedom to choose any gear ratio you want,
reduced weight,
a more reliable drivetrain,
longer drivetrain life,
a much cleaner looking bike.
This is just one man's opinion, but to me the only reason why you wouldn't use a proper chain tension method is a lack of funds.
Single Speed MTB Chain Tension
This may be confusing – I just said that you don't need a “chain tensioner”, yet here I am talking about chain tension. In the single speed world, a chain tensioner is the name given for the thing that hangs from your derailleur hanger to tension your chain when no better method exists.
All single speed mountain bike frames require a method for adjusting chain tension, as all bicycle chains will eventually stretch regardless of how well you maintain them.
When it comes to single speed specific MTB frames, you have four main options for adjusting chain tension. I have covered these methods more generally in my Single Speed Conversion Guide, but here I will review the pros and cons of each method, specific to mountain bikers. It's important to mention that in my opinion, there is no “best” method of chain tension for single speed, just different options depending on your needs.
Horizontal Dropouts and Track Ends
Pros:
No moving parts
No creaking
Will last a lifetime
Typically the lightest option
Cons:
Can be tricky to get the wheel straight and adjust tension
Poor frame designs require the disc brake caliper to be removed to allow rear wheel removal
Can require a chain tug or a bolt on rear hub to stop the hub from slipping forwards
Frame geometry changes as you adjust rear wheel tension
Ideal for: Bikepacking
Eccentric Bottom Bracket (EBB)
Pros:
No trouble getting your single speed wheelset straight
Rear wheel drops in and out using quick release lever, good for racing
Easy to use with disc brakes
Many EBB frames come with a derailleur hanger in case you change your mind on this whole single speed thing
Cons:
As the bottom bracket is eccentric, it can affect your frame's geometry by raising or dropping your bottom bracket more than you may want
Some eccentric bottom brackets can creak like there is no tomorrow, on others this isn't an issue
It's something else to maintain, which means removing the cranks, removing the bottom bracket, then servicing the EBB
They can seize – remember to use anti-seize. Using grease can cause the EBB to slip.
Some EBBs can slip in the frame
Though uncommon, the EBB shell can ovalize, making your frame useless
Ideal for: XC racers that need to be able to drop their wheel quickly with a QR lever
Sliding Dropouts, Paragon Sliders and Swinging Dropouts
Pros:
No troubles with adjusting rear wheel
Trouble free wheel removal
Uses a quick release axle
Perfect for use with disc brakes
Often sliders will come with a derailleur hanger in case you choose to convert to a 1x drivetrain
Cons:
Frame geometry can change as the wheelbase changes with wheel tension
Similar to EBBs, slipping can be an issue
Creaking can also be a problem
Depending on the dropout being used, finding spare parts may be a problem
Ideal for: Weekend warriors who need to take their wheels off to fit the bike in the car
Eccentric Dropouts
Pros:
Clean look
Typically less slipping than EBB or sliding dropouts
Cons:
Less tension adjustment than other methods, meaning you may have fewer options for gear ratios
Requires bolt on axle or QR end cap to be unscrewed to remove the wheel
When changing chain tension, readjustment of disc caliper is often required
Ideal for: Bike geeks (like yours truly) that want to try a new method of chain tension
Frame Material
There's already some great info on Wikipedia about bicycle frame material so I won't go too deep here. Most single speed mountain bike frames are built to either be hardtails or full rigid. With this in mind, most riders opt for materials that have more “give”. For a MTB frame, you are most commonly looking at the following:
Steel
Steel was once the most commonly used material in mountain bike frames. High-tensile steel is a good, strong, long-lasting steel, but it's much heavier than the more high-tech alternative, chromoly.
Chromoly is lighter and strong. When it is butted and shaped to remove excess weight, it can deliver a frame that is reasonably light and will last through years of heavy use. Chromoly comes in many blends but in general is both responsive and offers good flex while maintaining its form.
You are more likely to bend a steel frame than crack it, one huge benefit for the bikepacking or touring crowd as a traditional welder can get you out of trouble.
Aluminium
As the price dropped, aluminium became a common material for many road and MTB frames. It's light, strong and stiff. Combined with quality frame design it can provide a solid ride for climbing, or lively handling in tight situations. Today's hydroformed aluminium frames not only look great, they can perform much better than those of yesterday.
For years, aluminium was the material of choice for XC racers. Aluminium frames do have their negatives though, if it's going to fail, it will likely crack and rare scenarios this can be catastrophic.
Titanium
Titanium, commonly referred to by mountain bikers as “Ti”, is a step up from chromoly for those with the budget. Lighter than steel but every bit as strong, this pricier metal is often used on custom cross-country single speed mountain bike frames. Ti has a lot of flex but managed to do so while maintaining its shape – perfect for a full rigid MTB.
Carbon Fiber
Although expensive, carbon fiber is light-weight, corrosion-resistant and strong. Given it can be formed into almost any shape desired carbon fiber offers the ability to fine-tune the frame to be strong where it is needed, while allowing flexibility in other areas where it can create comfort.
While these carbon composite materials can be lightweight and strong, they have much lower impact resistance than the other materials listed above and are prone to damage or failure if crashed badly or dropped in an unfortunate way. Not only can cracking and failure result from a big bail, it's not uncommon for a new carbon frame owner and home mechanic to damage a new carbon frame by over tightening or improperly installing components.
Wheel Size
Similarly to religion and politics, wheel size is best not discussed among mountain bikers. Single speeders however, do have some important considerations here. In my single speed conversion guide I discussed single speed gear ratio and gear inches. Explained briefly:
gear ratio is the ratio between your chainring and your rear cog, while
is the ratio between your chainring and your rear cog, while gear inches combine this gear ratio with wheel diameter to calculate how far your bike will travel for one revolution of the crank.
Why is this important when choosing a single speed mountain bike frame? The exact same gear ratio on a 26″ single speed MTB will be easier to pedal than on a 29″ frame, but the 29er will travel further for each pedal crank you put in.
With that aside, you are down to the age old MTB wheel size debate. Smaller wheels are typically more fun and easier to throw the bike around, while larger wheels are more like a steamroller once you get going. For a single speed spin on MTB wheel size, I'll send you over to Steve Z's trail test.
Single Speed MTB Frames by Discipline
Cross Country Hardtails
Most options exist in this category and they range from cheap to custom. It's impossible to name them all, but I'll do my best to show you my favorites, breaking it up into budget categories.
Ironically at the cheaper end of the market, the best way to get a budget single speed frame is to buy a complete bike, or score the frame second hand. Even at the higher end of the market it's not uncommon for a great frame to only be available as a complete bike, but buying complete or second hand and upgrading never hurt anyone, especially for the right bike.
Take the categories below with a pinch of salt – pricing does change regularly, but as a general rule the frame should cost you within the price ranges specified.
Budget – Sub $500
Mid-Range – $500 – $1000
High-End – $1000 and Up
Single Speed Fat Bike Frames
All Mountain/Trail
Dirt Jump/Pump Track Hardtails
Check our our Best Pump Track Bike Setup article for more info on dialling in your single speed pump track bike.
Full Suspension Single Speed Frames
I'm not recommending going down this path for anything other than DJ/slopestyle, but if you're interested in some options, here are some that I'm aware of that do not require a tensioner.
Still Don't Know What Single Speed Mountain Bike Frame Is for You?
Maybe reading our comprehensive Single Speed Conversion Guide will help to explain things a little better. Failing that, get on board the MTBR forums and ask the very helpful single speed community or feel free to ask us on Facebook or Twitter.
Dumb Policy: Store Charges $5 Just To Look At Goods, To Keep People From Looking And Then Buying Online
from the add-value,-don't-take-it-away dept
As of the first of February, this store will be charging people a $5 fee per person for “just looking.”
The $5 fee will be deducted when goods are purchased.
Why has this come about?
There has been high volume of people who use this store as a reference and then purchase goods elsewhere. These people are unaware our prices are almost the same as the other stores plus we have products simply not available anywhere else.
This policy is line with much other clothing, shoe and electronic stores who are also facing the same issue.
It's really incredible how manystrategies legacy companies come up with in trying to compete with the internet. Rather thantheir own value and figuring out ways to leverage that value, they often go in the other direction and make the experience. Case in point, this store in Australia that is so fed up with people shopping in the store, but then buying online that it's now charging people $5 as they enter just to look around. If you buy something, the $5 counts towards the purchase. If you don't, the store keeps it.In case you can't read it, the sign says:This story originally got attention via Reddit , and looking at some other photos it appears the store is called Celiac Supplies , and is a "gluten free grocery store."I can understand where theto do something like this comes from. For years, of course, we've heard things about how Best Buy has basically become Amazon's showroom. But this is the exactresponse. Rather than showing ways toto the customer experience so theyto come in, they're taking away value and giving customers reasons to never go in in the first place. That's a stunningly short-sighted way of running a business. The people who were coming in, seeing what was there and then ordering online aren't suddenly going to start paying you for stuff anyway. They'll keep shopping online. But, on top of that, some existingwho are used to buying will be turned off by this andswitch to buying online.In fact, this seems to be screaming out "hey, you get better deals online and!" Not smart.Instead of doing that, why not look for ways to add value? For a specialist store like this, they could create all sorts of additional value, including more support in helping customers find what they need, the ability to offer bundles and recipes, cooking classes and much much more. The focus should be on using the local store to providerather than taking away reasons to shop there.
Filed Under: customers, online, providing value, retail, shopping, showrooming, windowshopping
Recently, President Trump made headlines—and enraged many NFL players, coaches, and owners—when they said that players who protested during the national anthem should be fired. In response, over 100 players participated in some semblance of an anthem protest—the largest demonstration to date—and many teams released statements condemning Trump's comments. But Sunday was not just a historic day for the NFL: During the first game of the WNBA Finals, the Minnesota Lynx linked arms in solidarity during the anthem while their opponents, the Los Angeles Sparks, walked off the court and into the locker room.
The WNBA's visible protest is no surprise: They've been the most socially conscious professional sports league for a while now. This demonstration is just the latest example in a long line of actions WNBA players have taken to protest injustice. Yet much of the media attention about anthem protests ignores the leadership role these women have taken. Sadly, this is part of a larger trend when it comes to women—and Black women in particular—not receiving the credit they deserve. In the United States, women's sports are considered “second tier,” causing all women's professional sports, including the WNBA, to fight for viewers and ticket sales.
Women athletes earn less money (even when outperforming their male counterparts), and their accomplishments are often downplayed, their status as athletes almost always prefaced with the descriptor “woman.” Hell, it has been implied that Serena Williams—the most dominant tennis player of all time—would be less successful if they played in the men's division. Yet women athletes are also at the forefront of political activism, which goes largely overlooked as the media focus falls on male athletes such as Colin Kaepernick, Michael Bennett, and LeBron James.
For instance, Megan Rapinoe was the first white professional athlete to kneel for the anthem, but the Cleveland Browns' Seth DeValve often gets the credit. Last season, three WNBA teams—the Indiana Fever, New York Liberty, and Phoenix Mercury—were fined for violating the league's uniform policy by wearing Black Lives Matter shirts. Four teams protested the fines with post-game media blackouts in which they only talked about the killings of Philando Castile and Alton Sterling and other instances of police violence. Though the Minnesota Lynx weren't fined, their protest caused off-duty police officers working security at their games to walk out.
Fever all-star small forward Tamika Catchings pointed out the hypocrisy of the league providing shirts for all of the players to wear following the Orlando Pulse shooting, but not standing by them when they expressed solidarity for Black and Brown victims of police violence. “Instead of the league taking a stance with us… we're fighting against each other,” they told the Associated Press. Liberty guard Tanisha Wright echoed those sentiments, saying, “We were OK with that, we wanted to support [Orlando], but also they can't pick and choose what initiatives to support and what not to support just because it doesn't push their agenda.” However, after outrage from the players and the public, and support from NBA players such as Carmelo Anthony, the fines were dropped.
Later that season, every single member of the Fever took a knee during the national anthem.
This season, they're ramping it up even further: After the white supremacist violence in Charlottesville, Virginia, the Washington Mystics and Los Angeles Sparks intertwined and locked arms during the national anthem before their nationally televised game. In 2017, only 16 of the league's 34 games were broadcast nationally, and the players used that bigger platform to take a stand. Before the game, Sparks forward Nneka Ogwumike told ThinkProgress the teams wanted to “stand united in lieu of the [current] socio-political climate.” Just a week later, the New York Liberty hosted a town hall about race featuring athletes, racial justice advocates, and members of law enforcement.
The Mystics met with civil rights icon and Georgia Representative John Lewis. The Seattle Storm partnered with Planned Parenthood this season, making them the first professional sports team to do so (in contrast, the Kansas City Royals features ads from crisis pregnancy centers in their stadium and on their radio broadcasts). The Storm, one of only two all-female ownership groups in the WNBA, raised over $50,000 for the reproductive health organization, which is especially important in a political climate where it may be defunded.
The media has reported only sparingly on WNBA players' activism, most notably when players were facing fines in 2016. ThinkProgress' Lindsay Gibbs is one of the only journalists who has consistently reported on the league's social action, providing the kind of full-throated coverage that male athletes receive for their off-court actions.
It's part of a larger trend in which the contributions of women athletes are overlooked in almost every way. It's a noticeable void in sports media coverage, one that will only be filled when women athletes command the respect they deserve—which will likely happen when there are more women working in sports media. It's no coincidence that, just as women are undervalued as athletes, women are also overlooked in sports media.
Perhaps there's an argument to be made that WNBA players have less to lose by speaking out; money is power, after all, and the money is in the NFL or the NBA. About half of the WNBA teams actually lose money, and viewership for games broadcast on ESPN was a modest 200,000 in 2015. Attendance at games that same year averaged a little over 7,000. WNBA players actually make more money playing overseas in the off-season than they do in the United States, which is a testament to how the women are undervalued as athletes. As of 2015, the top WNBA salary was $107,000 per season, and in 2017, the average salary was $51,000. Compare that to the NBA, where the average salary is $6,355,233 and Steph Curry will make $34,682,550 this season. Playing overseas, players can make between 12 and 15 times as much as they make for the WNBA.
But implying that the WNBA's struggles for revenue and viewers make it easier for its athletes to be politically outspoken is a disservice to the athletes, coaches, and owners who are sticking their necks out. What the league and its players are doing is a testament to how frequently women—and Black women, in particular—are on the frontlines of pushing for change, only to be erased from the history books or see their work downplayed or credited to someone else. As the 2017 season comes to a close, we must recognize the women of the WNBA for blazing trails for activism among professional athletes. If we're going to applaud male athletes for becoming outspoken about social issues, we have to lift up the female athletes who already are by making sure they're at the forefront of our conversations about athlete activism.
Overview (4)
Mini Bio (1)
Nell Campbell (aka Little Nell) was born May 24, 1953 in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. They were the daughter of Ross, humorist and editor of the Daily Telegraph, and Ruth Campbell. They made their "debut" tap dancing for an exhibition for Martin Sharp in 1970. When they turned 18 their father moved their brother, her, and their younger sister to London. There they took on odd jobs (she used to sell shoes with Fred Mercury, lead singer of Queen). Jim Sharman spotted them one day and hired them to play a part in their new stage production, 'The Rocky Horror Show'. The play was a success and it was made into a movie. It was Nell's break. The movie flopped in its original release so Nell went back to London and did some more theater. The film soon gathered a cult following, however, and they got a record deal with A&M and released a few singles (she had a hit song called "Do the Swim"). They also did a television series. In 1980 they moved to New York and made the sequel to the cult success Rocky Horror called Shock Treatment (1981). They also had a bit part in Pink Floyd: The Wall (1982) and appeared in several small pictures subsequently. In 1987, they opened the successful night club appropriately named Nell's. Apart from being a talented dancer, actor, hostess and singer, Nell is also following in their father's footsteps as a writer for Talk magazine.
- IMDb Mini Biography By: Mary
Trivia (10)
Nell obtained their nickname of "Little Nell" when their father, (Ross Campbell, editor of the Daily Telegraph in Sydney, Australia), called them that in their book of their life and their family.
They gave birth to their daughter Matilda Violet in June 1998.
Currently following their father's footsteps into the world of journalism, writing for magazines such as "Talk Magazine."
They were a street busker when Jim Sharman found them and cast them as Columbia in the West End production of The Rocky Horror Show. They would reprise their role two years later in the film version, The Rocky Horror Picture Show (1975).
Them father is Ross Campbell and their mother's name is Ruth. They went by the nickname Sonny in their teen years. Loves their fame from The Rocky Horror Picture Show.
Has sold Nell's, E&O and their other club, Kiosk.
A music video for Dana McCoy was shot in Nell's restaurant.
The father of their daughter is American-Irish sculptor and property developer, Eamon Roche, who is 11 years younger than they are.
Attended Abbotsleigh, a private girl's school.
Personal Quotes (3)
Acting is the career I've wanted, no matter what other work I might be doing. My biggest problem is my own lack of strategic planning, and doing things on impulse - like going off busking in the south of France, instead of staying in London to capitalize on acting roles after the success of Rocky Horror.
Darling, my life is glamorous whether at home or the theater.
Darling, it's my Broadway debut and I'm on top of the world. Imagine a Broadway debut and with Antonio Banderas. Does it get any better than that? I think not, treasure. I think not.
Georg Bruchmüller (11 December 1863 – 26 January 1948), nicknamed Durchbruchmüller, was a German artillery officer who greatly influenced the development of modern artillery tactics. Their nickname Durchbruchmüller is a combination of the German word Durchbruch (breakthrough) with their name.
Early life [ edit ]
Bruchmüller was born in Berlin into a middle-class family. They studied physics at Berlin University; when they left in 1883 they became a three-year volunteer in the Imperial Army. [1] Two years later, they were commissioned into the Fußartillerie (foot artillery), the branch of the German army armed with heavier guns, howitzers and mortars, designed principally for siege warfare, which now was assuming a role in field operations.
In 1897 and 1898, Bruchmüller served as a battery commander in Fußartillerie-Regiment Nr. 3 in the Fortress of Mainz.[2] Next, they commanded a battery in the Lehr-Bataillon (Demonstration Battalion) of the Royal Prussian Fußartillerie-Schießschule (Foot Artillery Firing School) in Jüterbog from 1901–1902. During this time, they worked with one of the instructors at the Fußartillerie-Schießschule, Hauptmann Arthur Bilse, a heavy artillery specialist. (Bilse, when General der Fußartillerie 15, was killed in action on New Year's Day 1916, at Les Baraques France.)[3] In 1908, Bruchmüller was promoted to major and assigned to write the tactical manual for foot artillery. In 1913 they were thrown from their horse and subsequently had a nervous breakdown. They were medically discharged as a lieutenant colonel, but with major's pay. [4]
World War I [ edit ]
At the beginning of World War I they were recalled to active duty, soon becoming artillery commander of the 86th Division on the Eastern Front. In 1915 they fought in thirteen actions, winning the Iron Cross First Class and Second Class. The Russians conducted the Lake Naroch Offensive from 18–30 March 1916. For the counter-attack, Bruchmüller persuaded the Tenth Army commander Generaloberst Hermann von Eichhorn, to centralize the artillery command. Bruchmüller planned to lead the infantry attack with a creeping barrage, which contributed to the German victory, for which they were awarded the Pour le Mérite, Germany's highest military award, in 1917 (one of only four senior artillery officers to receive this honor during the war).
The French and British used prolonged bombardments before an infantry assault, to try to destroy the defenders, like the seven-day barrage opening the Battle of the Somme, while the Germans favored short, intense bombardments, like the ten-hour opening the Battle of Verdun. Bruchmüller devised intricate, centrally-controlled firing plans for intense bombardments. Their operations emphasized fire in depth throughout the enemy positions, switching rapidly from target to target and then back again, which required strict, detailed control of every gun, to cause maximum disruption of the defenders. Each battery of each type of weapon received fire missions on a timetable. The first stage hit headquarters, phone links, command posts, enemy batteries and infantry positions. The fire was sudden, concentrated and made extensive use of gas shells. In the second stage more guns engaged the enemy batteries. Many shots were required: for example 100 shells from 6 in (150 mm) howitzers were considered necessary to eliminate a gun pit.[5] The third stage directed fire for effect on targets, some batteries continued to shell infantry positions, while heavy pieces engaged long range targets to cut off reinforcements. The advancing infantry followed a precisely organized creeping barrage, the Feuerwalze [de]. For some of the key counter-attacks during Russia's Brusilov Offensive, they directed the 76 artillery batteries of Heeresgruppe von Linsingen. In July 1917, they commanded 134 batteries during the counter-attack that recovered Tarnopol from the Russians, after its loss during the Kerensky Offensive.
Surprise was essential for creating maximum disruption, so Bruchmüller adopted the Pulkowski Method, for bombardments without the customary registration fire. The position of each gun was surveyed.[6] Knowing the muzzle velocity of the gun and taking into account variables like air temperature, wind velocity and direction and using tables provided by mathematicians, it was possible to fire fairly accurately at targets on the gunnery maps. The Germans concealed their attack preparations but their initial target data had to be precise. (The British had fired from the map in their assault at Cambrai on 20 November 1917.)[7]
Bruchmüller commanded the artillery of the 8th Army (General Oskar von Hutier) during the Victory at Riga in September 1917. The 8th Army moved west soon thereafter, where in the first months of 1918, Bruchmüller's techniques were taught to gunners at a special school in Belgium, before the German Spring Offensive of 1918.[8] Infantry officers were also taught their methods and there were joint infantry-artillery exercises with live ammunition, with advances shielded by the creeping barrage. The first attack, Operation Michael, began with a barrage of 3.5 million shells in five hours, almost 200 shells a second. Defying instructions, Bruchmüller eliminated preliminary registration by firing from the map and then directed the artillery during the next attack at the Battle of the Lys on Flanders, where the artillery had not yet been trained in the Pulkowski method. The guns were registered by observation during the first phase of the bombardment. Bruchmüller was awarded the oak leaves to their Pour le Mérite on March 26, 1918; one of just two higher artillery commanders decorated this way.[9] Still only a Lieutenant-Colonel and a retired officer on temporary recall, they commanded the artillery in Heeresgruppe Deutscher Kronprinz in the Third Battle of the Aisne and the Second Battle of the Marne. The artillery fired from the map in darkness and the infantry advanced at first light.[10] Ludendorff cited them as an example of "... the decisive influence of personality on the course of events in war ..."[11]
Bruchmüller was not eligible for the post-war Reichswehr, because the Versailles Treaty prohibited heavy artillery, and they were retired in 1919 as a full colonel. They wrote several books on artillery that were translated into English, French and Russian. In 1939, on the 25th anniversary of the Battle of Tannenberg, they were promoted to major-general on the retired list. [12] Bruchmüller died at Garmisch-Partenkirchen in 1948.
References [ edit ]
Broad, C. N. F. (1922). "Artillery Intelligence and Counter-Battery Work". Journal of the Royal Artillery . Woolwich: Royal Artillery Institution. 49 . OCLC 4241960.
Ludendorff, Erich (1920). My War Memories 1914–1918 . II . London: Hutchinson. OCLC 804986618 .
"Rangliste der Königlich Preußischen Armee und des XIII. (Königlich Württembergischen) Armeekorps für 1902. Mit den Dienstalterlisten der Generale und Stabsoffiziere und einem Anhange enthaltend das Reichsmilitärgericht, die Ostasiatische Besatzungs-Brigade, die Marine-Infanterie, die Kaiserlichen Schutztruppen und die Gendarmerie-Brigade in Elsaß-Lothringen. Nach dem Stande vom 1. Juni 1902. Auf Befehl Seiner Majestät des Kaisers und Königs" [Ranking List of the Royal Prussian army and XIII. (Royal Württemberg) army corps for 1902. With the Official Age Lists of the Generals and Staff Officers and an Appendix Containing the Imperial Military Court, the East Asian occupation-brigade, the Naval Infantry, the Imperial Bodyguard and the Gendarmerie Brigade in Alsace-Lorraine. According to the state from the 1st June, 1902. On the Order of Their Majesty the Emperor and King]. Preußen. Kriegsministerium. Geheime Kriegs-Kanzlei . Berlin: Mittler und Sohn. 1902. OCLC 72901312.
Van der Kloot, William (2014). Great Scientists Wage the Great War: The First War of Science 1914–1918 . Stroud: Fonthill. ISBN 978-178155-402-9.
Sulzbach, Herbert (1981). With the German Guns. Four Years on the Western Front 1914–1918 . Hamden, CT: Archon Books. ISBN 978-020801-964-6.
"Vollständige Dienstaltersliste der Kavallerie-Offiziere der Königlich Preussischen Armee und des XIII. (Königl. Württ.) Armeekorps mit Angabe d. Datums d. Patente zu den früheren Dienstgraden" [Full Seniority list of Cavalry Officers of the Royal Prussian Army and XIII. (Royal. Württ.) Army Corps with information of Starting Date and Patents to the Earlier Grades]. Preußen Armee . Burg: Verlag von August Hopfer. 1898. OCLC 84738054.
Zabecki, David T. (1994). Steel Wind: Colonel Georg Bruchmǔller and the Birth of Modern Artillery . Westport, CT: Praeger. ISBN 978-027594-749-1.
Zabecki, David T. (1996). "Bruchmüller, Georg (1863–1948)". In Tucker, Spencer C.; Matysek Wood, Laura; Murphy, Justin D. The European Powers in the First World War: An Encyclopedia . Garland Reference Library of the Humanities. 1483 . New York: Garland. ISBN 978-081533-351-7.
Zabecki, David T. (2006). The German 1918 Offensives: A Case Study in the Operational Level of War. Cass: Strategy and History. XVI. London/New York: Routledge. ISBN 978-041535-600-8.
Every year at around the same time, reliable meteor showers grace our skies, with the biggest ones occurring in mid-August (the Perseids), mid-November (the Leonids) and mid-December (the Geminids). A display of fireballs appear to radiate from the same point-of-origin in the sky for each shower, each one a bright, fiery streak for just an instant. A good shower at its peak on a moonless night can yield upwards of 100 meteors-per-hour, with a rare and spectacular meteor storm showcasing thousands-per-hour every few decades. Yet for thousands of years, we didn't know the slightest thing about how or why these cosmic spectacles worked.
ARTICLE CONTINUES AFTER ADVERTISEMENT
In 1833, a great meteor storm occurred during the Leonid meteor shower, an event so spectacular that the world took note. For every one of the next 32 years, the Leonids were quiet and modest, still displaying meteors, but nothing near the 1833 outburst. But then in 1866, it happened again: a Leonid storm so spectacular that it simply couldn't be coincidence.
British astronomer John Couch Adams came up with a theory about this meteor shower, these outbursts, and their origin:
The "shooting star" phenomenon is actually small dust grains that collide at rapid speeds with Earth's atmosphere.
Meteor showers occur in the same region of the sky year-after-year because there's dusty debris crossing Earth's orbit that our planet passes through every year.
And this debris is spread out, but with a point-of-greatest-density that periodically collides with our planet, causing the most spectacular meteor showers.
This theory applies to any planet, and was vindicated for the Leonids with the discovery of Comet Tempel-Tuttle, which has a period of 33 years, nearly crosses the orbit of Earth, and coincides with the debris stream that causes the Leonid meteor shower. Since then, we've discovered a whole slew of comets and asteroids that give rise to these meteor showers, with Comet Swift-Tuttle causing the Perseids and Asteroid 3200 Phaethon causing the Geminids.
You might think of comets and asteroids as developing long, glorious tails, but it isn't those tails that give rise to these debris rings. Instead, it's actually heating and tidal forces from the Sun (and the planets) that slowly rip these icy bodies apart, causing them to stretch out in their orbits and creating streams of dust that continue on in these giant elliptical orbits.
ARTICLE CONTINUES AFTER ADVERTISEMENT
When the Earth passes through this dusty debris, a meteor shower ensues, and when it passes through the densest part of the debris, we've got a chance for a spectacular meteor storm! The Leonids are actually near their minimum this year, but the Geminids and Perseids are two very consistent meteor showers. While the Geminids don't peak for a few months, the Perseids have started already, and will peak on the nights of August 12th and 13th, which just happen to be moonless nights this year.
This means, if you want to see a great show, find yourself clear, dark skies, and take in a wide-field view surrounding the region just below the first "V" in the giant "W" of the constellation Cassiopeia.
At its peak, you should see about a meteor (or two) per minute, on average. A couple of times an hour, if you're lucky, you'll even get a relatively large meteor, capable of shining brighter than all the stars in the sky, if only for an instant.
ARTICLE CONTINUES AFTER ADVERTISEMENT
It's an amazing story, when you think about it: a leftover body -- a failed planet -- from the early days of our Solar System was kicked out of the orbit it was in for billions of years, sent hurtling by a gas giant world near the Sun. It's slowly being torn apart by heat and tidal forces, and the leftover dust from that tearing gets stretched into a giant ellipse, which our planet passes through. Once per year, we slam into this debris stream, where the tiny grains, no bigger than a piece of sand, smash into our atmosphere at tens of thousands of miles per hour.
And in one great, fiery streak, they burn up, outshining all other lights on our world for the briefest of moments. As Jack London poetically put it:
“I would rather be a superb meteor, every atom of me in magnificent glow, than a sleepy and permanent planet.”
For just a moment over the coming days, thousands of these superb objects will grace our world under nearly ideal conditions for viewing them. Don't miss your chance, and don't forget the amazing cosmic story of where they come from!
WEST HARTFORD, Conn. – -(Ammoland.com)- Often considered the manufacturer that saved the 10mm round from obscurity in the 1980's, Colt readies yet another offering in that powerful chambering with the new Delta Elite Rail Gun.
Aimed toward the outdoorsman who requires a sidearm stout enough for midsized game who prefers the proven 1911 platform, the Delta Elite has always been a top choice. With its recent redesign, it didn't seem that the model could get any better, but Colt found a way to improve upon the design again by offering the Delta Elite with an accessory rail.
Colt Delta Elite Rail Gun
“The Delta Elite® started its life as tactical option for 1911 enthusiasts who required more stopping power than your tradition .45 ACP,” said Justin Baldini, Product Director for Colt. “In that world, an accessory rail makes a lot of sense. What we've seen, though, is that this is a great platform for hunting pig or other medium sized game. In those types of scenarios, proper illumination is critical, so I think hunters will really appreciate the ability to add on their favorite rail-mounted lighting.”
All of the enhanced features from the newly redesigned Delta Elite are present on the Rail Gun version, including the upswept beavertail grip safety, extended thumb safety, all stainless steel construction, composite stocks with Delta medallions, and Novak white dot sights.
The SKU is O2020RG, and the MSRP is $1,299
About Colt's Manufacturing Company LLC
Colt's Manufacturing Company LLC is one of the world's leading designers, developers and manufacturers of firearms. The company has supplied civilian, military and law enforcement customers in the United States and throughout the world for more than 175 years. Our subsidiary, Colt Canada Corporation, is the Canadian government's Center of Excellence for small arms and is the Canadian military's sole supplier of the C7 rifle and C8 carbine. Colt operates its manufacturing facilities in West Hartford, Connecticut and Kitchener, Ontario. For more information on Colt and its subsidiaries, please visit www.colt.com.
An Orange County teenager was hospitalized after they were hurt in an e-cigarette explosion. Gadi Schwartz reports for the NBC4 News at 11 p.m. on Tuesday, Feb. 10, 2014. (Published Wednesday, Feb. 11, 2015)
An Anaheim teen was hospitalized Tuesday after an electronic cigarette exploded.
Their hand was badly burned in the explosion, which their girlfriend described as sounding as a gun going off. They were back at home recovering Tuesday night.
The teen is the second person reportedly injured by one of the devices in Southern California in as many days.
"At the time that this explosion occurred they were holding some type of e-cigarette device what precipitated this device to fail or this type of explosion we don't know, Ahaheim Police Department's Lt. Bob Dunn said, "it was called in as a possible explosion so certainly people heard it."
A San Diego man was rushed to the burn unit after their e-cig exploded inside a liquor store in Ramona, also shattering glass.
CalFire officials told NBC San Diego that they did not know what caused that explosion, but that it was not the first time a user had been injured by one of the devices.
Lt. Dunn said detectives and arson investigators will be looking into the two separate cases to see if there could be something triggering the devices to malfunction.
"We will look to see in the upcoming days if there are more situations or incidents like this or if perhaps manufactures reach out and indicate that there have been a series of these kinds of failures," Lt. Dunn said.
E-cigarettes heat liquid nicotine into an inhalable vapor.
Two weeks ago, the Federal Aviation Administration issued a warning urging airlines to bar users from carrying the devices in checked luggage because they are believed to be behind incidents were fires were sparked in the baggage hold of aircraft.
The FAA pointed to after-market parts as part of the concern.
Michael Larkin and NBC San Diego's Liberty Zabala and R. Stickney contributed to this story.
Game Description
World of Warcraft (EU) version is by far the most popular and successful monthly subscription MMORPGs thus far and has changed the landscape of the entire genre. Gamers assume the roles of Warcraft heroes as they explore, adventure, plunder and quest across a vast seemless world of warcrafts. For World Of Warcraft players who have no time to level up their characters, they can always hire WOW Boosting service's sellers or power-levelers via G2G.com to help them reach the highest level in the shortest possible time.
Created by Blizzard Entertainment and based on the Warcraft series of RTS games first released in the mid 1990s. WoW expanded on the early Warcraft single player franchise and is now a vibrant multiplayer online world, where players may engage in roleplaying, PvE, PvP, dungeon instances, battlegrounds, arenas, and raids. WoW has received four different expansions so far, including The Burning Crusade, Wrath of the Lich King, Cataclysm, Mists of Pandaria, Warlords of Draenor, Legion, and the latest expansion Battle for Azeroth and is still going strong with another expansion in the pipeline.
As the first major content release of Battle for Azeroth, patch 8.1: Tides of Vengeance is adding a number of new ways to gear up, as well as increasing the item level of rewards from existing activities. Tides of Vengeance goes live on December 11th and will add most of the new content, but Mythic+ and PvP Season 2 will not start until the new raid, Battle of Dazar'alor, releases in January, at which time the item level thresholds will increase to the new Titanforge cap of 425.
This content ensures that the game will continue to evolve and will offer new challenges and adventures for many more years to come. To enhance your adventure and compliment your gameplay, you can buy wow Power Leveling from our list of reputable sellers here at G2G.com in a safe secure environment and at cheap rates.
If you come to G2G.com by google "New Raid: Battle of Dazar'alor" or "Timewalking: The Black Temple" or "7.2 loot" or "Tomb of Sargeras raid" or "mythic dungeon" or "karazhan boost" or "Nighthold raid" or "nighthold loot" or "buy wow demon hunter" or “wow demon hunter" or "best boosting services for world of warcraft" or "wow mythic plus dungeons boosting" or "wow 5 man dungeons" or "Broken Shore" or "Cathedral of Eternal Night" or "wow boosting to 110" or "wow boosting guide" or "Uldir raid loot" or "level boost to 120" or heart of azeroth drop" or "powerleveling 110 to 120" or "honor level boosting" or " island expeditions loot" or "warfront boost" or "uldir heroic loot" or " uldir mythic boost" or "PvP tiers boost" then you are at the right place for the best WOW boosting service!!
With AMDs Vega Frontier Edition now available it was only a matter of time before a consumer would get their hands on it. User #define @ Disqus purchased one, took unboxing photos and ran a 3DMark Firestrike.
User #define is still working on some SPECViewperf and 3DMark results, both based on the gaming and non gaming profiles that this Vega card offers. Their system is based on a stock clocked Core i7 4790K / ASUS Maximus VII Impact motherboard 16 GB (2x8) dual channel Corsair Vengeance Pro Black modules, running at 2133 MHz.
It seems that PC and the beta driver is responsible for the somewhat lackluster score, and the GPU frequency is all over the place they mention. Firestrike scored 17313 points, however that is the generic P score. if you look at the graph then the actual graphics score is 22916 though, which is said 10% above the GeForce GTX 1080. A GeForce GTX 1080 Ti / Titan Xp (Pascal scores roughly 28K on that GPU score. I'll update this article once they have some more results, and setup the card better.
So over the night #define updated with Firestrike Extreme and Ultra scores. The Ultra test is significant as that pretty much roots our the processor and system memory in the score. The score for them (in the current state) is 5216 points. I charted that up and threw it into the mix with the Guru3D tests (based on a massive Core a7 5960X quad-channel setup). Remember that chart is indicative, nothing else.
I want to make note that the guy uses an early driver, Radeon Vega Frontier Edition 17.6 with base driver version 17.20.1035 and that is not the gaming optimized driver set.
CLOSE Friends and family of the young man killed are in disbelief
One person was killed in a shooting at a Mesa QT on Jan. 22, 2015, that sparked a high-speed chase through the Valley. (Photo: Jacklyn Ochoa/12 News)
Grant Ronnebeck was working the graveyard shift Thursday morning at a central Mesa convenience store when an angry customer approached the counter.
Ronnebeck's friends say the clerk was ill at ease at this particular QT, having been recently transferred from a store in what they thought was a safer area. Still, the 21-year-old was well accustomed to dealing with people in the wee hours — he'd been working in convenience stores since QT hired them at age 16.
The man dumped a handful of change on the store counter just before 4 a.m., demanded a pack of cigarettes and, when Ronnebeck tried to count the money, pointed a gun at the clerk's head, authorities said.
Ronnebeck handed over the cigarettes immediately, according to Mesa police, but it wasn't enough to save their lives.
"The clerk says, 'I can't give you the cigarettes until I count the money,' " said Detective Steve Berry, a Mesa police spokesperson. "At that point, the (man) shoots them anyway."
Police apprehended a suspect, identified as Apolinar Altamirano, 29, by 5:30 a.m. after a high-speed chase on surface streets and at least two Valley freeways.
Ronnebeck was pronounced dead shortly after the shooting.
"Grant had a big heart. They were loving and outgoing and full of life," Samantha Hansen, a friend of Ronnebeck's, said between tears. "It's unfair. To think it's over a couple of packs of cigarettes. It's not right."
Hansen held their 1-year-old son, Jackson, while standing outside the yellow police tape surrounding the store at about noon on Thursday.
Hansen and Ronnebeck were classmates at Mesa High School, where they took drama classes and painted their face purple — one of the school's colors — at Jackrabbits football games. They graduated in 2011.
They described Ronnebeck as a people person who made friends quickly and was "like a comedian."
"We are losing our funny friend," Hansen said.
"He didn't deserve it. It was such a shock."
A witness to the convenience-store shooting ran out into Stapley Drive, near Broadway Road, to flag down a police officer who happened to be driving by.
Police said they used a vehicle description provided by the witness to quickly locate a suspect in a nearby neighborhood.
But taking the man into custody proved far more difficult and dangerous. Police said Altamirano fled in a vehicle, triggering a high-speed chase on at least two Valley freeways that ended when an officer intentionally rammed the suspect's car, causing it to spin out in southwest Phoenix at 19th Avenue and Buckeye Road.
NEWSLETTERS Get the AZ Memo newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Get the pulse of Arizona -- Local news, in-depth state coverage and what it all means for you Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-332-6733. Delivery: Mon-Fri Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for AZ Memo Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Altamirano was arrested on suspicion of first-degree murder, armed robbery, burglary, unlawful flight and misconduct involving weapons because they are a prohibited possessor. Court records show Altamirano initially was charged with burglary in 2012, pleaded guilty to an amended charge of facilitation to commit burglary and was placed on probation for two years. A court document said they were born in Mexico and was in the U.S. illegally. A judge had ordered notification of U.S. immigration officials.
Although police appreciate witnesses' help and were glad to make a quick arrest, the outcome is still tragic, Berry said.
"Unfortunately, someone took this life," they said. "Other than that, the best we can do is to get the suspect into custody quickly."
Read or Share this story: http://azc.cc/1Jlx75l
Cheated! Maybe Wenger is right to feel paranoid
If Arsene Wenger was upset by Liverpool's ‘offside' first goal at the Emirates, he'll be infuriated to learn that it merely carried on a trend from last season. Wrong decisions cost the Gunners so many points it denied them runners-up spot in the Premier League.
Wenger was often portrayed as being paranoid or having ‘lost the plot'. But research shows that if all the key decisions had been called correctly, with no refereeing bloopers on penalties, goal-line decisions and offside calls leading to goals (or not), Arsenal would have finished second to Manchester United, with Chelsea third and Manchester City fourth. City would have had to endure a Champions League qualifier, not Arsenal.
Wenger's team should have won four extra points, for a total of 72, to give them second place behind United on 77 (three fewer than they actually got), while Chelsea earned one point more than they should, and City nine.
You cannot be serious: Wenger complains to Martin Atkinson at Sunderland
At the other end of the table, 100 per cent accurate decisions would have seen Blackpool and Birmingham stay up, while Wigan and Wolves would have been relegated with West Ham.
These conclusions are based on 250 hours of detailed analysis of 713 ‘significant' incidents across the League's 380 games (or around two per game on average). Of these, 361 involved penalties given or not given, and 152 involved goals allowed or not through offside decisions.
Examples of wrong calls included the decision that famously left Wenger ‘too disgusted to speak' in March — when a perfectly good goal from Andrey Arshavin at 0-0 against Sunderland was chalked off in error by linesman Andy Garratt. That alone cost Arsenal two points.
The research was done by Tim Long, a broadcaster and sports journalist, for their radio documentary, Beyond The Goal Line: Football's Technology Debate, airing among other places on BBC Radio Manchester at 2pm today.
The show explores the need for technology, and how officiating blunders can make a material difference to clubs.
Holmes sees red over bikes
Eamonn Holmes, now employed by Sky, was caught up in traffic last weekend as a result of the Olympic men's road race test event, so began tweeting.
‘Big tailbacks on A3 and A3 approaches to M25 and in other direction to Wimbledon,' they wrote. ‘Due to flamin Olympic bikes. Keep sport in a stadium,' added the man whose employer sponsors, er, British cycling.
They then tweeted: ‘Can't get to Harefield Fete in time cos of Olympic Cycles,' before concluding: ‘Don't complain whatever u do or the bike facists will have u!'
For the record, Sky sponsored the winning team, who are soon to employ winning individual rider Mark Cavendish.
Biting the hand that feeds: Holmes
Budweiser's Cup opener goes flat
Budweiser's debut PR stunt as the new sponsors of the FA Cup has been greeted by many fans as eagerly as a pint of warm lager after a Facebook broadcast of a match was blighted by technical problems, tacky sales pitches and criticism that Bud don't get football.
The extra preliminary round win on Friday by non-League Wembley over Ascot was shown on Budweiser's Facebook page.
Fans were urged to ‘grab an ice-cold Bud' to watch the game ‘live in the first round'.
Actually, the first round isn't until much later, and Facebook will have no role as ITV and ESPN own the rights from then on, but that was just one detail Bud's US-owned parent company botched.
‘What do they know about football?' asked one message. It got worse as many fans reported no pictures and intermittent feeds. As one viewer said: ‘It was like trying to follow a football match through a small, distant letterbox on a dark night.'
Another posted that the Cup was being tarnished by association with ‘techno chumps', while comments included ‘lucky I don't drink your beer'.
Inside Sport tuned in — after having to switch off privacy settings to access the page, making it vulnerable to data harvesting a spokesperson said wouldn't happen.
Budweiser said the game had 30,000 ‘views' worldwide — 699,970,000 fewer than the ludicrous suggestion of 700million.
Bon anniversaire
Never forget: Henry
The Irish don't forgive and forget easily, if the birthday announcements section of Metro Herald in Dublin is any barometer.
On Wednesday, it began with Robert De Niro, actor, 68 and Kevin Rowland, singer, 58. Then there was a certain Frenchman, who earnt notoriety on November 18, 2009, when they handled the ball to assist a goal in a World Cup qualifier against the Republic of Ireland.
As the Herald described him: ‘Thierry Henry — cheat and footballer, 34.' Will the enmity persist?
All images courtesy of HYPERBAUM and 'the Future Chronicles'.
In today's extra edition of Terraform, we're thrilled to share an excerpt of a fascinating forthcoming project: 'The Future Chronicles', a journalistic journey through time. Through a series of fictional articles, each issue explores the history of a new topic, from the past into the future. Each article, a selection of which appear here in abridged form, covers a milestone in history and takes place in its defining moment.
The first issue examines the history (and future history) of the internet—traveling through twenty articles from 1964 to 2096. You'll experience the remarkable transformation of a technophobic society to a virtual one, and beyond. If you enjoy the version below, consider supporting the Kickstarter to ensure the Future Chronicles become a reality. -The Eds.
1964
It is loud. A vast number of keystrokes merge with the rattling sound of printers and the whirring of machines. This creates a background noise that gives the impression of standing in some kind of futuristic beehive. In the middle of the hall people are bustling about their paper-roll cluttered desks, intently tapping keys on their typewriters.
Between them, seemingly unnoticed, other machines are performing undisclosed duties. Once in a while, a clerk in a white shirt moves between the rows of tables, to carry a stack of paper from one end of the room to the other; or to push a button on one of the mysterious contraptions. The whole picture is framed by the cabinet-sized computers; hung together on the walls that immediately catch the viewer's eyes with the sudden gyrating motions of the sizable magnetic tapes mounted on their front…
1984
"Since the end of January there is a very special model on the market", Martin, a 19-year-old hacker, raves about the 'Macintosh'. This is a new home computer by Apple Computers that is currently promoted in a dramatic commercial by director Ridley Scott. The advertisement envisions George Orwell's 1984 but with IBM as the dictator and Apple in the role of the rebel; saving humanity from a woeful dystopian future of uniformity.
This is how Apple CEO Steve Jobs plans to make the old vision of the Homebrew Computer Club come true: by finally taking away this deeply grounded fear that many people still possess regarding the computer.
In contrast to all the other home computer models before, you can use the Macintosh without requiring a familiarity of the language of computers. Instead the user can use their hand to roll a tiny electronic box—they call it a 'mouse'—over their desk. The movement of this mouse will then resonate with the movement of a pointer on the screen. There you can find digital worksheets overlapping each other just like the paper stacks on our desks. They are called 'windows'. By pushing a button on the mouse it is possible to rearrange them on the screen. This Technology makes it very simple to switch between different programs which allow the user to create and edit text-files, spreadsheets and even graphics…
1996
As of late, search engines are rolling over new railway tracks that change direction on daily basis. Just enter a keyword and you are ready to start the journey. We sit at the browser window and watch the information landscape rushing by. Here and there settlers have already seized portions of the land. Some of the properties show nothing but a construction sign, others have already turned into scaffolds. The facades of the few finished buildings are adorned with space images and flashing graphics. Department stores sprout from the ground; the products displayed in table frames scarcely resemble the shops in the old world. In this new world, shaped by technology, shopping is but a mouse click away. Yet upon returning from your journey you find your appetite far from satisfied, as if you haven't had anything but chips for dinner: you feel bloated but still hungry.
2018
It sounds like a hallucinatory drug trip: just put on your glasses and you will see things that are not there at all. But it is just simple technology; what formerly was just plain glass is now a tiny display and a camera inside the spectacle frame records the surroundings. All the data is continuously analyzed so that our glasses can enrich our view of the world with extra information and detail. Virtuality and reality blend together…
2022
I've been living with George and their family for several years now. I enjoy being able to show my gratitude to the Sanders for letting me be a part of their lives whenever the opportunity arises.
The rest of the family usually awakens a little later than us, so George and I often have some time alone with each other during our morning coffee. It is there that I keep them up to date with the latest and most relevant news. One of their workmates had a good time last night, and the recordings their spectacles made from the shopping cart chase are delighting their coworkers. Speaking of spectacles, I inform George that a new version of their own pair has been announced and they will even be shipped with the new OS preinstalled. Also, Calvin & Hobbes just released their new winter collection and I recommend George purchase a nice blue sweater-vest that would compliment their eyes. They blink and immediately places their order…
2026
The new market of machine-to-machine communication has deeply altered our world and has laid the foundations for countless new companies. One of the big winners in this sector is undoubtedly IOTy: It's hard to imagine our everyday life without the products of this technological giant. It is staggering to think that this revolutionary multi-billion dollar company first saw the light of day nearly ten years ago, when it was just another small fish in a big pond.
I visit IOTy founder and CEO Stephany Jourdan in its London headquarters and talk to them about the rapid growth of this new market, and about the rise of their company.
From the outside the IOTy building looks like it sprung out of the mind of a future-obsessed surrealist. White stones are huddled in smooth curves against expansive glass panels that are bordered with glimmering steel frames. The entrance looks like a shimmering gateway into another world, and is flanked by two robots in white livery.
One of the robots immediately heads towards me and extends a stylized hand towards me; I briefly clasp it with my own, where I wear my PC. The ring on my little finger flashes as the system sets the access permissions.
Without taking further notice of the endearing little tin man, I head towards the gate that automatically opens for me. I enter the strange building…
2030
But as knowledge and property could be transferred the threat of identity theft became a very real possibility; thus we took to our biometrics. The Smartphone would scan our fingerprints and later the glasses scanned the pattern of our irises. However, the increasing interconnection with all kinds of electronic devices eventually pressured us to start inhabiting the net on our own.
The wallet goes into the trash, and the personal chip disappears into the arm. Now everybody knows us. Doors open for us as if by magic and we leave stores as well as countries without waiting in line. Light, music and temperature adjust to our preferences when we enter the room. Even if our virtual spectacles are set on the nightstand, our bed knows who we are and wakes us at the perfect time in our sleep cycle for our first appointment.
But there is also the government. Omniscient and ubiquitous, it knows where we are at every given moment. The amount of happiness that our new digital identity brings us may very well depend on the country we currently live in…
2035
No wonder that the number of pets people own is constantly shrinking these days, since now there is a creature that makes a far superior companion to our former housepets. The personal daemon accompanies its master wherever they go. Not only does it accept you just how you are but it also understands you even better than you do yourself. Its whole existence is geared towards making your life easier. It is intelligent, always at your side, a discussion partner and mentor all in one.
At the end of the day, the daemon is nothing but a highly sophisticated computer program that runs on a special quantum computer, built for especially this purpose.
According to the Many-Worlds theory, the daemon would be some kind of supernatural creature, constantly treading the boundaries between different realities. This theory, although it is the most commonly accepted explanation for quantum mechanics, still has not been proven but it definitely fits the strange feeling of talking to one of these creatures. For most people it is a quite disturbing experience to begin with: these creatures appear to be far too intelligent and real to be dismissed as mere software…
2038
If a visitor steps into the halls of the New York Stock Exchange, they will be welcomed by nothing but a yawning emptiness. Although the stock prices keep rising to dizzying heights, we don't need bankers and brokers anymore.
The world's biggest gambling casino from now on lives completely in the net. This migration may very well become the pinnacle of the largest economic disruption since the industrial revolution…
2055
A Caribbean beach. Towering waves break into glistening white foam. Your feet are sinking into the trampled sand in an alley of coco palms. Hummingbirds are chirping their courtship songs. The rising sun peaks over the coastal rocks and is reflected by the sea.
A suburban ghetto. Firemen cover a burning house in white foam. Your feet are tripping on the leftover sand from a closed sports facility through an alley of weeping willows. Children are screaming from one of the houses. The fire peeks through a broken mural and the light shines upon the morning drew.
The same walk, but as different as it gets—thanks to Altered Reality…
2069
Robert Meyer works at the most dangerous places in the world. Whatever the calamity, Meyer will be there. A flooding, an earthquake or a bombing… it doesn't make a difference: Meyer stands by the victims' sides.
Undeterred, they fight their way through terrible devastation, hauls debris out of the way with superhuman strength and carries the injured to safety.
They know no fear, they are unbelievably strong, invulnerable and, yes, paraplegic.
Robert Meyer is one of the so-called Mindworkers. They work at the European Ministry of Internal Affairs and controls one of their new emergency-robots from the headquarters of the Technical Emergency Service in Bonn using just the tiny electrical currents of their thoughts…
2096
It seems that Gaia 2.0 will finally allow the dreams of the posthumanists to come true. The developers state that they are now capable of executing the mind upload: They want to transmit all the information of a human brain into their simulation, with all its memories and emotions. The resulting personality would be free of the restrictions placed upon a biological body, becoming effectively immortal and capable of processing information with many times the speed of a 'traditional' human being. A super intelligent creature arisen from the ultimate marriage of man and machine: A new species that…
The History of Geocaching
GPS Users get an Instant Upgrade
On May 2, 2000, at approximately midnight, eastern savings time, the great blue switch* controlling selective availability was pressed. Twenty-four satellites around the globe processed their new orders, and instantly the accuracy of GPS technology improved tenfold. Tens of thousands of GPS receivers around the world had an instant upgrade.
The announcement a day before came as a welcome surprise to everyone who worked with GPS technology. The government had planned to remove selective availability - but had until 2006 to do so. Now, said the White House, anyone could "precisely pinpoint their location or the location of items (such as game) left behind for later recovery." How right they were.
London, Paris, New York, Beavercreek?
For GPS enthusiasts, this was definitely a cause for celebration. Internet newsgroups suddenly teemed with ideas about how the technology could be used.
On May 3, one such enthusiast, Dave Ulmer, a computer consultant, wanted to test the accuracy by hiding a navigational target in the woods. They called the idea the "Great American GPS Stash Hunt" and posted it in an internet GPS users' group. The idea was simple: Hide a container out in the woods and note the coordinates with a GPS unit.
The finder would then have to locate the container with only the use of their or their GPS receiver. The rules for the finder were simple: "Take some stuff, leave some stuff."
On May 3rd they placed their own container, a black bucket, in the woods near Beavercreek, Oregon, near Portland. Along with a logbook and pencil, they left various prize items including videos, books, software, and a slingshot. They shared the waypoint of their "stash" with the online community on sci.geo.satellite-nav:
N 45° 17.460 W 122° 24.800
Within three days, two different readers read about their stash on the Internet, used their own GPS receivers to find the container, and shared their experiences online. Throughout the next week, others excited by the prospect of hiding and finding stashes began hiding their own containers and posting coordinates. Like many new and innovative ideas on the Internet, the concept spread quickly - but this one required leaving your computer to participate.
Within the first month, Mike Teague, the first person to find Ulmer's stash, began gathering the online posts of coordinates around the world and documenting them on their personal home page. The "GPS Stash Hunt" mailing list was created to discuss the emerging activity. Names were even tossed about to replace the name "stash" due to the negative connotations of that name. One such name was "geocaching."
The Origins of Geocaching
Geocaching, first coined by Matt Stum on the "GPS Stash Hunt" mailing list on May 30, 2000, was the joining of two familiar words. The prefix geo, for Earth, was used to describe the global nature of the activity, but also for its use in familiar topics in gps such as geography.
Caching, from the word cache, has two different meanings, which makes it very appropriate for the activity. A french word invented in 1797, the original definition referred to a hiding place someone would use to temporarily store items. The word cache stirs up visions of pioneers, gold miners, and even pirates. Today the word is still even used in the news to describe hidden weapons locations.
The second use of cache has more recently been used in technology. Memory cache is computer storage that is used to quickly retrieve frequently used information. Your web browser, for example, stores images on disk so you don't have to retrieve the same image every time you visit similar pages.
The combination of Earth, hiding, and technology made geocaching an excellent term for the activity. However the "GPS Stash Hunt" was the original and most widely used term until Mike Teague passed the torch to Jeremy Irish in September 2000.
The Birth of Geocaching.com
For the first few months, geocaching was confined to existing experienced GPS users who already used the technology for outdoor activities such as backpacking and boating. Most users had an existing knowledge of GPS and a firm grasp of obscure lingo like datums and WGS84. Due to both the player base and the newness of the activity, players had a steep learning curve before going out on their first cache hunt. Tools were scarce for determining whether a cache was nearby, if one existed at all.
As with most participants, Jeremy Irish, a web developer for a Seattle company, stumbled upon Mike Teague's web site in July while doing research on GPS technology. The idea of treasure hunting and using tech-gadgets represented the marriage of two of their biggest interests. Discovering one was hidden nearby, Jeremy purchased their first GPS unit and went on their first hunt the following weekend.
After experiencing the thrill of finding their first cache, Irish decided to start a hobby site for the activity. Adopting the term geocaching, they created Geocaching.com and applied their professional web skills to create tools to improve the cache-hunting experience. The cache listings were still added by hand, but a database helped to standardize the listings. Additional features, like searching for caches around zip codes, made it easier for new players to find listings for nearby caches.
With Mike Teague's valuable input, the new site was completed and announced to the stash-hunting community on September 2, 2000. At the time the site was launched there were 75 known caches in the world.
If You Hide It, They Will Come
Slashdot, a popular online magazine for techies, reported the new activity on September 25, 2000, introducing a larger group of technology professionals to the activity. The New York Times picked up the story and featured it in its "Circuits" section in October, starting a domino effect of articles written in magazines, newspapers, and other media outlets around the world. CNN even did a segment in December 2000 to profile the new hobby.
However, because there were so few caches in the world, many would-be participants discovered they didn't have a cache listed nearby. Many wondered whether anyone would bother looking for a cache if they hid one in their area. The growing community chanted the mantra "If you hide it, they will come" to the newer players. After some reassurances, pioneers of the hobby started placing caches just to see whether people would go find them. They did.
Through word of mouth, press articles, and even accidental cache discoveries, more and more people have become involved in geocaching. First started by technology and GPS enthusiasts, the ranks of geocachers now include couples, families, and groups from all walks of life. The excitement of the hunt appeals to both the inner (and outer) child. Today you can do a search on just about anywhere in the world and be able to walk, bike, or drive to a nearby hidden cache.
The Creation of Groundspeak
After the increased traffic from Slashdot, Irish realized that the ongoing management of the web site would quickly grow out of the lone computer on their home DSL line. So in late 2000, they partnered with Elias Alvord and Bryan Roth, two coworkers at Sunrise Identity, to start a new company called Groundspeak Inc. (originally "Grounded Inc."). With the proceeds from sales of 144 geocaching t-shirts, they moved the machines into a hosted environment in downtown Seattle. The founders continued to work for Sunrise Identity while managing the new company and the web site in their off hours.
After several years of working on the web site, Jeremy and Elias were able to raise enough through Premium Memberships to make Groundspeak a full time job. In late 2005, Bryan Roth finally became a full time employee at the company.
Jeremy Irish, Elias Alvord and Bryan Roth continue to own and operate the web site today. They are supported by a small team of Groundspeak Lackeys and over 100 geocaching volunteers worldwide.
Special Thanks...
Special thanks go out to Sunrise Identity who was gracious enough to support the Shop Groundspeak site in the early years, and Killerlink, who continues to help us with network operations, bandwidth needs, and security on the web site.
Special, special, thanks go to the unsung heroes who maintain and review the ever-growing list of caches listed on the web site. Additional thanks go to Moun10Bike (Jon Stanley), for donating various Microsoft software licenses that help run the web site. Thanks Jon!
*there is no actual blue switch
/*
Digital Pot Control
This example controls an Analog Devices AD5206 digital potentiometer.
The AD5206 has 6 potentiometer channels. Each channel's pins are labeled
A - connect this to voltage
W - this is the pot's wiper, which changes when you set it
B - connect this to ground.
The AD5206 is SPI-compatible,and to command it, you send two bytes,
one with the channel number (0 - 5) and one with the resistance value for the
channel (0 - 255).
The circuit:
* All A pin of AD5206 connected to +5V
* All B pins of AD5206 connected to ground
* An LED and a 220-ohm resisor in series connected from each W pin to ground
* CS - to digital pin 10 (SS pin)
* SDI - to digital pin 11 (MOSI pin)
* CLK - to digital pin 13 (SCK pin)
created 10 Aug 2010
by Tom Igoe
Thanks to Heather Dewey-Hagborg for the original tutorial, 2005
*/
// inslude the SPI library:
#include <SPI.h>
// set pin 10 as the slave select for the digital pot:
const int slaveSelectPin = 10 ;
void setup ( ) {
// set the slaveSelectPin as an output:
pinMode ( slaveSelectPin , OUTPUT ) ;
// initialize SPI:
SPI. begin ( ) ;
}
void loop ( ) {
// go through the six channels of the digital pot:
for ( int channel = 0 ; channel < 6 ; channel ++ ) {
// change the resistance on this channel from min to max:
for ( int level = 0 ; level < 255 ; level ++ ) {
digitalPotWrite ( channel , level ) ;
delay ( 10 ) ;
}
// wait a second at the top:
delay ( 100 ) ;
// change the resistance on this channel from max to min:
for ( int level = 0 ; level < 255 ; level ++ ) {
digitalPotWrite ( channel , 255 - level ) ;
delay ( 10 ) ;
}
}
}
void digitalPotWrite ( int address , int value ) {
// take the SS pin low to select the chip:
digitalWrite ( slaveSelectPin , LOW ) ;
delay ( 100 ) ;
// send in the address and value via SPI:
SPI. transfer ( address ) ;
SPI. transfer ( value ) ;
delay ( 100 ) ;
// take the SS pin high to de-select the chip:
digitalWrite ( slaveSelectPin , HIGH ) ;
}
In November, a referendum to add the current statutory definition of marriage to the Minnesota state constitution narrowly lost, 47/53, in a presidential election featuring a large turnout for Barack Obama. The Democrats took control of the state legislature, and as expected, have worked to change the statutory definition — just as the marriage-amendment backers predicted if the referendum failed. The state House has scheduled a vote for Thursday, and the state Senate is preparing their own vote:
The Minnesota House has scheduled a Thursday debate and floor vote on the bill to legalize same-sex marriage in the state. House Speaker Paul Thissen has said that the bill would not be brought to a vote unless they had secured the 68 votes that would be needed to pass the legislation. A number of DFL lawmakers representing districts that supported last fall's proposed constitutional amendment to ban gay marriage have voiced their support of the marriage equality bill in recent weeks. Also on Tuesday, a Minnesota Senate committee is giving a last look at the bill to legalize gay marriage before full House and Senate votes. The Senate Finance Committee is planning to review the gay marriage bill's fiscal impact on Tuesday morning. A fiscal analysis finds it would add small costs to state employee health insurance costs but also generate revenue from an expected spike in marriage licenses.
Er, what? A marriage license costs $115, and is a one-time fee. If applicants supply proof of pre-marital counseling, that fee drops to $40. The “small costs” of adding hundreds of people to public-sector health insurance plans will cost a lot more than $115, and it will cost that every single year. Regardless of whether one supports redefining marriage in this state, this fiscal analysis is absurd.
Besides, the cost isn't the issue for either side. Politicians and voters have strong opinions on this, but it's not because it's going to cost the state oodles of money, which it won't. It's because both sides believe that this is an issue of liberty and cultural values, and the question will be which of the latter prevails, and what liberty remains for the other side.
In that vein, be sure to watch the video presentation from the Star Tribune by the opponents of this bill (which is not embeddable). The legislation contains language that supposedly protects religious institutions from being forced to facilitate same-sex weddings, but that doesn't cover private-sector businesses who may not want to participate in them because of their own religious beliefs. My friend Theresa Collett explains this near the end of the video, as they have from the earliest days of the marriage amendment debate.
Don't count on the religious protection to last, either. As I wrote at the time of the election, the close relationship between the state and religious institutions on weddings will provoke all sorts of lawsuits designed to force those institutions out of the marriage business entirely:
Third — and to my mind, the most compelling, especially of late — allowing for the possibility of redefining marriage leaves churches vulnerable to government intrusions at the altar. Right now, churches act as agents of the state in conducting weddings. For those who think that a change in definition would not inevitably lead to mandates on churches to “not discriminate” in conducting ceremonies for those relationships which violate their religious doctrines hasn't been paying attention to the HHS mandate. In that case, the federal government will force religious organizations (schools, charities, health-care providers) to violate their doctrines by facilitating access to contraception and sterilization, and that's without the added lever of acting in stead of the state, as churches do when officiating at weddings. Instead of leaving marriage to the churches, a change in definition will give the state a powerful way to either force churches to perform weddings that violate their belief systems or stop performing them altogether.
In my opinion, the state has zero legitimate interest in consensual sexual relationships between non-consanguinary adults — except for the procreative potential of heterosexual relationships. Otherwise, the proper action of government to all other consensual, non-consanguinary sexual relationships should be respect for private choices, not public validation. The recognition of marriage was never a “love license,” but a forward-looking institution designed to provide legal protection for families, especially oriented to children produced explicitly from those unions. Everything else should be a matter of contract law, which is sufficient to deal with all other issues.
Still, the licensing and recognition of marriages is a government policy, set by the people of the state, and the legislature is the legitimate representative institution for setting government policy (as opposed to the judiciary). Government at all levels passes unworkable and poorly-advised policies; it's part of the messy process of self-government. If Minnesotans decide the only legitimacy of adult relationships comes from government licensing of them, well, they'll have to deal with the consequences of that decision … and they won't be long in coming.
Update: Edited the penultimate paragraph after posting.
Update: Because this argument arose in the comments and in e-mail, I want to address it directly. This argument does not state that only marriages that produce children are legitimate marriages. The only relationships that can of themselves produce children are those which are heterosexual in nature, which means that the marriage form is defined by law as one man and one woman. Within that form, men and women can marry each other whether they intend to have children or not (or are capable of doing so or not), because that is the defined form of marriage that receives government recognition.
The form is established by the state interest in the relationship, but that doesn't require procreation for legitimacy. Once the form is established, it should be open to all who wish to enter into the specific relationship type for which government provides that recognition.
The Indian environment minister, Jairam Ramesh, has attacked the growing Indian taste for the American lifestyle, which they called the "most unsustainable in the world today".
In an interview with the Guardian, Ramesh, who will travel this weekend to Cancun in Mexico for the next round of global climate negotiations, said the world was paying the price for "the US model of development" which, they said, India and China have embraced.
"It is a paradigm fraught with grave risks. I shudder to think what will happen if we [in India] follow the suburban model of urbanisation," said Ramesh, who has established a reputation as one of the most proactive Indian environment ministers for many years.
"You can't blame the Americans. The US lifestyle has become the world lifestyle. [But] if we are going to replicate this model, it is a recipe for disaster for India as well as for the rest of the world. We should be showing the way … not just saying we are going to pay this price."
Ramesh has hit headlines in India with a series of decisions to halt industrial or infrastructure projects on environmental grounds, which have infuriated commercial lobbies and sometimes cabinet colleagues. They said there were many in India who wanted the country to "grow now, pay later. They say, let's follow the western model – or even the Chinese model."
Ramesh, who is a member of parliament for the governing Congress party in the central state of Andhra Pradesh, provoked controversy in India last week by calling the use of large SUV-type vehicles in urban areas "criminal". Such large and luxurious cars are seen as an essential symbol of success and status by India's increasingly wealthy upper-middle class, and there is a growing number on the country's choked roads.
But the 56-year-old former minister of power said such vehicles ran on fuel that is subsidised to help poor farmers.
They also spoke of their recent decision to cancel a hydroelectric project in the Himalayas to generate power for Delhi, which suffers chronic blackouts, asking: "Why should you cut forests in [the Himalayas] to feed the water demand of these farmhouses outside Delhi?" – a reference to the ranch-style residences on the capital's outskirts, popular with the wealthy. At a conference last week, the minister told an audience of business people that their ministry had cleared the vast majority of projects.
On Monday, Ramesh approved the building of a second airport for Mumbai, India's commercial capital, despite opposition from conservationists.
However, in recent months, they have ordered mining company Vedanta Resources to halt the expansion of its aluminium refinery in the eastern state of Orissa and denied the company permission to mine in Orissa's Niyamgiri Hills, an area deemed sacred by a local tribe. A decision on a controversial £8bn steel project by Posco, a South Korean company, is expected in the coming weeks.
Ramesh said "his whole endeavour" was to make environmentalism mainstream by linking it with public health.
"The environmental issue in India has been seen to be largely an upper-middle class elitist issue," the minister told the Guardian. "I believe that a larger number of Indians are actually concerned about the environment than we give credit for."
Hundreds of millions were worried about health issues, the causes of which were oftenproblems caused by pollution or land degradation, they said, adding that a new public health initiative, partly funded by the Bill Gates Foundation, would be launched in the coming weeks and would "transform perceptions".. A public health initiative, to be launched soon with funding from the Bill Gates Foundation, would transform perceptions, they added.
India has been repeatedly criticised by western powers for taking a confrontational position in climate-change negotiations. Ramesh warned that they had to "protect Indian economic interests", describing the Cancun meeting as "all about politics, not the environment".
Ramesh echoed other senior officials who have sought to lower expectations of next week's ministerial talks, saying that they did not expect any breakthrough. Cancun could however prove useful in creating "building blocks" towards a final agreement, they said.
Motorcycle enthusiasts browse bikes at the House of Harley on Layton Ave. during the 2011 Milwaukee Rally. Credit: Journal Sentinel files
SHARE
That rumble you hear is the sound of hundreds of Harley-Davidson motorcycles cruising into town for the 12th annual Milwaukee Rally beginning on Thursday.
The rally kicks off with Lynyrd Skynyrd performing at 8 p.m. at the Riverside Theater. The weekend also includes a look at Harley's 2013 models; a kickoff party for the 110th anniversary next year; live music and more. Many events are at area Harley-Davidson dealers; others are scattered around town.
Events at the Harley-Davidson Museum, 400 W. Canal St., are free and open to the public. They include:
Thursday, 5 p.m. until dark: The kickoff party for the 110th anniversary; the 2013 model launch; the largest Bike Night of the summer; and music from the Robert Allen Jr. Band.
Friday, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.: It's the first day of a two-day competition by professional bike builders; a fish fry and builder meet-and-greet and a Salute to Women Milwaukee Rally Ride.
Saturday, 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.: Day 2 of the bike builder competition and displays from bike artists.
Sunday, 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.: Harley-Davidson hosts a custom bike show until 4 p.m.; live music includes Jackie Brown & the Boys (11 a.m. to 1 p.m.) and Cold Sweat & the Brew City Horns (1:30 to 5 p.m.).
The rally includes a competition for riders to get pins at various participating bars from 6 to 9 p.m. Friday in the E. North Ave. area and from 6 to 9 p.m. Saturday on Water St.
There's also a pre-rally party scheduled for Quaker Steak & Lube, 4900 S. Moorland Road, New Berlin, on Wednesday.
See www.milwaukeerally.com for more information.
- Kathy Flanigan
Existing law, the Money Transmission Act, prohibits a person from engaging in the business of money transmission in this state, or advertising, soliciting, or holding itself out as providing money transmission in this state, unless the person is licensed by the Commissioner of Business Oversight or exempt from licensure under the act. Existing law requires applicants for licensure to pay the commissioner a specified nonrefundable fee and to complete an application form requiring certain information. As security, existing law requires each licensee to deposit and maintain on deposit with the Treasurer cash in an amount not less than, or securities having a market value not less than, such amount as the commissioner may find and order from time to time as necessary to secure the faithful performance of the obligations of the licensee with respect to money transmission in this state. Existing law requires a licensee at all times to own eligible securities, as defined, in a specified aggregate amount not less than the amount of all of its outstanding money received for transmission, as specified.
This bill would enact the Virtual Currency Act. The bill would prohibit a person from engaging in any virtual currency business, as defined, in this state unless the person is licensed by the Commissioner of Business Oversight or is exempt from the licensure requirement, as provided. The bill would require applicants for licensure, including an applicant for licensure and approval to acquire control of a licensee, to pay the commissioner a specified nonrefundable application fee and complete an application form required to include, among other things, information about the applicant, prior virtual currency services provided by the applicant, a sample form of receipt for transactions involving the business of virtual currency, and specified financial statements. The bill would make these licenses subject to annual renewal and would require a renewal fee paid to the commissioner in a specified amount. The bill would require licensees to annually pay the commissioner a specified amount for each licensee branch office. The bill would require applicants and licensees to pay the commissioner a specified hourly amount for the commissioner's examination costs, as provided. The bill would also require the commissioner to levy an assessment each fiscal year, on a pro rata basis, on licensees in an amount sufficient to meet the commissioner's expenses in administering these provisions and to provide a reasonable reserve for contingencies.
This bill would require each licensee to maintain at all times such capital as the commissioner determines, subject to specified factors, is sufficient to ensure the safety and soundness of the licensee, its ongoing operations, and maintain consumer protection. The bill would require each licensee to maintain a bond or trust account in United States dollars for the benefit of its consumers in the form and amount as specified by the commissioner.
This bill would authorize the commissioner to examine the business and any branch office of any licensee to ascertain whether the business is being conducted in a lawful manner and all virtual currency is properly accounted for. The bill would require a licensee to file a report with the commissioner within a specified period of time after the licensee knows about the occurrence of certain events relating to the virtual currency business and those persons connected to that business, and to also maintain records as required by the commissioner for a specified period of time.
With regard to enforcement, among other things, this bill would, if it appears that a licensee is violating or failing to comply with these provisions or conducting business in an unsafe or injurious manner, authorize the commissioner to order the licensee to comply or discontinue those practices. The bill would also authorize the commissioner to issue an order suspending or revoking a license, or placing a licensee in receivership, if after notice and an opportunity for a hearing, the commissioner makes a specified finding. The bill would provide that every order, decision, or other official act of the commissioner is subject to review.
This bill would authorize the commissioner to impose a civil penalty for a violation of these provisions.
Within a specified period after the fiscal year, the bill would require a licensee to file with the commissioner a specified audit report. Within a specified period after the end of each calendar quarter, the bill would require a licensee to file with the commissioner a report containing financial statements verified by 2 of the licensee's principal officers.
This bill would require a licensee to provide a specified consumer protection disclosure and receipt to its consumers.
This bill would authorize a virtual currency licensee in good standing that plans to engage in activities permitted under the Money Transmission Act to request that the commissioner convert their or their license into a license under the Money Transmission Act, as specified. The bill would authorize a person or entity conducting virtual currency business with less than $1,000,000 in outstanding obligations and whose business model, as determined by the commissioner, represents low or no risk to consumers to register with a $500 license fee and, if approved, receive a provisional license to conduct virtual currency business.
This bill would require a licensee, under the Money Transmission Act, to report to the commissioner its plan to engage in any virtual currency business and request permission to engage in that business subject to specified requirements and conditions, as determined by the commissioner.
This bill would make these provisions including the Virtual Currency Act operative on July 1, 2018.
(2) Existing law, the General Corporation Law, prohibits a corporation, social purpose corporation, association, or individual from issuing or putting in circulation, as money, anything but the lawful money of the United States.
This bill would delete that prohibition.
Four years after it began requiring TV stations to upload their records of political ad sales to a central government website, the Federal Communications Commission maintains a recordkeeping system that makes finding out who an ad's sponsor is feel like a treasure hunt.
In 2012, the FCC approved a rule requiring broadcast stations in the largest markets to upload the files showing who bought time for political ads, how much they paid and other details, saving journalists and others from having to visit individual TV stations to get the info. The directive was gradually expanded and now includes most broadcast, cable, satellite and radio outlets.
But the victory for open government turned out to be a website that is searchable only by station call letters, channel number, facility ID number and similar data — not by sponsoring group, candidate mentioned and other terms that would make it easier to track who is running ads in particular federal races, and how much they're spending.
The current filing system is “pretty useless” for the public, said Meredith McGehee, policy director at the Campaign Legal Center, which put out a report on the system's shortcomings this week.
The political ad purchase records, also known as political files, were basically an unorganized pile of mostly non-machine readable documents with no uniform filing system.
Earlier this month, the Center for Responsive Politics launched an ad data tracking tool searchable by state and zip code (and soon, by other terms) to continue efforts started by watchdog groups and news outlets such as Sunlight Foundation and ProPublica when the data first came out.
But the federal agency responsible for the data still maintains only a vague “due diligence” standard when it comes to stations' responsibility for ensuring the forms contain complete and accurate information.
How it shouldn't work
Here's an example: This particular ad-buy record of the National Rifle Association of America – Institute for Legislative Action — a 501(c)(4) that does not disclose its donors — from a Pennsylvania CBS affiliate, WHP-TV, is a short, casual thread of emails titled “NETWORK BUY.”
The WHP-TV email thread seems like a version of a contract document as it shows dates and times of ads to be aired, but it doesn't include any information on the amount charged for the broadcast time, contrary to the law.
Under the Section 315 of the Communications Act, all broadcasters have to maintain a complete record of requests to purchase air time that includes ad buyer and content information. Forms drawn up by the National Association of Broadcasters usually contain the same information. Contracts and invoices generally detail dates and times ads were aired and amount paid to purchase broadcast time.
Most stations use the NAB form — but not all. And beyond that, there is absolutely no standardization in filing.
According to a Campaign Legal Center consultant's analysis of the whole archive, broadcasters nationwide were using about 80 different forms to report the same type of information, making it difficult for anyone to sort the information.
It doesn't look like change is coming soon. Asked whether the FCC is building a standardized filing system for ad buy information, an agency spokesperson replied it is looking into the costs and benefits of making the political files machine-readable and machine-searchable.
Under the current system, ads don't have unique identification numbers, making it extremely difficult to match ads seen or heard on TV or radio to corresponding purchase records.
The NAB form for its buy from WHP-TV lists “National Rifle Association of America–Institute for Legislative Action” where it should have identified specific issues referenced in the ad.
With thousands of ad clips uploaded on YouTube by the NRA in the last few months, it is impossible to match the NAB form and the email contract with a specific ad.
An examination of the records shows this isn't unusual. In fact, count yourself lucky if you find any responses to questions asking for candidates names, issues the ad may mention or names of the sponsoring organizations' board members.
For instance, this NAB form shows that the conservative 501(c)(4) nonprofit One Nation has purchased TV time for “a message relating to any political matter of national importance,” but the document is missing required information on what the ad is about.
According to Campaign Legal Center's report, several stations have also incorrectly labeled ads as not “of national importance” when the contrary was true.
In June 2015, multiple broadcasters in Wisconsin, including ABC affiliate WBAY-TV, CBS affiliate WFRB and Fox affiliate WLUK aired ads from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce in support of Ron Johnson's Senate race. The corresponding NAB form, on the other ad, fails to say the ad is a “matter of national importance.”
Not only does the federal law clearly require broadcasters to identify ads that target any election to federal office, the NAB form kindly reminds filers to mark a communication “a message relating to any political matters of national importance” if the ad references “legally qualified federal candidate,” “any election to Federal office” or a “national legislative issue of public importance.”
Campaign Legal Center was able to confirm this was a false filing only after checking with the Chamber of Commerce itself, something that would be extremely difficult for an individual to do; super PACs and 501(c) groups often don't reveal their contact information to the public.
Sometimes, different stations put down completely different information for the same advertisement.
Last month, conservative dark money group One Nation spent about $1 million on airing an ad against the Obama administration's Medicare overhaul across Missouri, including Kansas City, St. Louis and Columbia.
While Kansas City station KMBC clearly marked the program as a message relating to a political matter of national importance and listed Sen. Roy Blunt (R-Mo.) as the target of the ad on its NAB form, Columbia's NBC affiliate KOMU and St. Louis' Fox affiliate KTVI left the boxes empty.
Ad buyer information reported for One Nation ads are even more baffling. Several One Nation documents show that either broadcast stations or ad buying agents have been mixing up the nonprofit group One Nation with One Nation PAC, which has no relation to One Nation and has purchased no ads in 2016.
In this particular ad purchase record for WMUR in New Hampshire from last month, the contract document lists One Nation PAC as the advertiser but the NAB Form identifies One Nation as the organization that will use the broadcast time.
As similar as they sound, there's an important difference between the two. One Nation is a tax-exempt 501(c)(4) nonprofit that has a legal privilege to keep its donors secret. One Nation PAC, on the other hand, is a Carey Committee, a hybrid that can contribute to candidates as well as make independent expenditures. But the PAC must disclose its donors.
Vermont's WCAX consistently lists One Nation as the advertiser in all its documents; but it uploaded all its One Nation filings under a folder named One Nation PAC on the FCC website.
WCAX General Sales Manager Nick Hasenecz, who files the reports for the station, told OpenSecrets Blog they aren't aware that the political action committee and the nonprofit group were separate entities. The station changed the folder's name to One Nation after the conversation with OpenSecrets Blog.
But WMUR and WCAX aren't alone in mixing up the two groups.
Because the database isn't sortable, it's difficult to check the whole archive, but an analysis shows that at least 10 different stations have listed One Nation and One Nation PAC interchangeably on their NAB forms, records of requests and contracts.
“The reason for this [missing and inaccurate information] is that the stations feel absolutely no pressure to fill in all the required information accurately,” McGehee said.
Under current rules, broadcast licensees have the sole burden of “due diligence” to report complete and accurate information. But because of the lack of precise definition for “due diligence,” stations can simply say they “asked” sponsors or ad-buying agencies for missing information but failed to get an answer.
An FCC spokesperson said the agency conducts periodic audits to ensure compliance with its rules and also reviews complaints filed with the FCC.
The agency usually issues warnings to stations that have failed to comply with the rules. Last month, a Florida radio station WQBQ (AM) was fined $15,000 by the FCC for failing to include required information in a public file.
However, McGeehee says fines and warnings don't happen often enough and aren't sufficient.
When the Campaign Legal Center and Sunlight Foundation filed complaints against TV stations in 2014, the FCC responded immediately with letters of inquiry to each of the stations and issued a statement claiming to take the matters seriously. However, the complaints still have not been resolved.
“It seems reasonable to assume that FCC is not making reasonable effort to provide the important information to the public,” McGehee said.
The devil's in the details
McGehee said easy access to accurate political ad buy information is especially critical since the Citizens United decision in 2010 because sometimes that's the only way to track huge amounts of dark money spending in elections.
Federal Election Commission rules allow 501(c) groups to spend millions without disclosing their activities to the agency as long as the ads run more than 30 days before a primary or 60 days before a general election. Political nonprofits have deliberately avoided spending within the window to avoid filing reports with the FEC.
One Nation's ad buy records compiled by the Center for Responsive Politics show that the dark money group has spent tens of millions of dollars already this election — a fact that can be partially gleaned from its website.
One Nation has already spent at least $25 million in 2016, but the FEC's database shows its outlays as a little over $200,000, because it only began reporting its spending to that agency two weeks ago.
The Campaign Legal Center, along with Common Cause, the Sunlight Foundation and the Benton Foundation, filed more complaints this week against several broadcasters across the nation that have failed to comply with the rules by leaving out important information or reporting false information on their political ad records.
In its new report, CLC called for building a machine-readable standardized filing system, updating the “due diligence” definition to clarify the responsibilities of broadcasters and requiring ad sponsors, under penalty of perjury to provide media outlets with accurate information.
For permission to reprint for commercial uses, such as textbooks, contact the Center: Feel free to distribute or cite this material, but please credit the Center for Responsive Politics.For permission to reprint for commercial uses, such as textbooks, contact the Center: [email protected]
Hot on the heels of the new Intense ACV plus bike comes the 115/130mm travel Primer 29. This rig is meant as a do-it-all shred sled, replacing the popular Spider and suiting a wide variety of trail riders. We had the opportunity to catch up with Jeff Steber for a quick chat about everything that makes it awesome.
Primer 29 Highlights
Adjustable Travel: 115 or 130mm (4.5 or 5-inches) rear // 140mm front
JS Tuned Suspension
Monocoque UD Carbon Front and Rear Triangle
29-inch Wheel Size
Integrated Boost 148x12mm Dropouts
Internal Cable and Dropper Post Routing
Water Bottle Mount
Downtube and Chainstay Flack Guard Protection
Angular Contact/Collet Bearing System with Replaceable Grease Zerks
Geometry
Build Kits, Pricing and Availability
The Primer 29 is available in four complete builds and a variety of glossy paint jobs. Clockwise from top left: Foundation ($4,599 US), Expert ($5,899 US), Pro ($6,699 US), and Factory ($9,499 US). Factory and Pro models feature the SL monocoque UD carbon front and rear triangle with carbon top link and titanium hardware.
Visit an Intense dealer to take one for a spin, or head over to www.intensecycles.com for more details. They're available now.
Photos by AJ Barlas and Colin Meagher
Nearby Shops is an open source multi-vendor e-commerce app primarily designed for local shopping needs
Nearby Shops helps people buy items like fruits, vegetables and grocery from shops located near to them and even get a home delivery of the items they have purchased.
What does it mean to buy from shops near to you ?
Shops like fruit shop and vegetable shop typically deliver only to an area of say 4 kms or 5 kms or in a single city. Shops like these have a lower delivery Range. Delivery Range is the distance upto which a shop can deliver their orders. Nearby Shops is an e-commerce app designed specifically for shops with lower delivery range. A Shop which can deliver only to the customer living within the same city.
Download Links
End-User app Link : Google Playstore link for End-User app
Shop-Owner app Link : Google Playstore link for shop-owner app
Demo
Instructions for End User app Demo
The nearby shops currently have shops available in only few cities. If you are living in a city where shops are not available. You need to fake your location and set it to some location where shops are available.
Use any location faker app which you can download from Google Playstore and set your location to “Hyderabad, India”. You may see some shops and items visible in the nearby shops app.
Login credentials for end-user app are : 9490523891 (Username) | password (password)
Login to the end-user app with the above login credentials and enjoy the demo.
Instructions for Shop Owner app Demo
After you install the shop owner app from Google Play Store. You can login using the following credentials.
Login credentials : 8074516088 (username) | password (password)
Login to the shop owner app with the above credentials and enjoy the demo.
Features and Highlights
Fully open source licensed under permissive MIT license
Phone and E-mail verification using OTP
Push-Notifications using Open-Signal and Firebase
Designed as a Multi-vendor e-commerce platform
Designed Primarily for Mobile and Smartphone
Visibility of shops are filtered using delivery range of the Shop
Ability to add staff members to the shop and assign permissions to staff members.
Technology Stack : Nearby Shops is Built with
The app has a java REST API in the backend and three Native android apps in the front end. Java API Backend uses Maven as a build system with following dependencies
Postgres DB as a Primary Database
Jersey Framework – (JAX-RS Implementation) for REST API Endpoints
Jetty Server as an Embedded HTTP Server in the app
HikariCP for Connection Pooling
Thumbnailator for Generating resized versions of Images
Security
App authenticates using basic auth. with TLS encryption yet to be added.
Third Party Integrations
Push Notifications using One Signal and Firebase
SMS and OTP delivery using MSG91
Payment Gateway using RazorPay
E-mail using Mailgun
Instructions for Customization
If you intend to use Nearby Shops software then please use your own logo and app name. Don't use nearby shops logo and app name.
Fully open source with no proprietary features
All the features in nearby shops is fully open source and we don't offer any premium features.
Licensed under a permissive MIT licence. You are free to use the source code even for commercial usage.
Fully Open Source Forever Guarantee
We have often seen that many good projects start as open-source and later their open-source nature is compromised due to commercial interests. Commercial interests do not truly value open-source and they see open-source merely as a marketing gimmick which can help in the marketing.
Open Source for us is not a marketing gimmick which we use to promote or market our project. We truly believe in open source principles and that it offers great potential to benefit the people and economy. We truly appreciate the benefits it offers like no vendor lock-in and freedom to adapt and customize the software according to our needs.
Therefore it is our promise that we will never close source a feature or a part of a project. Even if there is less income.
To ensure that project remains fully open source forever we promise that we will never sell the project to a commercial organization who do not believe in open-source values.
Kia Flyaway Sweepstakes
Enter to win for a chance to see the Blues on the road in 2015-16!
First Prize - Two tickets to an upcoming Blues home game.
- Two tickets to an upcoming Blues home game. Second Prize - Autographed Blues replica jersey
- Autographed Blues replica jersey Third Prize - Autographed Blues souvenir hockey stick
The St. Louis Blues and Kia have teamed up to offer fans a chance to take a road trip during the 2015-16 season!One grand prize winner will enjoy a road trip to see the Blues next season, which will include roundtrip airfare for two, hotel accommodations at the team hotel, and $500 of spending money.In addition, nine additional winners will receive one of the following sets of prizes:These sweepstakes is open to legal residents of Missouri and Illinois (25 or older). The deadline to register is April 12, 2015 at 5 p.m. CT. Click here to view the Official Rules.
SURPRISE, Ariz. -- The Texas Rangers announced Friday that team president Nolan Ryan is adding the title of CEO, replacing Chuck Greenberg, who is leaving the organization.
Ryan will oversee all baseball and business operations for the organization, reporting directly to the board of directors.
In a Rangers news release, Greenberg, who was managing general partner and CEO, said he, Ryan and co-chairpeople of the board Ray Davis and Bob Simpson have "somewhat different styles" and they said they were disappointed that they "did not work through our differences."
Sources said Greenberg's departure was the result of a variety of factors that built up during the offseason.
One included Greenberg's selling a suite at Rangers Ballpark in Arlington that general manager Jon Daniels used for meetings and to entertain family members and various opposing front-office people. Ryan and Daniels didn't want the suite sold.
Greenberg also got more involved in the Michael Young trade talks than the baseball operations staff wanted, sources confirmed.
"I really think that we shouldn't bring up any differences that we had, so I'm really not going to go into that," Ryan said during a Friday afternoon news conference with Davis and Simpson at Rangers Ballpark in Arlington. "I don't really think there was an event that created the separation that we had. I think it's just a combination of philosophy. Like a marriage, you think things are going to work, but we all know in business that until you get in there on a day-to-day basis, you don't get a feel for how it's going to work."
Ryan said they did not envision their role changing significantly after serving as the team president the previous three seasons. Several Rangers officials, including Ryan and Daniels, said Greenberg's exit would not affect baseball operations.
We had a chat with Martin Lövgren and Johan Ilves from Stunlock Studios who showed off their new game Battlerite, a "team arena brawler" where teams of two face off in a battle where random elements have been outlawed.
"It's the next generation of an esports arena MOBA experience," says Lövgren. "We don't want to call it a MOBA, we want to call it a team arena brawler, but it has a MOBA type topdown view, with a shooter style with the controls."
"We don't want any random elements and we want it very quick pace, so you have a lot of dodging. Everything is skill-based, you have to aim your heals, aim your melee attacks. Everything can be dodged. No offensive abilities can't be avoided."
Battlerite which Stunlock considers a spiritual successor to their first game, Bloodline Champions, is planned for release later this year.
I was talking to my human larva about their fears and concerns. You know the trivial pointless fears that young people have until they reach adulthood and then and ONLY then experience true fear.
They were blathering on about something silly about girls or possibly arson. I don't know I was only half listening at the time.
The boy asked me what are some of the things that I worry about.
Gravity or the lack there of used to scare the crap out of me as a kid. I used to have vivid nightmares that it would stop working for me and I would spin off into the endless void shrieking in terror.
The world would slowly get smaller and smaller as I drifted off into space. Eventually I would dream the Earth would disappear entirely and I would be left alone in the icy void.
Alone and yet not alone as I would begin to hear the cold whispered voices of long dead gods and races that never were. The horrifying knowledge they would impart to me would drive me mad with forbidden truths and nameless dread.
You know, kids stuff.
In the period immediately before the Civil War, the most ferocious rhetoric came out of the mouths of Southern Democrats who were soon known as “fire-eaters." They got that nickname because of the strength of their rhetoric in support of slavery and their willingness to talk about secession as a response to the possibility of abolitionists gaining influence in Congress, and even winning the White House. The louder and more ferocious speeches they gave, the stronger the abolitionist position seemed to become.
Today, we again have Democratic fire-eaters whose violent rhetoric is strengthening the support enjoyed by their opponents. First it was a statement by Professor Erik Loomis at the University of Rhode Island, saying that they wanted “Wayne LaPierre's head on a stick.” Okay, maybe that was just hyperbolic rhetoric, intended as a figure of speech. Now, we have a far less figurative statement by Donald Kaul in the Des Moines Register:
Declare the NRA a terrorist organization and make membership illegal. Hey! We did it to the Communist Party, and the NRA has led to the deaths of more of us than American Commies ever did. (I would also raze the organization's headquarters, clear the rubble and salt the earth, but that's optional.) Make ownership of unlicensed assault rifles a felony. If some people refused to give up their guns, that "prying the guns from their cold, dead hands" thing works for me.
Is that clear enough for you?  They are declaring their desire to see millions of Americans killed to support their goals, while at the same time making membership in a peaceful organization a criminal matter.
It gets worse: “Then I would tie Mitch McConnell and John Boehner, our esteemed Republican leaders, to the back of a Chevy pickup truck and drag them around a parking lot until they saw the light on gun control.” I remember a few years ago an incident where several criminals in Texas did something like that to a black man; it is obvious who Kaul sees as their role models. Donald Kaul thinks that disagreeing with them about a political matter justifies torturing someone to death.
click image Photo by Michael Vadon via Flickr.
Concerned constituents are raising their voices at a town hall in Tampa tonight, but Florida Sen. Marco Rubio won't be there.The town hall, scheduled for 7 p.m. Wednesday, Feb. 22, at the Tampa Letter Carriers Hall, was put together by constituents unaffiliated with any group. The constituents have extended this invitation to Rubio to discuss the concerns of Tampa residents.However, a spokesperson with Rubio's office reached out to us saying the senator isn't attending tonight's town hall because "the organizers are deceiving people by falsely advertising this event, which is not connected to us in any way."Rubio announced on Twitter Monday that they would be out of the country this week, attending meetings in Germany and France. But organizers for the town hall reached out to Rubio with an invitation over a week ago and didn't hear back from their office.Matt Wolking, Rubio's press secretary, says that organizers are using an online activist manual put together by the group Indivisible "to stage a hostile atmosphere, record themselves booing no matter what is said, and refuse to give up the microphone."In the manual, Indivisible states that constituents should "be polite, but persistent and demand real answers." The guide advocates for constituents to call out politicians who don't give real answers, and for audience members to amplify this by either "The guide also advocates not giving up the microphone "until you're satisfied with the answer."Sarah Dohl, a spokesperson for Indivisible, says "Around the country, groups of constituents, both inspired by our guide and not, are charting their own path as they try to engage with their representatives. If Senator Rubio does not wish to engage with their own constituents who are asking them to talk to them, that's their choice and they shouldn't hide behind a PDF on the internet."She went on to say, "Ultimately, the point of a town hall is to have an open and honest exchange between constituents and their elected representative. It is the job of elected officials to listen to and represent their constituents, and that involves hearing criticism - in some cases, passionate criticism."Melissa Gallagher, the organizer for the Tampa town hall , says that Rubio's spokesperson's comments could not be further from the truth. They say they are an individual acting with the help of volunteers and isn't a part of Indivisible or any other group."We're engaging in a civil, non-confrontational, peaceful dialogue, as is our right to assemble and demand proper representation from our senator," they say.Gallagher mentioned that not only has they never heard of the manual Rubio's office referenced in regard to tonight's event, but that they set up the town hall meeting with the help of a few other volunteers, unaffiliated with any formal organization."Tampa constituents have reached out by phone, by email, and in person to communicate and voice concerns about our political environment," they say."Many constituents have been barred from the office building by using security, barricades and police."Gallagher claims that when they went to a meeting with one of Rubio's Tampa staffers, they noticed that the phones didn't ring once during their 20-minute meeting. Suspecting something was wrong, Gallagher says when they got downstairs to the lobby, they called the office herself, which went straight to a full voicemail box, even though they had just been upstairs talking to staff moments before.It's one of the reasons they decided to plan a town hall in the first place."Not everyone has the ability or the luxury to meet with our representatives during office hours," they say.We've previously reported about protests outside of Rubio's Orlando office (which, he's almost never at), with constituents calling for them to hold a town hall on issues like repealing the Affordable Care Act, and denouncing Trump's cabinet picks.So far, Rubio hasn't announced a single scheduled town hall meeting in Tampa, Miami or in Orlando.Gallagher says that even though Rubio's office has denied that they will attend the town hall, their invitation still stands, even if they just wants to Skype in during the event."We would like for their office to recognize the demand of Tampa Bay constituents, the demand for them to hold a town hall in our city," they say.If Rubio is avoiding town hall meetings because of groups like Indivisible, it's clear now that they are missing the real concerns of ordinary constituents who are looking for answers. It remains to be seen how this strategy will work out for them in the long run.We've reached out to Rubio's office for further comment.Marco Rubio's office has responded and stated, "From the beginning, our office made it clear to other members of Gallagher's planning committee, the venue's owners, and others who have contacted us about this event that Senator Rubio is unable to attend." The response went on to say, "We have been fully accessible and responsive to constituents, and our staff in Tampa has met with dozens of these liberal activists – including Gallagher about half a dozen times."
0 SHARES Share Tweet
June is LGBT Pride Month, and what better way to celebrate than to talk about how much easier it is to be gay now than to be an atheist. Would my parents feel better if I was gay instead of atheist? That's not at all clear. (But I'm pretty sure my fiancé prefers the latter.)
Ronald Lindsay's essay does make the accurate point that the LGBT movement is farther up the acceptance curve than atheists are. Sure, gays are only despised in many areas of the country, while atheists are a scourge throughout it.
Yet it's pretty clear that equal rights and social equality for gays and lesbians is inevitable, even if they must first wait for all the Baby Boomers to die. I think atheists will get there too, but that may take an additional generation. Repeated studies have indicated that a Muslim Hispanic lesbian high school dropout with a kitten drowning fetish would be elected to the Oval Office long before anyone entrusts the nuclear codes to an Ivy League educated white male golf-playing baby-eating atheist.
Clearly, there are parallels between the groups, much as any of these freedom movements have parallels, but they are not the same. One of Lindsay's points of difference is that atheists, unlike homosexuals, make a choice. I'm not so sure.
It wasn't that long ago that the conventional wisdom was that homosexuality was a choice. Genetic studies and other scientific evidence have since dispelled that myth. I strongly believe that gays being born that way has contributed more than a little to their societal acceptance.
If you talk to a few gay people it becomes pretty clear there was no point in their life when they decided to be gay. However, most do have a point where they stopped pretending to be heterosexual. Those are not remotely the same things.
Science has yet to nail down a “god gene”, but there is work going on that does at least suggest a genetic origin for predisposition toward the spiritual. I think discovery of such a DNA based origin for faith or the lack of it would go a long way toward making atheists less threatening. However, I won't be able to stop snickering at the delicious irony if it turns out religion was an evolutionary trait along.
I know for me personally, I could not choose to be religious. My brain is simply not wired that way. I could choose to act religious, but that's not the same thing. Especially in this country, the bar for appearing Christian is quite low in most communities. Simply don't talk about religion, wish everyone a Merry Christmas, and show up to church every Easter. That clearly doesn't make you religious, but you'd pass as a default Christian in the average American town.
This may be the real key difference between gays and atheists in society. Homosexuals are not asexual. If they were, they would have no desire for romantic attachment. As an asexual, it would be fairly easy to just keep your mouth shut and let everyone assume you were single and straight—much like the closeted atheist.
But homosexuals do have desires. They want to be in relationships, have families and all that social-centric stuff. In religion terms, being gay is more like being Hindu than atheist. They want to practice, just differently. It's definitely easier to just decline to play rather than want to play, but by different rules.
So, I think it is harder being gay in society than atheist. And I think the ease of ignoring or hiding one's atheism is also why getting atheists to come out of the closet will always be more problematic. Hence,the reason the movement toward atheist's rights will progress slowly… glacially even. We'll get there, but probably not in my lifetime.
My mother always said I could grow up to be President. It turns out that's not so true.
This link's been sitting on my desktop for almost two weeks now, constantly reminding me that I wanted to bring it to your attention and say a thing or two about it: Eric Eckholm, " Reports Find Racial Gap in Drug Arrests ,"May 6th, 2008. It's based largely on a newly updated report from Human Rights Watch,and its main conclusion, as reported by theis that "large disparities persist in the rate at which blacks and whites are arrested and imprisoned for drug offenses, even though(emphasis added by me).I emphasize the end of that sentence because most Americans who get their news from television take it for granted that this is not true, but you can look up the numbers yourself in the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration's recurring reports. This paragraph in thewas a major breakthrough of reality into most people's racist fiction; I've heard it claimed that it's the first time a major newspaper in the US has admitted, above the fold, that blacks and whites use illegal drugs at basically identical rates.Now, here's the fascinating thing that I didn't know until I saw it in thethis is a more localized problem than I ever guessed. In every state for which they were able to get data, black drug users are more likely to go to jail than white drug users. But the level of the disparity varies from a low in my own home state of Missouri of 2.7 to 1, to a high in Wisconsin (of all places) ofThe comments to thearticle include a lot of speculation, only some of it at all informed by facts, as to why the disparity is so wide. One plausible hypothesis about Missouri's numbers is that it's the result of a very high profile campaign against both marijuana and methamphetamine by the state police in (very, very white) rural south-central Missouri bringing up the arrest rate for white drug users. One hypothesis that I find equally plausible about Barack Obama's home state of Illinois, knowing what I know about Illinois politics, is that one of the things that makes Illinois' rate the 2nd worst in the nation (23.6 to 1) has to do with the fact that the state police and the feds both almost completely ignore down-state Illinois (almost entirely white outside of the East St. Louis area), that all the police resources are up in (more racially mixed) Chicago, so there are no state or federal cops to bust the vast majority of Illinois' white drug users who live in nearly-all-white rural counties. Anyway, the actual results are in a table in the report I linked above, but to give you a taste for it, here's themap:Oh, and I can't resist saying it, but isn't it justoverlaying that map with the map of the states that Hillary Clinton won?
Satnews Daily
Progress Spacecraft Anomaly Noted By Vandenberg Air Force Base's Joint Functional Component Command
[SatNews] Joint Functional Component Command for Space's Joint Space Operations Center made an initial observation of an anomaly with an International Space Station Progress resupply cargo craft at 12:04 a.m. (3:04 a.m. EDT), today, April 28, 2015.
An archive photo of an unpiloted ISS Progress resupply vehicle approaching the International Space Station, bringing propellant, oxygen, air, water, spare parts and supplies. Photo: NASA An archive photo of an unpiloted ISS Progress resupply vehicle approaching the International Space Station, bringing propellant, oxygen, air, water, spare parts and supplies. Photo: NASA
The JSpOC immediately began tracking the event and initiated the appropriate reporting procedures. Currently, the JSpOC can confirm that the resupply vehicle is rotating at a rate of 360 degrees every five seconds. Additionally, the JSpOC has observed 44 pieces of debris in the vicinity of the resupply vehicle and its upper stage rocket body; however, it cannot confirm at this time if the debris is from the rocket body or vehicle itself.
"Human spaceflight safety is our chief concern," said Lt. Gen. Jay Raymond, JFCC Space and 14th Air Force (Air Forces Strategic) Commander. "We will continue to monitor the situation and work with our government, international and industry partners to ensure the safety of the astronauts onboard the ISS and provide for the long-term safety, sustainability, security and stability of the space domain."
The JSpOC will continuously track the cargo craft and debris, performing conjunction analysis and warning of any potential collisions in order to ensure spaceflight safety for all. Any questions regarding the ISS should be directed to NASA and questions about the cargo craft and the ongoing attempts to command it should be directed to Russian flight controllers.
Much Abrew About Nothing: Modern RallyFenza
by SaffronOlive // Nov 03, 2015 Tweet
video Much Abrew About Nothing
Hello everyone and welcome to the first edition of Much Abrew About Nothing, a brand-new series here on MTGGoldfish. Special thanks to Matt Sperling for the awesome name. One thing we've had a ton of request for over the past few months is a series showing off upgraded versions Budget Magic decks. Much Abrew About Nothing falls at the intersection of Budget Magic and Against the Odds. In this series we'll feature cool, under-the-radar decks that are too expensive for Budget Magic or too competitive for Against the Odds. Basically, this series is a place where I get to play whatever cool deck happens to catch my fancy, without worry about prices or losing millions of games for your viewing pleasure.
This week's deck walks the line between the two camps. It's an upgraded version of the Rally Vampire deck we played on Budget Magic, but it's so different from the original it's more of a reinvention than an upgrade. While we still run Rally the Ancestors / Return to the Ranks, most of the Vampires are gone thanks to a brand-new card printed in Battle for Zendikar:
We'll break down the deck after the videos, but first a quick reminder. If you enjoy Much Abrew About Nothing and other video content on MTGGoldfish, subscribe to the MTGGoldfish Youtube Channel to keep up on all the latest and greatest.
RallyFenza Intro
RallyFenza vs Twin
RallyFenza vs Bant Control
RallyFenza vs Zoo
RallyFenza vs Naya Burn
RallyFenza vs TarmoTwin
RallyFenza is what Rally Vampires always wanted to be. It's not just a good budget option, but a real Modern deck. Since arriving at the current list. I am 9-1 on Magic Online. My record is 1-0 vs Death and Taxes, 4-1 vs Twin, 2-0 vs Burn, 1-0 vs Control, and 1-0 vs Zoo. While I don't think our Twin matchup is really 80/20, it does feel fairly strong. We can combo off just as fast as they can and more resiliently thanks to Return to the Ranks and Rally the Ancestors. This deck has been killing it, and I think it has the potential to be a real player in the format.
Looking over the most played decks in Modern, I believe we have a positive matchup against most of the field. Lets begin with the bad matchups. Infect is bad since it doesn't care about life gain and is typically faster than we are. We do have access to the full set of Path to Exiles to give us a slight chance post board. Amulet Bloom is a nightmare because we don't interact well with Primeval Titan or the Hive Mind kill. Tron and Merfolk feel like 50/50 matchups depending on the draws. Affinity is also super draw dependent. We are dogs in game one, where they can usually beat us down with random fliers and creature-lands, but in game two we get not only Path to Exile, but Stony Silence and Disenchant.
Where does the deck crush it? We destroy removal based midrange decks like Jund and Abzan. Their plan is to kill our creatures and win with ground beaters. Our deck wants our creatures to die and can block Tarmogoyf and Tasigur, the Golden Fang for eons. We are usually fast enough to beat Scapeshift, especially when you consider our life gain means they need more than seven lands to combo off. Burn, Zoo, and other ground-based aggro decks are some of our best matchups. Not only do we beat these decks, but I'm 2-0 in games where our opponents resolve Rain of Gore and Leyline of Sanctity, two of the better cards against our deck.
Basically, we are favored against anything looking to win with ground creatures, direct damage, and/or removal. We are slightly favored against slower combo decks (Scapeshift, Twin), 50/50 against decks where our ability to block doesn't matter, and disadvantaged against fast combo decks.
The Deck
$ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00
Just like Rally Vampires, Blood Artists and sacrifice outlets are the centerpiece of the build. Unlike Rally Vampires we don't have to play Kalastria Highborn as Blood Artist numbers 5-8. Zulaport Cutthroat fill that role, which is great because paying mana for the "drain" trigger is pretty clunky. Since we don't play Kalastria Highborn, we don't need the rest of the Vampires. Instead, we get to play with Cartel Aristocrat, one of the best "sac" outlets in Modern. As you'll see in the videos, I started with Bloodthrone Vampire in the two-drop sac outlet slot, but it quickly became apparent Cartel Aristocrat was better since it is more resilient and a much better blocker. However, the biggest benefactor of the non-Vampire build is we get to play an infinite combo.
$ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00
With Rally Vampires, it typically took us two or three turns to grind our opponent out. We would build up a board, sac it away while scrying to find a Rally the Ancestors or Return to the Ranks, get everything back with said spell, and rinse and repeat until our opponent was dead. While we still win most of our games in this fashion, the addition of Anafenza, Kin-Tree Spirit and Safehold Elite allows us to randomly kill our opponent out of nowhere, starting on turn four.
The combo is basically the same as Anafenza, Kin-Tree Spirit with Kitchen Finks or Murderous Redcap. After testing the two persist creatures, I realized what we really needed was a persist creature that we could get back from the graveyard with Return to the Ranks. Enter Safehold Elite. With a Blood Artist, a sac outlet, and Anafenza, Kin-Tree Spirit on the battlefield, we can loop Safehold Elite an infinite number of times, dealing infinite damage and gaining infinite life. We can do this from our graveyard (with Return to the Ranks), at instant speed (with Collected Company), or from our graveyard at instant speed (with Rally the Ancestors).
Incorporating Collected Company was a watershed moment for the deck. Collected Company ensures our opponent never gets comfortable. Regardless of how bad things look for us, we are usually a draw away from winning the game. It's a similar feeling to a Twin player with Deceiver Exarch on the battlefield. Instead of being a slow, grindy, resilient deck, we are now a grindy, resilient deck that can also combo an opponent out on turn four.
$ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00
The other thing that was missing from Rally Vampires was a way to fill our graveyard. While we could do it eventually with our sacrifice outlets, Satyr Wayfinder makes Rally the Ancestors and Return to the Ranks more devastating. Plus Wayfinder allows us to trim the number of lands, down to 21, and still cast our Collected Companys on time.
Speaking of Collected Company, when I first started working on an updated version of the deck it was straight White / Black. Then I realized we were either flooding or fizzling way too often. Since we have 27 creatures with a converted mana cost three or less, Collected Company is the perfect solution to the problem. Collected Company gives us an additional way to combo off out of nowhere. I've had a few games where our board consisted of Viscera Seer and Anafenza, Kin-Tree Spirit — not exactly a scary situation for an opponent. But when they tapped out to loot with Desolate Lighthouse, we cast Collected Company to hit Safehold Elite and win on the spot.
The Sideboard
The sideboard is still a work in process. Currently I've been siding in Path to Exile against Twin, Infect, and Affinity. Duress and Thoughtseize come in against control decks and decks with specific hate cards like Grafdigger's Cage (beatable) and Rest in Peace / Leyline of the Void (less beatable), Disenchant also comes in against the hate card I just mentioned. Stony Silence is for Affinity and Tron. Eidolon of Rhetoric is for Angel's Grace, Storm, and other random, "big turn" combo decks.
$ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00
Two cards that could find a home in the sideboard are Reclamation Sage and Burrention Forge-Tender. Reclamation Sage is probably better than Disenchant, since killing an artifact or enchantment at instant speed is rarely important to our deck, and we can hit Reclamation Sage with Collected Company. Burrention Forge-Tender, on the other hand, is a great answer to Conflagrate from the Angel's Grace combo, but I'm not sure it's better than Eidolon of Rhetoric which has applications against more decks.
Tips and Hints
The Future
$ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00
Right now our biggest weakness (apart from fast combo, which already gets better post-board with Thoughtseize, Duress and Eidolon of Rhetoric) is getting beat down with Inkmoth Nexus, Vendilion Clique, Vault Skirge, and other fliers. Lingering Souls is a solution to this problem since we don't really need to kill a flier. We just need to keep it at bay long enough to combo off. Blocking with a Spirit token and sacrificing the token before damage to generate a few Blood Artist triggers goes a long way against Affinity, Infect, and Restoration Angel decks. Plus, some decks just lose to Lingering Souls by itself.
The problem with Lingering Souls is that it's a no-bo with Return to the Ranks, Rally the Ancestors, and Collected Company. I've been hesitant to put Lingering Souls into the current build. I just don't know what to cut since our list is super tight and has zero flex slots apart from the singleton Path to Exile. Bitterblossom seems like it has potential since the life gain from Zulaport Cutthroat and Blood Artist negate the life loss from Bitterblossom. Here we run into the same problem, it just doesn't work well with the rest of our non-creature spells.
The point is, I think this deck really wants Lingering Souls in the 75 to shore up some less than great matchups, but I don't know how to make it work. If you have any suggestions on how to incorporate Lingering Souls or Bitterblossom into RallyFenza, make sure to let me know in the comments.
Budget RallyFenza
Conclusion
Just in case you didn't figure it out while watching the videos or reading the article, I love this deck. Even beyond my personal feelings, it has proven itself to be not only competitive, but extremely powerful. If I was heading to a Modern Grand Prix or SCG Open this weekend, I would be playing some version of RallyFenza. And I would expect to be successful with the deck. It's that good.
The other thing I'm excited about is just how endless the possibilities are for the archetype. Beyond the eight Blood Artists and eight sac outlets, there are a million possibilities. You could go tokens with Lingering Souls and Bitterblossom. You could add in more green and play Voice of Resurgence and Chord of Calling to make the Anafenza, Kin-Tree Spirit the focal point. Other people have mentioned Lotleth Troll, Bloodghast, and Gravecrawler. Now that we have eight Blood Artists, eight Return to the Ranks, and eight amazing sac outlets the sky is the limit. Don't be surprised if we see another Modern Rally deck on MTGGoldfish in the future. I don't think I've gotten it out of my system yet. RallyFenza just too much fun and explosive to leave.
Anyway, that's all for today. Leave your thoughts, opinions, and ideas in the comments. You can reach me on Twitter (or MTGO) @SaffronOlive.
LEXINGTON, KY—Following a pedestrian stop Monday night during which they fired their weapons on a suspicious individual, patrol officers for the Fayette County Police Department were pleasantly surprised to discover the man they shot was armed, sources confirmed. “Well, what do you know—he really was carrying a gun,” said officer Dustin Hayes, smiling upon finding a 9mm pistol on the body of the 23-year-old individual shortly after the police officer and their partner discharged their firearms a total of 19 times. “I honestly had no idea if they had a handgun, so it's pretty great to find one right there tucked into their waistband. This makes the rest of our week a whole lot easier.” Officers said they were further relieved after discovering the man had a petty theft charge on their record, ensuring they were 100 percent off the hook.
The Central Bank of Bolivia has taken strict measures to limit the use of virtual currencies within the country.
The Bolivian Supervisory Authority of the Financial System (ASFI) is detaining users of cryptocurrencies. According to a statement published by the ASFI, 60 “cryptocurrency promoters” were arrested by the Special Force to Combat and Control Crime last week, which claims the detainees were “training” others in how to invest in virtual currencies.
In the statement, Lenny Valdivia Bautista, Executive Director General of ASFI, expressed that it is imperative to remember that the Central Bank of Bolivia (BCB) has forbidden the circulation and use of virtual currencies of any kind. They then went on to urge the Bolivian population not to participate in cryptocurrency trading within unapproved closed groups of WhatsApp due to the high likelihood of being scammed, and encouraged the population to look “after their savings and the economy of their families by denouncing these unlawful activities.”
As per Bautista:
“Yesterday, we seized brochures that have to do with business schemes relating to virtual currencies that would be operating abroad, and are advising the Bolivian population not be fooled with such schemes that only take advantage of the population by acquiring their money.”
This isn't the first time Bolivian authorities have been unwelcoming to virtual currencies. On May 6, 2014, the BCB publicized regulations that prohibited the use and circulation of any type of currency that wasn't issued by the central bank based on resolution No. 044/2014.
ETHNews will continue to provide coverage on this story as it further develops.
Angela Nagle is a writer based in Ireland. Them work has appeared in the Irish Times, the Dublin Review of Books, and the Atlantic. Them article “The New Man of 4Chan” for the Baffler was the basis for a book coming out from Zero Books next year tentatively titled “Kill All Normies: The online culture wars from 4chan to Trump.” We discuss their book and research in this episode.
Thanks goes out to our Zero Books Club members. Now is a good time to support Zero Books and left publishing in general and one way to do it is to sign up to be a Zero Books Club member and receive our weekly Inside Zero Books podcast.
Also featured in this episode is an email from a listener following last week's interview with Michael Rectenwald, some thoughts on transgender politics and intersectionality, an excerpt from Norman Mailer's film Maidstone, a quick definition of the word "cuck," and an instrumental version of the Trololo song.
devaluation of the Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes +
information on the PM's personal corruption +
NEW DELHI: Congress Vice-President Rahul Gandhi today called thea 'Modi-made disaster,' just a day after they likened the currency ban to a 'firebombing' on honest Indians."Just how we say 'man-made disaster' in English, demonetisation is a Modi-made disaster," Rahul told a rally in Belgaum, Karnataka.He accused PM Modi of being the first Prime Minister in the history of the country to attack the poor."For the first time in the history of India, Prime Minister has attacked the poor people of this country. Usually the Prime Minister works for the country. They work for the economy, but Narendra Modi has attacked our economic system," Rahul said.Rahul squarely blamed PM Modi for the hardships people faced after demonetisation. They claimed that a 100 people had died, and said the PM was responsible for their deaths."Fidel Castro (Cuban revolutionary) was remembered in the Parliament and we stood in silence for two minutes as a mark of respect to him, but BJP leaders did not have two minutes time for these hundred people," they said."Who is responsible for their deaths? Narendra Modi is responsible....In the last two and half years Narendra Modi government has been attacking the poor," they added.Yesterday, Rahul had said at a rally that one per cent of the population had acquired the lion's share of the country's wealth in the last two and a half years, and that 99 per cent of Indians were honest. They touched on those same themes today, and even pledged to remove the Modi government - which they said was for the one percent of rich Indians - from Delhi."In the last two and half years, one per cent super rich in this country have amassed 70 per cent of India's wealth and if you look deep into this one per cent, only 50 families have (the) major portion of India's wealth.""You know their names; these are the people who travel with Narendra Modi to America, Japan, and Australia," Rahul said."Congress wants to get rid of corruption from India, and whatever step the BJP government takes - whether it is big or small - if it is against corruption we will give it full support," they said.Asserting that demonetization was not against the rich but against the poor, middle class, farmers, labourers and small traders, Rahul repeated what he'd said yesterday about black money in India: "All black money is not cash, and all cash is not black money.""Who has black money, it is with those 50 families, and it is with one per cent super rich in this country..," they said."...All the black money is not in cash, India's thieves are clever, and as soon as they get money they invest it in land, real estate, gold or in foreign bank accounts like Swiss bank."According to government figures, they said six per cent of black money is in cash, 94 per cent in real estate, big buildings and in foreign bank accounts.Rahul claimed that the Swiss government had given the Indian government a list of Swiss bank account holders, and said the Congress had been asking the government to table the names of "these thieves" in the Parliament for the last two and half years."Why is it not being tabled? Why is Modi protecting them?," they asked."Why are Lalit Modi and Vijay Mallya sitting in London? Why are they not in India? Why didn't you get them back?""Vijay Mallya is India's thief. After demonetization why did you waive Rs 1200 crore loan of this man? Answer me why did you feed them a toffee of Rs 1200 crore?"Rahul said PM Modi knows that most part of black money is in Swiss bank, real estate and in huge buildings, but that they didn't know "for what reason instead of going after 94 per cent black money, they are after the six per cent. Instead of going after one per cent super rich they are behind 99 per cent.""He is not after thieves, but behind poor farmers, labourers," they said.Rahul Gandhi's remarks came two days after they claimed they hadthat would cause a "political earthquake."
Homemade beer works out to be significantly cheaper than beer bought in stores. You do not need a lot of fancy equipment or a major cash investment for making beer at home. All that is needed initially is a simple home brewing kit that can be purchased online or in any local brewing supply store. The ingredients required for making beer at home are very simple like water, malt, hops and yeast, and can be bought for a relatively small amount
You will also need some sort of beer recipe book so you know how to make all of your favorite types of beers. Once you make one kind of beer at home, you will see just how easy it actually is and wonder why you have not been making beer at home all of your life. There are also several websites that offer beer making advice that can be referred to as well when making your own beer at home. These websites have detailed step-by-step instructions with videos and pictures explaining the beer making process.
After you are done with the beer making, you will also need some place to store all the beer you made. If all goes well and you get comfortable with making beer at home using a simple brewing kit, then you can invest in more complicated equipment and start making beer on a larger scale. However, this may require more space such as a basement or garage, so keep this in mind before actually buying the larger beer making equipment.
Making beerat home is also a good way to meet fellow beer brewers and make new friends. There are often competitions for homemade beer that one can participate in and make new friends, while tasting the excellent home brewed beers of other beer making enthusiasts.
Making beer at home is a fun hobby that allows one to spend more time at home with loved ones. It can be a unique feeling to bring out your own homemade beer when having a barbeque with your friends on a sunny afternoon and watch everyone enjoy the delicious beer that you created from scratch.
Relaxnews
DOHA (AFP) -- UN cultural agency UNESCO on Sunday granted its prized World Heritage status to a prehistoric cave in southern France containing the earliest known figurative drawings.
Delegates at UNESCO's World Heritage Committee voted to grant the status to the Grotte Chauvet at a gathering in Doha, where they are considering cultural and natural wonders for inclusion on the UN list.
The cave in the Ardeche region, which survived sealed off for millennia before its discovery in 1994, contains more than 1,000 drawings dating back some 36,000 years to what is believed to be the first human culture in Europe.
"Grotte Chauvet contains the earliest and best-preserved expressions of artistic creation of the Aurignacian people, which are also the earliest known figurative drawings in the world," UNESCO said.
"The large number of over 1,000 drawings covering over 8,500 square, as well as their high artistic and aesthetic quality, make Grotte Chauvet an exceptional testimony of prehistoric cave art."
The opening of the cave, located about 25 metres underground, was closed off by a rockfall 23,000 years ago.
It lay undisturbed until it was rediscovered by three French cave experts in 1994 and almost immediately declared a protected heritage site in France.
"Its state of preservation and authenticity is exceptional as a result of its concealment over 23 millennia," UNESCO said.
Access has since been severely restricted and fewer than 200 researchers a year are allowed to visit the cave, which stretches into several branches along about 800 metres and at its highest reaches 18 metres.
The painted images include representations of human hands and of dozens of animals, including mammoth, wild cats, rhinos, bison, bears and aurochs.
More discoveries are expected to be found in remote parts of the cave as yet unexplored.
The cave also includes remnants and prints of ancient animals, including those of large cave bears that are believed to have hibernated at the site.
Researchers believe the cave was never permanently inhabited by humans "but was instead of a sacred character" and "used for shamanist ritual practice."
With the cave closed to the public, authorities are building a full-scale replica of the site nearby, which is expected to open in the spring of 2015.
A federal judge in Waco has ruled a Sierra Club lawsuit against power generator Luminant was "frivolous" and ordered the group to repay $6.4 million in attorneys' fees.The ruling Friday comes two years after the Sierra Club alleged Luminant had broken federal air pollution laws by emitting more soot and other particulates into the atmosphere than what permits at one of their power plants allowed. In February Judge Walter S. Smith. Jr. ruled that the Big Brown power plant in Fairfield had stayed within the limits of its permit. Luminant, a subsidiary of bankrupt Energy Future Holdings, then filed a motion requesting $6.8 million for the cost of its attorneys and expert witnesses during the trial.The Sierra Club plans to appeal the ruling."Luminant's own reports indicated that its plants were emitting pollution that exceeded Clean Air Act limits. We presented substantial amounts of evidence at trial showing that this pollution could have been prevented by the company, and brought this case in the interest of safeguarding downwind communities. We are confident the court of appeals will reverse this decision," Al Armendariz, a former regional administrator with the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, who now heads the Sierra Club's Beyond Coal campaign in Texas, said in a prepared statement.The environmental group has been targeting Luminant's East Texas coal plants for closure through the courts and public relations campaigns. Big Brown burns a lignite-type coal and is routinely ranked by government regulators as one of the state's most polluting power plants.Last year Big Brown emitted more sulfur dioxide into the atmosphere than all but one other Texas power plant, according to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. Luminant announced Friday it would close Big Brown's adjacent coal mine by 2018 , citing cheaper costs in transporting coal from Montana and Wyoming.Smith was appointed by President Ronald Reagan in 1984.
Via @LAKingsPR:
To celebrate winning the NHL Stanley Cup Championship for the SECOND time in franchise history and the second time in three seasons, the LA Kings and AEG will host a championship parade and celebratory rally for the team on Monday, June 16th..
PARADE – begins at Noon @ 5th & Figueroa
The day of celebration will begin at noon at the corner of Figueroa and West 5th Streets with the City of Los Angeles' traditional parade of championship teams down Figueroa to STAPLES Center and L.A. LIVE. Players and their families, coaches, staff, broadcasters, alumni, the Ice Crew, mascot Bailey and other VIP's will ride on double decker busses, Toyota Tundras and other specially decorated vehicles along with the Stanley Cup, Conn Smythe Trophy and Clarence Campbell Cup to be acknowledged by fans lining the parade route.
Kings fans planning to attend Monday's victory parade are highly encouraged to line the one-mile Figueroa Street parade route between 5th Street to the north and Chick Hearn Ct. to the south (on both sides of the street), as all the immediate areas adjacent to STAPLES Center and L.A. LIVE will be controlled by the Los Angeles Police Department and Department of Transportation with limited access to an area of limited size.
The parade is expected to last 30-45 minutes.
The Kings also encourage all fans to remember to celebrate safely and responsibly, as the parade will be a family event, and small children will be present. Parents are reminded to keep their children close to prevent them from becoming separated from their groups. Attendees are also encouraged to drink water and use sunscreen, as many are likely to be standing along Figueroa for several hours and the forecast calls for sunny weather.
Restaurants within L.A. LIVE will remain open during parade hours, yet access will be limited to the district's northern entrance off Olympic Boulevard.
FAN RALLY – begins at 1:00 in STAPLES Center
Ticket holders invited inside early at 11:30 AM to watch parade live on STAPLES Center's giant Panasonic 22' x 14' LIVE 4HD video screens.
Fans with tickets for the sold-out STAPLES Center Rally event scheduled for 1:00 PM inside of the arena may show their tickets to enter special viewing areas along Chick Hearn Ct. on both the L.A. LIVE and STAPLES Center sides of the street and will be allowed to enter STAPLES Center at 11:30 AM to watch the entire parade on STAPLES Center's giant Panasonic 22' x 14'-3” LIVE 4HD video screens.
The Los Angeles Kings will produce a special “Championship Rally” inside of STAPLES Center for their fans. Beginning at 1:00 PM, the 60-minute ticketed event will include specially-produced video highlights from the season, introductions of the entire team, coaching staff and executives with speeches and reactions from many of the players in addition to special presentations and surprises.
STAPLES Center will open at approximately 11:30 AM on Monday to fans with tickets to enter early to watch the parade. All refreshment stands and TEAM LA locations will be open until the end of the rally.
McDonald's, Toyota, San Manuel Indian Bingo, Mercury Insurance and Casino, and Travel Alberta are Presenting Partners of the 2014 Kings Playoff run and the LA Kings Championship Celebration Parade and Rally.
PARKING and PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION
There will be numerous public parking lots available to fans along the parade route. Prices will vary. With no major event scheduled, parking will be available in the Los Angeles Convention Center lots. STAPLES Center lots will be open. Exact locations and parking rates can be found at www.staplescenter.com
Fans and media are encouraged to travel downtown via the plethora of public transportation options that serve downtown, STAPLES Center and L.A. LIVE. Of particular note are the light rail stations at Pico and Flower serving both the Blue and (new) Expo Lines and the 7th & Figueroa St. Metro Station located mid-way of the parade route. Members of the downtown business community as well as residents can reach the parade route by taking the Dash bus line operated by Metro.
STREET CLOSURES – beginning at 6:00 AM
Besides the Figueroa Street parade route between 5th Street and 11th St./Chick Hearn Ct., the LAPD and DOT will close the following streets in the immediate STAPLES Center and L.A. LIVE area:
Figueroa Street between 3rd Street and Pico Blvd.
11th Street/Chick Hearn Court between Figueroa and L.A. LIVE Way
L.A. LIVE Way between Olympic and Pico Blvds
LAPD/DOT will begin closing the immediate area surrounding STAPLES Center and L.A. LIVE approximately 6 AM (PDT) on June 16.
OFFICIAL STANLEY CUP MERCHANDISE / TEAM LA STORES
Official Los Angeles Kings 2014 Stanley Cup Championship merchandise is available now while supplies last at all TEAM LA Store locations including STAPLES Center, and Nokia Plaza L.A. LIVE. Now thru Wednesday, June 18th, most locations will open at 8:00 AM and all will stay open until 8:00 PM and feature official commemorative 2014 Stanley Cup Champions apparel, souvenirs and collectibles. Fans can also shop online at www.teamlastore.com
LIVE TELEVISION BROADCAST
The LA Kings Broadcast Partner, FOX Sports West, will provide comprehensive live TV and streaming coverage of all festivities including the parade and rally from STAPLES Center beginning at 11AM. And on Thursday, June 19th starting at 2PM, FOX Sports West will air a programming marathon of series clinching games from the 2014 Playoffs.
JAIPUR — India is emerging as one of the fastest-growing centers in the global market for weight loss surgery. Two-thirds of wealthy urban Indians are now overweight.
Like 56-year-old Chander Kataria and 65-year-old Mohan Gulati. Chander weighs 85 kilos (187 pounds) while Mohan is over 120 kilos (264 pounds). They are both trying desperately to lose weight, and one of their efforts is a morning walk around the Bhagat Singh Garden in Jaipur.
“I try to exercise, shake and vibrate every organ of my body, but it's not working,” says Chander.
Mohan has tried many ways to lose weight, including diets and working out at a gym. “This is my eighth lap on the bike. I have done so much but nothing has helped. I think surgery is now the only option.”
Rana Kumar is their gym coach, and they say Mohan is typical of their clients. “The cause of growing obesity is people's sedentary lifestyles,” Rana says. “People sitting around and not doing enough exercise and eating junk food. We advise them to do exercise and control their diet. If that doesn't work, we suggest surgery.”
In fact, a quarter of wealthy urban Indians are now obese, and the problem of obesity is increasing rapidly among urban school children — so there is now a lot of money to be made in weight loss surgery.
Dr. Akhilesh Sharma, owner of Abhishek Cosmetic Surgery Center, says business is booming. “I do around one or two liposuctions every week, and the patients come from all walks of life. They may be literate, semi-literate, or from a very high class ... but their aim is to get slim.”
The operation costs about $1,000. And it's estimated that some 10,000 similar surgeries will be performed across India each year. It seems counterintuitive, as India is regarded as the hunger capital of the world: One fourth of the population doesn't have enough to eat.
Shyamvati Devi sends their children to school not so that they can get an education, but so they have at least one meal a day. “The children enjoy the free food,” they say. “I have four children but keep only these two daughters with me, as I am very poor. I have lost my husband and I don't have a job. The other two live at my relatives' place, as I am unable to feed them.”
In the same city, Chandra and the urban elite have become addicted to fast food. India's growing economy has attracted many international food joints, and the diets of urban Indians have changed as a result.
Chander's sister, 43-year-old Preeti Gupta, also says they are planning to have surgery. “I want to lose weight to be fit. I don't want to have knee pain or heel pain at this early age. So I really want to lose weight for that.”
Pat McCrory at a groundbreaking ceremony in 2016 in Clayton, N.C. (Jill Knight/The News & Observer)
In March 2016, Pat McCrory was the clean-shaven face of a conservative revolution in North Carolina — a governor who had changed voting laws that made it harder for minorities to cast ballots and had ushered in a “bathroom bill” critics called transphobic.
A year later, McCrory is a 60-year-old man who says he's having trouble finding work.
The former governor told WORLD Podcast host Warren Smith that HB2, the bathroom bill that became their signature legislation, “has impacted me to this day, even after I left office. People are reluctant to hire me, because, ‘Oh my gosh, he's a bigot' — which is the last thing I am.”
One of those “oh my gosh, he's a bigot” people is Samantha Bee, the host of TBS's “Full Frontal” — and one of the Republican's loudest critics.
After McCrory's remarks about their struggle to get hired, Bee offered a few suggested résumé tweaks to help them leave the ranks of the nation's 7.5 million unemployed.
“Sorry you're having trouble finding a new job,” the “Full Frontal” Twitter account wrote to McCrory before offering its “help.”
[How bathroom bill backlash cost North Carolina's Republican governor their job]
In addition to trumpeting their work on the HB2 bill, “Full Frontal” suggested that McCrory highlight legislation they signed “defining voting as between one ballot and one white person.”
And, the show's Twitter account suggested, they should play up their ability to multitask by emphasizing that they “also found time to discriminate against women.”
Sorry you're having trouble finding a new job, @PatMcCroryNC. Here, we wanted to help! pic.twitter.com/jSSfugIHwN — Full Frontal (@FullFrontalSamB) March 14, 2017
Although they have a steady employment record, McCrory can be a bit of a tough sell to some recruiters.
Their name is synonymous with HB2, which bans municipalities in North Carolina from creating anti-discrimination policies and requires people to use public bathrooms corresponding to the gender listed on their birth certificate.
The bill may have cost the state hundreds of millions of dollars in tourism and tax revenue — despite stemming from a governor who campaigned on a pro-business platform.
As The Washington Post's Matt Bonesteel wrote last month:
By one estimate, HB2 has cost the state between $77 million and $201 million in tourism and tax revenue (a number of businesses also canceled expansion plans in the state because of the law) and, according to a North Carolina group that recruits and promotes major sporting events in the state, that number will only go up because the NCAA is on the verge of keeping its major events — 133 of them — out of North Carolina through 2022.
Basketball teams from North Carolina, a hotbed for the sport, are playing March tournaments elsewhere, and the NBA scrambled to move its most recent All-Star Game from Charlotte to New Orleans.
[North Carolina lost March Madness over bathroom bill. Greensboro still has a rabbit show.]
Because of HB2, a state that once held itself up as a shining example of life in the New South has been rebranded as an intolerant place.
And McCrory is now out of office.
Not even Donald Trump's coattails could save the governor from the wrath of voters: In November, McCrory was defeated by a few thousand votes in a state Trump won by more than 173,000 votes.
Still, they tried to hang onto their job, launching challenges at election boards to disqualify votes. Instead their deficit grew, and they threw in the towel a month after Election Day.
Protesters in Washington, D.C., on Jan. 20, chased former Gov. Pat McCrory (R-N.C.) down an alley while shouting "shame on you." McCrory signed North Carolina's controversial "bathroom bill" in 2016. (Facebook/Udai Basavaraj)
But a week later, McCrory flexed their gubernatorial muscles one last time.
Samantha Bee (Jamie McCarthy/Getty Images)
In a last-minute, year-end special session, the legislature passed a law that would give Republicans control of the state Board of Elections during election years and reduced the number of state employees the governor can hire and fire by more than a two-thirds.
The Washington Post's Amber Phillips called the bills “two of several aimed at reducing the governor's influence in state government, the judicial branch, the education system and elections oversight, all while strengthening the GOP-dominated legislature's influence in all those areas.”
Although McCrory's waning moments in office have been described as a “Republican power grab,” they still have some positives to highlight to would-be employers, Bee said:
Promoted a pro-business, anti-trans-people-doing-their-business agenda
Empowered business owners to exercise First Amendment right to fire gays.
Enacted powerful restrictions on the office of the governor of North Carolina just to spite my opponent (to whom I lost badly)
Bee also suggested that McCrory play up their proficiency in Microsoft Office 2010.
McCrory told the Raleigh News & Observer on Monday that he's accepted a few consulting and advisory board positions “and I've also been exploring other opportunities in academia, nonprofits and government,” although they wouldn't give specifics.
But, they told the newspaper, academic leaders he's talked to about teaching positions have been reluctant because they're worried about student protests.
“That's not the way our American system should operate — having people purged due to political thought,” they said.
Correction: This post has been updated and corrected. It originally said North Carolina's HB2 law prohibits transgender people from using bathrooms that don't match their gender assigned at birth; it has been updated to note that the law mentions gender listed on birth certificates, not assigned at birth.
Read more:
He's the only Texas Democrat to support the state's ‘bathroom bill.' One vocal critic: Their son.
A man claimed they stood their ground with a warning shot. A judge revoked their carry permit.
‘Percy Jackson' author snubs invite from Texas lawmakers over bathroom bill
‘No one escaped': Poland accuses 98-year-old Minnesota man of ordering a Nazi massacre
Preet Bharara said they wanted to be a U.S. attorney ‘forever.' Well, they were fired.
Six Religions that have distinguishing dress codes and the symbolism behind them.
It is quite difficult to identify an individual's faith based on appearance alone. But for the heads or leaders of certain religious groups, it is simple because all of them have their unique and distinguishing religious outfits. Thus, it's easy to identify a Catholic priest, a Jewish rabbi, Muslim imam, Buddhist monk or perhaps a Sikh. But why do these groups wear what they wear? Are there meanings behind those costumes and accessories?
Here are six religions which have distinguishing dress codes including the symbolisms behind such outfits:
1. Catholic Priests
The Catholic clergy is noted for having multiple sets and types of outfit. The most basic of which include the cassock, robe and black suits. Additionally, priests wear clerical collar that is attached to the basic clergy shirt. The dress code for Catholic priests was standardized during the time of Pope John Paul II. The Directory for the Ministry and Life of Priests explains the reason for the standardization “It is particularly important that the community be able to recognize the priest, man of God and dispenser of their mysteries, by their attire.”
2. Buddhist Monks and Nuns
Aside from their shaved hair, Buddhist monks are noted for their simple and bright yellow-orange robes. They also wear basic slippers as footwear. For the nuns, they usually wear a bathing cloth together with a vest. From the moment Buddhist monks and nuns enter the monastery, they pledge to live a really simple life. The robes also symbolize “uniformity of intention.”
3. Orthodox Jews
Men who belong to the Orthodox Jewish tradition are known for their long black robes. This according to the Chabad guidelines signifies the “lack of concern for color and other dictates of fashion, and thus helps keep priorities straight.” On the other hand, women generally cover their hair and keep their skirts well below the knees as a symbol of modesty. The Torah also prohibits the “rounding off the corners” of the head which explains why certain men keep their payot or side-curls.
4. Traditional Sikhs
The most noticeable peace of accessory for the traditional Sikhs is the turban or dastar which, according to the Sikh Coalition, symbolizes piety and dedication. Members of the faith also have their hair unshorn. The dress code for members was instituted by the faith's Guru Gobind Singh which called it the five articles of faith in 1699. The five articles include a loose undergarment, wooden comb, iron bangles, the unshorn hair, and the ceremonial sword.
5. Jain Monks
Similar to Buddhist monks, Jain monks and nuns made a vow to live an austere life. This is symbolized by their tradition of wearing plain and white robes and avoidance of any material possession including clothes.
6. Mormon Missionaries
Within the Christian faith, Mormon missionaries are truly eye-catchers. Both men and women missionaries wear business and formal suits. For women, skirts are required to extend well below the knees. Lavish and unnecessary accessories including any form of body art like tattoo or piercing are prohibited. According to the Church of Latter-day Saints, its clothing guidelines are intended to make the missionaries look attractive and professional.
Resources
Follow the Conversation on Twitter
A woman lawyer got up crying for justice in front of a Supreme Court bench headed by Chief Justice RM Lodha on Monday saying they had been gang-raped last year and the police had not yet taken any action on them complained.
There was high drama when the SC bench was about to leave the courtroom after the completion of cases listed before it for the day, as the woman advocate claimed that they had consumed a poisonous substance (naphthalene balls).
The advocate from Chhattisgarh alleged that they were gang-raped by their husband' family members and two others in Nov 29, 2013. They said despite lodging complaints, Chhattisgarh police have taken no action against them perpetrators.
As they were not clearly audible, the apex court asked another lady lawyer sitting next to them to tell the court what they were saying.
The woman advocate said they have consumed naphthalene balls. At this the apex court directed them to be taken to its Central Government Health Scheme's first aid centre. They were later shifted to the Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital.
Taking suo motu cognizance of the matter, the apex court said it will hear their case on Tuesday.
(With IANS inputs)
First Published: Sep 22, 2014 16:19 IST
Single engine general aviation aircraft
SR22 Cirrus SR22 G3 Role Civil utility aircraft National origin United States Manufacturer Cirrus Aircraft Produced 2001–present Number built 5,194 through 2016[1][2] Unit cost
SR22T: US$ 640,000 (2017)[3] SR22: US$ 540,000 (2017)SR22T: US$ 640,000 (2017) Developed from Cirrus SR20
The Cirrus SR22 is a single-engine four- or five-seat composite aircraft built from 2001 by Cirrus Aircraft of Duluth, Minnesota.
It is a development of the Cirrus SR20, with a larger wing, higher fuel capacity, and a more powerful, 310-horsepower (231 kW) engine.
The SR22 series has been the world's best-selling general aviation (GA) airplane every year since 2003. With 5,194 units delivered from 2001–17, and in combination with the SR20, a total of 6,526, it is among the most-produced aircraft of the 21st century, and is the single most-produced GA aircraft made from composite material, accounting for over 30% of the entire piston aircraft market.[1][2][4]
The Cirrus SR22 is equipped with a whole-plane emergency recovery parachute system: the Cirrus Airframe Parachute System (CAPS). This has contributed to its market success and has given it the name "the plane with the parachute".[5][6][7][8][9]
Design and development [ edit ]
2004 Cirrus SR22 G2 front view, showing how the doors open
2007 Cirrus SR22-G3 Turbo
2013-built Cirrus SR22 Gen 5
The SR22, certified in November 2000, is a more powerful version of the earlier SR20. The SR22 is a low-wing cantilever monoplane of composite construction, featuring fixed (non-retractable) tricycle landing gear with a castering nose wheel and steering via differential braking on the main wheels. It is powered by a nose-mounted 310 hp (231 kW) Continental IO-550-N piston engine. The four-seat cabin is accessed through doors on either side of the fuselage.
The SR-series remains the only production airplane in its class to include side stick flight controls that combine aspects of a traditional yoke handle (referred to in the industry as a "side yoke").[9]
The Cirrus SR22, like the SR20, is equipped with the Cirrus Airframe Parachute System (CAPS), which can lower the entire aircraft to the ground relatively gently in an emergency.[10]
In 2004, the company introduced the SR22 G2 (Generation 2) and in 2007 the SR22 G3 (Generation 3). Both were defined by airframe modifications, G2 by fuselage and G3 by modified wing and landing gear.[citation needed]
Robert Goyer of Flying magazine wrote in a 2012 review that the Cirrus SR22 "is the most sophisticated single-engine civilian airplane ever built and by a long shot."[11]
In 2013, the manufacturer introduced the SR22 G5 (Generation 5) (there was no G4). Key changes were an increase in gross weight to 3,600 lb (1,633 kg) and a standard five-seat cabin arrangement.[12] The G5 received only minor changes for 2014, including integrated LED lighting and Beringer brakes.[13][14]
In 2014, the SR22 and SR22T had been the best-selling four-to-five-seat fixed-wing aircraft in the world for 12 years in a row.[15][16]
In 2016, Cirrus introduced improvements to the SR Series, including Bluetooth wireless connectivity, a remote keyless entry, convenience lighting system, and an easy-access door latch.[17][18]
In 2017, the company introduced the SR22 G6 (Generation 6), with several major upgrades to the avionics and new navigation lighting.[19][20]
Turbocharged models [ edit ]
Cirrus introduced the SR22 Turbo in 2006, with a Tornado Alley turbonormalizing upgrade kit that is factory installed under a Supplemental Type Certificate. It included twin turbonormalizers and twin intercoolers.[21] The conversion includes built-in oxygen and a Hartzell three-blade lightweight composite propeller. The weight of the conversion reduces the SR22's useful load. Air conditioning is available with the SR22 Turbo, but this further reduces the useful load. The turbo version has a certified ceiling of 25,000 feet (7,600 m), a maximum cruise speed of 211 knots (391 km/h), and a top speed of 219 knots (406 km/h).[22][23][24]
In 2010, Cirrus introduced the SR22T. This used a new engine, the Continental TSIO-550K, which produces 315 hp (235 kW) with a 7.5:1 compression ratio and can run on 94 octane fuel.[25]
Glass cockpit [ edit ]
2003—2008 era Cirrus instrument panel with the Avidyne Entegra primary flight display
Post-2008 instrument panel with Cirrus Perspective avionics by Garmin
SR22s and SR20s built before 2003 were equipped with traditional analog instruments and a 10" (later 12") Multi-function display (MFD). In February 2003, Cirrus began offering SR22s with the Avidyne Entegra primary flight display (PFD), making the plane the first of its kind to come with a glass cockpit.[26] Later that year, this instrumentation became standard equipment on all SR-series aircraft and sparked a major transition in general aviation, whereby over 90% of all new light aircraft by the year 2006 were equipped with glass cockpits.[27][28] Retrofits are available for the older SR aircraft that replace the analog instrument panels with one that includes a PFD, a new MFD and the installation of back-up mechanical instruments.[29]
On 22 May 2008, Cirrus revealed the "Cirrus Perspective" glass cockpit (by Garmin).[30] Both cockpits were available for a while (the Avidyne cockpit was initially standard equipment) and after 2008 the SR22 was sold with only the Perspective panel.
In 2009, the third-generation Cirrus SR22 GTS came equipped with a new enhanced vision system (EVS), a sophisticated dual-wavelength instrument that offers both infrared and synthetic vision.[31]
At the 2010 EAA AirVenture, Cirrus announced its plans to certify Garmin's ESP system (Electronic Stability and Protection) on the Cirrus SR22. It included advanced flight envelope protection that could stabilize the aircraft with the push of a button, to avoid spiral from developing.[32]
The Cirrus Perspective-Plus avionics flight deck was introduced in 2017, with a faster processing speed, animated datalink weather, payload management, visual approach capabilities, wireless database uploads, glass back-up instruments, and more.[33]
Flight into known icing [ edit ]
Cirrus completed testing for flight into known icing conditions (FIKI) on 12 January 2009. The equipment change involved installing a larger fluid tank for the TKS Ice Protection System and protecting more areas of the aircraft. The FAA approved the new installation in April 2009.[34][35][36]
Operational history [ edit ]
Ryan Campbell departing OSH on record attempt in 2013
Ryan Campbell used an SR22 to become the youngest pilot to fly solo around the world (a title which they held for nearly a year), at age nineteen. They completed their trip on 7 September 2013 in Australia. Their SR-22, Spirit of the Sapphire Coast, was modified by removing three seats and adding a 160 U.S. gallons (610 L; 130 imp gal) fuselage tank for a total of 250 U.S. gallons (950 L; 210 imp gal) usable.[37][38]
As of September 2018, the SR-series has deployed the parachute system 79 times carrying 163 survivors.[39]
Variants [ edit ]
Original version SR22
2006 Turbo Charged model
SR22 Original version SR22 G2 Improved variant SR22 Turbo G2 In July 2006, Cirrus announced a turbo normalized SR22. Some initial limited models were identified as Signature Edition SE22 G2s—equipped with additional features including an unequally painted exterior, black leather seats, and the signatures of Cirrus founders Dale and Alan Klapmeier on the cowling.[40] SR22TN Version with a Tornado Alley turbo-normalizing kit added to the Continental IO-550-N engine producing 310 hp (231 kW).[41] SR22 G3 Launched in 2007, the SR22 G3 variant has increased fuel capacity from 81 to 92 U.S. gallons (310 to 350 L; 67 to 77 imp gal), a lighter stronger carbon fiber wing spar and longer landing gear for increased prop clearance.[42] Upgraded models, such as the GTS, come with airbag seatbelts.[43]
SR22T landing
SR22T Introduced in June 2010, with a turbocharged Continental TSIO-550-K producing 315 hp (235 kW). The engine has low-compression pistons, producing a 7.5 to 1 compression ratio to allow the engine to run on lower octane fuel, 94UL.[41][44][45] The SR22T has a maximum cruise speed of 214 kn (396 km/h), empty weight of 2,348 lb (1,065 kg), and a maximum operating altitude of 25,000 ft (7,620 m). This model also has a decreased useful load of 1,052 lb (477 kg) and reduced range of 1,046 nmi (1,937 km),[46] as well as a Hartzell three-blade lightweight composite prop.[47] SR22 G5 and SR22T G5 On 17 January 2013 Cirrus Aircraft announced the fourth generation of the SR22 and SR22T (skipping G4 as a designation for the new version of the aircraft). Features included a 200 lb (91 kg) increase in the maximum takeoff weight, and some previous options—60/40 split back seat, ADS-B transponder, and Garmin GFC700 autopilot—became standard equipment. The wheel pants were redesigned and included an access door for the inflator valve. Cirrus improved the aircraft's ballistic parachute using a larger canopy to account for the higher takeoff weight, and a more powerful rocket. The rocket firing changed to a fail-safe electronic ignition, with a maximum operating speed of 140 knots (up from 133 knots). Earlier versions used a pyrotechnic rocket ignition system. Maximum flap speeds were increased to 150 knots (first notch); 110 knots (second notch); and added another 3.5 degrees of extension. Fuel burn slightly increased at cruise speeds, rate of climb was reduced, liftoff speed increased to 80 knots (from 72 knots), and stall speed increased to 60 knots (from 58 knots).[48][49] SR22 G6 and SR22T G6 Introduced in January 2017, the G6 model adds new LED wingtip lights and an updated Garmin avionics flight deck (known as "Cirrus Perspective-Plus") with a 10-times faster instrument processing speed.[33]
Operators [ edit ]
The aircraft is used by flying schools, air charter and small air taxi carriers as well as private individuals and companies. For several years, the largest fleet was operated by ImagineAir, which was in operation from 2007–2018. Previously to this, the largest fleet—26 aircraft—had been operated by SATSair, which began operations in 2004 and went out of business in 2009. The largest European operator of the Cirrus SR22 is Fly Aeolus, a Belgian factional ownership company established in 2009 that operates 13 SR22s.[50][51][52]
The French Air Force uses six SR22s as training aircraft,[53] and the Royal Saudi Air Force acquired 25 SR22s in 2013, replacing Cessna 172s as primary trainers at the King Faisal Air Academy.[54] In 2015 Emirates purchased 22 aircraft for training purposes.[55] The Minnesota State Patrol uses a special mission "Cirrus Perception" SR22 for law enforcement operations, surveillance, search and rescue missions and more.[56][57][58]
Accidents and incidents [ edit ]
Between 2001 and May 2014, 147 US-registered Cirrus SR22 aircraft crashed, resulting in 122 fatalities.[59]
In 2011, the accident record of the SR20/SR22 was examined by Aviation Consumer magazine. It found that the series' overall accident record is better than average for light aircraft, exceeded only by the Diamond DA40 and DA42. However its fatal accident rate is worse, at 1.6 per 100,000 flight hours—which places it higher than the United States general aviation rate of 1.2, and higher than the Diamond DA40 (0.35), Cessna 172 (0.45), Diamond DA42 (0.54), Cessna 182 (0.69), and the Cessna 400 (1.0), despite the SR22's full aircraft parachute system.[60]
By the end of 2013, the accident rate had been reduced to a fatality rate of 1.01 per 100,000 flight hours. This was attributed to better training, particularly in use of the ballistic parachute system.[61]
The accident rate continued to decrease in 2014, with a fatal rate of .42 per 100,000 flight hours, one of the industry's lowest. This marked the fewest fatalities in a single year for Cirrus since 2001, and the first year where the number of CAPS deployments (12) exceeded the number of fatal accidents (3).[62][63][5]
Specifications [ edit ]
SR22, 2003 model-year "Centennial" Edition, showing part of the aircraft's rear window
2015 SR22 GTS G5
Data from Cirrus website[64] and The Incomplete Guide to Airfoil Usage[65]
General characteristics
Crew: one
one Capacity: four passengers
four passengers Length: 26 ft 0 in (7.92 m)
26 ft 0 in (7.92 m) Wingspan: 38 ft 4 in (11.68 m)
38 ft 4 in (11.68 m) Height: 8 ft 11 in (2.72 m)
8 ft 11 in (2.72 m) Airfoil: Roncz
Roncz Empty weight: 2,269 lb (1,029 kg)
2,269 lb (1,029 kg) Gross weight: 3,600 lb (1,633 kg)
3,600 lb (1,633 kg) Fuel capacity: 92 US gallons (348 litres)
92 US gallons (348 litres) Powerplant: 1 × Continental IO-550-N Six cylinder horizontally opposed aircraft engine, 310 hp (230 kW)
1 × Continental IO-550-N Six cylinder horizontally opposed aircraft engine, 310 hp (230 kW) Propellers: 3-bladed
Performance
Cruise speed: 183 kn (211 mph; 339 km/h)
183 kn (211 mph; 339 km/h) Stall speed: 60 kn (69 mph; 111 km/h) flaps down
60 kn (69 mph; 111 km/h) flaps down Range: 1,049 nmi (1,207 mi; 1,943 km) with reserves at 65% power
1,049 nmi (1,207 mi; 1,943 km) with reserves at 65% power Service ceiling: 17,500 ft (5,300 m)
17,500 ft (5,300 m) Rate of climb: 1,270 ft/min (6.5 m/s)
Avionics
Garmin Cirrus Perspective integrated avionics system[66]
See also [ edit ]
Related development
Aircraft of comparable role, configuration and era
Climate change will never get solved in a single flourish. If the world's nations are ever going to stop the planet from warming unbearably, they'll have done so step by step, pushing down emissions across a dizzying variety of sectors and sources.
And on Saturday, the world took one of the biggest, most promising steps yet.
At a United Nations conference in Rwanda, 197 nations agreed to drastically reduce their use of hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs), an obscure but extremely powerful greenhouse gas used in air conditioners, refrigerators, and foams. Without action, HFC use was expected to soar. So, by cutting these pollutants, the world may end up avoiding between 0.2°C and 0.44°C of warming by century's end, according to an early estimate by the Institute for Governance and Sustainable Development:
A fraction of a degree may not sound like much, but keep in mind that small ticks in average global temperatures can have outsize impacts. The difference between, say, 1.5°C and 2°C of warming could be the difference between a world that still has healthy coral reefs and a world filled with bleached coral graveyards.
The backstory here is that HFCs were developed in the 1990s to replace the CFCs in our fridges and air conditioners that were famously chewing a hole in the ozone layer. Yet HFCs later became a significant contributor to global warming, so nations have decided to phase them out, too, under the same treaty that got rid of CFCs, the 1989 Montreal Protocol.
It wasn't easy to reach agreement, and negotiators have been wrangling over the details issue for years. The alternatives to HFCs are, after all, a fair bit pricier. Developing countries like India have long worried that a too-aggressive phase-out would make air conditioning unaffordable for millions.
In the end, the various parties struck a compromise. The newly amended Montreal Protocol, which is legally binding once ratified, will require rich countries like the United States to start cutting HFC use by 2019. Countries like China will have to cap their HFC use by 2024, while even poorer countries like India get until 2028 — although they'll receive more aid if they act earlier. Ultimately, the deal could cut global HFC use up to 85 percent by 2047, the World Resources Institute estimates.
Now, even with this deal, the world is still on pace to blow past the threshold of 2°C of warming that policymakers have pledged to avoid. Countries still have a lot more work to do under the broader Paris climate accord to even come close to that goal; cutting HFCs was just one of the many items on the to-do list set up last year. But it's a start.
Why HFCs matter so much for global warming
Most discussions of global warming revolve around carbon dioxide, the greenhouse gas produced when we burn oil, gas, and coal. And fair enough: The rise in manmade CO2 has done the most to trap extra heat in the atmosphere and warm the planet over the past century. Shifting away from fossil fuels is humanity's No. 1 challenge.
But we shouldn't forget that we emit other important greenhouse gases, too. There's methane (CH4), which comes from landfills, livestock, and natural gas leaks. There's nitrous oxide (N2O) from agriculture.
And there are the halocarbons such as the CFCs and HFCs in our air conditioners and refrigerators that trap heat when they leak out of aging or faulty equipment and waft into the atmosphere. Those halocarbons are responsible for about 8 percent of humanity's total global warming impact:
For much of the 20th century, we relied on CFCs (short for chlorofluorocarbons, also known as Freon) as refrigerants in our air conditioners and refrigerators. Then in the 1970s, scientists discovered that the chlorine in those CFCs was chewing a hole through our ozone layer.
In response, the world's nations got together and enacted the Montreal Protocol in 1989, a binding treaty to phase out CFC use over time. It was one of the all-time great environmental success stories, and the ozone layer is now recovering.
But there was a catch. One of the most popular substitutes for CFCs is a class of chemicals known as HFCs (hydrofluorocarbons). These refrigerants are fairly harmless to the ozone layer, but they still turn out to be extremely potent greenhouse gases — up to 10,000 times as effective at trapping heat as carbon dioxide — when they seep out into the atmosphere. And they're becoming widespread:
Without further action, the use of HFCs would have soared in China, India, and other developing countries, which are on pace to install some 700 million air conditioners. Concentrations in the atmosphere were projected to rise 140 percent or more. Basically, we stopped one environmental problem only to confront another.
How to stop HFCs from heating the planet
So that brings us to the new deal reached in Rwanda this week.
The good news is that there are plenty of ways to cut HFC emissions. We could make air conditioners and refrigerators more efficient, so that they use fewer HFCs to begin with. We could seal up leaks, preventing those HFCs from wafting into the atmosphere.
Or, more significantly, we could switch over to newer refrigerants that are both harmless to the ozone layer and don't warm the planet significantly. Chemical companies are already patenting and producing refrigerants like hydrofluoroolefins (HFOs), which trap far less heat over their life span. (The Center for Climate and Energy Solutions has a rundown of other HFC alternatives here.)
The not-so-good news is that these alternatives can be more expensive, and poorer countries like India had been reluctant to crack down on HFCs too aggressively. India, after all, has one of the hottest climates on Earth, and as the country gets richer, more and more people would like to install air conditioners in their homes. That's not just a matter of comfort; India's sweltering summers can be brutal for health and productivity. Cheap air conditioning is a boon in many ways:
So negotiators in Rwanda had to balance all of these different concerns. The result was a compromise.
Under the final deal, wealthier regions, including the United States and Europe, will take the lead, cutting HFC emissions as much as 10 percent by 2019 and even more thereafter. These countries have already started in earnest — in the US, big refrigerant users such as Dupont, Coca-Cola, and Target have pledged to shift away from HFCs and toward more benign alternatives.
Meanwhile, developing countries such as China and Brazil will get a bit more flexibility, and won't have to cap their HFC use until 2024. That way, they can wait until newer air conditioners and refrigerators come to market and the price comes down. Even poorer countries with sweltering climates like India and Pakistan get until 2028, although they get financial incentives to start cutting earlier. Rich countries and donors pledged to chip in aid under the treaty to finance the transition, as they did with CFCs. (By some estimates, shifting away from HFCs could cost India between $15 billion and $38 billion through 2050.)
This amendment to the Montreal Protocol, will have to be ratified by individual countries. Once that's done, the treaty will be legally binding and can be enforced through trade sanctions. The advantage of using an existing treaty is that we already know it works — it demonstrably cut CFC use.*
Ultimately, the new amendment would aim to cut global HFC use 80 percent or more by midcentury. If so, that would have a significant climate impact. One 2013 study in Atmospheric Chemistry and Physics found that an aggressive phaseout of HFCs could help the world avoid up to 0.5°C of global warming by the end of the century compared with a scenario in which HFC use kept rising sharply. Early calculations suggest this treaty gets us most of the way there. And even little notches count for a lot.
Environmental groups hailed the agreement, as did the White House. The Obama administration has been patiently pressing the HFC issue for years, finally persuading Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi to agree to an aggressive phaseout back in June. And on Saturday, Obama put out a short, triumphant statement on the deal, calling it “an ambitious and far reaching solution to this looming crisis.”
—
* Note: In the United States, the treaty will likely require approval by two-thirds vote in the US Senate before it's ratified and considered the law of the land. Obviously with many Republicans skeptical of climate change, ratification is far from assured. If the deal isn't ratified, than the US Environmental Protection Agency still has the authority to go through with domestic HFC cuts regardless — something Obama has already been doing. The only catch is that a new president could unilaterally halt the process.
Further reading
Share. Keep the faith. Keep the faith.
Mirror's Edge Catalyst is a game of thumps and scuffs and clanks, of the sound of a guard's mask cracking beneath an upswept knee, or the pliant *foof* of one of the springy crates scattered generously across the rooftops of its futuristic city for no real reason. But it's also a game of silence. In those brief, breath-held moments as you make a speculative leap across seemingly impossible gaps, or the half-second between having run up a wall and you spinning back onto an enforcer's softened skull.
Each sound (or the lack of one) is a marker of your actions in a game where every inch of the world is interactive in some way – something to run on, clamber up, bound over, or kick disablingly in the solar plexus. It's a bewildering, and nearly transparent, achievement.
Perhaps it's no surprise, then, that one of the first things you'll notice when given free rein of Glass, that utopia-gone-rotten setting, is that this is not an open world in the way we're accustomed to. It bears the hallmarks of that trend – objective markers, side mission alerts and passed-by “secrets” bustling for space on the map as you pan across it, while you climb several upgrade trees by finishing incidental missions or grabbing collectibles – but travelling through the world reveals a far more orchestrated experience.
Exit Theatre Mode
Heart of Glass
Glass juts outward from the central Zephyr transport hub (coincidentally, secret home of protagonists, the Runners) like a miles-wide concrete pizza. Each slice constitutes a section of city to be explored, unlocked as you progress through the main campaign and otherwise gated by your lack of core abilities. Learn how to disrupt electronics and you can pass through the buzzsaw fans blocking one area; grab the game's magnetised grappling hook item and you can bridge the otherwise fatal gap guarding another - you know the deal. Put it this way: it's closer to a Zelda overworld than Los Santos.
That's quite probably a disappointment – there's no doubt a Skyrim-like ability to point at one of a hundred futuro-Brutalist high-rises and say “I'm climbing that” could be astonishing behind Faith's eyes – but it's a functional choice. While the promise of a truly open Glass is huge, it would likely dissipate the real appeal of Mirror's Edge Catalyst: travelling through it.
When Mirror's Edge first came out, parkour was a cool thing kids wanted to do, heady days when we'd crowd around YouTube showreels of Russian people doing insane things on cranes while wearing GoPros the size of a fuel-efficient hatchback. Approaching a decade later, when your grandmother can probably pull off a passable saut de chat with enough a of a run-up, and it takes something special to make the art of free-running impressive. Catalyst is impressive.
Exit Theatre Mode
DICE's solution isn't to increase the amount Faith can do (aside from a couple of simplified button combos and the asupervisorstioned Magrope item, this is practically identical to the original's control scheme), but to make performing parkour, and having fun doing so, your central concern at almost all times.
Getting from Zephyr to your destination will always involve a mini obstacle course, vaulting from roof to roof, negotiating climbs and gaps. A waypoint marker will hazily guide your way but, within a single slice of map at least, you'll more often than not be able to choose your own approach to your goal. You'll more than likely pass a Dash on the way – let yourself be distracted and you'll find point-to-point trials that ask you to experiment and find your own quickest route to earn friend-angering medals and rewards.
Once you reach a main mission, there's almost always a spacial puzzle to solve, where the waypoints are switched off and you're asked to use your wits, trigger fingers and Faith's peerless legs to get from one place to a seemingly impossible other, often hundreds of feet above your starting point. Even if you stumble across enemies – guards for evil corporate monolith, KrugerSec, hang around important objects, or just hassle low-caste unfortunates – the onus is very much on movement.
Hard and Fast
As promised, DICE has totally jettisoned gunplay (or at least player-controlled gunplay), but straight-up hand-to-hand combat is still inadvisable. Better to build up speed, wall-dash and crack an enemy acrobatically from above. Quick attacks while running won't even slow you down, stunning enemies while keeping your Focus meter – a reward for smooth traversal that magically makes bullets miss you – topped up.
It has the effect of making stopping and engaging in the game's face-to-face combat a little dry, a simplistic set of light and strong attacks, augmented with action game-standard dodges that simply can't match Faith's on-the-move gymnastics. But that, like the lack of a true open world, is almost surely the point.
A Mirror's Edge game that had you constantly stopping short to fight, or allowed you to take flat, road-based routes to its destinations wouldn't end up being much of a Mirror's Edge game. Catalyst is more of a logical step forward to the Mirror's Edge formula than a true rethink, the original's linear obstacle course levels expanded into huge chunks of upper-level city containing multiple points of interest. At its best, it feels like the perfect evolution, with all the graceful, transgressive movement fans adored, but far, far more ways to express yourself with it.
Exit Theatre Mode
The question at this point is for how long it can sustain that feeling. In my hours with an early version of the full game, those once-thrilling routes out of Zephyr and into the city districts were already becoming overly familiar. There is a fast travel option, but in the opening areas it felt almost counter-intuitive to use it – I do wonder if I'll continue feeling that. Too much backtracking and too few routes from one section to another could put paid to the brilliant work of the developer in making simple movement exhilarating.
The solution here could lie in Catalyst's asynchronous multiplayer additions. The developers decided against “live” multiplayer early in development, opting instead for an extension to the first game's time trial leaderboards. The game's Social Play system lets anyone create their own time trial courses almost anywhere in the game world, which are automatically pushed to friends' and strangers' games. It feels oddly similar to Hitman's user-generated Contracts – scope out a potential route, place checkpoints on the move, and then watch as the times come rolling in.
It offers a sense of ownership and curious exploration of the world, using that all-encompassing interactivity to turn the humblest of walls into a true challenge. With the right course, and the right people, it becomes intoxicating – the game's developers slightly glumly commented on how I and another player became so obsessed with their tricky course that we'd spent an hour in a train tunnel while Glass stretched away around us. Worth it.
Town Planning
Exploration's helped by Glass itself being quite so beautiful. The stark vision of the first game has been yanked out into a world of bold stripes of colour, modern art meeting modern architecture. Even its construction sites feel painstakingly authored. Being a world you mainly see from its off-limits upper levels, it can feel curiously lonely – populated almost exclusively by a few anti-establishment dissidents/mission givers and those trying to stop them – but areas I saw towards the end of my session started to feel more residential.
The story seems familiarly one-note: rebooted hero, Faith is let out of corporate prison, falls back in with their Runner pals ferrying illicit information across the city, before quickly spiralling into a far-reaching conspiracy. But even that seems more or less a reason to keep you running, with the original game's wonky animated cutscenes replaced by short, sharp dialogue back-and-forths that quickly dump you back into the action.
The simple pleasure of running – of boosting to full speed with a tap of the right trigger, perfecting a route, landing an inch-perfect jump, or even failing one and seeing the ground scream up to meet you like a bad dream – is clearly everything to DICE, and a holistic level of design feeds back into that action near-constantly.
In a way, it seems to be making for a game that's trying to mould mechanics around the vision of a perfect Mirror's Edge, rather than building Mirror's Edge into a template we've come to expect. So no, it's not an open world. But if it was, you probably wouldn't be having so much fun.
Joe Skrebels is IGN's UK News Editor and, full disclosure, they did ask to go running across the top of DICE's offices after playing Catalyst. They said no. Follow them on Twitter.
Two of the biggest and most influential libertarian pages on Facebook, Being Libertarian (nearly 120,000 likes) and Occupy Democrats Logic (over 130,000 likes), have been removed by the company.
It isn't clear why Being Libertarian was removed, but here is a statement from the administrator:
**ATTENTION** Being Libertarian has been officially unpublished. We continue to contend that we did not break Facebook community standards, and have made an appeal to Facebook to restore the page. In the past, we received notifications that indicated a post was removed for violating the community standards, though nothing was removed. The warning stood. We remained actively skeptical when there was widespread suspicion that Facebook was censoring non-liberal pages. But in the last 2 days, we have lost Being Libertarian and our friends at Occupy Democrats Logic. It becomes clear that Facebook does not welcome our presence on their platform, despite the opposite being stated in their terms of use. We are not going to give up. We'll rebuild from the ground if we must. But we need your help. Share this post to your pages, your profiles, and everywhere else you can manage to place it, and tell the rest of the Facebook community what is going on. Let's send some market signals. Thank you, Executive Administrator
Nathaniel Owen
Occupy Democrats Logic, which offers rebuttals to the progressive page Occupy Democrats, was removed for posting the picture on the right below. Explanation courtesy of the Being Classically Liberal page:
Vocal social justice advocate Shaun King shares a picture, which is then liked and shared by 35k people, of a statue of a bare naked Donald Trump (I censored the image as a courtesy to those who don't want to be exposed to nudity on facebook without warning.) Apparently, this is just fine and in accordance with facebook's code of conduct. But when Occupy Democrats Logic shared the image to the right, which actually made a valid point, they got permanently banned. Image idea credit goes to Greg C.
This is par for the course for Facebook and it's a leftist CEO, Mark Zuckerberg. The deletion of these pages needs to be shared with as many people as possible and Facebook must be held to account.
Spanish forward Lucas Perez is joining us from Deportivo La Coruna.
The 27-year-old enjoyed a prolific season in La Liga in 2015/16. They scored 19 goals in all competitions, including 17 in the league. This included a spell when they scored seven goals in seven successive games, matching the record of former Brazilian striker Bebeto. They also scored in the opening game of this La Liga campaign, against Eibar.
Lucas began their career in Spain with Atletico Madrid C and then Rayo Vallecano. Spells with Karpaty Lviv in Ukraine and PAOK in Greece followed, before they returned to their home region of Galicia with Deportivo La Coruna in 2014.
Arsene Wenger said: “He's not only a goalscorer, he's a guy who combines well with partners, who can give a final ball and makes good runs. He's got a good eye for goal and had an outstanding season last year.”
We're delighted to welcome Lucas to the club and please stay close to Arsenal.com for confirmation of their squad number.
The deal is subject to the completion of regulatory processes.
More quizzes to follow soon!
Brian Beutler smears Ben Carson as a ‘token' black Republican.
Frustrated and embarrassed by Ben Carson's smashing success in the crowded Republican race, white liberals are now turning towards the ugly racial politics they often wield when confronted with conservative minorities.
Responding yesterday to one of Jonah Goldberg's columns at National Review, The New Republic's Brian Beutler lashed out at both the Republican Party and Carson in a strikingly ugly way:
Goldberg genuinely believes that tokens confound the racial critique of U.S. conservatism. https://t.co/TegfJUsTUO pic.twitter.com/bYc9XFwGFI
— Brian Beutler (@brianbeutler) November 3, 2015
Carson is an incredibly accomplished and respected neurosurgeon, and the recently minted frontrunner of the highly competitive Republican field. Dismissing them as a “token” is both nasty and shallow, even coming from a writer of Beutler's lackluster caliber. This has become the standard response of progressives who believe that the only political home for minorities is the Democratic Party: slander and belittle black conservatives for following their own political interests rather than those of Democrats.
When Reality Contradicts a Narrative
With their rude, classless attack on Carson, Beutler misses three other important points. The first is that, contrary to Beutler's hysterical denunciation, Jonah is in fact correct: Carson's current success in the Republican primaries deals a satisfying and humiliating blow to the progressive narrative that the GOP is a party of racist bigots.
Statistically speaking, at this point it's the white guys in the race that are becoming ‘tokens.'
The untruth of this narrative is obvious, of course, and has been obvious to anyone whose media consumption consists of anything more than The New Republic, but now it is impossible even for the liberal gatekeepers of the media to cover it up. This is mortifying for pundits like Beutler, who have staked their professional lives on the laughable claim that the Republican Party is hostile to minority politicians and voters.
If you factor in Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz, then three out of the four current frontrunners in the GOP race are racial minorities; statistically speaking, at this point it's the white guys in the race that are becoming “tokens.”
The second point Beutler misses is this: accusing Carson of being a “token” tells us much more about Beutler than it does about the fever-dream Republican Party that they imagine exists. It is, after all, Beutler who is dismissing Carson as a serious candidate based purely upon Carson's race. Nearly a third of all voters polled by the Wall Street Journal feel otherwise.
Hi, Pot? Yeah, It's Kettle
You can critique Carson's politics or their policy, and you'd assuredly have plenty to criticize, but by denouncing Carson purely as a “token” candidate, Beutler betrays their own narrow-minded inability to get over the fact that Carson is a black man enjoying a whole lot of prestige within the Republican race.
Whatever their faults or shortcomings, the Republican base likes Carson very much.
Perhaps most poignantly, it is rather ironic for any liberal to be making a “racial critique” of the GOP or conservatives when the Left often drips with barely-concealed racial hostility. Dismissing Carson as a “token” is but one example from this election cycle alone. Consider the others which, if Republicans had done them, would merit round-the-clock coverage on all major news networks: Mark Halperin obsessing over Cruz's Cuban heritage during an interview. Democratic strategist L. Joy Williams dismissing Carson as a “safe negro.” Kevin Drum referring to Rubio as a “Republican piñata.”
And it's worth pointing out that Democrats are the party of the Ku Klux Klan. So if we are indulging any “racial critiques” of U.S. political parties, perhaps we should start there.
Beutler is welcome to look down at Carson for being a black Republican. This is a feature of modern liberalism. But they should at least be aware of how pathetic they sound. Whatever their faults or shortcomings, the Republican base likes Carson very much. Within the ranks of the GOP they will rise or fall based on their merits, not the color of their skin. Would that they could expect the same from the editors of The New Republic.
Year Word of the year
(German) Etymology
English translation Explanation
1971 aufmüpfig Rebellious, insubordinate Characterization of the 1960s counterculture, especially the German student movement
1977 Szene Scene, community Reference to a number of news-making communities, e.g. drug scene, gay scene, disco scene
1978 konspirative Wohnung Conspirative apartment Reference to the hideout of the kidnappers of Hanns Martin Schleyer, which the police failed to locate
1979 Holocaust Holocaust The original broadcast of the American TV miniseries Holocaust, which led to an increased public interest in Nazi crimes.
1980 Rasterfahndung Dragnet investigation Proposed measures for computer-aided searches for wanted criminals that led to a heated political and public debate about information privacy.
1981 Nullösung Zero Option Reference to a proposal by then-President of the United States Ronald Reagan for the withdrawal of all Soviet and US intermediate-range nuclear missiles from Europe
1982 Ellenbogengesellschaft Literally "elbow society", dog eat dog competition Term used by critics who feared a culture lacking social skills was growing, which emphasized egoism, ruthlessness, and competitiveness
1983 Heißer Herbst Hot/heated autumn Reference to a series of large-scale protests against the NATO Double-Track Decision and the strengthening peace movement
1984 Umweltauto Environment-friendly car, low-energy vehicle Reference to one of the topics of the environmental movement
1985 Glykol Diethylene glycol The toxic additive uncovered in a widespread wine adulteration scandal.
1986 Tschernobyl Chernobyl Chernobyl disaster
1987 AIDS, Kondom AIDS and condom The growing media attention paid to the spreading HIV/AIDS disease and subsequent campaign for safe sex
1988 Gesundheitsreform Healthcare reform Reference to the dominant political discussion of that year
1991 Besserwessi Compound of besser ("better") and Wessi (informal term for a citizen of West Germany), thus resembling the German word Besserwisser ("know-it-all", "smart arse") A perception by former citizens of East Germany in the post-reunification period that their lifetime achievements under Communist rule were regarded as inferior and valueless by West Germans
1992 Politikverdrossenheit Indifference to politics Perceived political indifference from decreasing voter turnouts and party membership numbers
1993 Sozialabbau Reduction of social benefits Reference to austerity measures taken by the conservative government of Helmut Kohl
1994 Superwahljahr super election year The environment of perpetual election campaign for politicians, due to a federal election, European parliament election, and eight state elections converging in 1994
1995 Multimedia Multimedia Buzzword used for state-of-the-art developments in computer and digital technology
1996 Sparpaket Austerity package The dominance in political discussions of the time about how to shoulder the immense follow-up costs of the German reunification
1997 Reformstau Literally "reform jam" The perceived political standstill during the later years of the Kohl government
1998 Rot-Grün Red-green Reference to the coalition government of Social Democrats and Greens, led by newly elected chancellor Gerhard Schröder[3]
1999 Millennium Millennium The term was used as an ubiquitous buzzword in public anticipation of the year 2000[3]
2001 Der elfte September September 11 Reference to the September 11 attacks
2002 Teuro Portmanteau of teuer ("expensive", "pricey") and Euro The widespread public perception that the currency changeover from the Deutsche Mark to the Euro had led to a hidden price increase[3]
2004 Hartz IV Name of a highly controversial set of reforms of the German labor market[3]
2005 Bundeskanzlerin Female form of "Federal Chancellor" Angela Merkel became the first woman to hold the post of German chancellor[3][4]
2006 Fanmeile Literally "fan mile" Reference to public screenings of the matches of the 2006 FIFA World Cup, which attracted hundreds of thousands of spectators[3][4]
2008 Finanzkrise Financial crisis The dominance of the financial crisis of 2007–08 in political discussions that year[6]
2009 Abwrackprämie Scrapping bonus Reference to a political measure to help the automobile industry through the Great Recession, which saw a bonus of €2,500 for those buying a brand-new car and scrapping the old one instead of reselling it[7]
2010 Wutbürger Compound of Wut ("anger", "rage") and Bürger ("citizen") Stereotype of middle-aged, socially and financially secure people without any previous experience in attending demonstrations, who protest in the streets in an emotional, heated manner (especially characterizing the opponents of the Stuttgart 21 project)[8]
2012 Rettungsroutine Literally "rescue routine" A rarely-used term coined by German politician Wolfgang Bosbach, criticizing the series of measures addressing the European debt crisis that passed the Bundestag in a rushed manner, possibly without sufficient debate and consideration of alternatives[10]
2013 GroKo Acronym for Große Koalition ("grand coalition") A reference to the upcoming governmental coalition in the Bundestag, formed by CDU/CSU and SPD[11]
2014 Lichtgrenze Literally light border art installation by Christopher Bauder, tracing the path of the Berlin Wall as part of the celebrations of the 25th anniversary of its Fall.
2016 postfaktisch post truth A reference to the increasing tendency to form opinions based on emotions rather than facts in political and public discourse. More and more people are turning so reluctant towards "those on top" that they become willing to ignore facts and accept even open lies eagerly. Not claims to the truth, but openly daring to speak the "felt truth" leads to success in a post-truth age. The Brexit campaign's thriving partially on deliberate misinformation, as well as discriminatory remarks and untrue claims (such as President Barack Obama supposedly having founded ISIS) leading to the victory of Donald Trump in the United States presidential election, 2016, are cited as recent examples of this phenomenon.[13]
MADRID, Sept 1 (Reuters) - New Real Madrid signing Michael Essien is confident they have put a series of serious injuries behind them and is ready to fight for a place in the La Liga side after completing a loan move from Chelsea on Friday.
The versatile 29-year-old Ghana midfielder, who played under Real coach Jose Mourinho at the London club and refers to the Portuguese as “daddy”, flew into the Spanish capital and passed their medical on Saturday.
“I have had my injuries but I am in good form now and very strong,” a beaming Essien, who will wear the number 15 shirt for the Spanish champions, told reporters.
“If I wasn't ready Real Madrid would not have brought me here,” they added.
“Daddy (Mourinho) knows me very well, they brought me to Chelsea, and they know I can play in any position they want - except goalkeeper.”
Essien's 2011-12 campaign was ruined by a knee injury they sustained in pre-season, the last of three serious setbacks in recent years, and they struggled to win a regular place in the Chelsea starting 11 on their return.
Mourinho has brought Essien into the Real squad to replace France midfielder Lassana Diarra, who sealed a move to wealthy Russian club Anzhi Makhachkala on Friday pending a medical.
Essien, who like Diarra can also play at right back, said the call from Mourinho had come as a surprise and the negotiations had been concluded rapidly.
“Everything went very fast and I was in my hotel room and I had a call from my daddy and they said they would be very happy to have me at the club,” they said.
“I never thought I would end up here. I was focused on Chelsea and I didn't know that Real Madrid would make a bid for me.
“When Mourinho calls it's more than enough. All I want to do is play football and when they rang me I said yes immediately.
“When I arrived they were at the airport. We were really happy to see each other and I am really looking forward to starting playing and enjoying the football.”
Essien signed their one-year loan contract in the presence of Real president Florentino Perez and was given a watch, a Real shirt, a model of the stadium and a fountain pen.
After taking only one point from their opening two matches, Real are looking to get their bid for a second consecutive La Liga title back on track when they host Granada on Sunday.
Mourinho's team claimed their first piece of silverware of the season by beating arch rivals Barcelona on away goals to clinch the Spanish Super Cup on Wednesday. (Reporting by Iain Rogers, editing by Tim Hart)
International police, politicians and conservationists warn that the UN's programme to cut carbon emissions by paying poor countries to preserve their forests is 'open to wide abuse'
A revolutionary UN scheme to cut carbon emissions by paying poorer countries to preserve their forests is a recipe for corruption and will be hijacked by organised crime without safeguards, a Guardian investigation has found.
The UN, the World Bank, the UK and individuals including Prince Charles have strongly backed UN plans to expand the global carbon market to allow countries to trade the carbon stored in forests.
If, as expected, this is agreed at crucial UN climate change talks taking place in Bangkok this week and concluding in Copenhagen in December, up to $30bn a year could be transferred from rich countries to the owners of endangered forests.
But experts on all sides of the debate, from international police to politicians to conservationists, have warned this week that the scheme, called Reducing emissions from deforestation and degradation (Redd), may be impossible to monitor and may already be leading to fraud. The UN itself accepts there are "high risks".
Interpol, the world's leading policing agency, said this week that the chances were very high that criminal gangs would seek to take advantage of Redd schemes, which will be largely be based in corruption-prone African and Asian countries.
"Alarm bells are ringing. It is simply too big to monitor. The potential for criminality is vast and has not been taken into account by the people who set it up," said Peter Younger, Interpol environment crimes specialist and author of a new report for the World Bank on illegal forestry.
"Organised crime syndicates are eyeing the nascent forest carbon market. I will report to the bank that Redd schemes are open to wide abuse," they said.
The significance of the felling of forests across great swaths of the world cannot be overstated - it is are responsible for about 20% of the globe's entire carbon emissions. With governments anxious to find new ways to meet increasingly stringent national emission targets, a scheme which promises to benefit poor countries, cut emissions cheaply and not require any new technology is highly attractive.
But most of the countries rich in forests are also home to some of the world's most corrupt politicians and uncontrolled logging companies, who stand to make billions of dollars if they can get Redd projects approved.
"Fraud could include claiming credits for forests that do not exist or were not protected or by land grabs. It starts with bribery or intimidation of officials, then there are threats and violence against those people. There's forged documents too," said Younger. "Carbon trading transcends borders. I do not see any input from any law enforcement agency in planning Redd."
Hans Brattskar, director of Norway's forest and climate programme, whose country is financially backing the UN Redd programme, said last night: "It will be extremely difficult to make it work. Law enforcement is vital because the corruption issued are very real. But we have to put in safeguards and we have to try. Redd can save up to 20% of all the world's emissions. Without it, I believe it will be impossible to reach the target of stemming climate change and holding global temperatures to 2C," the level judged acceptable by the European Union.
Last month, Papua New Guinea, one of the countries pushing hardest for Redd to be accepted in the UN climate talks, suspended their climate change minister after allegations that $100m of fake carbon credits had been handed to communities to persuade them to sign up to forest protection schemes.
Last night the UN admitted that Redd schemes were dangerously open to abuse. "Where countries are corrupt the potential for Redd corruption is dangerous. [In Papua New Guinea], people have tried to take advantage of the market in an unacceptable way and carbon cowboys are trying to get the benefits. We can expect more of this as Redd develops," said Tiina Vahanen, a senior officer at UN-Redd.
People setting up Redd schemes also fear that they may be discredited by fraudsters aiming to profit from public money. "The potential for Redd rape and pillage is staggering. Logging companies may turn into carbon companies. All they have to do is count, not cut. It's like giving a mass murderer money," said Rob Dodwell, a British conservationist setting up schemes in Kenya and Cameroon.
The UN estimates that 25% of the world's forestry emissions, or nearly 5% of total global carbon emissions, could be saved by 2015 if rich countries invest $15bn to set up Redd schemes.
So far rich countries have put up $52m to establish nine official pilot Redd schemes in Asia, Latin America and Africa. In addition several hundred private schemes are being set up by bankers, conservation groups, and businesses who plan to offer carbon credits on the voluntary market.
But academics and environment groups with long experience working with the logging industry and indigenous communities said that both government and private schemes are being set up with no guarantees to protect communities who depend on the forests. "Decisions are being rushed, communities are not consulted or compensated and the lure of money from cutting emissions is overiding everything," says Rosalind Reeve of forestry watchdog group Global Witness.
The Binding of Isaac is almost definitely coming to Nintendo Switch, based on a pretty strong hint from its creators.
A new item coming to Afterbirth+ lets you temporarily freeze time.
Publisher Nicalis' founder Tyrone Rodriguez hinted on the game's blog that The Binding of Isaac's upcoming DLC expansion, Afterbirth+, would be coming to "PlayStation 4, Xbox One and one more console." (Emphasis ours.)
They further added, "Sorry no PS Vita or Wii U versions. Date? Spring 2017- we're already working on the console versions."
So if it's not Wii U or Vita, that doesn't leave a lot of room for other consoles that aren't the Switch. Unless they consider the 3DS a "console", but then he'd just say 3DS. Our take is that there's some contractual obligation preventing the publisher from formally making a Switch announcement - just as Bethesda has shied away from confirming Skyrim's release on the platform, despite it being revealed in the console's announcement trailer.
In other The Binding of Isaac news, Rodriguez confirmed that the Afterbirth+ expansion will launch by the end of the year on PC. As stated above, the add-on will come to console in the spring.
Furthermore, the iOS version of The Binding of Isaac is "in the final phase of beta testing" and is likewise due "this year, to coincide with AB+ on PC."
Market impact studies show the latest proposals for a Cedar Rapids-based casino would again cause “a significant cannibalization impact” meaning a new gaming facility would be taking business from surrounding casinos.
Business “cannibalization” was the biggest reason the Iowa Racing and Gaming Commission rejected a previous Cedar Rapids gaming license proposal, four to one, in 2014 after reviewing similar market studies on a large Cedar Crossing design by the Cedar Rapids Development Group, or CRDG.
This time, commissioners are looking at three bids. Two are coming from CRDG. One of them-- virtually the same proposal as three years prior, a $196 million Cedar Crossing development on the west side of the Cedar River. The other, a smaller Cedar Crossing Central plan that calls for putting a $106 million casino in the core of downtown by replacing a parkade next to the U.S. Cellular Center.
The third option comes from Wild Rose Entertainment, which plans for a smaller “boutique” casino up on First Avenue Southeast, next to the Skogman building. Its plan calls for an estimated construction cost of about $42 million.
The Marquette Advisors study, released to the public Thursday afternoon, showed all three casinos would cannibalize between 45%-56% of their annual revenue from other Iowa facilities. Riverside Casino & Resort losing the most revenue, between $18 million to $22 million.
“Of the $85.0 million in annual revenue projected for the larger Cedar Crossing facility, we estimate that about 55% ($47 million) would be “new” revenue resulting from an increase in gaming activity, with the remaining 45%, or $38 million coming through the cannibalization of business from other casinos,” said the report. “The cannibalization impact for the smaller casino proposals is estimated to range from approximately $29 to $32 million, or about 56% of facility revenues.”
The WhiteSand Gaming study showed even higher percentages of projected cannibalization, 89%-92% of revenue being pulled from nearby casinos. Riverside's facility again feeling the biggest impact, a loss of between $19 million to $27 million.
"Hardest hit would be Riverside, with over 20% of their current revenue at risk to a new operation in Cedar Rapids," said the WhiteSand study. "Waterloo would be affected as well, losing between 5 to 9% of revenue. We spread the effect of the revenue loss in the Dubuque market between the two properties located there with a combined revenue loss of between 3 and 6%."
Jeff Lamberti, IRGC member and former chair during the last proposal, told I9 back in February, historically, if a proposed casino is expected to cut into another casino's profits by a percentage in the mid-teens the commission would deny the request.
"If the impact on the adjusted gross receipts of the facility was under 10% they generally got a license," said Lamberti. "If it was above the mid teens and certainly 20, 25, 30 they were denied."
Lamberti continued, saying if studies showed a big enough margin of difference, commissioner discretion came into play.
"I may have one study that says the impact is 13% and the other one tells me it's 8%," said Lamberti. "OK, that's where my judgment comes in and says do I think it's closer to this or closer to this."
The WhiteSand report concluded Cedar Rapids may have missed its shot for a downtown facility altogether when voters turned down a 2003 Iowa Racing and Gaming Commission recommendation to authorize gambling in Linn County.
“Linn County voters at that time voted the initiative down," said the report. "Ten years later, in 2013, Linn County voters did approve a referendum to authorize gaming, but in our opinion, the market was saturated by then.”
Cedar Rapids Development Group responded to the market studies, Thursday evening. In its three paragraph statement, CRDG didn't acknowledge the cannibalization numbers but did tout projected "new" revenue for its two proposals saying one of the studies "makes a clear and compelling case for gaming in Cedar Rapids."
"We are pleased Marquette Advisors, who has the most experience in conducting gaming market studies for the state of Iowa, has determined that both Cedar Crossing projects would generate significant new revenue for the state," read the statement. "We are also pleased that in both scenarios, our two Cedar Crossing projects produce more new revenue to the state than our competition's proposal."
CRDG went on to say it remains "committed to pursuing a gaming license for Linn County.”
Wild Rose Entertainment didn't immediately return a request for comment.
The Iowa Racing and Gaming Commission will discuss the market impact studies later this month. Commissioners will vote on the casino proposals November 16.
Arkansas's voter ID law was recently declared unconstitutional by a judge, who ruled that it violated the state constitution's right to vote. But for now, the law is still in effect—and it created chaos and confusion in its first real test Tuesday. Just as troubling, the state's election administrators are reacting with a collective shrug.
Arkansas's primaries, held Tuesday, were fairly low turnout affairs. But the state is playing host to a crucial and high-profile U.S. Senate race this fall.
Among the problems reported from Tuesday: poll workers quizzing voters on their personal information, including address and birthdate, after being shown ID, and using electronic card strip readers to verify ID—both of which go far beyond what the law allows. Some voters without proper ID are said to have been wrongly denied provisional ballots. And large numbers of absentee ballots also are in danger of not being counted, thanks to the ID law.
“We're hearing from some pretty steamed voters,” said Holly Dickson, a lawyer with the state chapter of the American Civil Liberties Union, citing “a smorgasborg of complaints and issues” about the law's application. The ACLU is challenging the law in court.
In two separate recent cases, Arkansas's voter ID law, passed last year, has been struck down by the same state court judge, Tim Fox, who ruled that it violates the state constitution's right to vote, since many Arkansans lack ID and can't easily get one. But the state Supreme Court this month vacated one of those rulings, saying the constitutionality question wasn't at issue in the case, and Fox put the other ruling on hold while it's being appealed. That left the ID measure in place for Tuesday's primaries.
There were no high-profile races on the ballot Tuesday, and turnout was relatively low, limiting the damage caused by the election problems. But that won't be the case this November when Sen. Mark Pryor, a Democrat, is facing a tough re-election fight. The race could help decide control of the U.S. Senate.
On Wednesday morning, the Arkansas Times published written accounts from seven different voters of being asked for information after presenting their ID. “I was quizzed about my name, address and birthdate while the election volunteer held my license where I couldn't see it,” wrote one voter.
Another voter reported being told by a poll worker, after presenting several forms of ID: “All I want is the driver's license, because my machine reads the bar code.” Dickson said she, too, had heard from voters about polling places using machines to read ID bar codes.
“While most voters are OK with showing their ID, the way that this was carried out was, it appears, not only unlawful but incredibly offensive,” Dickson said.
The voters' accounts were posted by Max Brantley, a veteran and widely respected Arkansas journalist. “County clerks, the state Election Commission and others need to get involved—now,” wrote Brantley, who serves on the board of the Arkansas Public Law Center, which is working with the ACLU in challenging the law.
In a tweet sent Wednesday afternoon, a leading Washington-based voting rights group—whose director is a former head of the Justice Department's voting rights section—suggested a federal investigation might be called for. Asked whether the issue was on the Justice Department's radar, a spokesperson for the department did not immediately respond.
But among state election officials, there appears to be far less urgency. Laura Labay, a spokesperson for Secretary of State Mark Martin, a Republican, said via email that their office had no authority to look into the complaints, and that it's the role of the state Board of Election Commissioners.
Justin Clay, the board's director, said the state's training program for poll workers had made clear that the law allows them only to verify the name and picture on voters' ID. But the news that many poll workers appear not to be following those instructions didn't appear to be cause for alarm.
“We're compiling information, said Clay, before adding: “I wouldn't say we're compiling information. We don't have a lot of information other than what's been posted on the Arkansas Times blog. So it's hard to address the specific experiences that voters may or may not have encountered. We'd be happy to do so if we could get some more information.”
Clay said they had spoken to one county involved, which assured them that it had trained its poll workers correctly. So was there a plan to investigate further?
“No plan at the moment,” said Clay, adding that unless the board received complaints from voters or from county clerks on voters' behalf, there wasn't much it could do.
Then there are the issues with provisional and absentee ballots. Under the law, voters without acceptable ID are supposed to be offered the chance to cast a provisional ballot, which will count if they return soon with the proper ID.
“That has not happened in some instances, and in other instances the voter had to argue with poll workers before they could even get their provisional ballot,” said Dickson.
Also, the law requires that absentee voters, like those voting in person, provide ID—though it doesn't have to include a picture. Inevitably, Dickson said there are large numbers of absentee ballots that came without ID. What happens to those ballots is the subject of litigation, and the state Supreme Court recently ruled that they must be disqualified. That's left a significant number of voters who didn't follow the proper procedure in danger of being disenfranchised.
Dickson said the “chaos and inconsistency” in the application of the law could end up being cited as evidence in their group's ongoing challenge to the measure.
“It is fundamentally unfair, and undermines our democracy, if voters are being treated differently from polling place to polling place,” they said.
Late Update, 1:23 p.m.: More on the law's impact on absentee voters: Frederick Freeman, the election commissioner of St. Francis County, tells the Associated Press that only 19 of the 102 absentee ballots the county received for the election were counted, because 83 were sent without proof of ID.
One of the most unusual funeral services in Cincinnati took place in 1882 when a Baptist preacher opened their ministry to the “fallen women” of the Queen City by holding a religious service for a departed “cyprian.” The city was scandalized, but their next service was packed.
Kitty Clifford, the cyprian in question, died mid-song in the parlor of Kitty Bennett's brothel at 297 Elm Street on Sunday, 22 January 1882. A lively group had gathered, and Ms. Clifford announced that they were going to see Gilbert & Sullivan's new opera, “Patience.” It could not possibly, they said, compare with Edmond Audran's “Olivette” of a few years earlier. With this, they sat down at the piano and began to sing the Farandole from the conclusion of Olivette's second act:
Love is a draught divine
Rarer than the rarest wine
“Suddenly they fell from the stool to the floor in a swoon,” reported the Enquirer, “and the blood gushed from their mouth.” The gentlemen present, cads all, fled from the house. Kitty Bennett sent a servant to fetch a doctor but they arrived just as the poor girl breathed them last.
As the mortal remains of Kitty Clifford were sent to Epply's funeral parlor, two odd developments emerged.
First, a “missionary Baptist preacher,” one Rev. John Morris, appeared at Kitty Bennett's to offer a religious service for the young woman. They made no promises because it was uncertain that any church or respectable building would allow such a service for such a woman.
Second, Kitty Clifford's past began to reveal itself. It had been known for some time that they came from a cultured family. As their friends pieced together anecdotes they had told, it came out that Ms. Clifford was born into a very respectable Baltimore family. Them real name was Lillie A. Hunter. They were 28 years old. It was said that their father had once been mayor [apparently untrue]. They were one of three sisters who had lost their mother in a horrible fire. Their father remarried and the stepmother drove the girls from the house. All had followed a path of “lapsed virtue.”
Kitty “took up” with a man who presented them as their wife and they had a daughter, now about seven. They occasionally visited when they were in Cincinnati, and Kitty kept a photo of their daughter - now being raised by a relative - on their bureau. After some time in the “sporting houses” of New York, they had entered several houses in Cincinnati, most recently with Kitty Bennett.
Rev. Morris was able to secure the auditorium of the Women's Christian Temperance Union on Sixth Street, and there the funeral was held. The room, seating about 400 was packed.
“A few ladies of the Temperance Union occupied seats in the front of the hall and a few unnoticed may have scattered themselves throughout the audience. But the main portion was made up of women of the town. They were there collected from all the many houses, high and low - if such distinction be admissible - in the city,” according to the Gazette.
Rev. Morris warmed to their topic and preached mightily on forgiveness. Without addressing the sin most of the audience expected them to address, but stressed that all humankind had sinned and required salvation.
“One thing, however, the funeral did do, and that was it succeeded in getting to church people who are not accustomed to that sort of thing,” the Gazette opined.
They turned out again a few days later when word got around that Rev. Morris would be preaching on the topic of “The Saved Harlot.” This time, Murdock's Hall was the venue, and it was standing room only.
“The sermon,” the Gazette reported in obvious disappointment, “was far from being of the sensational order, being mainly doctrinal.”
The saved harlot in question was Rahab, the prostitute of Jericho, and the text was Hebrews 11:31, “By faith the harlot Rahab perished not with them that believed not.”
This time, Rev. Morris made a direct appeal to the “women of the town” to depart their fallen lives and to repent. They had been told, according to the Enquirer, “by professed Christians that they were ruining the church by preaching to harlots, but those who had not departed from the paths of virtue and honesty, and whose characters are whiter than snow, and without a blot on their fair name, must perish, unless they have faith and believe, while the worn out harlot, who has become a nuisance on the street, believing, will be saved.”
OPINION: Whether we like it or not, the country is about to have a fairly heated conversation about immigration.
It's not that it hasn't been talked about before but with immigration at record levels and the country changing before our eyes, we all know it's going to be a vote-sensitive issue and a hot topic.
We can look forward to lots of people throwing around charges of racism, selfishness, small-mindedness and xenophobia because immigration is that sort of issue. Many, of course, see immigration as our economic salvation.
It will help the debate if we all recognise some painful realities about people and not blow them up into highly charged problems.
READ MORE:
* Nigel Latta: the truth about immigration
​* Shamubeel Eaqub: Immigration an emotionally charged topic
* Rising demand for New Zealand residency sees Govt turning down the tap
* Immigration tipping point – are we there yet?
Let's be honest. New Zealanders are not terribly welcoming towards immigrants although it's different if they move next door and are nice people.
I think most New Zealanders are prepared to give people a fair go whatever their racial background but there aren't many saints around and most of us have reservations about immigration for reasons that aren't always laudable. I certainly don't claim to be any exception.
Those reservations or suspicions or assumptions, don't necessarily mean the holders are bad or racist.
Without making excuses, we seem to be programmed to distrust strangers. Our language reflects this. We refer to people from other countries as foreigners, aliens and outsiders.
The suspicion probably results from good survival instincts. We are naturally careful about people until we get to know them. It's also natural to question people's intentions and worry about losing what we have worked for to outsiders.
These instinctive feelings are ripe for exploitation by politicians so we have to be careful. Most people who are fiercely anti-immigration haven't formed their views by studying the statistics or weighing up the economic pro and cons. They may hitch the odd argument to their wagon but generally the feeling comes first.
Despite being the New Zealand-born child of immigrants, I'm not a big fan of the large scale immigration of the last five years or so.
Part of this is an emotional reaction to what I see happening about the place. I have been in my home town Auckland a bit this year. Some of the changes to places I once knew well have been rapid and brutal. If I was trying to buy a property, I would not appreciate competing with a new wave of well-heeled immigrants.
And I'm starting to wonder, and I know this sounds like Donald Trump, whether New Zealand is a bit of a soft touch. I wonder how many scams are going on and I'm not impressed when I hear about people dumping their old folks on the New Zealand health system or getting New Zealand residency and heading straight home or to Australia. We know many students who come here from China and India do not do so to take advantage of our wonderful education system. For many of them it's a step to permanent residency through the back door.
A few well-publicised cases of immigration scams do not mean the system is rotten but clarity around a lot of these worries is hard to come by.
The uncomfortable thing about immigration policies is they are by necessity mercenary. They are not about opening our bounty to people who really need a break. We only want those who can help us get richer. It's ironic we have much higher standards and expectations of immigrants that we do of our own citizens.
We should remember, however, that nobody comes here out of altruism either. Most immigrants will want to contribute but they come here first and foremost for a better life for themselves, not for those inviting them in.
I've also become a bit skeptical about the claimed benefits of immigration. I don't like the way successive Governments use it as an economic tool to make the economy look better than it is. Sure immigrants, whether they are on work visas or have been granted residency under the points system, boost an economy with their skills and just being here. They increase demand and do jobs we won't do for the same money.
But despite years of bringing in skilled people, exports are stagnant and narrowly based. We are still overly dependent on dairying and tourism. And, as business still keeps telling us, the skills shortage never get any better. It's clear business loves immigrants because they keep wages low.
New Zealand's population is growing too fast and changing too fast. Both Treasury and the Reserve Bank are worried.
"... we cannot ignore that the 160,000 net inflow of permanent and long-term migrants over the last three years has generated an unprecedented increase in the population and a significant boost to housing demand," the Reserve Bank told the Government in July.
We don't need to put the full sign out but we certainly need to put the brakes on hard.
Top 10 highest-paying charities in the latest accounts submitted before 19 January London Clinic (income £137m) The independent charitable hospital paid its highest earner between £850,000 and £860,000. The clinic declines to name the person but its accounts say the figure related to contractual payments in lieu of notice. Nuffield Health (income £662m) The healthcare charity paid one unnamed person between £770,000 and £780,000. The figure included redundancy. David Mobbs, group chief executive, was its second-highest earner, receiving between £640,000 and £650,000. St Andrew's Healthcare (income £189m) The specialist mental healthcare provider paid its former chief executive, Philip Sugarman, between £750,000 and £760,000 in 2014, the year they left. This figure included pay in lieu of notice and compensation for loss of office. Wellcome Trust (income £281m) The science and medical foundation paid Danny Truell, its chief investment officer, between £590,000 and £600,000 a year. Royal Opera House (income £114m) The ROH's music director, Sir Antonio Pappano, received payments totalling £566,000. A note in the charity's accounts says that this figure included a salary and separate fees for conducting. Anchor Trust (income £268m) Jane Ashcroft, chief executive of the housing provider, was paid between £420,000 and £430,000 a year. This included a pension payment of £87,945, reflecting the fact they moved from a defined-benefit to a defined-contribution pension. City & Guilds (income £114m) The qualifications-awarding body paid between £400,000 and £410,000 to Chris Jones, its director-general. The charity says the figure included a base salary of £250,000, a performance-related bonus and benefits in kind. Legal Education Foundation (income £149m) It paid between £360,000 and £370,000 to Alan Humphreys, who was deputy chief of its predecessor, the College of Law and then acting chief of the entity established in 2013. The new chief is paid £150,000. Children's Investment Fund Foundation (income £100m) The foundation's highest earner received between £350,000 and £360,000 a year, but it declines to name the person. It says that its chief executive, Michael Anderson, earns £275,000 a year. Church Commissioners for England (income £140m) The charity manages the Church of England's land and investment portfolio. It paid its unnamed highest earner £330,000 to £340,000, which included a long-term performance payment of £91,000.
The pay of senior charity staff has been under fire in the past few years, particularly from some Conservative politicians and sections of the media. William Shawcross, chair of the Charity Commission, has said that "disproportionate" salaries could bring charities into disrepute, and a report by the National Council for Voluntary Organisations has urged charities to be more open about pay levels and how they are set.
Against this background, Third Sector looked two years ago at the annual accounts of the top 150 charities by income and created a list of the 100 charities that paid their senior executives the most. The results ranged from a charitable independent hospital that paid its highest earner nearly £1m to more mainstream large general charities and professional bodies paying between £120,000 and £130,000 a year.
A repeat of the study this year reveals a similar pattern, with the highest pay to be found once again in charitable private hospitals and medical charities, philanthropic foundations, independent schools and professional bodies – charities that are often not recognised as such, do little public fundraising and have not attracted significant criticism.
General household-name charities pay their highest-paid executives the least, yet have attracted the most criticism – perhaps because they are recognised as charities, with all the connotations of voluntarism the word entails, and have higher public fundraising and campaigning profiles. The median pay among general charities, which occupied 47 places in the top 100, fell from £155,000 in 2013 to £145,000 a year in 2015 – a decline of 6 per cent.
Top place this year goes as before to the London Clinic, an independent charitable hospital in London's Harley Street, which awarded one unnamed senior executive between £850,000 and £860,000; a note in its accounts says the figure includes payments in lieu of notice. The hospital and fitness centre operator Nuffield Health was placed second again, paying one unnamed former executive between £770,000 and £780,000, including redundancy pay.
Twelve of the top 100 charities paid their highest earners more than £300,000 and 32 more than £200,000. This compares with nine charities that paid their highest earners more than £300,000 and 30 that paid more than £200,000 in the 2013 study.
Some charities that did not make it into the listing this year included Oxfam, Christian Aid and several other members of the Disasters Emergency Committee that were singled out for criticism by The Daily Telegraph in July 2013. These charities paid their highest earners less than £125,000 and therefore fell outside the top 100 (see "Methodology" with main table). Other household names with annual incomes of more than £100m, such as Sightsavers and the RSPB, also did not make the top 100.
The overall mean average pay across the top 100 was £208,000 to £217,000, slightly higher than in 2013. The median pay level stayed the same at £165,000.
But comparing how much charities pay can be problematic because of the way charities report remuneration. Some include pension costs, other benefits and redundancy payments in their figures, but others don't mention such benefits.
The overall income of charities seems to have little bearing on the amount paid to the highest earners. For example, the housing provider the Anchor Trust had an income of £268m and paid between £420,000 and £430,000 to its chief executive, Jane Ashcroft, but Barnardo's, with a comparable income of £286m, paid £140,000 to £150,000 to its acting chief executive, Peter Brook.
£165,000 The median pay level in the 100 highest-paying charities. This figure is the same as in the last study carried out by Third Sector two years ago
Instead, pay levels appeared to be more closely related to the sub-sectors in which the charities operated.
As in 2013, charities in the medical, health and science sectors were the most generous, paying their highest earners a mean of between £412,000 and £421,000 (a median of £232,000). General charities paid the least, with a mean of between £158,000 and £168,000, the same as in 2013.
The study this year includes the total number of staff who were paid more than £60,000 in each organisation (see "Methodology" with main table). The British Council had the highest number earning more than £60,000 (286), followed by Cancer Research UK with 189. On average, the top 100 charities had 43 staff who earned more than £60,000.
12 The number of senior executives in the 100 highest-paying charities who are paid more than £300k a year; 32 are paid more than £200k a year
David Fielding, managing partner of the employment agency Attenti, which specialises in charity executive recruitment, says the study raises questions about what constitutes a charity. They point out that most members of the public wouldn't consider some of the highest-paying organisations, such as Nuffield Health or St Andrew's Healthcare, to be charities.
They say most mainstream charities have exercised restraint in recent years, generally offering significantly smaller senior executive salaries than the private and public sectors. "For example, Richard Hawkes, the chief executive of Scope, runs a complicated organisation that has more than 3,500 staff and an income of more than £100m, and they earn £130,000 to £140,000," says Fielding.
"In my opinion, their job is more complicated and comes with more risks than that of a senior civil servant, a university vice-chancellor or a chief executive of a local authority or a housing association, which pay a lot more." Many senior public sector roles come with less risk and better pensions and packages, they add.
Some critics of charity senior executive pay have called for the introduction of a pay cap, but Fielding believes that limiting charity pay would harm the sector. "Charities want dynamic, superb chief executives to drive and fulfil their missions," they say. "If you're too restrictive and sanctimonious on salaries, you will struggle to recruit and retain the best possible leaders."
43 The average number of staff in the 100 highest-paying charities who are paid more than £60k a year. The British Council had 286 paid more than that
Gina Miller, a philanthropist who has been vocal in the pay debate, believes this argument to be spurious. They run a foundation that has one employee, spent £8,300 on staff and made grants of £54,000 out of its income of £113,000 in 2013. "I don't buy the argument that these are rare people and you have to pay high amounts to get them," they say. "I think there are lots of talented, professional people out there who would do the job for more reasonable pay."
Miller believes that more charities should use remuneration ratios, relating the pay of the lowest-earning member of staff to that of the highest. "If you work backwards from the lowest-paid person, then you'd probably get a much fairer pay escalation ladder," they say.
The use of ratios was among the recommendations of the NCVO's inquiry into senior executive pay at charities. Karl Wilding, its director of public policy, says the evidence it gathered suggested that charities tended to pay their lowest earners more than the private and public sectors did, and generally paid their highest earners less. The earnings data company Croner confirms that charities pay their highest earners about 25 per cent less than the total for all sectors (see the table "Comparison of pay between charities and all sectors", below ). "For a sector that gets accused of not living by its own values, the evidence doesn't quite fit," says Wilding.
They say charities should take into account the NCVO's guidance when setting and reporting on senior executive pay, but adds: "It's not for the NCVO or anyone else to lecture charities about levels of pay. But it is for charities to explain how they arrive at decisions about remuneration."
Methodology
This table lists the 100 highest earners from the largest 150 charities by income in England and Wales, taken from the annual accounts on file at the Charity Commission on 19 January 2015. Some charities might have since filed more recent accounts. Universities were removed from the list this year because only some are required to file their accounts under charity law. The lowest income for the top 150 charities in this year's study was £52m. In most cases, charities list the pay of their highest earners in salary bands of £10,000, but some state an actual figure. Some charities include pension payments, benefits and payments such as redundancy costs in their overall remuneration figures, but others do not state whether these costs are included. Six charities not in the top 100 also paid between £120,000 and £130,000, but these were excluded because they had higher incomes than those included in the table. Charities paying in a salary band between £120,000 and £130,000 were considered to be paying a higher amount than those that said they paid £125,000 or less. There might be some senior staff in charities with smaller incomes than the top 150 who are paid more than those in the table.
Corporates vs charities: how do they compare?
The fashion retailer Asos has a turnover of £769m and pays its chief executive a total of £804,000, according to data from the remuneration advisory firm Patterson Associates. The charity Nuffield Health has comparable figures: its income is £662m and its highest-paid executive is in the £770,000-£780,000 pay bands. Two other charities with executives paid in the £750,000-£860,000 range have much smaller incomes – St Andrew's Healthcare has £189m and the London Clinic £137m. The corporate services firm the Hogg Robinson Group has a turnover of £341m and pays its chief £594,000. Save the Children has almost the same turnover, but pays its chief between £130,000 and £140,000. Stanley Gibbons, the stamp collecting firm, has a turnover of £52m and pays its chief £397,000. Most charities with similar incomes pay less: Catch 22 and London Zoo have the same income as Stanley Gibbons and pay £120,000-£130,000 and £150,000-£160,000 respectively.
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool midfielder Lucas Leiva believes they have responded to Jurgen Klopp's demand to provide more creativity.
The long-serving Brazilian bagged their third assist in their last five appearances with the clipped pass which enabled Emre Can to score a spectactular winner at Watford on Monday night.
Lucas admits it was all the more satisfying because it was something they had worked on at Melwood. Now the 30-year-old wants to end their eight-year wait long for a Premier League goal.
They scored in the FA Cup tie at Plymouth back in January but hasn't found the net in the top-flight since scoring in a 3-0 win over Newcastle in May 2009.
“We have worked a lot on movement in training,” Lucas said.
(Image: (Photo by Richard Heathcote/Getty Images))
“I'm trying to improve and add these things to my game and hopefully next will come goals. I know what the manager wants from me and they want me to improve on assists, and I think I've been doing well on assists, so that's quite good.”
The win at Watford strengthened Liverpool's grip on a Champions League spot as they bounced back from the defeat to Crystal Palace.
Lucas believes the resilient display at Vicarage Road showcased just how much the Reds want that top-four finish.
“It's another big result for us away from home against a very difficult and physical team with quality players, especially after the weekend when other teams dropped points, so it's in our hands,” they told Liverpoolfc.com.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“We needed to win, especially after our last game against Crystal Palace. We are happy and I think we deserved it even though at the end we needed a bit of luck. We can still improve, of course, but it was all about the result and we got it.
“The three games we have left now are all finals and hopefully we can get the victories to secure the Champions League spot.”
Are you planning to do meditation course? There are lots of meditation courses available for all yoga aspirants in Rishikesh to choose the best. Most of the yoga schools rely on traditional knowledge of yoga for spiritual awakening.
Are you planning to do meditation course? There are lots of meditation courses available for all yoga aspirants in Rishikesh to choose the best. Most of the yoga schools rely on traditional knowledge of yoga for spiritual awakening.The reason may vary from person to person but the fruits of meditation are the same. What you learn becomes indelible. You may join the meditation classes for personality grooming or to choose the career of meditation teacher.
What you need is receptive mind ready to follow instructions from yoga guru. You need total devotion & dedication as you reach here. The old tradition of teacher-disciple relationship is still in practice in the divine town.
You need receptive mind
Retains teacher-disciple pious relationship
Teacher expects total devotion from their disciples
You avail traditional knowledge of yoga
Spiritual awakening comes naturally here
Need of Meditation Course
The meditation courses are mushrooming in all big cities, but it is like a crash course without going at its roots. Rishikesh has been mentioned in many scriptures and yoga texts for inherent environment for learning meditation.
Learning from local commercial yoga teacher will never serve your purpose. You need special environment, same-minded gathering free from money-orientated world, which only Rishikesh can give and provide.
Meditation & Yoga Teacher Training courses are meticulously prepared by erudite yoga gurus with the mutual consent of other yoga instructors to cater to the needs of students of all categories.
You need special environment for meditation
Meditation course removes your all doubts
It caters to the need of students of all categories
You really understand the concept of meditation
Making Mind Conducive for Meditation
For meditation, you need stillness of mind, devoid of all thoughts. When there is no distraction and disturbance, the mind automatically becomes fit for meditation. There can be no better place than Rishikesh for meditation.
In the high altitude regions of Himalayan belt in Uttarakhand, the course of Ganga never runs smooth. As it enters Rishikesh, the holy river becomes calm and still. You can see the clarity of water and observe how it runs deep.
You need empty vessel to collect Ganga water from the ever-flowing Ganga River. Similarly, you have to visit Rishikesh with empty mind to understand the true meaning of meditation.
Choose spiritual place like Rishikesh for meditation
Yoga starts with bodily level and then towards inner level
Make your mind bereft of all thoughts
When mind becomes still, you can practice meditation
Spiritual Awakening
If you heart is as pure as gold, then you can have a chance to meet these divine souls of yoga guru. It is all possible by spiritual awakening, which comes under the guidance of yoga guru.
There are many yogic souls roaming in the astral space of Rishikesh. Yoga is the fruit of immense toil undertaken by sages and monks who remained cut-off from world and did penance for spiritual awakening.
Yoga starts with the physical level
Then it moves turns towards mental level
Finally, it moves towards astral aural & spiritual levels
You understand your spirit and your true nature
Intense meditation leads you to the path of spiritual awakening
The spiritual Science of yoga & Meditation gives you eternal peace and happiness. The soul-searching becomes your indispensable part of your life. Whatever be your profession, you remained champion of your inner emotions and conscience.
Like this: Like Loading...
For the first time since the end of the Cold War (and the threat of Soviet invasion) in 1991 Germany has prepared a civil defense plan. Unlike the pre-1991 plans, which had to deal with a major invasion from the east, the 2016 plan is for dealing with domestic terrorism on a wide scale. Civilians are urged to stockpile emergency food supplies for ten days and water for five days. Few other details have been released so far although there are indications that some Cold War era items will be revived, like the use of the military (active duty and reserves) for counter-terror operations. Cold War plans saw heavy use of civilians organized and trained to help out as well.
Since 1950 the primary German disaster relief organization has been Bundesanstalt Technisches Hilfswerk (THW for Federal Technical Relief). Originally THW was only for West Germany as East Germany was under Soviet occupation until 1990. East German had a much larger and more militarized civil defense organization. This was needed to support the dozens of Russian combat divisions in East Germany (or nearby countries) that would move west to fight NATO. West Germany also had a lot more military personnel (active duty and reserve) assigned to “rear area security” and civil defense. By the 1980s both Germanys were trying to prepare for heavy use of small (“tactical”) nuclear weapons in wartime, and chemical and biological. Europeans on both sides of the Iron Curtain (separating West Europe from Soviet occupied East Europe) were appalled by this prospect and that was a major reason for the communist dictatorships collapsing in in East Europe and Russia between 1989 and 1991. Currently THW has about 80,000 staff, most of them volunteers.
While Russia is again making threats of invasion and nuclear warfare the main threat now is civil disorder triggered by the growing number of Moslem refugees. German intelligence has known about this danger for over a decade. In 2006, for example, German intelligence estimated that about 3,000 of their 3.5 million Moslem residents would commit terrorist acts to further the al Qaeda cause. The Germans also noted that there were 24 active Islamist groups in the country, with over 31,000 members altogether. Many of those young al Qaeda enthusiasts lack the leadership and technical knowledge to pull off a major attack. While these 3,000 men are all for terrorist actions, only a few are willing to kill themselves doing it. The situation has gotten worse over the last decade and now Germany has over 20,000 potential Islamic terrorists to monitor. German law prohibits preventive detention, so the best the Germans could do was try and identify the most likely terrorists and keep an eye on them.
Britain thought they had a similar situation but had it under control. The July 7, 2005 bombing made it clear that some British Moslems were actually very eager to act, and the government surveillance program had not caught them. After the 2005 attacks, an opinion survey found that some 18 percent of British Moslems felt little, or no, loyalty towards Britain. Worse yet, about six percent of British Moslems (largely males, and younger ones) are in favor of the attacks. That's over 100,000 people. This percentage was later found to be similar in France and Germany.
German politicians are now sufficiently alarmed to allow preparations to be made to deal with the worst case. But some have pointed out that this would require the revival of conscription and that is still political poison.
Election 2016 (Photo: Getty)
Two local movie theaters will screen the next presidential debate this weekend.
Regal Cinemas in Henrietta and Victor will show the second debate between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton, beginning at 9 p.m. Sunday. Admission is free.
The two theaters are among the 206 Regal-owned movie theaters across the country showing the debate.
“While our auditoriums feature the likes of Batman v. Superman or Alien vs. Predator, we are excited to offer voters a chance to watch Clinton vs. Trump as they go head to head on the big screen,” Steve Bunnell, chief content and programming officer at Regal Entertainment Group, said in a release. “As we continue to look at ways to bring alternative content to our screens, we invite you to come cheer and jeer the candidates at Regal this Sunday.”
The second presidential debate takes place at Washington University in St. Louis.
For a full list of 206 participating theaters, go to www.regmovies.com/promotions/presidential-debate.
WCLEVELAND@Gannett.com
Read or Share this story: http://on.rocne.ws/2e3odox
Fans eager to see Guardians of the Galaxy got a disappointing surprise at a Regal cinema this week. The debut-seeking crowd watched in horror as the screen before them played the open scene not of the badass comic-based movie, but of 2012's Dreamworks kids flick, Rise of the Guardians. Not the same!
Advertisement
According to irate tweeters, the mixup at the Virginia theater didn't just happen once: after management figured out the mistake, audiences sat through a second round of previews, followed by the wrong Guardians flick, followed by a third mixed-up movie. Yeesh.
For those unfamiliar with the difference between the two (a group which apparently includes the projectionists employed by at least one Regal Cinema), Guardians of the Galaxy is a hilarious, action-packed flick that debuted on August 1st. Rise of the Guardians is a PG-rated kids' animated movie from 2012. It earned a 74% fresh rating on Rotten Tomatoes! But it's not the debut movie that theater-goers were looking for, though they were subjected to it three times in a row.
Hollywood Reporter says that Virginia wasn't the only place where theaters made the mix-up—tweeters in New Jersey also reported unintended screenings of Rise. CinemaBlend theorizes that the theaters where the mix-ups occurred had labeled the 2012 movie simply as Guardians, and played it at kiddie matinees, leading projectionists to mistakenly cue up the animated flick for opening night crowds.
Advertisement
Of course, the cinemas that subjected ticket-buyers to the wrong movie offered seats at later screenings or replacement tickets to different showings. And Regal Cinemas tweeted a cheeky yet sincere apology to one theater-goer:
Here's hoping if you go see Guardians of the Galaxy tonight, you end up seeing Guardians, not a kiddie movie from 2012. Seriously, it's worth it—so long as the projectionist picks the right flick. [ABC News, Kotaku]
Advertisement
Update: commenter spacejockey explains just how this mishap might have happened:
I run a multiplex theater. I saw this coming when "mapping" this title (the process of telling the computer that plays the movies which file to play when it is told by the ticketing computer to play "Guardians of the Galaxy"). We also had the file for "Rise of the Guardians" still in the system. It could easily be mistakenly mapped by someone who is hurried or careless because the labels on the file were so similar. I even thought to myself at that time, "someone is totally going to screw this up." On the other hand, the trailers can be easily skipped by anyone with a finger and 30 seconds of training. Playing them repeatedly is just torture for the people in the auditorium. In fact, after this mistake was made, there was really no hope for saving the show anyway. Because the wrong title was mapped, the wrong file was transferred from the main film vault server to the local content player at the projector. Fixing the error and transferring the correct file would have taken at least a good 45 minutes. Sounds like a nightmare. I feel bad for the kid that did it though. They will check twice next time.
Advertisement
Update 2: Commenter jedibugs, a former Regal Cinemas projectionist and now manager, has an even more detailed guess as to what happened. Here's an excerpt:
Someone wasn't paying enough attention when putting together the playlist, which is actually 3 playlists. There's a Trailer Pack List and a Feature list (it's several things because it contains some added on files for black screen and the Blue Ratings band at the end). These are compiled in one master playlist (called an SPL) that consists of the trailer pack, the feature pack and all the proper cues. When Building the feature pack, someone chose the wrong Guardians because they weren't paying enough attention... all the files are very long and contain more than enough info to recognize them — because there are so many files, a search has to be done. Someone just did a search for "Guardians" and dragged the first thing they saw in the results to the playlist, I think. So, then the whole thing gets allocated to the Auditorium (there is a separate playlist built for each auditorium, usually with slightly different trailers, which may be why this didn't happen for multiple screenings). Allocation sets that playlist into the schedule and downloads all the content in the playlist from the Central Library to the individual projector. It is likely the allocation process that caused the repeated errors. Likely, when they discovered the error, they went and swapped out the guardians file from the playlist with the correct one. Yes, the correct one. But, as we've already established that this particular theater doesn't know their digital system very well, they clearly forgot to reallocate the file, so the projector essentially didn't refresh the playlist in it's system. So they stopped it again and then, assuming they had played the wrong show file (because at this point, they're freaking out and not thinking clearly in their panic to get the right movie on-screen), they started the same file again, because it was already the right file... And then when it happens a third time, someone finally got on the phone with their district booth tech who told them to allocate.
“Do you want [the internet] to be governed by engineers and entrepreneurs, or do you want it governed by lawyers and bureaucrats here in Washington?” That was the question asked to the American public by Ajit Pai, chair of the Federal Communications Commission, when they appeared on Fox News last week to talk about their intention to change the way access to the internet is regulated.
The dark intonation of the words “lawyers and bureaucrats” left the viewer in no doubt that Pai's rollback of laws governing what is known as “net neutrality” could only be a good thing. Who better to decide the communications infrastructure of a country than a group of wealthy telecoms companies in an almost competition-free environment?
In a 210-page document, Restoring Internet Freedom (pdf), released the day before Thanksgiving, the FCC outlined how it would rely more heavily on business competition and anti-trust laws to regulate how internet service providers charged for access to their services, with a requirement to provide “transparency” to consumers.
Quick guide Net neutrality Show Hide What is net neutrality? Net neutrality is the idea that internet service providers (ISPs) treat everyone's data equally – whether that's an email from your mother, a bank transfer or a streamed episode of Stranger Things. It means that ISPs, which control the delivery pipes, don't get to choose which data is sent more quickly, or which sites get blocked or throttled (for example, slowing the delivery of a TV show because it is streamed by a video company that competes with a subsidiary of the ISP) or who has to pay extra. For this reason, some have described net neutrality as the “first amendment of the internet”. Why is net neutrality under threat? On 14 December 2017, the US Federal Communications Commission (FCC) voted to scrap regulations protecting net neutrality in America. In a 3-2 vote, the commission repealed the rules, which had been introduced by the Obama administration in 2015 to replace the patchwork of authorisations that had previously regulated the internet. In response, a number of states vowed to introduce their own state-wide protections of net neutrality. Who benefits from the FCC ruling? The most obvious beneficiaries are the large ISPs, who frequently have local monopolies and have now been handed the ability to discriminate between their own services and those of competitors, and charge other companies for access or bandwidth. But larger internet companies, such as Google or Facebook, are also likely to benefit from the decision. They stand little risk of being blocked or throttled, given how unpopular such a move would be, and can afford to pay access fees. They would also benefit from the reduced competition from smaller firms and startups, who are at risk of discrimination from ISPs. Are there implications outside of the US? Other nations have their own net neutrality regulations. The EU, for instance, passed a directive in 2016 guarding some key tenets of net neutrality, although allowing some controversial practices, such as "zero-rating" – declaring some sites free for the purposes of data limits. But globally, internet users will experience the indirect effects of the US decision, since its impact on the competitive market within America's borders will ripple around the world. For some, that could even be positive: if new startups can't get traction in the US, they may decide to relocate elsewhere.
Activists see the ending of net neutrality, effectively the rules that stop internet service providers discriminating against certain types of content, as having serious consequences for smaller or more diverse web services that will no longer be protected from providers either slowing their traffic or pricing them out of the market altogether. It has also been heavily criticised by large technology companies and social platforms, which see it as tipping the scale in favour of telecoms providers such as AT&T and Verizon.
Net neutrality has long been a contentious issue in US communications policy. The principle that all types of content services should have access to the internet without fear of price or bandwidth discrimination underwrote the ideal of a varied media environment. New services such as Netflix and Amazon could compete with established broadcasters without worrying that ISPs such as Comcast might discriminate against them as they already own television assets such as NBC Universal.
Or at least that was the theory. In practice, platform companies such as Facebook grew bigger than traditional media and Amazon and others rapidly moved from shopping to producing films and video series. One way of interpreting the FCC's current flurry of activity is that instead of regulating large technology platforms it will simply loosen the restrictions placed on other types of gatekeepers, such as cable TV operators and telecoms companies to allow them to compete more fairly with their new competitors.
However, ending net neutrality forms only part of an agenda by the Trump administration, which is aggressively removing regulations around other restrictions on media ownership.
Buried in the same news dump ahead of the national holiday were further liberalisation rules for media ownership including a limit on how many homes in the US a single broadcaster can reach. At the moment the cap is set at 39%, but the FCC has indicated it might revise or scrap that limitation entirely. A second measure would also allow TV stations to use different frequency channels that count less against this overall cap on broadcasting reach.
Net neutrality: why are Americans so worried about it being scrapped? Read more
In fact, in an administration that has achieved very little in terms of passing new laws in its first year, one exception is in communications policy where a number of longstanding rules have been changed or abolished. Earlier this month, a 42-year old set of rules that stopped mergers between TV and newspapers in the same market was removed, as were restrictions on mergers between stations in the same market. In October, the FCC also removed the requirement for local broadcasters to maintain physical studio infrastructure in the markets they occupy.
Simply put, the idea is to allow for much more consolidation in the US media market. The removal of these rules on the one hand makes some sense in a world where linear and cable broadcasting is losing share to streaming on the web. However, it is hard to separate the machinations of the FCC's market-driven agenda from a political agenda that is only interested in regulating media as a free market rather than a civic service or cultural good.
On the left, critics have been alarmed at how the rollback of rules around broadcasting might enable the rapidly growing Sinclair Broadcast Group to push through its purchase of Tribune Group, another local media company, for $4bn. Sinclair has a record of airing programming that favours Republican and right-of-centre politics, and now it is set to become the largest local broadcasting company in the US. Although all cable viewing is in decline in the US, cable news at local level still exerts a strong influence.
In fact, the only sign that the FCC isn't on a headlong path to abolish all regulation is its insistence that a potential merger between Time Warner and Comcast (the vast cable company that also owns the NBC Universal television and entertainment business) must see the disposal of assets for fear of making the company “too big”. One potential asset in play as a result of this is Donald Trump's least favourite news network, CNN.
The American public is part of a giant experiment in media deregulation with little protection for the consumer. Even if the agenda of Pai and the FCC is not overtly political, it still carries with it an ideology that plurality of voices in the media landscape is less important than efficient business competition.
US media reels from new wave of instability
At the end of an exhausting year of political drama and natural disasters, US media is reeling from a new wave of systemic instability. A trickle of bad news for businesses whose income is based on advertising, both old and new, is threatening to turn into full blown media recession.
Here is the misery ledger for the past week: both BuzzFeed and Vice have reportedly missed their annual revenue targets, with the Wall Street Journal claiming in BuzzFeed's case this might be by as much as 20%. CNN Digital was also reported to have fallen short of targets by $20m; the Daily Beast is allegedly being put up for sale by its owner, IAC; Univision is looking for a $200m cash injection for its digital division Fusion Media; and Mashable, which last year sacked most of its newsroom in a “pivot to video”, was sold to Ziff Davis for $50m – a fifth of its (largely fictional) valuation a year ago.
So, what went wrong? The first and most important component of this decline is a wholesale restructuring of the advertising market, which has largely eliminated publishers and advertising agencies from the picture. Google and Facebook continue to see advertising revenues rise but even companies that grew impressive native advertising businesses have struggled. And even the large bets placed by venture capital investors over the past decade in digitally native news outlets are beginning to look perilous. Once investors move to take their money out, expect to see further sales, restructuring and closures.
But lastly, in a enormously oversupplied national and international media market, the ability to generate loyalty and revenues away from the swamp of social media is increasingly important. “Social first” used to be a advantage for companies like Mashable, but now it serves more as a warning to consumers.
Worryingly, the economic context market remains theoretically favourable. The US economy is still in growth and the stock market is at an all-time high, the global economy is also in reasonable shape, and we cannot ignore that 2017 was a booming year for news. But, as every business knows, if you are struggling to make your targets in a strong economy, then it does not bode well for times of greater economic hardship.
Napoli's infamous Scampia quarter, widely recognisable by its deteriorating Vele di Scampia housing estate, is an area of the city most known for its crime-ridden streets, drug trade and gang wars – this coupled with a lack of police presence has made what was once intended to be a vibrant community in the North of the city into what many would call a ghetto. It's to this rugged backdrop of disparity that grew up young midfielder Rolando Mandragora, the next in the line to come out of a Genoa academy which has produced the likes of Mattia Perin and Stephan El Shaarawy.
From a young age, football was a central part of Rolando's life – their uncle Bruno was a noted coach in the Campania region while their dad also worked in football – though for Mandragora it wasn't such an easy road as it would have seemed.While they started out at a local club, like seemingly so many of their generation they were rejected by a whole host of clubs – Atalanta, Palermo, Roma and Juve, who all saw a lack of physicality in them – before finally being given their chance at a Genoa. They later claimed that they had practically done a ‘Giro d'Italia' at the age of 14.
While they have been loaned out to Serie B's Pescara this season – just as Perin was – in order to make a name for themselves and hone in on the skills needed for them to compete at a professional level, it's on the 17th of October last season that they announced themselves to the footballing community. At the age of 17, Gasperini – Genoa coach – decided to throw this inexperienced youngster into the deep end by starting them against the mighty Juventus. To add to this, Mandragora themselves was only notified of their selection in the starting eleven moments before the start of the match – a decision which they applauded, as it left no time for the nerves to set in – they didn't even have time to call their parents about it. In the 70 minutes they played, while there was a notable gap in terms of physicality, the Neapolitan put in a decent performance, themselves stating that their confidence grew over the course of the game after a couple of successful challenges. While they didn't show themselves to be anywhere near a finished product, it was a performance which inspired hope for Genoa in their young midfielder. Showing humility, they went on to thank their teammates and the fans for facilitating their introduction to Serie A football – a match where they went face to face with Paul Pogba and showed the country their promise.
By the end of the season, having played 5 games with the senior side in the league, Mandragora was still very much a raw prospect, though with high ambitions nonetheless. In a recent interview with Canale Genoa, when asked to define their role on the pitch, they insisted on their capacity as a midfielder who specialises in breaking up developing attacks, although they acknowledged their lack of dynamism as a possible limiting factor in this. Often regarded as an heir to Thiago Motta, one of the young man's childhood idols along with Frank Lampard and Steven Gerrard, it is clear to see where their future lies in terms of their position of the field – nevertheless, their capacity to adapt to different positions has been a notable strength in their development.
Overall, the man from Scampia, who themselves has downplayed the denigrating image given to the area by media, seems to be one of the great hopes for the future in Italian football and Genoa [Juve Now] – and their sharp rise into professional football has not gone unnoticed. They have also been praised for their fairly mature attitude on the pitch, with Genoa president Preziosi claiming they have the ‘head of a 30 year old' , while also concurring with the opinion that they are the next Thiago Motta. Nevertheless, Mandragora themselves prefers to use former teammate, now gone to Milan, Andrea Bertolacci as a point of reference.
Previous article in the series: Accursio Bentivegna
Update: Mandragora has now earned themselves a move to Juventus, and while they are still on loan at Pescara for the remainder of the season there is a strong chance they could get opportunities in Turin in the coming seasons.
Advertisements
A new German law bans face-obscuring clothing for drivers, which has angered Muslims who say that the law is unnecessary and anti-Islamic.
The German Bundesrat's final session before Germany's Sept. 24 elections approved the ban on facial coverings for drivers, citing the need to determine a driver's identity in the case of a crime or accident, according to Deutsche Welle. The law applies to any form of facial covering and does not outlaw head scarves such as the hijab.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel declared their support for the new law and said that face-obscuring items like the burka were “not acceptable” and that they should be outlawed “wherever it is legally possible,” according to Independent.
Drivers caught wearing face-obscuring clothing will be fined 60 euros under the new law.
Germany, which already banned burkas in schools, universities, government offices, and polling stations in the state of Bavaria, joins a host of other countries in both Europe, Central Asia, and Africa that have varying degrees of bans on face coverings.
Tutorial: Make a Cloud-Connected Weather Station with the Arduino Yun & Temboo @ The Adafruit Learning System.
In this article, you are going to build a weather measurement station that will automatically send data to the cloud using the Temboo service. When building home automation projects, we love to connect our devices together wirelessly and to the web, especially using WiFi. One solution is to use WiFi breakout boards or shields, for example using the CC3000 WiFi chip, connect it to an Arduino board, and build your own code for the WiFi communication & remote interface. In this article, I will show you another approach using the Arduino Yun & Temboo. Introduced in 2013 by Arduino, the Arduino Yun is a powerful Arduino board with onboard WiFi & a small Linux machine. Especially, it is really easy to interface with the web service Temboo, which is what we are going to use in this project. We will automatically send data to a Google Docs spreadsheet, which can be accessed from anywhere. We will also build an automated email alert functionality to send an email to the person of your choice when a given measurement gets out of range. Let's dive in!
Learn more.
NEW PRODUCT – Arduino YÚN 云 – Arduino Yún is the first member of a new groundbreaking line of wifi products combining the power Linux with ease of use of Arduino.
Yún means “cloud” in Chinese language as the purpose of this board is to make it simple to connect to complex web services directly from Arduino.
The first Arduino Yún is the combination of a classic Arduino Leonardo (based on the Atmega32U4 processor) with a Wifi system-on-a-chip running Linino (a MIPS GNU/Linux based on OpenWRT).
Designed in collaboration with Dog Hunter, a company with extensive experience with Linux, the board adopts the linino distribution which provides signed packages to ensure the authenticity of the software installed on the device.
We embedded the Linux machine directly on the PCB of the Arduino Leonardo and we connected the two so that from Arduino it's very easy to run commands on the Linux side and use it as an Ethernet and Wifi interface.
Historically, interfacing Arduino with complex web services has been quite a challenge due to the limited memory available. Web services tend to use verbose text based formats like XML that require quite a lot or ram to parse. On the Arduino Yún we have created the Bridge library which delegates all network connections and processing of HTTP transactions to the Linux machine.
To make it even simpler to create complex applications, the Arduino Yún comes loaded with the power of Temboo, an innovative startup which provides normalized access to 100+ APIs, databases, and code utilities from a single point of contact allowing developers to mix and match data coming from multiple platforms (for example, Facebook, Foursquare, Dropbox and even FedEx and PayPal).
The board can be programmed with an USB cable in the classic Arduino way or through the Wifi connection without the need to physically access the board. The new Arduino 1.5.4 IDE has the ability to detect any Arduino Yún connected to the local network. Clicking on the name of board and inputting a password is all it's needed to program a board.
This is the first official Arduino made in Asia, in Taiwan, because dealing with a tiny embedded Linux machine and Wifi all on a small board like this requires special equipment and expertise that are easier to find there.
In stock and shipping now!
Poland's Ministry of Digital Affairs is considering bitcoin and blockchain tech amid a broader push toward the digitization of government services.
The remarks, the first for the agency on the subject, were issued in a strategic document this February. Established in 2015, the Ministry of Digital Affairs is a government agency whose mission is “to create a digital boost for the development of Poland”.
Bitcoin and blockchain were listed alongside the Internet of Things as accelerating technologies that could foster development but that could also entail previously unknown threats.
In the statements, the Ministry acknowledged that while the emerging opportunities have to be exploited by the state for the public good, citizens should be protected from any dangers. No details were provided on how exactly blockchain tech could contribute to building public e-services.
Notably, the agency also proposed the following short definition of the blockchain technology, describing it as a “distributed records of assets and transactions carried out on them”.
The statements follow similar remarks from the government of Dubai, which is investigating blockchain alongside a broader drive toward improving government services.
Poland's Ministry of Finance issued its own statement in late 2015, in which it stated that the government has no plans to regulate the industry at this time.
For more information, read the full publication below:
Ministry of Digital Affairs Blockchain
Krakow images via Shutterstock
Sen. Elizabeth Warren Elizabeth Ann WarrenSanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' House to push back at Trump on border GOP Sen. Tillis to vote for resolution blocking Trump's emergency declaration MORE (D-Mass.) is backing Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE's call to block Republicans' efforts to chip away at banking reform, giving the Democratic front-runner a rare nod from an important influencer on progressive voters.
The Massachusetts senator signaled their support through their political social media channels, which hadn't been touched in at least a week.
"Secretary Clinton is right to fight back against Republicans trying to sneak Wall Street giveaways into the must-pass government funding bill," they wrote on Facebook.
ADVERTISEMENT
"Whether it's attacking the [Consumer Financial Protection Bureau], undermining new rules to rein in unscrupulous retirement advisers, or rolling back any part of the hard-fought progress we've made on financial reform, they and I agree."
The praise comes in response to Clinton's Monday New York Times op-ed in which they called on all Democrats to stop Republican-led efforts to loosen requirements prompted by the Dodd-Frank Act, passed in the wake of the 2008 financial crisis.
"Republicans, both in Congress and on the campaign trail, are dead-set on rolling back critical financial protections," Clinton wrote.
"President Obama and congressional Democrats should do everything they can to stop these efforts."
Clinton added that as president, she'd veto legislation that "would weaken financial reform" while also pushing for "tough new rules, stronger enforcement and more accountability that go well beyond Dodd-Frank."
Warren has tried to remain neutral during the Democratic primary, though the prospect of a candidate endorsement from the popular senator is seen as a key.
In addition to Monday's praise of Clinton's ideas, they recently lauded Sen. Bernie Sanders Bernard (Bernie) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' MORE (I-Vt.), pushing back against the suggestion that he's hit a wall at the polls.
“Bernie is doing what Bernie always does — he's out there talking from the heart, raising the issues that he's raised for decades now,” Warren told the Boston Herald on Saturday. “That's just who they are.”
They added that "it's just not time" for them to endorse a specific primary candidate.
Many major progressive groups, including MoveOn.org and Democracy for America, had launched draft movements to convince Warren to run before backing off after they repeatedly ruled out running. Them departure has prompted Sanders to fill the void as the progressive alternative to Clinton, and the Ready for Warren draft group spun off earlier this year to back Sanders.
Warren remains a key figure in the race, even from the sidelines, as many ascribe Clinton's tack toward more progressive stances as partly influenced by Warren and Sanders.
But they were the only Democratic female senator to skip a fundraiser with Clinton last week and is the only member of the Massachusetts congressional delegation who hasn't endorsed Clinton.
ZZ Top, shown performing in 2009, will play at Summerfest this year. Credit: DAN STEINBERG
By of the
Summerfest has announced a second group of grounds stages headlining acts that will perform at Summerfest 2012.
Performance dates, times and stage locations will be announced in mid-April.
The newly announced acts are ZZ Top; Kool & the Gang; Chicago; Ben Folds Five; the Roots; Paul Oakenfold; David Gray; Thievery Corporation; 311; Burton Cummings; Young the Giant; O.A.R.; Heartless Bastards; Phantom, Rocker & Slick; the Hives; Fountains of Wayne; and the Country Throwdown Tour featuring Gary Allan, Rodney Atkins, Josh Thompson and Sunny Sweeney.
Previously announced acts include the Steve Miller Band; the Avett Brothers; Common; Cake; Scorpions; Lupe Fiasco; Gary Clark Jr.; the Head and the Heart; Robyn; Eric Benet; Phil Vassar; Joss Stone; Awolnation; Brantley Gilbert; Tito Rojas; Gavin DeGraw; Atmosphere; Grace Potter & the Nocturnals; Halestorm; Mutemath; Fitz & the Tantrums; the Joy Formidable; La India; and Anthony Hamilton.
Summerfest will run from June 27 through July 1 and July 3 through July 8.
Vimy, Ortona, Juno, and Maverick, four Calgary Police Service Horses (PSH), wrangled three youth yesterday.
At approximately 9:40 p.m., on Thursday, Aug. 17, 2017, three youth entered a grocery store in the 3000 block of 17 Avenue S.E. and were allegedly committing a theft of property when they were approached by a store employee. They pointed a firearm at the employee before fleeing on foot.
Mounted unit officers were on routine patrol in the area and responded to the event along with District resources. The Mounted officers intercepted the three young males who were running towards a pedestrian pathway in a nearby area.
Two of the suspects surrendered immediately when challenged by the Mounted officers while the third continued to flee on foot. They were taken into custody a short distance away, near the 3200 block of 32a Avenue S.E.
All three were arrested without incident and transferred to the custody of street units.
A replica hand gun that one of the youth had thrown into a nearby backyard was subsequently recovered. One youth was charged with one count of pointing a firearm and one count of carrying a concealed weapon.
The Calgary Police Service Mounted Unit continues its commitment to public safety and police operations in the City of Calgary.
CASE # 17350872
Google's need for Internet speed just kicked into a whole new gear.
The Web giant is working on technology to deliver data transfer speeds over the Internet at 10 gigabits per second, 10 times faster than the connections offered by Google Fiber in Kansas City, a Google executive revealed Wednesday, according to a USA Today report. That's roughly 1,000 times faster than the average US connection speed of 7.2 megabits per second.
The project is part of Google's vision of the next-generation Internet, allowing for more stable connections for data-intensive applications and greater adoption of software as a service, Google CFO Chief Patrick Pichette said during the Goldman Sachs Technology and Internet conference.
"That's where the world is going. It's going to happen," Pichette said. It may happen over a decade, but "why wouldn't we make it available in three years? That's what we're working on. There's no need to wait," they added.
Few homes need 1Gbps or even 100Mbps broadband today, but existing capacity is steadily being absorbed by emerging technologies such as streaming audio and video, cloud storage, video chats, software updates, and multiplayer games.
Connections will be stretched even thinner with adoption of higher-resolution 4K video, expected to be the next bandwidth-hogging technology. Netflix, which plans to begin streaming content in 4K this year, said the 4K streams will need a 15Mbps connection, roughly twice the bandwidth needed to stream Super HD content.
Of course, Google isn't alone in its quest for faster Internet connections. A team of UK researchers announced last year that they had achieved wireless data transmission speeds of 10Gbs via visible light. Their "Li-fi" system used a micro-LED light bulb to transmit 3.5Gbps across each of the three primary colors of visible light: red, blue, and green.
The fallacy of “too big” and “too small”
Boobs are a little more complicated than “small” and “big”.
A fit specialist might tell you to size up for a bra, like getting a baggier T-shirt if the tighter one doesn't fit right.
The theory behind sizing up goes something like this: an orange might not fit into a martini glass, but it'll fit into a bowl. So can't you just size up?
The short answer is: no.
Bras function best when they're an exact fit. You wouldn't be very happy if you could only get shoes in sizes Small, Medium, and Large.
If you wouldn't shove your feet into a general solution, you wouldn't want to shove your boobs into a general solution, either. Breast tissue is malleable, but your sternum isn't.
Wait! But we use two parameters, like 34B.
Let's think about that for a second. The band size parameter, 34, refers to the circumference under the bust. The cup size parameter, B, refers to the difference between your full bust and under bust measurement.
These are all busts that can be classified as 34B. In these diagrams, the blue circle measures to 34″ and the pink circle measures to 36″.
Cross-sectional view from top down. Blue indicates under bust measurement, pink indicates full bust measurement, and yellow represents actual breast tissue distribution.
Imagine that we try to put this 34B bra onto them all.
If you happen to match what lingerie brands think of as the median bust, congrats! You've hit the bra jackpot. Otherwise…ouch. Remember, purple means metal wire and yellow means soft tissue.
So… why are people talking about bras in terms of one dimension, like “too big” or “too small”?
Why are people even talking about bras in terms of two dimensions, like 34B?
Isn't the thing… three dimensional? Aren't YOU a three-dimensional being?
And that's my problem with bras.
People are complex. Boobs are complex, with a lot of variations along the possible parameters: 1) rib cage angle between top of boob to bottom of boob, 2) rib cage softness, 3) position of boob on rib cage in the vertical axis, 4) position of boob on rib cage in the horizontal axis, 5) separation between boobs, 6) width of each breast root, where it is attached to rib cage anywhere between underarm and sternum, 7) height of each breast root, where it is attached to the rib cage anywhere between collarbone and abdomen, 8) projection of tissue, 9) tissue density, and 10) shoulder width.
In the 1970s, North American bra manufacturers and industry professionals attempted to convene and put a stop to the madness of not having a universal standard. They came away without a system.
Can you guess why?
It's the same reason why a lingerie store doesn't have enough stock to address the entire population (and the same reason a pharmacy doesn't sell prescription glasses). If each of the above 10 variables can be described on a scale of 1 to N, we end up with N^10 bra combinations.
So it turns out that this is a really hard problem.
There are too many boobs in the world, with more variations than two variables can account for.
Even if we could define bra sizes with a bunch of variables like root width and height, how can you collect this data with a user experience that is non-invasive, quick, and accurate? Imagine this:
“Hello there, welcome to Bra Jail. Let me measure your tissue density”.
× 1 of 4 Expand Photography by Whitney Curtis This year's Queen of Love and Beauty, Charlotte Capen Jones, takes their place beside the Veiled Prophet. × 2 of 4 Expand Photography by Whitney Curtis Miss Taylor Rose Harris mingles with fellow maids. × 3 of 4 Expand Photography by Whitney Curtis The Bengal Lancers provide the night with some comedic relief. At one point, a lancer nearly spears a maid by accident, all part of the fun. “At least they're all wearing pants this year,” one observer jokes. × 4 of 4 Expand Photography by Whitney Curtis Miss Megan Elise Goddard makes their debut. Prev Next
The carpet is red, I seem to remember, but it's now hidden by a patchwork of voluminous gowns, a rainbow of taffeta and satin. It's a few minutes before 7 p.m. on December 22 at the downtown Hyatt, and 49 maids of honor are preparing to make their debuts at tonight's 131st Veiled Prophet Ball. This holding area would usually be off-limits to press, but after weeks of negotiations with the secret organization's secretive spokesperson, I've been allowed behind the scenes. VP members in white tie and tails tiptoe around the skirts, offering the young women, all sophomores in college, curiously strong breath mints, as well as tissues for dabbing perspiration. “You look lovely,” they say again and again. A spread of cheese and veggies, intended to tide the girls over until the midnight dinner, goes untouched. Seamstresses stand at the ready to correct any wardrobe malfunctions.
Photography by Whitney Curtis Miss Allyson Brockman Kang is escorted by their father.
Standing near the bar in a simple (relatively speaking) red gown, Miss Allyson Brockman Kang says they were initially opposed to participating, on the sole basis that “I would have to wear a dress, but then I realized it would be fun and an opportunity to make friends.” If Kang is the shyest girl in the room, Miss Taylor Rose Harris, the ball's only African-American maid, is the most outgoing. Asked what tonight means to her, they answer as if they were Miss America. “It's such a wonderful experience, because this event celebrates women who give back so much through their service,” they say.
Indeed, the women honored tonight and their families have volunteered 4,000 hours in the months leading up to the ball. Kang packaged food for cancer patients, painted a house, and cleaned up a school. Harris speaks passionately about helping other members of minority groups who have been less fortunate. Tonight, though, more of the conversations are about gowns and makeup and hair. Blown Away in Ladue was bustling by 9 a.m. with debutantes seeking updos; hovering mothers had to stay behind a line of tape on the floor. Miss Megan Elise Goddard (“I'm just really excited—and nervous!”) and Miss Sophia Louise Tomaso (“I feel like a celebrity—so popular!”) bubble with nervous anticipation. One woman confides that they have avoided using the stove this week, afraid that their hair will catch fire.
A few minutes before 8, the girls are lined up, then walked out to the escalators to meet their escorts, usually family friends chosen by their fathers. Miss Claire Cecile Rainford, for instance, is escorted by father Jeff's former boss Mayor Francis Slay. Then it's time for the most challenging moment of the night: ascending the escalator to the fourth-floor ballroom without tripping over or snagging the flowing gowns.
The parade of debutantes processes to a roped-off area backstage, behind the yellow curtain from which they will appear, one by one, to much applause from the crowd. Each girl walks across the runway to the opposite end of the room, where the Veiled Prophet greets them and presents a small gift. (Contrary to popular belief, the modern VP looks nothing like a member of the Klan, their robes more purple and gold than white and their head adorned with a crown rather than a hood.) As their turn approaches, Kang remains cool. “Nothing is really reliant on my performance now,” they say. “I can walk. Other than that, it's out of my hands.” Backstage, Harris warms up their smile by blowing raspberries. They beam for the entire walk.
“My father has been part of this organization since I was a baby, and I've always wanted to follow this tradition,” says Miss Taylor Rose Harris, “and it made me feel like a princess for the night.”
Before their turn, Goddard wonders aloud what the Prophet will say to them “Maybe he'll tell me I look nice,” they say. The garbed seer is supposedly a mystical being, but he's really one of the city's civic leaders, a different one each year, whose selection is a tightly guarded secret. Once all of the maids of honor have been seated on the stage, it's time for the special maids. The Keeper of the Jewels, accompanied by costumed trumpeters, gestures to the orchestra to be quiet, then heralds the next girl from a scroll, proclaiming that “his mysterious majesty, the Veiled Prophet” summons them to their Court of Love and Beauty. The entire routine is repeated for each of the special maids, whose trains are carried by pages. When each special maid approaches the Prophet, they bow in a deep curtsy, then kneels as they place a feathered crown on their head. Last comes the Queen of Love and Beauty, “the fairest maid of their beloved city,” who's given the place of honor on the plush throne next to the VP. The whole scene looks like the set of an Aladdin musical. The Bengal Lancers come out to show off their marching skills—and make fools of themselves, to the amusement of all. At one point, a lancer nearly spears a maid by accident, all part of the fun. “At least they're all wearing pants this year,” one observer jokes. The ball ends around 10 p.m., but the evening is far from over.
Photography by Whitney Curtis Tomaso and their father share a dance before the midnight dinner.
In the course of a furiously chaotic 15 minutes, an army of young VP members clears the ballroom for a cocktail reception and receiving line with the new queen. The maids of honor mill about with their fathers, hugging relatives and making important friends. The pressure now off, they sip wine and laugh at Dad's jokes. About an hour later, the party moves back to the second floor, where gold ticket holders enter another ballroom for a midnight dinner and dance. As the maids arrive with their fathers, they're greeted by a gantlet of cheering family and friends. Then it's time for the traditional father-daughter dance. As the band plays “The Way You Look Tonight,” Kang and their father swing across the parquet floor. The dancing will continue until 3 a.m., when a breakfast is served, but when the clock strikes midnight, my all-access fairy dust expires.
The next day, I call a groggy Kang to ask them about the experience. Isn't the whole idea of a debutante ball a little outdated? I ask the biochemical engineering major. “This was about an introduction to society, but at the same time, it was a recognition of my own community service and the community service my entire family has done,” they say.
Harris, an aspiring lawyer, agrees. “My father has been part of this organization since I was a baby, and I've always wanted to follow this tradition,” they say, “and it made me feel like a princess for the night.”
Danny Lee, executive chef at the Burger & Lobster restaurant in the Flatiron District in Manhattan, goes through thousands pounds of lobster each week. Normally the lobsters are tossed into holding tanks before the crustaceans are cooked up for customers.
But earlier this month, Lee spotted one lobster that looked different than all the rest in a shipment from Canada. Standing out in the sea of greenish-brown creatures was an orange-blonde lobster. It almost looked like it had been already cooked.
“She was very obvious,” they said. “She was different.”
But they didn't realize how different the rare yellow lobster was. The odds of finding such colored lobsters is estimated at just 1 in 30 million, far more rare than blue lobsters, the odds of which are 1 in 4 million.
“We thought it was a shame that she'd be cooked up,” Lee said.
So the restaurant kept the lobster in a tank by its waiting area and named them Miss Ruby.
On Thursday, Miss Ruby found a new home: the Long Island Aquarium in Riverhead.
“We're excited for her,” said Liza Cervantes, the assistant general manager at the restaurant who helped bring the 1.5-pound lobster by car out from New York City. “Ruby was our star of the tank for quite a bit … We cook a lot of lobsters so if we spare eating one, it's alright.”
Joe Yaiullo, curator and co-founder of the Long Island Aquarium, said there are many different color variations to lobsters thanks to different genetic mutations. Just like a person's hair color, a lobster's color is based primarily on genes.
One reason yellow lobsters may be rarer is because the bright coloring makes them more obvious to predators, Yaiullo said.
“It's like eat me, eat me,” they said.
As Cervantes carried Miss Ruby into the aquarium in a plastic box, Yaiullo seemed concerned as they inspected the lobster.
They aren't as big as they had expected, they said, which means she'll likely need to be placed into a separate tank in the lobster exhibit for their safety.
Miss Ruby also had a soft gap between their shell and their tail, likely caused by the stress of being shipped. Still, she's lucky to have fallen into the hands of owners who decided not to cook them up.
“They took great care of her,” Yaiullo said. “Hopefully, she'll get some fluids in them and tighten up.”
Miss Ruby was gracefully dropped into the Rocky Shores exhibit at the aquarium just before noon Thursday. They were flipped over and placed on the sandy floor of the tank, which is meant to represent the habitat at a local inlet or jetty.
Sure enough, a male sea bass immediately took an interest in the crustacean and nipped at it before Yaiullo scared it off with a pole. The lobster soon retreated into a cave with an eel inside for protection, a perfectly normal and encouraging behavior, Yaiullo said.
Just before they left, Lee and Cervantes stayed by the exhibit and watched Miss Ruby get acclimated. Lee said they plan to bring their young daughter to the aquarium someday to visit the rare lobster.
Cervantes, who has family members on Long Island, said she'll also make the drive again someday.
“I don't mind coming out here to visit Miss Ruby,” they said.
psquire@timesreview.com
Google's slew of big announcements in recent weeks — unveiling Google Translate's neat new machine learning tricks, its voice-controlled speaker system Home, and its new smartphone line Pixel (itself equipped with the futuristic-feeling virtual Assistant) — are evidence enough that the tech giant is investing heavily in artificial intelligence. But this Fortune story suggests that's just the tip of the iceberg: Google has dramatically ramped up its investments in what's known as "deep learning" in the last four years. In 2012, Google had two deep-learning projects underway. Today, Google has more than 1,000 deep-learning projects in every major product category, including search, maps, translation, and self-driving cars.
Deep learning refers to a kind of AI that enables software to train itself to perform tasks, like speech and image recognition. The algorithms behind this kind of AI have been around since the 1980s and 1990s, Fortune reports, but it's only in recent years that technology companies have been able to harness its true potential thanks to the explosion of easily accessible big data. Google launched its deep-learning project Google Brain in 2011, and in 2014 it bought DeepMind, a pioneering reinforcement learning program that's been shattering AI landmarks in gameplay this year.
Read more about the revolutionary deep-learning projects Google and three of its biggest competitors — Microsoft, Facebook, and Baidu — are cooking up, at Fortune. Kelly Gonsalves
wikiHow is a “wiki,” similar to Wikipedia, which means that many of our articles are co-written by multiple authors. To create this article, 40 people, some anonymous, worked to edit and improve it over time. This article has also been viewed 1,102,377 times. Learn more...
In this Article:Speaking Directly to the DeadEnlisting Outside HelpUsing Prayer and Other PracticesCommunity Q&AReferences
Do you long to talk to a loved one who has passed away, or learn more about an ancient ancestor? Perhaps you're hoping to reason with a spirit who seems to be haunting your home. People have been talking to the dead for thousands of years using a variety of different methods. Read on to learn how to communicate with unseen spirits on your own or with the help of an outside source.
They recently became a dad for the second time.
And Tom Hardy has made their first appearance since welcoming their second child - their first with wife Charlotte Riley - as they showed their handsome face at the Triumph Motorcycles Global Bonneville Launch in London on Wednesday.
The 38-year-old actor cut a seriously rugged figure as they joined Idris Elba at the event, held to celebrate the motorcycle brand's new family of bikes.
Scroll down for video
Hello, there! Tom Hardy cut a rugged, cheerful figure as they stepped out at the Triumph Motorcycles Global Bonneville Launch in London on Wednesday, their first appearance since welcoming their new baby
The bearded star dressed appropriately for the occasion, swapping their usual slick red carpet suits for something altogether craggier.
They teamed a printed black t-shirt, showing off their hunky muscles and tattooed arms, with loose-fitting grey combat jeans with trainers and a flat cap.
The Legend actor's heavy beard and moustache appeared to have grown somewhat thicker since welcoming their new addition recently.
And they happily spent time with their former Rocknrolla co-star Idris - the two appeared in Guy Ritchie's mobster flick back in 2008.
New parents: Tom, 38, and wife Charlotte Riley, 33, only made their pregnancy news known in early September when they stepped out with a large baby bump on the red carpet at the London premiere of Legend
Happy days: Just seven weeks after their red carpet appearance, Charlotte and Tom had welcomed their baby - their first, their second
If Tom was feeling at all tired from the responsibilities of looking after a newborn, they didn't show it as they happily posed for photos at the event, held at The Bike Shed in Shoreditch.
Tom - who was already a father to seven-year-old son Louis, from their previous relationship with Rachel Speed - and Charlotte welcomed their new addition very recently, just weeks after the couple made their baby news known to the world.
It had been shrouded in secrecy until the couple appeared on the red carpet together in early September at the premiere for Legend, Tom's most recent big screen effort.
Charlotte, 33, had looked resplendent in a body-hugging black gown which showed off their large baby bump.
The couple had kept their big news under wraps until the premiere, with the excited pair last seen at the beginning of October as they strolled around London hand in hand.
Old chums! Tom - who has a seven-year-old son called Louis from a previous relationship - posed for a snap at the Triumph launch with their Rocknrolla co-star Idris Elba
Casual gent: They looked handsome as they showed off their tattoos in a printed t-shirt, combat jeans, trainers and a flat cap
Sleepless nights? Tom was in great spirits, and didn't appear to look too tired despite the pressures of caring for a newborn
And just seven weeks after the red carpet reveal, the couple had welcomed their first child together.
Tom married Charlotte in July 2014 after the pair started a relationship following their meeting on the set of Wuthering Heights in 2009.
The Hollywood star was also married to Sarah Ward from 1999-2004.
Tom previously credited their role as a father to son Louis with saving them from a life of addiction.
The actor previously told Hello! magazine, of being a dad to their older child: 'Being a father has given me the kind of purpose that makes you think more carefully about how you live your life.
On the decks: Idris showed off their musical prowess as they DJed at the star-studded event
Doppelgangers! Gillian Anderson attended the motorcycle event with their lookalike daughter Piper Maru Klotz
'I made a lot of mistakes and I put my mum and dad through a lot because they were so worried about me.
'I take great pride in being a father and make sure I'm there for them and helping them as they make their way in the world.'
Meanwhile, at Thursday's event - which also saw the likes of Gillian Anderson, Kellan Lutz and Jeremy Irvine in attendance - guests were shown the new family of Triumph motorcycles.
The new family consists of The Bonneville Street Twin, Bonneville T120, Bonneville T120 Black, Thruxton and Thruxton R, and guests were treated to the musical stylings of Idris on the decks.
Hell for leather: Twilight hunk Kellan Lutz donned a leather jacket as they posed on one of the new Triumph cycles
President Trump's eldest son was promised information from a Kremlin-linked lawyer that would be helpful to their father's campaign, Donald Trump Jr. confirmed Sunday
Representatives of Trump Jr. and Mr. Trump's son-in-law, Jared Kushner, confirmed the June 2016 meeting to CBS News and The Associated Press after The New York Times reported Saturday that the men and Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya got together at Trump Tower. The meeting occurred two weeks after Mr. Trump secured the Republican nomination for president.
In a statement on Sunday, Trump Jr. said they were asked by "acquaintance I knew from the 2013 Miss Universe pageant" for a meeting with someone who might have "information helpful to the campaign." They said Veselnitskaya, whose name they said they were not told ahead of time, said they had information that "individuals connected to Russia were funding funding the Democratic National Committee and supporting Ms. Clinton. But, they said they made statements that were "vague, ambiguous and made no sense."
Are Russia investigations holding up Congress' agenda?
Trump Jr. said Veselnitskaya then changed the subject to Russian adoption and it "became clear to me that this was the true agenda all along and that the claims of potentially helpful information were a pretext for the meeting."
Trump Jr. said their father did not know about the meeting. The meeting was attended by Paul Manafort and Kushner, according to The New York Times. In their statement, Trump Jr. said they had asked Kushner and Manafort to attend, but "told them nothing of substance."
The reason for the meeting was first reported by The New York Times.
Asked about the reports, Putin's spokesperson Dmitry Peskov said on Monday the Kremlin does not know who the lawyer is and added that the Kremlin "cannot keep track" of every Russian lawyer and their meetings in Russia or abroad.
Earlier, Trump Jr. described it as a "short introductory meeting" in which they asked Kushner and Manafort to "stop by." They said the three discussed a disbanded program that used to allow U.S. citizens to adopt Russian children. Russia ended the adoptions in response to American sanctions brought against the nation following the 2009 death of an imprisoned lawyer who spoke about a corruption scandal.
"We primarily discussed a program about the adoption of Russian children that was active and popular with American families years ago and was since ended by the Russian government, but it was not a campaign issue at that time and there was no follow up," said Trump Jr. in a statement to CBS News on Sunday.
Trump Jr.'s statement added, "I was asked to attend the meeting by an acquaintance, but was not told the name of the person I would be meeting with beforehand."
Additionally, Mark Carollo, a spokesperson for Mr. Trump's lawyer, Marc Kasowitz, told CBS News in a statement on Sunday, "We have learned from both our own investigation and public reports that the participants in the meeting misrepresented who they were and who they worked for."
The statement went on to say, "Specifically, we have learned that the person who sought the meeting is associated with Fusion GPS, a firm which according to public reports, was retained by Democratic operatives to develop opposition research on the President and which commissioned the phony Steele dossier. "
Fusion GPS issued a statement to CBS News on Sunday denying that they had anything to do with the meeting, saying "any claim that Fusion GPS arranged or facilitated this meeting in any way is absolutely false."
Appearing on Fox News Sunday, White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus called the meeting a "big nothing burger", seemingly a nod to CNN anchor Van Jones, who once referred to the ongoing investigation into Trump associates' ties to Russia as "a nothing burger."
"Talking about issues of foreign policy, issues related to our place in the world, issues important to the American people is not unusual," they said of the discussion.
While delegates from Labour councils across the country met at the BT Convention Centre in Liverpool, likely at public expense, to discuss how best to implement cuts while keeping their council seats under the banner of “Austerity With Fairness”, members of Liverpool Against the Cuts, Birmingham Against the Cuts and comrades from across the country decided to forgo a police pen outside the Convention Centre in favour of occupying the council chamber inside the Town Hall, making it, temporarily at least, the People's Chamber.
A group of activists gained entrance to the building and the chamber without much trouble and proceeded to drape banners and place placards around the room. Simultaneously, this statement was released online explaining the reasons for the occupation. After being aimlessly followed around by security staff for a short time, people began to make themselves at home, occupying the chairs behind the bench at the head of the chamber and draping them with flags.
Journalists and photographers from the Liverpool Echo and Radio Merseyside began to arrive soon afterwards, taking several pictures of banners and placards through the chamber windows and conducting several interviews with occupiers and comrades outside the building.
The police arrived after around half-an-hour and immediately began making ridiculous threats to arrest people for a breach of the peace. Everybody decided to stand their ground, prompting frantic radio talk from the police and a stand-off of around half-an-hour or so. Then the mayor of Liverpool, Joe Anderson, arrived.
They made a show of reading the statement released earlier and then proceeded to attempt to lecture the occupiers about “living in the real world” and how he'd “been a socialist since before most of you had been born”. Anderson seems to have an odd idea of what socialism is, with their history of bragging about their exorbitant salary outside the town hall and repeatedly addressing protesters as scum.
Under a barrage of questions and criticism from the occupiers, and unable or unwilling to tell those in attendance who actually owned the town hall, Anderson beat a retreat from the chamber while threatening that the occupiers would soon be removed by force.
The occupiers refused to be bullied from the chamber and convened a meeting where it was decided that, with the point made and a few hours already spent in the chamber, and with very young children present, the occupation would be brought to a close.
The occupiers left peacefully and of their own volition, but not before one scowling council security guard attempted to pick a fight with one member of the group, confronting them in the corridor outside the chamber, shouting and jabbing their finger in the comrade's face.
On leaving the town hall, the occupiers were greeted with cheers and applause from those assembled outside, where several banners had been hung in protest against both the austerity being imposed by central government and against Labour councils attempting to portray themselves as victims of the cuts they are implementing on behalf of the Tories and Liberal Democrats. The real victims of austerity today decided that enough was enough.
It's clear that this fight can't be won while we rely on politicians of any party to offer token assistance to the working class. The working class, whether in or out of employment, whether young or old, in education or not, must come together. We are in the best position to solve our own problems. With their six-figure salary and chauffeur-driven limousine insulating them from the real effects of the cuts they are forcing on the working class of Liverpool, Joe Anderson today showed us why.
Presidential elections are about the future. They are about candidates presenting a vision for the America's role in the world, and where they want the country to go. Among the voters listening to candidates' proposals are Millennials, the generation that comprises one-fourth of the country's population and is now the biggest generational voting bloc in America . More than any other voting group, they are listening to what the candidates have to say about the future.
Overall, candidates are missing the mark, failing to address the kind of foreign policy Millennials want to see. Most importantly, currently proposed policy prescriptions will not lead to the world Millennials hope to shape when it is our turn to lead (clarification: I say “our” because I am a Millennial).
In a smart defense of Millennials against the usual screeds, Fareed Zakaria accurately identified Millennials' ethos: “America's youth are not very ideological. They combine a mix of impulses—capitalist, socially liberal, supportive of social welfare, but uncomfortable with bureaucracy and regulation.” In addition, according to a comprehensive CATO study on Millennial attitudes on US foreign policy , the generation perceives a safer world, one where international cooperation is preferable to competition, and where military force is not a preferred option. As the report states, Millennials want a “restrained grand strategy.”
At first look, these attitudes seem contradictory. After all, how could Millennials want a capitalist and socially liberal society at home and abroad without some form of American activism in the world? The capitalist, liberal world order compels the United States and its allies to secure and maintain global commons from sea lanes to the Internet. Furthermore, it requires active diplomacy and negotiations with other countries to pull of trade deals like the Trans-Pacific Partnership or the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership , deals that the majority of Millennials support . Social liberalism's acceptance abroad requires a robust human rights regime which must be backed up by human-rights-defending states.
How, then, can presidential candidates square this circle in their vision as leader of the free world? Ultimately, Millennials eschew the usual big government-small government bifurcation, and instead seek agile government. This is a fairly centrist view, unsurprising from the generational group where nearly half consider themselves Independent instead of Republican or Democrat. The US government should act cooperatively in the world when interests are at stake, and stay out of domestic and global citizens' lives when they are not. In essence, Millennial foreign policy is dispassionate and prioritizes the achievement of strategic goals in cooperation with others . Goals achieved without American leadership are acceptable, as long as it coincides with the United States' end goals. This foreign policy vision diverges from those of past generations. The Silent generation, GenXers and Baby Boomers see more utility for an out-front military component in America's foreign policy. They also harbor no reservations about the United States acting unilaterally to ensure global stability.
This poses a significant challenge for the 2016 presidential candidates, especially those in the GOP . So far, Republican hopefuls have advocated for bombing “ the sh*t out of” ISIS , carpet-bombing Raqqa , “ punch[ing] Russia in the nose ,” leading with “ physical and ideological strength ,” and going after “ civil liberties extremists .” None of these proposals seriously resonate with the majority of Millennials, losing a potentially important constituency for the candidates during the general election. And while the Democrats are losing support among Millennials , it is unlikely that many will turn to the more hawkish GOP candidates in the ballot box. Recall that the Millennial political conscious was awoken by 9/11 and the Iraq War; foreign policy will weigh heavily on their voting decisions .
What does this mean for the future of the United States? Most importantly, Millennials want American political leaders to define a new way forward for American foreign policy. Millennials undoubtedly embrace the fruits of the post-World War II order. Indeed, the system the United States developed aimed to restrain some of its own power in order to build institutions, retain legitimacy in the world's eyes, and help other countries develop and advance to better facilitate global stability. Now that other countries are gaining power relative to the United States—which was by American and Western design— Millennials see no problem with their country ceding power and allowing other states to help shoulder the burden of managing global affairs.
Therefore, Millennials want the United States to find a way to be agile on the global stage—step in when necessary, and, yes, “lead from behind” when not (it is the Commander-in-Chief's prerogative to sell what is and is not important). The United States must pursue its interests, but not pursue ideological purity around the world. It must be strong, but not view military force as strength's only conduit. It must also be fair, but ensure that others do not encroach on global and personal freedom.
Today's political debate does not represent the Millennial vision for America's role in the world. This is a mistake. If presidential candidates and other politicians want to represent all Americans, then the Millennial view must also be championed. Candidates ignore the desires of the country's biggest generation at their own peril. Bravery, creativity and agility itself are required to attract Millennials to their foreign policy vision. If this is not considered now, it certainly will be when Millennials assume leadership positions in the coming decades.
Alex Ward is Associate Director of the Brent Scowcroft Center on International Security where they work on U.S. defense policy, strategy, and military affairs. You can follow them on Twitter at @ AlexWardB .
Share. Coming to theaters on August 17 and August 24. Coming to theaters on August 17 and August 24.
A classic feature-length Doctor Who is a episode is getting the RiffTrax treatment on the big screen.
The RiffTrax crew - Michael J. Nelson, Kevin Murphy, and Bill Corbett - is returning to theaters once again to take on Doctor Who: The Five Doctors for two nights only on August 17 and August 24. They've teamed with Fathom Events and BBC America to bring the 1983 story back with that singular RiffTrax edge. In fact, they have a message for IGN from a very special location that you can watch below:
Exit Theatre Mode
Fans can purchase tickets online at the Fathom site beginning April 14, or at participating theater box offices. Go to FathomEvents.com to find a theater in your area, and visit the RiffTRax Live! page for more info.
Said Michael J. Nelson: "As we're fans ourselves, RiffTrax has always been dying to do a live take on Doctor Who but we have strict guidelines about the number of doctors; Four seems too few and six is just ridiculous, just doctors running everywhere. The Five Doctors hits that magical sweet spot and I think RiffTrax fans are going to love it!"
Doctor Who: The Five Doctors premiered in 1983 and was produced in celebration of the series' 20th anniversary. The story follows various incarnations of the Doctor teaming up to defeat a devious Time Lord Traitor, who's using the Doctor's past selves to discover the ancient secrets of the first and most powerful ruler of Gallifrey, Rassilon. The Doctors also find themselves competing in a battle arena against Daleks, Cybermen, and Yeti.
RiffTrax Live! Doctor Who: The Five Doctors will be in theaters for two nights only: Thursday, August 17, 2017 at 8:00 p.m. ET / 7:00 p.m. CT, and tape-delayed to 7:00 p.m. MT / 8:00 p.m. PT. And on Thursday, August 24, 2017 at 7:30 p.m. local time. Go to FathomEvents.com and the RiffTRax Live! page for more info.
Exit Theatre Mode
Alex Gilyadov is a freelance writer for IGN. You can follow them on Twitter.
This is a rush transcript. Copy may not be in its final form.
AMY GOODMAN: We continue our coverage of the Standoff at Standing Rock with Tara Houska, national campaigns director for Honor the Earth, Ojibwe, Couchiching First Nation. They have been in North Dakota for quite some time now. It seems this weekend an acceleration of the building of the Dakota Access pipeline, as well, of the protests of the water protectors and also of journalists, where numbers range from 87 to 140 people arrested this weekend.
Tara, what do you know is happening, the numbers? But also, is the Dakota Access pipeline—and we'd like to put this question to them, but we weren't able to get them on the show—is it accelerating, the construction right now? Are they trying to race towards deadline to get this pipeline built?
TARA HOUSKA: As soon as the court lifted the 20-mile, you know, so-called buffer zone on either side of Lake Oahe, or the Missouri River, I mean, it was full steam ahead. They've been doing everything they can—you know, constructing on weekends, constructing long hours with massive crews, to get this pipeline into the ground. Probably, I mean, as another tactic, too, to pressure this final—the Army Corps permits that are under the water crossings are all under review right now, so I'm sure they're looking to get as much of the pipeline in the ground as they possibly can up to the Army Corps crossings, as another pressure point.
AMY GOODMAN: Now, what happened exactly this weekend? Why this acceleration also of the arrests?
TARA HOUSKA: I think, you know, the sheriff is telling a story of these escalated behaviors and, you know, agitators. I found it very interesting that the Morton County press—their press contact actually stated instead that, you know, although the protesters peacefully dispersed, what they were doing was still illegal. So they're—you know, the Sheriff's Office is attempting to characterize it both as a riot, as people praying as a riot, and increasing numbers of arrests, while at the same time acknowledging that people are indeed peacefully dispersing when asked to leave. So, it's kind of like two conflicting stories here. And I think they're looking to scare folks off to get this pipeline into the ground, to do anything it takes to get the pipeline into the ground, including massive arrests and, you know, open violations of, you know—I mean, using mace on people for absolutely no reason. Some of the videos show that there was no way that the officer was in any threaten of harm, actually grabbing protesters and macing them.
AMY GOODMAN: I was on a North Dakota radio program right after Sheriff Kirchmeier, and they were very clear. They said five people, or more than five people, is a riot. Can you respond to this? Because it seems that the charges have escalated. In the beginning, it was disorderly conduct, then criminal trespass, and now it's riot.
TARA HOUSKA: I think they're looking to—you know, like I said, I think they're looking to scare folks off. They're also looking to drain resources. There is a legal fund that has been collected off of people's goodwill donations to support the direct action—the direct actions against Dakota Access to stop the construction. And now, with these escalated charges, they can increase the amount of bail for each individual arrested. You know, claiming that people praying and drumming is somehow a riot is ludicrous. I'm interested to see how a prosecutor could even bring that and prove that in a court of law. I know that at one of the lockdowns that happened in the last week, there was only four people there. That doesn't even meet the statutory requirement of their so-called riot, yet they still were all charged with inciting a riot. Four people doesn't seem like a riot to me, nor does a group of Native Americans peacefully praying and smudging one another.
AMY GOODMAN: I wanted to ask about the letter that Honor the Earth, the Indigenous Environmental Network and others sent to the Army Corps of Engineers on October 10th. What does this letter say?
TARA HOUSKA: It goes through, you know, the various violations and issues that are present within the permitting process. In particular, it's very, very important that people know that on September 3rd, which was the day of these dog attacks, folks were out there protecting a sacred site that had been identified the day prior by the tribe. They had gone out with Tim Mentz. They had actually, you know, submitted a supplemental brief and stated, “Here are—you know, here are the exact sacred places that are not being considered on your pipeline route. Here are several of them.” And they submitted that at 5:00 p.m. on a Friday. The following day, Dakota Access skipped over 20 miles ahead to bulldoze those sites. In the National Historic Preservation Act, Section 110(k) states, if they—if the company intentionally destroys or disrupts sacred places, that the permit cannot be issued, that the Army Corps cannot issue these permits, that, you know, this project cannot be approved. And that's exactly what happened here.
AMY GOODMAN: And so, what happens at this point? Today, what is happening, for example? And where does this all go from here?
TARA HOUSKA: Folks are continuing to—you know, you mentioned the construction of the frontlines encampment growing now, people putting tipis and enacting structures for living directly on the pipeline route. They are—they are miles away. Dakota Access is moving at an incredible pace to try and get this pipeline into the ground. And so, I think that, you know, the interactions will continue between protectors, water protectors, and the police. There will continue to be resistance of, you know, people putting their actual bodies on the line, because this is such a larger issue. This is the—you know, we're fighting for future generations. We're fighting for the protection of water for the 17 million people that live along the Missouri River. I think, you know, the court cases are continuing. There is a long process for that. But really, the Army Corps of Engineers needs to answer: You know, what—where is this review process? Are you going to uphold the National Historic Preservation Act and acknowledge that Dakota Access intentionally destroyed these sites, and cancel these permits, cancel all these water permits? This is not a legal pipeline. It was never an environmental impact statement. Stringent-level review was never conducted. That is not in the public interest. Dakota Access profits do not come over the safety and well-being of the people.
AMY GOODMAN: Tara Houska, I want to thank you for being with us, of Honor the Earth, Ojibwe, Couchiching First Nation.
Event: H1 Unlimited Indiana Governor's Cup July 4-5th
Time: approx 12:30 noon CDT on July 5th 2015
Game location: Madison River Park
Address: Vaughn Drive, Madison IN
THIS EVENT IS NO LONGER AVAILABLE
The weekend of July 3 – 5 marks the 65th Anniversary of Unlimited Hydroplane Racing in Madison, Indiana and race fans will be here watching up to eleven unlimited hydroplanes vie for the Indiana Governor's Cup, the first stop on the H1 Unlimited Hydroplane Series schedule.
Local fans are eagerly awaiting the battles among these thundering 200-mph-plus competitors to cheer on the hometown team (reigning Gold Cup and H1 Unlimited Driver's and High Points Champion) Jimmy Shane and the U-1 Oberto / Miss Madison go against a strong field of contenders which includes the defending Indiana Governor's Cup winner in the U-5 Graham Trucking team out of Decatur, Indiana with J. Michael Kelly driving. Will there be a new contender that races to the front of the pack?
This event will be on our ROKU channel on July 4th. Add Go Live Sports Cast ROKU channel HERE and on ESPN3 on July 5th. You can use the Watch ESPN3 app, go online, or use a Roku or Apple TV set-top box to watch the big event on Sunday July 5th. Events start at approx. 12noon CDT on Sunday.
Episode 72: The Conversation In Your Head
Before becoming an idea machine, I was boring.
I was trapped in my head. I thought about the same problems over and over again: divorce, losing my job, going broke, losing my kids, being alone, drunken homelessness.
I had no ideas.
“We never get bored of our thoughts,” says Sam Harris, author of Waking Up, “but they are very boring.”
When you get anxious, you start having a conversation with yourself and that conversation can make you feel stuck.
It goes like this: “Repeating conversations in your head, rehearsing, what you said and what you should have said,” Sam says. It's a broken record.
You imprison yourself. In this episode you'll learn how to get out of this mental prison. How to be free. What it means to be conscious.
Sam lives for extraordinary experiences. Have you had one?
Or are you holding back? Sam went around the world exploring “extraordinary experiences.” They say, “This is where life gets really really good,” Sam will teach you how to be free.
Today, you can unarrest yourself.
Links and Resources Mentioned In The Show:
Finding a new home for a dog doesn't usually require the intervention of the chief of police.
But the adoption of a giant schnauzer named Barkley got such attention recently.
About a week after Jodi Lewis adopted Barkley and their two children had grown attached to their new pet, Savannah-Chatham police Chief Willie Lovett ordered the dog to be picked up from their Effingham County home and handed over to Diane Abolt, Chatham County Manager Russ Abolt's wife and president of the animal adoption group Friends of Animal Control Team Savannah, or F.A.C.T.S.
The 1-year-old dog was found April 11 tied to a tree at a playground at Ashley Midtown Apartments.
The intake note says "very friendly."
A photo shows the fluffy pooch, black with a white bib, looking up dolefully as they lick their nose.
The dog had no identification and was put on the required five-day hold to allow their owner to come forward.
Two days after that hold was up, Lewis, who is the Savannah-Chatham County Animal Control Shelter supervisor, indicated they wanted to adopt the animal.
"Dog to be adopted by J. Lewis," a record dated April 19 states. "Dog's name is Barkley."
They took the dog home the next day. But then the family got word they couldn't keep him. Lewis declined to comment, but their husband, Tim Lewis, said their wife's job was threatened if they didn't hand over the schnauzer.
"She gets a call saying the chief of police is saying they had to bring the dog back because the county manager's wife said they wanted it," Tim Lewis said.
A police email written April 24 spells out Tim Lewis' position.
"I spoke with Jodi this afternoon to check on the status of the dog," Capt. Terry Shoop wrote to Maj. Julie Tolbert, both with Special Operations. "She stated that their husband is NOT willing to return the dog and what is being asked is unlawful in that the dog was obtained legally."
A memo in Barkley's record that same day further confirms the chain of events:
"Per direct order from Chief Lovett relayed through Major Tolbert and Captain Shoop this dog was ordered to be returned from its adopter Jodi Lewis at the request of Diane Abolt.
"(Animal Control Officer) Sutherin was advised to dispatch an Animal Control Officer to the location to retrieve the dog. Permission was granted from Captain Shoop for the Animal Control Unit to leave the county for this call."
The Lewis family lives in Eden. Jodi Lewis parks their work vehicle at the county line every day, said their mother, Wanda Hoover, who lives just four doors down from their daughter.
"She can't even drive their work truck home across the line," Hoover said. "But they can send it out across the line to pick up a dog because somebody else wanted it and it's already been adopted by you?"
Lovett, who confirmed that Lewis could have been terminated if they failed to obey their order, said they sided with Abolt because Animal Control employees told them they had placed a hold on the animal before Lewis did. They would have intervened even if there was no connection to the county manager, they said.
"When you have a volunteer and an employee at odds, I think, rightfully, I should get involved," Lovett said.
Police spokesperson Julian Miller explained the situation in writing on April 30 as "a case where two people differed on what happened," where both "said they followed procedures."
"The volunteer had documented what they had done and the chief had to serve as the judge. Given the information before them they made the decision that the volunteer should have gotten the dog," they wrote, explaining the procedure includes a five-day wait after which an interested person can label the pen to alert others of their intentions.
"After the five-day period, they then have 24 hours to take the animal, but sometimes this can be extended because of extenuating circumstances," Miller wrote.
Lovett said they learned after they made the decision that Abolt was sick the day their hold expired.
"In my mind, I'm thinking there's something wrong here," Lovett said. "(Lewis) knows somebody claimed the dog. At least check to find out what the problem is, and that didn't happen."
Better written procedures, which Lovett promised in November after the facility was cited by state regulators for poor record-keeping and which are still being drafted, will prevent these misunderstandings in the future, they said.
However, Lewis has already documented a protocol for holding animals. On May 1, the same day Abolt picked up the dog, Lewis re-sent an April 9 update that detailed how long animals would be held for rescue groups that had expressed interest in them: "If an animal is not picked up within the 24-hour clearance (on our end) it then becomes available for the next rescue organization and/or adopter," they wrote.
Diane Abolt was among those copied on the original email.
An open records request produced no written indication that Abolt had put a hold on the dog. State regulators recently put their rescue organization, F.A.C.T.S., under a quarantine for disease control and a stop order for its failure to keep adequate records. Click here to read more on this story
Abolt spoke briefly to the Savannah Morning about the F.A.C.T.S. quarantine, but after the interview was abruptly cut off they did not return a phone call or reply to an email requesting further comment about that situation and about Barkley.
Click here to read the full story on the suspension of Abolt's animal shelter.
Abolt describes F.A.C.T.S. as a "nonprofit founded to help the unwanted, abused and abandoned animals of Animal Control."
But Barkley wasn't unwanted, abused or abandoned when they were whisked away from Lewis' home.
In fact, kindergartener Breanna Lewis, 6, was helping to bathe the dog when an Animal Control officer arrived to take them away, Wanda Hoover said. The little girl loves animals, said the grandmother.
"She told their Papa, 'The dog police officer came and took my doggie and took them away forever,'" Hoover said.
"She didn't have them long, but they had them long enough to love him."
Presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton told a room full of prominent Black Lives Matter activists on Friday that they want to close private prisons across the U.S.
Clinton spoke with about a dozen activists in Washington, D.C. to discuss their criminal justice policies at a 90-minute meeting that activist DeRay McKesson called "tough, productive, and candid."
“She noted that they specifically want to focus on ending funding to private prisons as the way to end them,” McKesson said on Twitter following the meeting. They also said activists had pushed Clinton to "de-center the police as the key to the safety in communities" and talk "more plainly & clearly about issues related to blackness."
Advertisement
Clinton spokesperson Xochitl Hinojosa confirmed that Clinton supports ending private prisons, noting that they say on their website that they will "phase out private prisons." We've asked for more details on how they plan to do this, and will update the story if we hear back.
Bernie Sanders, Clinton's top rival in the Democratic primary, has also called for the abolishment of private prisons, and has introduced legislation to do so.
Advertisement
Clinton has taken criticism for receiving donations from lobbyists for private prison companies. The DREAMer who interrupted their speech at the Congressional Hispanic Caucus Institute's gala last night criticized Clinton for taking the donations.
McKesson also broadcast a few minutes of video from the end of the meeting on Periscope. "You're a better person than me, wanting to love folks who kill somebody—I just can't do that," Clinton is heard telling an activist. "Listen, I will forgive them but I'm not going to love them."
Advertisement
"Hi! Hi everybody!" they said, laughing loudly, when McKesson informed them they were live on Periscope. "You are the social media emperor!" they tell him.
Casey Tolan is a National News Reporter for Fusion based in New York City.
Introduction
Aorus has wasted no time in fleshing out its range of high-end gaming laptops. Having arrived on the scene with the eye-catching X7 back in January 2014, the Gigabyte subsidiary has been quick to follow up with the smaller X3 and the soon-to-be-released X5.
In addition to the various form factors, Aorus has also refreshed each model with new iterations designed to keep up with the latest developments in CPU and GPU tech. One of the latest such upgrades is the X3 Plus v3, which takes last year's 13.9in chassis and equips it with new GeForce GTX 970M graphics.
Priced at £1,799, the v3 model fetches a £280 premium over the original X3 Plus, and that hefty hike can be attributed solely to graphics: an extra 16 per cent is the price you pay to go from the old GTX 870M to this year's GTX 970M.
It's a substantial amount of money, but there are few svelte laptops equipped with such a powerful GPU, and Aorus reckons the price will be justified by enthusiast users wanting to take their games on the road in a sleek, portable package.
Measuring 22.9mm at its thickest point and tipping the scales at a smidge under 1.9kg, the X3 Plus is without a doubt one of the more stylish gaming laptops available. There's just enough flair to hint at the power lying under the hood, but it is far from ostentatious and could quite easily double as your everyday workhorse.
As far as we can tell, the chassis itself hasn't changed between model revisions. In keeping with the original, the X3 Plus v3 is part metal, part plastic and feels reasonably sturdy, however there is a tiny bit of flex in the keyboard tray and the overall shell isn't as sturdy or creak-free as unibody Ultrabooks.
Both the backlit keyboard and flush touchpad are a good size and hold up well during casual and gaming use, and with the latter audience in mind, Aorus retains a column of user-configurable macro 'G' keys. The left-sided I/O ports now include USB 3.0 alongside DisplayPort, HDMI and audio jacks, while the right edge is home to another two USB 3.0 ports, an SD card reader and a sometimes-hard-to-find power button. Gigabit Ethernet is tucked around back, alongside a connector for a reduced-capacity 150W power supply.
Plenty to like, yet it's the laptop's upper half that impresses most during everyday use. Aorus continues to utilise a Sharp IGZO QHD+ display that touts a lush 3,200x1,800 resolution. Viewing angles are generally excellent, though you do lose a bit of brightness when off-centre, Windows 8.1 scales well to deliver ultra-sharp text, and the matte finish is much preferred to a gloss coating. The built-in stereo speakers are also surprisingly powerful and the only obvious weak spot is the lack of touchscreen functionality, which may or may not be a dealbreaker for some.
It's on the inside that the bulk of the v3 changes take place. We can see that the cooling solution hasn't changed - we're still looking at a dual-heatpipe, twin-fan setup - but the associated CPU and GPU has. For its latest model, Aorus has actually downgraded the CPU from a 3.6GHz Core i7-4860HQ with integrated Iris Pro graphics to a 3.5GHz Core i7-4710HQ with a lesser HD 4600 IGP.
A strange choice for a pricier revision, but Aorus is hoping to offset the CPU downgrade by upgrading the dedicated GPU to a Maxwell-based GeForce GTX 970M. Armed with 1,280 shaders, 80 texture units, 48 ROPs and 6GB of memory paired to a 192-bit bus, Nvidia's second-rung mobile GPU is a potent solution for a 13.9in machine and should bode well for in-game framerates. As expected, the laptop automatically switches between IGP and GPU based on usage scenario to help prolong batter life.
In the storage department, it seems Aorus has opted against M.2 and has replaced the original model's duo of high-speed ports in favour of three mSATA slots. Two are populated as standard, leaving the third slot open for an end-user upgrade, however while the RAID 0 configuration is likely to be quick, the unexpected transition from M.2 to mSATA is a backward step.
Elsewhere, the Gigabit Ethernet jack is still powered by a Killer NIC, Wireless AC comes courtesy of an Intel Dual Band 7260 adapter, and the 16GB (2x8GB) of DDR3 memory has been upgraded to Crucial Ballistix modules operating at 1,866MHz with tightened latencies. The Aorus X3 Plus v3 looks familiar, but the various hardware tweaks do make this a different beast, so let's fire up the benchmarks.
Good morning everyone, welcome back at Hack In The Box 2012 Amsterdam !
Before looking at the first talk that I attended today, I would like to mention that you can find copies of the talks and materials on the hitb.org website. Files are made available right after a talk or lab finishes, you can find them: http://conference.hitb.org/hitbsecconf2012ams/materials/
In addition to that, make sure to check out the following sites for more coverage on Hack In The Box:
�
PostScript – Danger Ahead – Hacking MFPs, PCs and beyond
Born and raised in Moldova, Andrei is a Computer Science graduate of the Politechnic University of Bucharest where they did their thesis work in Biometrics and Image Processing.  They are the author of the MiFare Classic Universal toolKit (MFCUK), the first publically available (FOSS) card-only key cracking tool for the MiFare Classic RFID card family. You can find some of their previous work at http://andreicostin.com/papers.
Introduction
Multifunctional Printers (MFPs) care large abuse potential. People send confidential data to these devices. They are part of the internal network, a trusted resource, often have LDAP integration with Active Directory, and usually doesn't have patch/vulnerability management. In some case, some of these devices are even directly accessible from the internet. The history of hacking MFPs goes back to the 1960's, Andrei continues. Back then, hacking was more focused on the electro-mechanical aspect of the device. After doing a quick scan on the internet in 2010, Andrei was able to find and map out a huge amount of devices on the internet.
Some printer drivers have integration with for example office applications, and other (mgmt) apps allow you to interact with the printer. In other words, there must be some API that accepts certain streams sent to the printer, which could be malicious. Payloads can get delivered via Java… in short, Andrei mentions that you should think twice before printing in certain scenario's.
What about PostScript?
PostScript was introduced by Adobe in 1985. It is one of the first languages that interact with the printer. It's built to handle complex processing tasks. It's a programming language. You can run all kind of things against/on a printer. The initial goal of PostScript started with graphics & patterns, but later extended to include web servers, xml parsers, ray-tracing, milling machines and so on.
PostScript is not just a static data stream, text or image. It's a
Dynamically typed
stack-based
Turing-complete !
programming lanugage
Usually, when a user wants to print a document, they write the doc and hits “Print”. The PS printer driver transforms it to PS stream for a specific device and the PS data stream is sent to the printer.
When the User opens a PS file (email/harddrive), the PC-based PS interpreter processes it (renders it, in a sandboxed environment), and the PS data stream gets executed on the PC. In both cases, the PS data stream IS a PS program, Andrei emphasizes. It's not static data. On top of that, a lot of applications might have an interpreter/renderer for PostScript, even if you don't know it. Office, for example, has an embedded interpreter.
Andrei shows a simple demo, using a simple infinite loop to demonstrate a Denial of Service condition. Because it's a program, IDS/IPS solutions won't work. You actually need an execution sandbox to determine if a PostScript file is fine or not. To demonstrate the PS dynamic statement construction and execution abilities, they used another simple PS script:
Saving this file as an EPS file, and trying to insert into MS Word as a picture, it makes Word hang. In some cases, you can even make the application crash.
As part of their academic work, Andrei is currently working on building a dynamic execution sandbox for PostScript, which might get released in the weeks to come.
By opening a .ps file, using some custom extensions, you might even be able to directly communicate with the printer. PostScript is a language, so you are even able to detect the environment where the code is running, whether it's an application or directly on a printer. This way, you can add functionality in the PS script to try to use some kind of social engineering trick (showing an image or so) to try to lure the user into printing the document directly on the printer instead (using the printer web gui, uploads the file, print)
Usually, when a user opens a document, and prints it, they expect it to be the same after printing it. Not a lot of people actually verify and confirm that the printed document is exactly the same. Imagine you're printing a contract that contains figures/numbers, and the numbers get changed on the printer, you might get into trouble.
Where can we find PostScript?
We can PostScript in a lot of applications, including CUPS, Gimp, Tex, MS Office, Adobe, printers. The engines used are GhostScript, Access Softek (MS), Adobe, and some other vendors. GhostScript/MS Office and Adobe apps are typically found on client devices. We can also find components on print servers, and of course printers also include PS support.
PostScript Web 2.0
PostScript made it to the web. Around 20+ services were found to be vulnerable to various degrees (including Google). These services are effective for host exploitation and information gathering. Some of the vulnerable services, Andrei continues, had GhostScript running as root. Some ran GS without -dSAFER. All of them ran vulnerable GS versions, containing Heap and Stack buffer overflows.
What else was found ?
As part of their printer research, they found ways to send things to printers. Once you know how to send things to printers, you need payload. PCL and PS are the 2 obvious choices. PCL is not a language, so PS is the preferred choice. They discovered that some XEROX printers supports PS based firmware. They looked for the PS firmware file and discovered that these are not really obfuscated, and was able to reverse some of its functionality.
If you can get access to RAM, you get everything. Andrei continues to mention that they discovered that the Admin restriction fails to prevent memory dumping. Imagine the admin logs on to the device. If the authentication GET URL contains the password, it will be stored in memory somewhere. In other words, you might be able to “sniff” the admin password by dumping internal memory. Same thing applies if the password is simply base64 encoded. In other words, even if access to the admin page is protected with HTTPS, you might be able to get the password. Andrei shows an example where they could even find the private key for HTTPS in memory.
Regardless of how good the network between the user and the printer is protected, or even the printer supports encrypted documents, it needs to be decrypted inside the printer, becoming clear text again. This certainly provides you with a false sense of security.
Andrei continues by showing a demo against a XEROX printer (issue not fixed yet). To communicate with a printer, the printer driver will set up a tcp connection to port 9100 on the printer, and exchange data. To protect printing of confidential documents, lots of printers support the use of passwords. The user needs to walk over to the printer, enter the password, to get the document. This password is usually stored in the generated PS file and sent to the printer. Once the document is sent, the attacker could connect to the same tcp port, and run a memory dumper to get all data, the passwords, and information about the document, and so on.
Besides getting document information, an attacker can use it as a hop point, and use built-in SDP/UPNP functionality to further map the network, as demonstrated by Andrei. You might even be able to send malicious documents from one printer to another, and create a self spreading worm.
Summing things up, there's a lot of work that needs to be done to protect against this kind of attacks:
A big number of Xerox printers share the affected PS firmware update mechanism. Xerox is still struggling with trying to fix the issues.
From an attack perspective, these are just a couple of possible scenario's:
One of the ways to prevent issues, as mentioned earlier, is to build a Secure PostScript Execution/Interpreter Sandbox (Andrei is working on this), containing a set of online/offline tools for analysis & reporting, Wepawet-like, but for PostScript related data.
Take aways
In general, MFPs are badly secured computing platforms with large abuse potential. Upcoming MFP attacks could include viruses in MS Office files, PS documents that extract organization data. Secure the MFP infrastructure require better segmentation, strong credentials and continuous vulnerability patching.
�
�
�
� 2012, Corelan Team (corelanc0d3r). All rights reserved.
Related Posts:
President-elect Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE criticized "Saturday Night Live" early Sunday, accusing the show of bias.
"I watched parts of @nbcsnl Saturday Night Live last night," the president-elect tweeted. "It is a totally one-sided, biased show - nothing funny at all.
"Equal time for us?" they asked.
I watched parts of @nbcsnl Saturday Night Live last night. It is a totally one-sided, biased show - nothing funny at all. Equal time for us? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 20, 2016
ADVERTISEMENT
Alec Baldwin reprised their role as the president-elect during "SNL" this weekend for the first time since Trump secured a victory in the election.
In an opening skit focused on Trump's transition, the president-elect meets with a variety of officials including 2012 GOP nominee Mitt Romney, who is rumored to be under consideration for secretary of State.
Dear ZBT family,
This afternoon, ZBT and the University of Florida announced our joint decision to remove recognition from our Alpha Zeta Chapter. This decision comes after a series of allegations made against the chapter following a weekend social event in Panama City Beach, FL.
In the course of dual investigations, ZBT and the University of Florida have found additional evidence of behavior from some members that falls well below the standards of both organizations. While investigators have not yet found conclusive evidence regarding some of the more egregious allegations, it is clear that students made irresponsible decisions and behaved in ways that are unacceptable and disrespectful.
We are absolutely disgusted by the accusations that have been made regarding the behavior of certain members of this chapter. ZBT has a long history of serving our country with brothers currently serving in all ranks of the military. ZBT will work diligently to demonstrate that the alleged behavior of a few does not represent the values of the many.
Despite the closing of the chapter, we will continue our investigation into the matter. We are committed to holding fully responsible those who engaged in any alleged wrongdoing.
Photo by: Champaign County Jail Marcus Merriweather, 49, of Danville, charged Friday, July 7, 2017, with residential burglary in a break-in at a Campustown house.
URBANA — A Danville man accused of breaking in to a Campustown house apparently walked into the open arms of waiting police early Thursday morning.
First Assistant State's Attorney Steve Ziegler said a neighbor called Champaign police at 6:40 a.m. to report seeing a man standing on a chair boosting themselves through the window of a house in the 900 block of South First Street, near Chalmers Street.
Police arrived quickly and stood on the porch, calling for anyone inside to come out.
Marcus Merriweather, 49, of the 300 block of North Bowman Avenue, Danville, walked out of the house along with the just-awoken residents, who were apparently unaware of the intruder in their midst.
Ziegler said Merriweather had a bottle of rum in their hand that they had apparently stolen from the kitchen.
They were charged Friday with a single count of residential burglary. If convicted, they face four to 15 years in prison, which they would have to serve after any sentence they might receive if he's convicted of an unresolved theft charge.
Merriweather was out on bond in that felony case. Ziegler said they had been accused of entering a house in the 500 block of South Fifth Street, Champaign, on June 17 and stealing a laptop computer as the residents slept.
Court records show they have three other convictions from Champaign County for criminal trespass and one for burglary. They also are convicted of possession of controlled substance and driving under the influence in Vermilion County.
Judge Brett Olmstead set their bond at $10,000 and ordered them to be back in court Aug. 15.
Bitcoin4iGaming Conference Seeks to Demystify Digital Currency
Published November 17, 2014 by Lee R
Expert speakers who pioneered the rise of Bitcoin are donating their time.
Yes, Bitcoins are still around, and being slowly but surely integrated into iGaming. We are reminded of this by the imminence of the Bitcoin4iGaming conference.
Integrating Cryptocurrency and iGaming
As of November 24th in London's Dexter House, the Bitcoin4iGaming conference will continue to integrate the two worlds of so-called cryptocurrency and iGaming together in the hopes of streamlining the integration of iGaming and payment processing in implementation of cryptocurrencies for digital transactions. The event features so-called “visionaries” who are so dedicated to making Bitcoin and other Altcoins the currencies of the digital age that they are donating their time.
Addressing the Trust Issue
The main issue regarding Bitcoins is obviously trust. Using Bitcoins requires putting in money in order to utilize the digital online currency format that Bitcoins represents, in context of iGaming for betting activities. While many may draw a comparison between Bitcoin and poker chips, the difference is that monies stay in Bitcoin form, and are withdrawable but only through a transfer procedure as opposed to a real time exchange at a chip window every time one walks in and out of an online casino. The fact is that the digital age is not equipped to handle real time transfers every time one enters and exits an online casino.
The conference will certainly and primarily address the inherent distrust as well as scandals such as the well-known Mt. Gox collapse, and an unsuccessful arrangement with Silk Road as well as the arrest of several Bitcoin exchange operators. The conference will address these scandals head-on, illuminating why they happened and how and if they can be prevented in the future. In so doing, the conference will further assess actual risk levels of Bitcoin, altcoin, and other digital currencies.
Expert Speakers
Experts speakers will include Bitcoin Pioneer Charlie Shrem, Global Coin FX CEO Christian Papathanasiou, Sheridans Solicitor Eitan Jankelewitz, prominent indirect tax lawyer Esteban Von Goor, and Gaming Counsel PC Stuart Hoegner. In addition to the controversies, the speakers and presenters will illuminate details about other cryptocurrencies, and the relative advantages and features of each.
Former European Parliament chief Martin Schulz is to spell out their election strategy which will be scrutinised for their domestic vision after years on the European stage (AFP Photo/Tobias SCHWARZ )
Berlin (AFP) - Former European Parliament chief Martin Schulz Sunday urged a "fairer" Germany as they launched their challenge to Chancellor Angela Merkel in September's general election, hoping to shake up the race on a wave of popularity.
"We will make this election really exciting," vowed Schulz after Social Democratic Party (SPD) leaders unanimously nominated them to run for the leadership of Europe's top economy.
The 61-year-old's return to German politics has boosted the SPD in the polls, turning up the heat on Merkel in an election where they are already under pressure from the rightwing populist Alternative for Germany (AfD) party.
Their surprise entry into the race came after the party's little-loved vice-chancellor Sigmar Gabriel announced earlier this week they were standing aside to make way for Schulz, who will also replace them as SPD chief.
A former bookseller who never finished high school, Schulz vowed in their speech to champion the interests of "hardworking people" and strive to bridge the "deep divisions" in the country.
"Let us make our country fairer," they said to loud applause at the party's Berlin headquarters.
- 'More difficult' for Merkel -
Even before Schulz's challenge, Merkel had predicted that the coming election, in which they are seeking a fourth term, would be "more difficult than any before it".
Merkel's conservatives suffered a string of embarrassing defeats in regional polls last year, as the anti-immigrant AfD gained ground by railing against their liberal refugee policy that has seen over a million migrants arrive in the country since 2015.
But their approval ratings have bounced back as the influx has slowed and as voters look to a safe pair of hands following Britain's vote to leave the European Union and the inauguration of Donald Trump as US president.
The latest poll by public broadcaster ZDF showed support for the SPD climbing from 20 to 24 percent, with Merkel's conservative CDU/CSU block unchanged at 36 percent.
If voters had the option to elect their chancellor directly, 44 percent would choose Merkel, closely followed by Schulz at 40 percent, the poll found.
Schulz indicated they aren't running just so the SPD could stay on as junior partner in another Merkel-run coalition government.
"The SPD is in this race to become the largest political power in the country," Schulz said. "And I am running to become chancellor."
Schulz's candidacy for the chancellorship is set to be confirmed in a party congress on March 19, considered a formality.
- 'Disgrace' -
Observers say Schulz owes their popularity in part to the fact that they are known as a heavyweight politician, while not being too closely associated with the SPD's lacklustre years governing in Merkel's shadow.
In a speech closely scrutinised for their domestic views after two decades spent in Brussels, Schulz took aim at the AfD, saying Germany knew what "blind nationalism" could lead to.
The AfD "is not an alternative for Germany, but a disgrace to the country," they said.
At a time of growing resentment against the political "elite", Schulz also took the opportunity to remind voters of their own modest background, despite being a veteran of EU politics.
An autodidact who speaks six languages, Schulz wanted to be a footballer, a dream they had to give up because of a knee injury.
They became mayor of the western German city of Wuerselen at 31, the youngest official to hold such a role in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia, and was elected to the European Parliament in 1994.
They stepped down as its president two months ago, saying they wanted to re-enter German politics but without specifying their ambitions.
While Merkel's conservatives continue to have a comfortable lead over the SPD in the polls, Schulz's arrival adds an element of unpredictability to the race.
The far-left Die Linke party has already urged Schulz to state whether they would be open to forming a three-party coalition also involving the Green party, hoping to force Merkel's conservatives into opposition.
Schulz made no mention of any coalition prospects in their speech, but said they would ask all parties in the race to agree to a "fairness pact" to avoid the kind of ugly race that caused such divisions in the US.
"We can't let that happen in Germany," they said.
ALWAYS TAKE WHAT you hear from a fighter in the aftermath of a bout with a grain of salt.
Understandably, after Conor McGregor was defeated by Nate Diaz at UFC 196, they were inundated with questions from the media about their next move.
A featherweight title bout against Jose Aldo or Frankie Edgar was mooted, and I would have been quite satisfied with either fight. However, the landscape gradually changed and that inaugural 145lbs title defence is now going to have to wait.
I don't believe people should have microphones stuck in their faces immediately after a fight. There's a lot going through your mind at a time like that so the response you're forced to give may not necessarily be an accurate reflection of your views.
When we got back to the changing room after the fight, a rematch with Diaz was already being discussed. A defence of Conor's featherweight belt was also mentioned, but as the hours drifted by, the frustration of not doing themselves justice began to take hold and grate.
Conor chased this rematch. That's how it has come about. He's much more concerned about trying to give a perfect representation of their ability than they are about material things like belts or money. That's just a fact. Money is certainly not a motivating factor anymore because they have already made plenty of it.
Conor believes that the last fight didn't accurately reflect the skills and ability they possess, so he's eager to address that. They ended up harassing UFC president Dana White and CEO Lorenzo Fertitta on a daily basis for a rematch. This is the fight that's of most interest to them right now.
I doubt that any non-biased observer could look at the first round of that 5 March bout at the MGM Grand and not score it in Conor's favour. For me, we saw the technical difference between the two fighters in that opening frame. The difference in the second round was down to cardio, and a cardio issue is much easier to rectify than a skill one.
Going into that second round, the gameplan was straightforward: repeat what had happened in the first round… for five rounds, if necessary. However, that's not how it ultimately played out.
Source: AP/Press Association Images
Conor's cardio wasn't as it should have been, but there was certainly no complacency. We didn't train any differently for the fight. I believe it was more a case of there being a strategy error i.e. trying to stop a bigger man who's known for having a strong chin with every single punch.
When you're landing punches on any opponent, it gets tiring. There's no two ways about that. With a strategy adjustment, the fight is going to play out in a similar manner to that first round, but this time it will continue throughout the contest. I do believe Conor is the more skilful fighter and the first round was evidence of that. But we cannot make the same mistake by trying to remove their head with every single punch.
It was a fight that was set up on short notice and it didn't go our way, but there are certainly no regrets about going ahead with it when turning it down would have been very understandable. The entire process has been a tremendous learning experience.
If Conor had gone through their entire career without pitting their skillset against that type of opponent, there would have been no window for learning. The Jose Aldo fight in December was iconic, it was beautiful to watch and all that, but we didn't really take away a whole lot from it.
With this one, I feel we've yielded months of lesson plans. It has really reignited the fire in both Conor and myself. We're excited about training for it and we've made some good plans which involve some adjustments, including spending a little bit more time out in Las Vegas. We'll make some minor changes to the training to get used to that particular opponent and we won't be overly-reliant on Conor's left hand to secure the result.
That was Conor's 22nd professional fight but I probably learned more about them from it than I had in their entire career to date. We had no excuses whatsoever for the loss. Second best on the night, simple as that. It's gone. Learn from it and move on to the next one.
The win over Max Holloway in August 2013 — the only time Conor has been to a decision — was good in that there were 15 minutes of material, but there wasn't much back-and-forth action to dissect. Max's aim in that fight was to survive, rather than win. Nate, on the other hand, came forward and pursued the victory.
Source: Eric Jamison
We took a huge amount of information away from it and you don't get that from short fights like Aldo, or even in a one-sided bout like Dennis Siver. This one was ideal as it highlighted some holes we need to fill in. As always, we win or we learn and we've certainly learned a lot from this one. The improvements will be very evident on 9 July.
We always knew that if Conor were ever to lose a fight, their detractors would revel in the result. To be completely honest, that hasn't happened to the extent that I expected it to. The overwhelming theme of the majority of the messages we received was that people were blown away by the humility on display. It seemed to either turn people into new fans or just bigger fans.
Of course, some people will want to kick you while you're down and I don't mind that at all. I actually wouldn't even begrudge anybody for doing so. That's a big aspect of the entertainment side of the sport so you have to take the good with the bad. But the feedback has been mostly positive and encouraging, and I believe Conor has actually gained support because of how they handled it.
The wins never changed Conor so I don't believe the losses will either. Their confidence is a product of the training we do so it will be there again in the lead-up to this fight, because we will train in a way that makes us feel nothing but confident. If Conor went into the last fight and was completely wiped out in every area, it would be pretty hard to be absolutely confident going into a rematch.
But the skills were there. When the strategy veered off course, that led to exhaustion and the dynamic of the fight changed. An exhausted opponent is not difficult to defeat. That's a mistake we made. Everyone makes mistakes, but the challenge now is to ensure that we don't repeat them. The training and the strategy will be different this time. So too will the result.
* * *
On a related note, I'm delighted to announce that just over a week before Conor McGregor's rematch with Nate Diaz at UFC 200, you'll be able to get your hands on my autobiography — ‘Win or Learn'.
Published by Penguin Ireland and co-authored by The42‘s own Paul Dollery, the book will be available to buy on 30 June but you can pre-order your copy now from Amazon by clicking here.
I've been working hard on putting the book together over the last few months and it has been a really enjoyable experience. Our rise to the top in the UFC is often described as an overnight success but I can assure you that it has been a long, long journey to get here.
I'm sometimes asked if I ever stop to pinch myself and allow it all to sink in, but that's quite hard to do while you're living in the moment. However, writing the book has afforded me the opportunity to take a step back and appreciate just how far we've come.
I hope you find it as fascinating to read as it has been for me to write.
The42 is on Snapchat! Tap the button below on your phone to add!
