Amidala stars in this poster for the Star Wars Identities exhibition. This Ewok graphic represents the kind of character profiles generated by visitors to Star Wars Identities. Storm Trooper poster image draws on dozens of tiny soldiers. Boba Fett faces front and center as featured in Star Wars Identities. C-3PO is constructed from text quotes in this Star Wars Identities poster portrait. Star Wars Identities poster art for Darth Vader symbolizes elements of the dark side. Here's Yoda, as seen in a Star Wars Identities poster.
Hey Star Wars fans: Every wondered whether – deep down – you would be an Ewok or Wookie? Hutt or Jedi? Those are the kinds of questions an ingenious Canadian exhibition aims to answer by empowering visitors to build their own customized Star Wars alter-egos by undergoing a fantasy 10-part psych evaluation.
As detailed in the clip embedded below, here's how Star Wars Identities works: Visitors to the Telus World of Science in Edmonton, Canada proceed through a series of interrogation stations to answer multiple-choice questions about species, genes, parents, culture, mentors, friends, events, occupation, personality and values.
Guests can tell the earth-bound truth or make stuff up, says Sophie Desbiens of X3 Productions , which designed the exhibit in partnership with LucasFilm Ltd. And Montreal Science Centre. "It's very weird because the adults always choose reality–'How were my parents?'–and the kids, they always choose whatever they want."
The wild card comes in the form of randomly assigned "marked events." "For example," says Desbiens, " Your marking event might be 'Oh, I was chained to Jabba the Hut for a year' and stuff like that. Just like in life, you don't get to choose everything that happens to you."
Responses are relayed via RFID bracelet to a database. The results get configured as a final hybrid character that pops up on a video screen in the "reveal" chamber. "People trip out when they see who they are," says Communications Project Manager Desbiens.
The museum's make-your-own Star Wars project ties in with Identities main theme, which explores the radically divergent journeys of Luke and Anakin Skywalker.
Check the gallery above for an example of a user-generated character portrait plus exhibition graphics featuring iconic Star Wars characters. Fair warning: "There are many Easter eggs to be found in these images," says Sophie.
Images courtesy Star Wars Identities
In a statement late Friday, the White House announced that President Donald Trump granted a presidential pardon to Joe Arpaio. The move comes just weeks after Trump equated white supremacists with counter-protesters.
The White House said “Arpaio's life and career, which began at the age of 18 when they enlisted in the military after the outbreak of the Korean War, exemplify selfless public service. After serving in the Army, Arpaio became a police officer in Washington, D.C. and Las Vegas, NV and later served as a Special Agent for the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA), formerly the Bureau of Narcotics. After 25 years of admirable service, Arpaio went on to lead the DEA's branch in Arizona.”
Arpaio was convicted of criminal contempt in a racial profiling case and was expected to serve no more than six months in prison.
A source from the Department of Justice revealed to CNN Friday evening that Trump did not go through regular channels for the pardon and did not work with the department on the pardon.
The office began preparing pardon documents earlier this week, according to reports. In the past, Arpaio has credited InfoWars' Alex Jones for being able to reach Trump and convince them of the pardon.
“Morning Joe” host Joe Scarborough knocked Trump last week saying that Trump will likely enrage every judge in the nation simply to please white nationalists.
Arpaio was the crusader that took up Trump's “birther” conspiracy, and searched for President Barack Obama's birth certificate to invalidate their presidency.
GIVE and GET some magic too! YOU can bring magic to Wounded Warriors, Deployed Military, New Recruits and Veterans in the U.S. Military.
With your Military Heroes purchase, Murphy's Magic will give a member of the U.S. armed forces a starter pack of magic along with a personal care package filled with food, entertainment, hygiene and personal letters sent by Operation Gratitude. In addition to giving and making a difference to individuals in our military, YOU will get some magic products, or we can give ALL the magic products to the military; it is up to you!
Loading the player ...
Bring active deployed military and new recruits something joyful for themselves and those around them, as well as a tool for bargaining and trust in their cities of deployment. It's never too late to say thank you to our veterans and wounded warriors. Magic can help in the aid of rehabilitation by improving fine motor skills and aiding in situations of mental distress. Therapy through magic:
"...when I received your package today it was like everything stopped for just a minute...all the stress and madness just went away." -- SMSgt A.W./USAF
"Since being in Iraq, it (the care package) was only the second thing I have received in the mail. I hope you understand how it brightened my day. All I can say... is thanked you, from the bottom of my heart." --T.R.S., CW3
"Your gifts not only meant a great deal to us however, but also a great deal to some of the Afghan children that we interact with on a daily basis. As we traveled throughout Kabul, my interpreter and I shared some candy with a few of the children that frequency walk with us...your generosity has not only touched our lives here at Camp Resolute Support, but also the lives of the Afghan children here in Kabul." --J
Video
In 1944, farmers across the state of Maine were struggling to cope with the annual potato harvest. The young men who normally worked on the farms had left home to fight in Europe.
Kay and their newlywed husband faced a difficult choice that year. Would they allow the harvest to rot in the fields, or take on German prisoners of war to harvest the potato crop in place of their own men?
Now 96 years old, Kay Bell recalls how the German prisoners soon became valued workers and beloved members of the community, despite being on the other side of the war the United States was fighting.
Archive courtesy of the US National Archives, Houlton Historical Society and Katherine Bell.
Video by Colm O'Molloy. Additional editing by Fred O'Connor.
Haas, who recruited Busch to drive the No. 41 Stewart-Haas Racing car four years ago, decided not to pick up the former NASCAR champion's option on August 1.
But they fully expect the Daytona 500 winner to remain with the organization.
“I'm 99.9-percent positive he'll be driving the No. 41 car,” Haas said. “It's just an economic deal, where we're not exactly sure what Monster wants to do. I guess you could say it's a buyer's market right now in terms of advertising on a race car.
“They want great deals — and that makes it difficult. Very difficult.”
Busch, who finished 11th at Michigan International Speedway on Sunday, was the top finishing SHR Ford. He's currently 14th in the standings but locked into the Playoffs.
SHR has also had difficulty finding sponsorship for the No. 10 car as well. — but Haas hasn't given up hope in securing support for Danica Patrick for next season.
“Our current prospects, we're going to see if we can't find a sponsor for Danica,” Haas said. “That really will kind of determine the future of that car. A couple of years ago, Nature's Bakery signed on — and it was a good contract. It made it all work out. We're kind of in the same position again.
Haas made their first trip to Mid-Ohio Sports Car Course on Saturday. They were scouting young talent — in particular their development driver Cole Custer. Haas heard Dale Earnhardt Jr.‘s comments regarding the economic landscape changing in NASCAR. Haas agrees.
“There's a whole new generation of up and coming drivers and we have to be on the lookout because some of our drivers over the next few years are going to retire,” Haas said. “It's reality. It's funny, when I got into the sport, the Tony Stewarts and the Jeff Gordons were pushing out the older drivers — the Sterling Marlins. I felt sorry for those guys. I thought, ‘It must be tough. But now the Tony Stewarts and Jeff Gordons are being pushed out again. It didn't take that long.”
Does Haas anticipate putting Custer in a Cup car any time soon?
“It all comes down to performance,” Haas said. “If they want to move up to a Cup ride, they have to perform. That's not really up to me. That's up to him.”
The 538 electors will cast their votes for president on Monday, December 19th. We've had some requests for an interactive map that lets people game out the possibility of one or more 'faithless' electors in that vote. To that end, we've modified our historical interactive map code to create a preliminary 2016 version. This map lets you split any state, thus allowing for the introduction of faithless electors in one or more states.
A faithless elector is one who casts their vote contrary to the candidate for whom they have pledged to vote, or one who abstains from voting. For example, Trump won Texas and thus the Republican slate of 38 electors will vote on December 19th. If one of those voted for someone other than Trump - which now seems likely - they would be considered a faithless elector. Likewise, a Washington state elector has previously indicated that they cannot support Hillary Clinton.
There have been very few faithless presidential electors, fewer than 10 since 1900 and none since 2004. (There were some additional faithless VP electors in 1912). In modern times, most electors are party loyalists, with little incentive to 'go rogue'.
Despite the long-shot odds, there is a campaign to flip 37 or more Republican electors away from Donald Trump, which would bring them below the 270 needed to win and send the election to the House of Representatives. This effort is being spearheaded mainly by a group of Democratic electors, who would support the effort by voting for a Republican alternative to Trump, thus being faithless to Hillary Clinton in the process. Those leading this process are attempting to agree on a person who, with 37+ Republican electoral votes plus some number of Democratic electoral votes, would be positioned as an acceptable alternative for consideration by the Republican-controlled House.
Welcome to What Jews Believe
This site is for Jews and non-Jews who want to learn more about Jewish beliefs, or have questions about how Hebrew Scripture has informed and shaped Jewish belief and practice throughout the ages.
The core of the site is a series of 10 essays which explain the Biblical foundations of Jewish belief, and clarify the differences between Jewish theology and Christian theology, using specific Biblical passages. Jewish beliefs concerning life, death, sin, forgiveness, and atonement are quite different from Christian beliefs. On this website you will learn how and why, and in so doing, learn about genuine Judaism.
On the navigation bar to the right, you will find a menu of belief statements which distinguish Judaism from Christianity.
The second part of this website, also on the right in the navigation bar, covers Christian Prooftexts , the 10 verses from the Hebrew Scriptures most commonly used by Christians to proselytize Jews to Christianity. This section shows how Judaism understands these verses differently from Christianity.
Out Now! Judaism & Christianity: A Contrast
Want a more in-depth and elaborated description of the differences of Judaism and Christianity?
Buy my book! Judaism & Christianity: A Contrast.
Availible on:
Amazon/Kindle
Barnes & Noble / Nook
Google Play Books
JEWISH MISSION CONTROL
Free Android and iOS App, Check them out on the Google Play, and Apple App Store Free Android and iOS App, Check them out on the Google Play, and Apple App Store "Fantastic. Amazing. Clarifies a lot of common misconceptions while still being respectful to all parties involved." "Excellent App for Jews Living in the Bible Belt...This application helps wonderfully with explaining my Jewish beliefs and how they are NOT Christian."
iPhone/iOS Version
Habla espanol? Haga clic abajo
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT
NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court verdict declaring privacy as a fundamental right will not put an end to Aadhaar since all the current usage of the unique identity number falls under the reasonable restrictions which have been outlined in the judgement. Aadhaar can continue to be linked with subsidy schemes since reasonable restrictions laid down by the Court include prevention of “dissipation of welfare benefits,” Ajay Bhushan Pandey , CEO of the Unique Identification Authority of India ( UIDAI ) told ET.Adding that while another Supreme Court Bench which will hear the specific Aadhaar matter will take a final call on the issue, they said that all the current use cases of Aadhaar fall under the reasonable restrictions category. While the linkage with bank account and PAN card can prevent crimes such as money laundering and impersonation etc and will be covered under restrictions ‘prevention of crime', projects such as Aadhaar Pay could fall under ‘innovation' as outlined by the judgement.“The judgement is very good, this will strengthen Aadhaar. Today, we have certain privacy protection measures, but the situation may change with the change in the technology when the new usage starts coming, with the judgement the contours have been defined. And therefore every use of Aadhaar in the future will have to be within that boundary.” They added that the judgement has done a lot of balancing.The historic judgement given by the nine member Supreme Court bench has said that privacy is a fundamental right, but it is not absolute and is subject to certain reasonable restrictions. “The Court has given examples of legitimate state interests such as national security, preventing crime, encouraging innovation and spread of knowledge, and preventing the dissipation of welfare benefits. The current uses of Aadhaar fall in this category,” said Pandey.He added that use of Aadhaar in subsidy schemes are for prevention of dissipation of social welfare benefits. Linkage of Aadhaar with income tax returns, bank accounts and other things such as SIM cards etc is for ensuring fraud, impersonation, black money, tax evasion , do not take place. They said use of Aadhaar in digital payments through BHIM Aadhaar is an example of innovation.Justice AM Sapre, in the judgement said that privacy is not an absolute right, it is subject to certain reasonable restrictions which the state is entitled to impose on the basis of social, moral and compelling public interest in accordance with the law. Pandey said that when the government is using this Aadhaar for bank account seeding or for PAN card, it is a case of compelling public interest of curbing tax evasion, Benami accounts , and money laundering.He added that the restrictions on fundamental right to privacy must be just, reasonable and fair and should be for the larger good of the society and empowerment of people. “Aadhaar Act is based on the premise that privacy is a fundamental right, and it has therefore a full chapter on privacy protection which has detailed provisions on how privacy of those who are using Aadhaar, is protected. In any case, this matter will be heard by the bench of the Supreme Court and final judgement will come at that time,” said Pandey.
China Daily / Reuters
The Window of the World amusement park in Changsha, China recently opened an Angry Birds attraction as part of its month-long “stress-reducing festival.”
Visitors to the new attraction use giant slingshots to launch plush-toy birds into the air at pig balloons. Although the Angry Birds game was created by Finnish company Rovio, the new playground is located in the Window of the World's American Zone, near a scaled down version of Mt. Rushmore. Angry Birds has been purchased by millions across the globe, making Rovio's app one of the most popular ever. The attraction at the Chinese park, however, is not licensed by Rovio, which led to speculation that a lawsuit could be on the horizon.
But PC World reports that rather than threaten a lawsuit, Rovio has started negotiations with the park to possibly set up a long-term partnership. A stress-reducing attraction available year-round? Bring it on.
LIST: 50 Best iPhone Apps
Frances Romero is a writer-reporter at TIME. Find them on Twitter at @frances_romero or on Tumblr. You can also continue the discussion on TIME's Facebook page, on Twitter at @TIME and on TIME's Tumblr.
Get the biggest politics stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
British spies alerted America to the Russian cyberattack after thwarting Moscow's attempt to target the 2015 general election .
A classified intelligence report on Russia's influence over the race to the White House detailed how UK officials tipped off their US counterparts after the Democratic National ­Convention, according to the New York Times.
GCHQ had prevented a breach of every Whitehall server in 2015, including the Home Office , Foreign Office and Ministry of Defence.
The plot – linked to plans to infiltrate all major British broadcasters after a successful attack on a French TV channel in April 2014 – was initially blamed on IS but traced to Moscow.
(Image: Getty)
The claim came after a declassified version of the report found Vladimir Putin ordered hacks “to undermine public faith in the US democratic process, denigrate Secretary [Hillary] Clinton, and harm them electability”.
Damaging Democratic Party emails were stolen and passed to WikiLeaks because, the report says, “Putin and the Russian Government developed a clear preference for President-elect Trump”.
Donald Trump , meanwhile, was blasted by Barack Obama's Vice President Joe Biden for denying claims Russian hackers influenced the poll.
(Image: PBS)
They told them to “grow up” and added: “The idea you may know more than the intelligence community is like saying ‘I know more about physics than my professor. I didn't read the book, I just know I know more'.”
Mr Trump later conceded that cyberattacks had occurred but had ­“absolutely no effect” on the outcome.
Russian has denied interfering in November's vote.
Stephen Hawking on Eddie Redmayne: 'At Times I Thought They Are Me'
Eddie Redmayne gave a transformative performance as Stephen Hawking in The Theory of Everything, and as part of a push for a Best Actor nomination (and possible win), Focus Features released a video that detailed the intensive work that went into their star turn, including a touching endorsement from the man they were portraying:
"I thought Eddie Redmayne portrayed me very well," Hawking said. "At times I thought they were me."
Redmayne is considered to be a shoo-in for a Best Actor nomination, although whether he'll win is a different story. In many years, they would be a no-brainer, especially since the Academy has historically rewarded dramatic physical changes for a role (Natalie Portman in Black Swan, Christian Bale in The Machinist, and Matthew McConaughey in Dallas Buyers Club, to name a few). But the field is as packed this year as it's ever been, with stiff competition from seemingly every respected actor known to man: Benedict Cumberbatch in The Imitation Game, Michael Keaton in Birdman, Steve Carell in Foxcatcher, David Oyelowo in Selma, Ralph Fiennes in The Grand Budapest Hotel, Oscar Isaac in A Most Violent Year, Miles Teller in Whiplash, Ben Affleck in Gone Girl, the list goes on and on. Given the extensive preparation and their rave reviews, Redmayne should be safe for a nomination, but given the strength of the field, an extra push can't hurt.
Clint Eastwood, the famed actor and film director that delivered the infamous “empty chair” speech at the Republican National Convention, appears to have a split house in regards to politics. Paparazzi caught up with the star's 19-year-old daughter and asked them who she's supporting for this year's Presidential Election. Francesca Eastwood told the paps she's voting for President Obama. “I happen to not be voting for the same man,” they said of their dad. “But I love that they stand up for what they believe in.”
Clint Eastwood's infamous speech was largely criticized and started a phenomenon known as “Eastwooding,” which consisted of people posting pictures of themselves talking to an empty chair on social media platforms. Eastwood's response to the criticism they received about their speech was more comical than the speech itself. “If somebody's dumb enough to ask me to go to a political convention and say something, they're gonna have to take what they get,” they said in an interview. “People loved it or hated it and that's fine,” they added. “That's what it was supposed to be.”
President Obama's response about Clint Eastwood was diplomatic. “He is a great actor, and an even better director,” they told a major publication. “I think the last few movies that he's made have been terrific.” Billionaire film director Steven Spielberg happens to be a major supporter of President Obama. They and Dreamworks Animation CEO Jeffrey Katzenberg donated $1 million to the Obama campaign this year.
Strings are everywhere. You deal with String instances not only every day, but probably every minute. They came from files, databases, REST APIs, or you simply use them to print results. It's a pervasive representation, and Ruby provides plenty to ease its manipulation. But String comes with its own share of problems and you won't always find a quick solution in the doc like how to deal with invalid byte sequence or convert back a String to a Date with an uncommon format.
Below, I share 7 common use cases of String I met very often and should be useful to you.
1. How to remove enclosing characters like parenthesis?
You retrieve data from a file:
line = '(this is a data from the file)'
The data is always wrapped by () that you don't want. You can get the data without them as following:
line [ 1 ..- 2 ] # => 'this is a data from the file'
This actually removes the first and last characters of the String.
reference: String#[], String#slice
2. How to compare two Strings insensitively?
In an online shop, the user can search for product by their name:
products = [ "Banana" , "Apple" , "Orange" ] # ... search_string = "apple"
You don't want to force your users to be case sensitive (they aren't), so you can do:
products . select { | product | product . casecmp ( search_string ) == 0 } # => ["Apple"]
As pointed out by apeiros in the comments, it won't work for any non-ASCII characters. So, a better version would be:
products . select { | product | product =~ / #{ Regexp . escape ( search_string ) } /i }
reference: String#casecmp
3. How to clean a String by removing newline, carriage return, leading and trailing spaces?
In a little script, you read data from the console:
command = gets
You can clean up what you read by simply doing:
command = gets . strip
Thanks to apeiros for making me notice that strip removes also trailing newline and carriage return. It's not needed to use chomp.
reference: String#chomp, String#strip
4. How to convert a String to a Regexp?
You're developing a Gem that maintains a database of locations of files. In the configuration file, the user can blacklist specific pathnames with regular expressions. You retrieved one of them (you don't want to locate the files in your trash):
blacklisted_pathname = " \.\/\. trash"
You can then use it to directly check:
file_paths . select { | file_path | ! ( file_path =~ / #{ blacklisted_pathname } / ) }
or keep it for later:
r = Regexp . new blacklisted_pathname
Don't forget to correctly escaping in your string, or even better, use Regexp.escape as suggested by apeiros.
reference: Regexp#new, Regular Expressions literal and interpolation
Aside note: for that particular use case, you should probably use File#fnmatch
5. How to convert a String to a Date with uncommon format?
In an old database, the dates are stored as String as following:
date = "1979;4;2"
You can convert it as a Date as following:
Date . strptime ( date , "%Y;%m;%d" ) # => <Date: 1979-04-02 ((2443966j,0s,0n),+0s,2299161j)>;
reference: Date#strptime
6. How to remove accents?
You're building a web app and you'd like to allow a quick search among the members like
"Kurt Gödel"
Accents and diacritics could be easily forgotten, and you want to remove them from the searched string. You can do it easily with ActiveSupport
require "active_support/inflector" # not necessary if Rails ActiveSupport :: Inflector . transliterate ( "Kurt Gödel" ) # => 'Kurt Godel'
reference: Inflector#transliterate
7. How to clean up invalid byte sequences?
You read a text File encoded in UTF-8. You manipulate each of its line, but at some point you get the error
ArgumentError : invalid byte sequence in UTF - 8
on the line
line = 'This is an invalid byte sequence 44' # => 'This is an invalid byte sequence \xA4'
Well, you need to clean up your line before working on it by using scrub:
# if < 2.1, use the backport gem string-scrub # by adding to your Gemfile # gem "string-scrub" # if >= 2.1, it"s part of String (yeah \o/) line . scrub! ( "" ) # => 'This is an invalid byte sequence '
Old way:
line . encode! ( "UTF-8" , "binary" , invalid: :replace , undef: :replace , replace: "" ) # => 'This is an invalid byte sequence'
But if you have non-ASCII characters, it will remove them. In that case, you should go for a solution as apeiros' one.
references: String#encode!, String#scrub! (2.1)
read also: Fight Back UTF-8 Invalid Byte Sequences
What's your daily use cases of Strings?
Compared with daily use cases of Array, Hash, or Regexp, some for String are very basic, but very common. I love how Ruby allows you to deal with slicing for instance. It's very elegant.
What's yours? What are your typical daily use cases of String and elegant Ruby to resolve them?
A Seventy-year-old Swedish woman complained about immigrants setting fire to cars and defecating in the streets. The Swedish authorities took notice and did something about this outrage.
Oh, they didn't do anything about the public defecation or arson, they decided to go after the seventy-year-old Swedish woman for daring to point out the obvious and accused them of formenting hatred.
What's worse is that they can potentially go to jail for this:
“The penalty for hatred against a group of people is imprisonment for a maximum of two years or fines. If the crime is considered to be grossly convicted, the accused is sentenced to imprisonment for at least six months and no more than four years.”*
When a government aggressively attacks its own people in order to excuse and even accept the worst actions of a protected group, rather than promote tolerance, it will invariably lead to something far, far more confrontational.
* Translated from Swedish.
N.B. Homonym/typo corrected.
Tweet
Human emissions of greenhouse gases such as carbon dioxide are causing the Earth to warm. We know this, and we have known about the heat-trapping nature of these gases for over 100 years. But scientists want to know how fast the Earth is warming and how much extra energy is being added to the climate because of human activities.
If you want to know about global warming and its future effects, you really need to answer these questions. Whether this year was hotter than last year or whether next year breaks a new record are merely one symptom of a warming world. Sure, we expect records to be broken, but they are not the most compelling evidence.
The most compelling evidence we have that global warming is happening is that we can measure how much extra heat comes in to the Earth's climate system each year. Think of it like a bank account. Money comes in and money goes out each month. At the end of the month, do you have more funds than at the beginning? That is the global warming analogy. Each year, do we have more or less energy in the system compared to the prior year?
The answer to this question is clear, unassailable and unequivocal: the Earth is warming because the energy is increasing. We know this because the heat shows up in our measurements, mainly in the oceans. Indeed the oceans take up more than 92% of the extra heat. The rest goes into melting Arctic sea ice, land ice, and warming the land and atmosphere. Accordingly, to measure global warming, we have to measure ocean warming. Results for 2015 were recently published by Noaa and are available here.
A recent paper by Karina von Schuckmann and their colleagues appeared in Nature Climate Change, and provides an excellent summary of our knowledge of the energy balance of the Earth and recent advances that have been made. The article describes the complexity of the situation. The Earth is continuously gaining energy from greenhouse gases, but there are also natural fluctuations that cause both increases and decreases to the energy flows.
For instance, volcanic eruptions may temporarily reflect some solar energy back to space. Natural variability like the El Niño/La Niña cycle can change heat flows and how deep the heat is buried in the ocean. The energy from the sun isn't constant either; it varies on an 11-year cycle, but by less than 0.01%. With all of this and more happening, how do we know if an energy imbalance is natural or human caused? How do we separate these effects?
The effort to separate human from natural effects is seen to be possible when one considers how the imbalance is measured in the first place. There are multiple complementary ways to make these measurements. Each technique has advantages and disadvantages and they have to be considered together.
One way is through satellites that orbit the Earth. These satellites can measure the heat entering the atmosphere and the heat leaving the system. The difference between them is the imbalance. Currently, the longest operating satellite measurement for this is from Nasa and is named Ceres (Clouds and Earth's Radiation Energy System). The difficulty is that the energy imbalance is only about 0.1% of the actual energy flows in and out, and while the changes can be tracked, their exact values are uncertain.
Another way to measure the imbalance is to actually take the ocean's temperature. Temperature tells us how much heat a system has. If the temperature is increasing, it means the energy within the system is increasing as well – the system is out of balance. Not only do we have to measure the ocean temperatures accurately, but there is a need to measure the temperatures year after year exceedingly accurately to much better than a 0.1°C margin. What really matters is how the temperature is changing over long periods of time.
While it may sound easy to measure the oceans, it is actually quite challenging. The oceans are huge (and deep) and difficult to access. The need is for enough measurement locations at enough depths and with enough precision to get an accurate temperature.
In recent years, we have relied upon a system of automated ocean measurement devices called the Argo fleet. These devices are scattered across the globe and they autonomously rise and sink (down to 2,000 meters) and record temperatures and salinity during their travels. Because of the Argo fleet, we know a lot more about our oceans, and this new knowledge helps us ask better questions. But the fleet could be made even better. They do not measure the bottom half of the ocean (below 2,000m depth) and they do not fully cover regions near or under ice or near shores.
Furthermore, a 10-year trend is much too short to make long-term climate conclusions. We have to stitch Argo temperatures to other instruments, which have been measuring the oceans for decades. That stitching process has to be done carefully so that a false cooling or warming trend is not introduced.
Another way is through ocean levels. As the oceans warm, the water expands and sea levels rise. So, just by measuring the changing water levels, it is possible to assess how much heat the oceans are absorbing. The drawback to this method is that oceans are also rising because ice around with world is melting, particularly in Greenland and Antarctica. As this melted ice water flows into the oceans, it too causes sea levels to rise. So, it's important to separate how much of ocean level rise is from heat-expansion and how much is from ice melting.
And another way is through the use of climate models, which are computer simulations of the environment. Very powerful computers are used to calculate the state of the climate at millions of locations across the globe, in both the oceans and in the atmosphere. The calculations use basic physics and thermodynamics equations to track the thermal energy at each of the locations.
So, there are many ways to measure the Earth's energy imbalance. While all methods are telling us the Earth has a fever, they differ in details and better synthesis of all the information is essential to improve the knowledge of what Earth's energy imbalance is. Right now, the Earth is gaining perhaps as much as 1 Watt of heat (a Joule per second) for every square meter of surface area. Considering how large the Earth is, this is an incredible amount of heat being gained day and night year after year. This is over 1 zettaJoules (sextillion Joules) per year.
What I like about this new paper is the recommendations for the future. Perhaps the most important recommendation is that we need to continue to make accurate measurements of the Earth's temperatures, especially in the oceans. We need to extend those temperate measurements to deeper locations (below 2,000 m) and make measurements near shores, in the Polar Regions, underneath ice, etc. This will require a sustained funding of our measurement systems and a long-term view of the Earth's changing climate.
Fully understanding where the excess heat is going in the Earth system is a first step to making good predictions as to what its consequences are for the future climate and the oceans. It is an essential activity to enable planning for the future. Dr von Schuckmann summarized their work nicely when they told me,
The New York Police Department's motto, Fidelis Ad Mortem – or "faithful unto death" – could easily pass as the utterance of a fanboi pleading lifelong allegiance to the late Steve Jobs.
And it would seem that New Yorkers also keep faith with the Jesus phone – judging by the police force's latest crime-prevention campaign which directly targeted them. Officers hit the streets over the weekend to hand out leaflets calling on iPhone owners to download iOS7, which comes with beefed-up security measures.
The pamphlets say "Attention Apple users" and point out that iOS 7 "brings added security to your devices". Cops said the iOS update was "avaialble" [sic] right now. Let's hope the cops are better at chasing down perps than they are at spelling.
Twitter user Michael Hoffman posted a picture of the leaflet along with with the tweet:
Four uniformed NYPD officers were at my subway stop tonight asking me to upgrade to iOS 7. Not a joke! pic.twitter.com/CGdR2RqtKJ — Michael Hoffman (@Hoffm) September 21, 2013
Apple's updated mobile OS features an improved version of Find My iPhone, which makes it impossible for anyone to switch it off without an Apple ID and password, as well as Activation Lock, which requires an Apple ID and password to be entered before a user can perform a remote wipe or reactivate the phone.
The iPhone 5S also features a fingerprint sensor, although this has already been hacked. ®
Recent calls from the younger ranks of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's Liberal Democratic Party to “punish” media critical of the government's contentious national security bills have sparked an industry outcry, providing ammunition to the opposition and even raising the eyebrows of veteran ruling party lawmakers.
During Thursday's gathering of a group of young LDP lawmakers close to Abe, attendees bashed media organizations for criticizing the security legislation being debated in the Diet, saying an effective way to “punish those media is to take out their ad revenues.”
To quell the situation, Abe on Friday expressed regret over the alleged remarks.
“If it's true, it would be very regrettable,” Abe told a Lower House panel, stressing that their party gives priority to freedom and democracy, of which freedom of the press is a vital component.
At the gathering, the group also urged intellectuals to pressure Keidanren, the influential business lobby, to stop sponsoring critical media organizations.
Among the 40 or so attendees at the meeting were Deputy Chief Cabinet Secretary Katsunobu Kato and Koichi Hagiuda, a special adviser to Abe.
A Keidanren spokesperson told The Japan Times on Friday that it is aware of the reports but had no comment.
Also present as a guest speaker was novelist Naoki Hyakuta, a former NHK governor who has drawn flack in the past for controversial remarks. They said newspapers critical of the government should be closed.
“The two Okinawan newspapers must be destroyed. I believe if some of the islands in Okinawa (Prefecture) were to be invaded by China, although such a thing should not happen, they will awake from their sleep,” they said, referring to the editorial direction of The Okinawa Times and Ryukyu Shimpo.
Tatsuya Ishikawa, a member of the editorial staff at The Okinawa Times, said the comment shows Hyakuta's lack of knowledge about the situation.
They said the newspaper was established to provide balanced reporting, with a belief that the unfair reporting conducted by the wartime media had severe consequences during the Battle of Okinawa 70 years ago.
“Our reporting has been based on the principle of not allowing the citizens to experience war again or go through any similar experience,” they said. “Such comments are not going to affect our policy since we need to protect the freedom of expression and press as an Okinawan newspaper observing local issues very closely.”
Yoshikazu Shiohira, editor-in-chief of the Ryukyu Shimpo, blasted Hyakuta's comments as an attack not only against Okinawan newspapers, but against the mass media as a whole.
But they said the novelist's comments will not stop the paper from advocating freedom of speech, stressing it “will continue to maintain political neutrality and will seek to ensure fair news gathering and reporting with respect to freedom of expression.”
On Friday, Hyakuta told Kyodo News by telephone that their remark was intended as a joke that should have been kept off the record.
“I still wish (the two Okinawan papers) would disappear,” they said. “But I didn't mean to say, ‘Quash them by political pressure.' Such a thing should never be allowed.”
The incident has given the opposition a prime opportunity to attack the ruling camp.
“It is very problematic,” Katsuya Okada, leader of the largest opposition Democratic Party of Japan, said. “It has resulted from their arrogant belief that they can freely control the media.”
Masato Imai, policy chief of Ishin no To (Japan Innovation Party), blasted the young lawmakers and called the LDP an “authoritarian party” that regulates freedom of speech.
In response, LDP Secretary-General Sadakazu Tanigaki, a political dove, urged members to “speak with a calm mind.”
“It's OK to criticize the media, but there should be some dignity when they make their points,” Tanigaki said at a regular news conference.
Another LDP veteran even apologized.
“We are sorry,” former Defense Minister Akinori Eto said, referring in particular to the remark reportedly made by Lower House member Takahiro Inoue, who said advertisements should be cut to punish certain mass media outlets. “We will strictly reprimand that lawmaker.”
But Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga, who also belongs to the conservative party, tried to avoid taking sides.
They said they would not comment because it is an internal matter concerning the LDP, not the government.
They said the editorial freedom of broadcast programs is guaranteed and that freedom of expression is protected.
“Freedom of expression is properly guaranteed by the Constitution. In that sense, it is important to have a variety of discussions in Japan,” Suga said. Kenta Yamada, a professor of media studies at Senshu University in Tokyo, said the LDP group's remarks reflects their ignorance.
“Those remarks were unforgivable coming from Diet members,” Yamada said. “The fact that they think they are allowed to punish the media because it holds differing views from the government by starving them shows their absolute lack of understanding of freedom of speech guaranteed by the Constitution, and also basic principle of a democratic society.” As for Hyakuta's comments, they said the novelist is looking down at the people.
“What they said was that people living in Okinawa are being deceived by local papers. Such a way of thinking is condescending toward deriding Okinawans,” they said.
Information from Kyodo added
Post-trade financial services giant DTCC has announced it is to host a blockchain event next month in New York City.
Called the Blockchain Symposium, the day-long event will explore the business applications of blockchain technology for financial market infrastructures and the industry.
The firm told CoinDesk in an email:
“The aim of the program is to cut through the hype, discuss collaboration and use cases, and imagine what innovations the future may bring.”
The 29th March event will feature Blythe Masters, CEO of blockchain startup Digital Asset Holdings, and J Christopher Giancarlo, Commissioner at the US Commodity Futures Trading Commission.
The news follows DTCC's release of a report that, while recommending industry stakeholders experiment with blockchain implementations, cautioned against the growing hype surrounding the technology.
The report, entitled “Embracing Disruption: Tapping the Potential of Distributed Ledgers to Improve the Post-Trade Landscape”, offered a measured endorsement of the technology and identified several features that could be applied to the post-trade industry.
For more information on the event, including its registration fees and ticket availability, visit the DTCC's official website.
Brooklyn bridge image via Shutterstock
The largest prison strike in U.S. history has been going on for nearly a week, but there's a good chance you haven't heard about it. For months, inmates at dozens of prisons across the country have been organizing through a network of smuggled cellphones, social media pages, and the support of allies on the outside. The effort culminated in a mass refusal to report to prison jobs on September 9, the anniversary of the 1971 Attica prison uprising.
“This is a call to action against slavery in America,” organizers wrote in an announcement that for weeks circulated inside and outside prisons nationwide, and that sums up the strikers' primary demand: an end to free prison labor. “Forty-five years after Attica, the waves of change are returning to America's prisons. This September we hope to coordinate and generalize these protests, to build them into a single tidal shift that the American prison system cannot ignore or withstand.”
Since Friday, details on the strike's success have trickled out of prisons with some difficulty, but organizers and supporters have no doubt the scale of the action is unprecedented, though their assessment is difficult to verify and some corrections departments denied reports of strike-related activities in their states.
Prisoners in 24 states and 40 to 50 prisons pledged to join the strike, and as of Tuesday, prisoners in at least 11 states and 20 prisons continued the protest, according to outside supporters in Alabama. Tactics and specific demands varied locally, with some prisoners reportedly staging hunger strikes, and detainees in Florida protesting and destroying prison property ahead of the planned strike date.
“There are probably 20,000 prisoners on strike right now, at least, which is the biggest prison strike in history, but the information is really sketchy and spotty,” said Ben Turk, who works on “in-reach” to prisons for the Incarcerated Workers Organizing Committee, a chapter of the Industrial Workers of the World union helping to coordinate the inmate-led initiative from the outside.
Small rallies and demonstrations in support of the strikers were staged in dozens of U.S. cities and a couple of foreign countries, but so far the coordinated strike remains largely ignored on the outside.
“The strike has been pulled off, but we're not quite breaking through to getting mainstream media,” Turk told The Intercept, noting that the strike was widely covered by independent media. “I talk to people who aren't in that milieu and aren't seeing it on their social media, and they'll be like, ‘We didn't hear about it, there's nothing about it anywhere.'”
That's bad news for the strikers, who rely on the support of outsiders to push for more radical reform but also depend on their outside visibility to mitigate retaliation by prison officials.
A week into the strike, a couple of groups were providing updates on the action, which organizers say will carry on indefinitely, as well as outside demonstrations of solidarity.
The information blackout is largely due to prison officials' ample discretion in the details they choose to disclose. As the strikes began, reports emerged of several facilities being put on lockdown, some preemptively, but the only way for outsiders to get updates would be to call each facility and ask, usually getting no explanation about the reasons for a lockdown. Reports also emerged claiming that prison leaders in Virginia, Ohio, California, and South Carolina were put in solitary confinement as a result of the strike, according to the Alabama supporters.
The Alabama Department of Corrections did not respond to a request for comment, while corrections departments in Virginia, Ohio, and California — three of the states where strike-related disturbances were tracked by outsiders — denied that inmates in those states participated in the strike.
A spokesperson for the Florida Department of Corrections said that prisons there had resumed normal operations after several hundred inmates staged protests and work stoppages at four facilities. The spokesperson added that several inmates identified in the disturbances were transferred to other regional institutions and will be disciplined “in accordance with procedure.” At the Kinross Correctional Facility in Michigan, some 150 prisoners identified as “ringleaders” of the protests were also removed to other facilities after prisoners assigned to kitchen work declined to report to their jobs on September 9 and some 400 prisoners staged a peaceful protest. The situation there grew more tense a day later when prison guards went through the facility to remove suspected leaders, the Wall Street Journal reported, and the prison remains on lockdown.
Retaliation against strikers is also hard to track, but outside advocates said that several leaders were put in isolation and denied communication privileges, making it even harder for information to come out.
In one instance, at the Ohio State Penitentiary, Siddique Hasan, a well-known prison activist sentenced to death for their role in a 1993 prison uprising, was accused of plotting to “blow up buildings” on September 9. Hasan, an organizer with the Free Ohio Movement, was confined to isolation and denied access to the phone for nearly a month before the strike — a deliberate effort to prevent them from communicating with the outside about it, supporters said.
“What people have to realize is that these men and women inside prison — they expected to be retaliated against, but they sacrificed,” said Pastor Kenneth Glasgow, a former prisoner and a supporter of the Free Alabama Movement, the prisoner-led group that first called for the nationwide strike.
“People on the outside are not understanding they are being bamboozled,” they added, expressing disappointment that the strike hadn't garnered more attention. “A lot of people are not realizing the value in what's going on, they don't realize that it's slavery, that slavery still exists.”
While the most ambitious to date, the September 9 strike was hardly the first such effort by prisoners. Prison protests have been on the rise in recent years, following a 2010 strike during which thousands of prisoners in Georgia refused to work, an action that was followed by others in Illinois, Virginia, North Carolina, and Washington. In 2013, California prisoners coordinated a hunger strike against the use of solitary confinement that at its peak involved 30,000 prisoners. And this year, prisoners rioted at Holman prison in Alabama — one of the facilities most actively involved in the current strike — and went on strike in Texas.
Photo: California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation
Across the country, inmates are protesting a wide range of issues: from harsh parole systems and three-strike laws to the lack of educational services, medical neglect, and overcrowding. But the issue that has unified protesters is that of prison labor — a $2 billion a year industry that employs nearly 900,000 prisoners while paying them a few cents an hour in some states, and nothing at all in others. In addition to work for private companies, prisoners also cook, clean, and work on maintenance and construction in the prisons themselves — forcing officials to pay staff to carry out those tasks in response to work stoppages. “They cannot run these facilities without us,” organizers wrote ahead of the strike. “We will not only demand the end to prison slavery, we will end it ourselves by ceasing to be slaves.”
Prisoners on strike are calling for the repeal of an exception listed in the 13th Amendment to the United States Constitution, which bans “involuntary servitude” in addition to slavery, “except as a punishment for crime whereof the party shall have been duly convicted.”
That forced labor remains legal in prison is unknown to many Americans, and that's something strikers hope to change with this action. But it's also a sign of how little the general public knows about the country's massive prison system. “A nation that imprisons 1 percent of its population has an obligation to know what's happening to those 2.4 million people,” Ethan Zuckerman, director of the Center for Civic Media at MIT, wrote in a blog post about the tepid response to the strike. “And right now, we don't know.”
But while information on prisons is notoriously hard to obtain, a potentially larger problem for the striking prisoners is the seemingly limited interest in their plight, which remains confined to a few activists, family members, and formerly incarcerated people, even at a time when criminal justice issues and prison reform are high on the agenda of social justice advocates and politicians alike.
Prisoners themselves have been largely excluded from the last few years' debate on mass incarceration, but the very fact that they were able to coordinate a collective protest of this scale, with all its limitations, is testimony to their determination that the prison system needs radical change, strike organizers say.
“When you have people who are inside, locked up, who have overcome all these obstacles and barriers and have organized in 24 states, 40 to 50 prisons,” said Glasgow, “that means all of us out here need to start stepping up.”
A dispute about a past relationship quickly escalated Tuesday when a woman shot their ex-boyfriend in the leg at the apartment they previously shared with him, officials said.
Orlando police are looking for shooting suspect Asia Roshonda Simpson, 21.
About 8 p.m., officers were called to the shooting at GrandeVille at JubiLee Park apartments off South Goldenrod Road near the Orlando International Airport.
Once inside, police found the victim — who hasn't been identified — lying on the floor between the kitchen and bedroom, holding their right leg. The back of their pants were covered in blood, according to a report said. Police asked who shot him, and they said their ex-girlfriend.
Emergency personnel found a fragment of the bullet in their jeans. They were rushed to Orlando Regional Medical Center. Their condition was unknown.
"It appears they were shot from the front of their right leg and the bullet exited through the rear of their leg," the report said. The victim said they began dating in January. They lived together most of their relationship until they broke up in October. They were in the process of moving out.
Once they took everything from the apartment, the victim left to eat. They called them multiple times, police said, until they answered. That's when they said they wanted to talk to them in person. They returned to the apartment and they spoke about their past relationship.
"He stated they were upset because they were homeless," the report said. "He told them to go to their sister's house or the new guy they were dating." Simpson then pulled a gun from their purse and shot him, police said.
"He dropped to the ground and pleaded with them not to shoot them again," the report said. "He stated they were afraid that they were going to shoot them again and kill him."
twalden@tribpub.com or 407-420-5620
× POLL: Who won the 8th Democratic debate?
MIAMI — Hillary Clinton returned to their attack on Bernie Sanders for failing to bail out the auto industry during a heated Democratic presidential debate Wednesday.
“Let's talk about the auto bailout because I think it is important for people to understand what happened,” Clinton said at the Univision debate in Miami that's simulcasting on CNN.
Clinton noted that in December 2008, they and Sanders both voted to support an auto bailout that was blocked by Republicans. But before President Barack Obama took office in 2009, the bailout was folded into a bailout bill for financial firms.
“Sen. Sanders voted against it,” Clinton said. “That is their perfect right to vote against it, but if everyone had voted as they voted, we would not have rescued the auto industry.”
It was a noteworthy position for Clinton since they took a similar stance in the run-up to the Michigan primary, betting that it would resonate in the heart of the auto industry. But it didn't — they lost Michigan to Sanders in a surprise result and exit polls there indicated Democratic voters trusted the Vermont senator more on issues related to the economy and trade.
Sanders hit back by again tying Clinton to Wall Street. They argued the broader bill was the “bailout of the recklessness, irresponsibility and illegal behavior of Wall Street. It was the Wall Street bailout.”
‘Very close race'
If Clinton was shaken by their loss in Michigan, they didn't show it on the debate stage. They sought to downplay the impact of their surprise loss Tuesday to Sanders in Michigan.
“It was a very close race,” Clinton said. “I have won some, I have lost some.”
They added that with their win in Mississippi, they won 100,000 votes more than Sanders on Tuesday and that they built their lead in the delegate race.
Sanders, however, said they pulled off what “some people considered one of the major political upsets in modern American history” in Michigan, which they said proved that Americans backed their effort to stand up to Wall Street. They said that their win could also sway superdelegates to conclude that they were the best Democratic candidate to take on Republican front-runner Donald Trump in a general election.
Clinton also bristled when asked about their use of a private email server during their time as secretary of state. Moderator Jorge Ramos pressed Clinton on whether they would drop out of the presidential race if they are indicted.
“Oh for goodness, that is not going to happen,” Clinton said. “I'm not even going to answer that question.”
Clashing on immigration
The candidates waged an extended confrontation over immigration reform, which is of special interest to the Spanish-speaking audience of Univision.
Clinton rebuked Sanders for opposing a comprehensive immigration reform effort during President George W. Bush's administration. Sanders said they supported the overall goal of the bill but was opposed to guest worker provisions that they believed would undercut wages for U.S. workers and impose punitive conditions on foreign laborers.
But both rivals pledged that they would not deport undocumented immigrants who were not accused of a crime and both supported a path to citizenship for such people.
And they took aim at Trump, and their plan to build a wall along the Mexican border and vow to deport 11 million undocumented migrants.
Clinton mocked the billionaire for vowing to build “the most beautiful, tall wall, better than the Great Wall of China.”
Sanders slammed Trump for the “vulgar, absurd idea,” of rounding up undocumented migrants and deporting them.
Sanders also renewed their attack on Clinton for failing to release transcripts of their speeches to top financial institutions after they left the State Department. Asked whether they believed that they were saying one thing in private and another thing to Wall Street firms privately, Sanders said, “That is exactly what releasing the transcripts will tell us.”
Clinton, who has said they will release their transcripts if other candidates — including Republicans — do the same, said they had the toughest plan to rein in Wall Street.
Sanders hit back: “I am dangerous for Wall Street.”
We've all watched a lot of Sixers for the last four years, and it hasn't always been easy. But once in a while, even if you don't tell anyone, you can skip a game. You can scroll through Twitter or watch the new Black Mirror trailer while you watch. Molly Sullivan French has not had that option. Along with the rest of the TV team of Marc Zumoff and Alaa Abdelnaby, Molly has had to not just watch, but concentrate on every Sixers game since she's arrived.
We also discuss Rights To Ricky Sanchez Radio on 94WIP!
Bus The Process III: Operation Shithole (aka Fly The Process aka Bucks The Process) is on sale now but packages are going really fast. Reserve your seat now by clicking on the fake Rookie Of The Year Malcolm Brogdon.
As we mentioned briefly yesterday, small publisher Devault-Graves realized that the rights to three J.D. Salinger stories from the 1940s — “The Young Folks,” “Go See Eddie” and “Once a Week Won't Kill You” — were up for grabs, so the publisher pulled off an unlikely literary coup, and purchased the rights to publish them. It's a bold move, one that will surely net some bucks for a publisher whose stated mission is “converting backlisted books into ebooks through two imprints.” The only problem is that the stories themselves aren't very good.
The stories are mostly dialogue-heavy pieces about a bunch of young people who smoke too much, and more than anything they show that the young Salinger really fancied the work of F. Scott Fitzgerald — they basically read like something the Gatsby writer might have thrown away. Only the most diehard Salinger fans would want to read these works, and while I'm guessing the publisher would argue otherwise, publishing them is probably more about the publicity the stories have already netted than it is about pushing good material, or even making a quick buck.
It could be that Devault-Graves contacted the Salinger Trust, asked them to make an offer on the rights, and were ultimately unhappy with whatever they heard back. But I doubt that's the case. The J.D. Salinger Literary Trust, much like the writer themselves during their lifetime, is very careful about Salinger's work and legacy. One perfect example would be the leaking of information about the four new books of unpublished Salinger work we can expect to see in the future. It's hard to imagine that the Trust wouldn't want to control whether and how these stories were released.
Yet that, if anything, is the real reason one should want to read these stories. The stories date from before the Second World War, a period that biographers have said for decades turned Salinger into a new man and changed the way they wrote. These stories represent Salinger as their most famous character, Holden Caulfield, long before they found themselves catching kids running off a cliff in that field of rye.
They're more innocent, more trusting, but ultimately, and unfortunately, they're not all that much to write home about. They do have a purpose, but that purpose would have been better served by treating these stories better. The proper thing would have been to put them in some sort of collection to show Salinger's growth as a writer, and the changes in their life. But since the Trust set up to make sure things like that actually happened failed to do their job, this ebook is what we get.
Residents of the Hudson Ridge Tower at the Seneca Manor complex honored Alex Castro, the Executive Director of the Rochester Housing Authority, last week.
"Alex has been a good leader," said Dot Tucker, president of the residents council. "Whenever Alex is asked to come to one our sites, Alex comes."
"He was always there for us. All the residents in here liked Alex," said Bernice Johnson.
The RHA board fired Executive Director Alex Castro Wednesday morning.
"We wanted to go in a new direction," said board chairperson George Moses.
Castro came on board in 2011, after the previous executive director was removed for earning money from a nonprofit linked to the authority. Supporters say Castro, who came from the Housing Council, is credited with leading the agency through tough financial times and improving morale.
Wednesday night, approximately 24 hours after Castro was terminated, City Councilman Adam McFadden was appointed as interim executive director. Moses told News 8 earlier in the day the board would interview several people.
"It's nothing but politics, nothing but politics. You can't tell me anything else, any different," said Maudene Brown.
Brown served on the RHA board for 30 years before they were replaced by Mayor Lovely Warren in August. The mayor replaced board members over the last year.
"What did this man do wrong? How can five new members come in and make in accusations and say they want to change everything. What are you changing?" Brown asked.
"The Rochester Housing Authority operates as a separate entity, so we are not involved and do not have any comment at this time," said a spokesperson for the mayor.
This scenario - Castro being fired and McFadden replacing them - has been rumored in city political circles for weeks.
"It was shocking that this actually went down," said Anthony Plonczynski, a Democratic activist. "It just looks very clear this was an inside job. It was a pure political appointment."
McFadden said they do not have to leave City Council if appointed. However, the Hatch Act, would prohibit people who work for agencies receiving federal funds, could prevent them from running for reelection.
McFadden is the Executive Director of Quad A For Kids, a nonprofit that provides academic and extra-curricular support to city children. The organization has a $1 million budget. The Housing Authority has a staff of 180 and a budget of $62 million.
"I think Adam would be an excellent choice for that job," said City Councilwoman Carolee Conklin.
Moses said the public would be involved in strategic planning for the authority, which serves 22,000 low-income people in the Rochester area.
Castro could not be reached for comment.
"I think we should have something to say on it, at least speak on it," said Johnson. "I think it's unfair for them to just do this and we weren't aware of it."
The first significant update for Android Wear is now rolling out, and it all lines up nicely with a rumor we heard early last month. Most significantly, the update brings offline storage for your music, enhanced Bluetooth pairing, and support for Wear watches with GPS. Basically, Android Wear really wants to be your running buddy.
With the update, you'll now be able to save a chunk of your music directly to your Android Wear watch using Google Play Music. No, you won't be able to get your whole music collection on there, but the current crop of Android wear watches (the Moto 360, the LG G Watch, and the Samsung Gear Live) all have 4GB of built-in storage, and even if much of that is taken up my system stuff, there's still plenty of room for a handful of albums.
Advertisement
You'll also now be able to pair your watch directly with a set of Bluetooth headphones, so you can listen to the music without having your phone around. The other big addition is GPS support. Wear now supports watches that have built-in GPS. So that means you could start a running app on your watch, fire up some tunes, and track your whole run while your precious smartphone is lying safely at home, not drowning in your sweat.
Now, none of the three Wear watches available up until now have had GPS radios so that's not going to help them much, but starting today, you can pre-order the Sony SmartWatch 3, which is the first Android Wear watch to support GPS. The pre-order page is live now on Verizon's website, and it will be on the Google Play Store soon, too, for the price of $250. It looks like a pretty sweet watch, and we're looking forward to getting our wrists on it.
Advertisement
To celebrate all these glad tidings, Google aims to highlight just how many Android apps can now leverage Wear watches, and it's more than just a handful. The company claims that "tens of thousands" of Android apps are now enhanced for Wear, which is no small number. It's certainly more than any other smartwatch platform out there to date. To help separate the wheat from the chaff Google has put together some curated lists of apps to help you find the Wear-enhanced apps your looking for. The lists include:
Not bad. We'll be playing with the update as soon as it rolls out to our watches and we'll let you know if we spot any more significant improvements. If you have an Android Wear watch, you should see a notification to update the software sometime in the next few days or so. [Android Blog]
CHARLOTTE, N.C. - Individual absolutes have been few for the Bulls in recent years, despite their overall successes in the win column but one thing is for certain: finding Jimmy Butler's name atop the league leaders in minutes played.
At first it was Luol Deng but now Butler has taken their place as the NBA's Ironman. Since the start of the 2013-14 season, Butler has averaged nearly 39 minutes per contest in 132 games—a full minute more per game than Carmelo Anthony, next on the list at 37.7 minutes per contest.
But Bulls coach Fred Hoiberg hopes to shave off some minutes for Butler this season, with the thought they won't be worn down come playoff time, when the tread on the tires begin to show. Of the top 10 players in minutes per game during that stretch, only LeBron James can realistically say they play both ends of the floor hard, but even they don't play defense as consistently as Butler has been known to do.
[MORE: Joakim Noah's activity a bright spot in Bulls' loss to Hornets]
“We'll see how that plays out,” Hoiberg said. “I would like to have them play a little less than that (usual), so at the end of the season he's fresh. You want all your guys, fresh, not only mentally but physically and hopefully we'll accomplish that.”
Butler, who signed a maximum contract in restricted free agency this past summer, doesn't appear to be a huge fan of the strategy to bring their minutes down, but even if Hoiberg manages to achieve it, Butler will still be high on the list.
“I'm fine with where I'm at. It's a body thing,” Butler said. “If I'm feeling good enough to play however many minutes, then we gotta go with that. As of right now I'm healthy. I'll play as many minutes as necessary.”
It's no secret one division between former coach Tom Thibodeau and the front office was their usage of players. But Butler flourished under Thibodeau and seems to take pride in their high endurance.
[RELATED: Hoiberg wants a more aggressive Jimmy Butler before season starts]
They won't acknowledge getting fatigued, even though there was talk from the Milwaukee Bucks players in the first round of last season's playoffs that Butler mentioned how tired they were to them.
Perhaps a little gamesmanship or an admittance to fellow athletes who know what that grind is like.
“There's no need for that, to tell you the truth. Even if I am tired I really can't show it, so there's no sense in being tired,” Butler said. “My team needs me to produce. Oct. 27 (Season opener) is coming soon, so we gotta be prepared for it.”
With Butler's contract and new standing in the league and on the team, the Bulls appear to be taking steps to conserve their energy so they can be effective when it matters the most. It could be part of the reason Hoiberg doesn't want to start Doug McDermott while Mike Dunleavy recovers from back surgery, because it would essentially guarantee Butler would have to defend the opposing team's best perimeter.
[SHOP BULLS: Get your Bulls gear right here]
If the Bulls start the more defensive-minded Tony Snell, it gives the Bulls the option of switching Butler on or off said player, or choosing to save Butler for the offensive end altogether.
Doesn't look like Butler is buying it, though. They played a team-high 37 minutes in Monday's loss to the Charlotte Hornets, and believes when it comes down to it, he'll be in front of the likes of Anthony and James.
“I really haven't thought about it. I'm gonna guard the opposing team's best player, I think that's what it'll come down to at the end of the day,” Butler said. “We'll see coming soon. I can't say what we're gonna do. It's about helping the team win, whatever the strategy is that particular game we gotta go with it.”
CANTON, Ohio -- Despite their gaunt frame and sunken eyes, they walk with a distinct swagger down Tuscarawas Street. At the intersection with Cherry Street, they turn and faces the road with a blank stare. The ink on their neck and hands suggest he's spent time in prison. There are small faint bruises on one arm.
Their eyes dart back and forth; they are clearly agitated as they head toward a McDonald's parking lot, the same McDonald's where police tried to revive Christopher J. Burris from a drug overdose with two doses of naloxone last September. It took two more doses from paramedics to save him.
Burris overdosed on the potent opioid carfentanil, which is 100 times more powerful than heroin and used to sedate elephants. Eventually, they were sentenced by a Stark County judge to the maximum 12 months in prison for drug possession.
The passenger in their car, who had also passed out, pleaded guilty to a charge of aggravated possession of drugs, a fifth-degree felony.
For most of the past century in America, urban blacks seemed to disproportionally fill prison cells, more than rural or suburban whites. But that trend has begun to reverse in the past decade, according to a 2016 New York Times analysis of the National Corrections Reporting Program.
The Times reported that rural white Americans are going to prison more often and for longer sentences than urban blacks — a giant leap from 10 years ago, when people in urban, suburban and rural areas, on balance, went to prison at the same clip. Stark's neighboring Guernsey County, for example, has seen incarceration rates go up 36 percentage points in that decade.
Much of that coincides with the opioid epidemic that is crippling all of rural America.
It also coincides with a bipartisan push from Washington to decrease the mass incarceration numbers of large cities. While blacks still comprise a disproportionate number of inmates, that number has fallen; the same goes for Hispanic inmates. But white inmates have not decreased with the same expediency.
Part of that is due to how rural law enforcement officers and judges view who should go to prison, and for how long.
John Lane, the police chief in East Liverpool, Ohio, has seen one of their own officers overdose on drug residue that clung to their uniform after they arrested a suspect.  They are all for drug users going to prison for a very long time.
"My job is to keep the bad guys off of the streets," they said. "I wish we could find more money for drug treatment. Bigger cities have those resources to fight addiction outside of jail, and prison, and we don't."
In larger cities, Lane explains, a bad actor caught with small quantities of drugs can be sent to a drug-treatment program, but such programs aren't as readily available in cash-strapped counties.
Also growing in rural America is the poverty rate. Since the end of World War II, Americans living in rural counties have had a higher poverty rate than those living in concentrated urban areas. That divide is most prevalent in Appalachia, especially in the South.
As with the drug problem, social services are difficult for rural people in need to access, mostly because of geography: Many of the neediest families are hindered from accessing nutritional, health care or mental health services due to lack of public transportation or extreme weather conditions.
The ghosting of rural America did not happen overnight. The escalation of drugs has escalated incarceration; the de-escalation of opportunity has fed into both the former and the latter.
The industrialization of farming and the loss of manufacturing to both foreign countries and technological advances have stripped a very important cog in the wheel that makes the fabric of America.
It's no one's fault, and it is everyone's fault. It is as simple as that.
If rural America continues to diminish, all of America will diminish, because the countryside is as much a part of American's identity as New York City's skyscrapers and Silicon Valley's sprawling technology campuses. Rural America's deeply rooted cultural traditions, religiosity, music and history of storytelling, and its belief in the nobility of hard work that includes getting your hands dirty, all make up who we are in this country.
So how do we save rural America?
Subsidies from Washington aren't the answer — they just neutralize that rugged, self-reliant, innovative rural spirit.
A broader economic solution would be to provide incentives that attract entrepreneurs back to invest in their former hometowns, and to find civic leaders who understand we can't bring back an industry or a population that existed 50 years ago, but we can adjust to that shift in ways that make both economic and societal sense.
For decades, in an effort to right past wrongs and injustices for urban dwellers, our political class has ignored our sprawling rural population. That ignorance led to rural Americans becoming a cultural joke: They're slow and uneducated; they live in the past; their time has come and gone.
Our politics has been just as ignorant: To many Democrats, rural Americans are just bitter and deplorable; to many Republicans, they are just votes to be lulled by religion or false job-creation promises.
We cannot continue to allow poverty, drug abuse, decaying towns and economic collapse to be an acceptable part of rural America. We need to care more and innovate more, and we need to pay attention, or we will lose the people and the culture that have been the backbone and the fabric of everything our nation has done well since its very beginning.
Salena Zito is a CNN political analyst, and a staff reporter and columnist for the Washington Examiner. They reach the Everyman and Everywoman through shoe-leather journalism, traveling from Main Street to the beltway and all places in between. To find out more about Salena and read their past columns, please visit the Creators Syndicate webpage at www.creators.com.
COPYRIGHT 2017 CREATORS.COM
Confederate White Knights barred from holding rally in national park but group plans charm offensive in Pennsylvania town itself
A branch of the Ku Klux Klan forced by the US government shutdown to cancel a rally outside the civil war cemetery in Gettysburg on Saturday now pledges instead to gather in the historic town itself.
Wearing their infamous pointed white hoods and robes, the group is set to embark on a bizarre charm offensive by denouncing the traditional Klan tenet of white supremacy – talking instead of supporting soup kitchens and orphanages.
The Confederate White Knights of the Ku Klux Klan have been barred from holding a demonstration at the legendary civil war battlefield in the southern Pennsylvania town because the site is located within a national park. All US national parks have been closed since Tuesday.
But were it not for the government shutdown, the White Knights would be able to rally at the battlefield site with the permission of park rangers and the federal authorities by virtue of free speech rights.
Those rights, under the first amendment to the US constitution, now mean, however, that the group can rally in full Klan regalia in the small town of Gettysburg itself, provided they meet on public land.
The tiny Gettysburg police department has tried in vain to speak to Richard Preston, 48, the imperial wizard of the Confederate White Knights, about their plans for Saturday.
"If this goes ahead and they get to a point where they are affecting the quality of life here, that would be disorderly conduct. But just because you may find them offensive that does not make it illegal," said police chief Joe Dougherty.
Preston told the Guardian that their group were currently scouting for the most appropriate eligible site close to downtown, where they plan to espouse a fresh message.
"It's not about racism any more. That was in the 60s and 70s," they said.
Preston said they broke away from a larger Klan branch to form their own in a bid to dissociate themselves from white supremacy and neo-nazism.
"We are not claiming to be supreme. We are not supremacists; we are white separatists," they said, arguing that there should be tolerance though not free association between people of different racial backgrounds – as long as they are legal citizens and employed.
Their group's main grievances are directed at undocumented migrants and a desire to oust President Obama from office – on the basis of persistent extremist arguments that they are not a genuine American citizen.
A leading civil rights campaign body has warned that the rapid growth of extreme rightwing 'patriot' groups indicates increased risk of domestic terrorism on a scale not seen since the Oklahoma City bombing in 1995.
Gettysburg has fewer than 8,000 residents but attracts more than 2 million tourists annually to the site that 150 years ago hosted the civil war's pivotal and bloodiest battle – and President Lincoln's historic speech.
Preston will not reveal the size of their branch of the Klan. They said they have support from groups in Kentucky, Florida and Georgia.
They long to organise a KKK march down Pennsylvania Avenue to the White House, just like one they claim attracted 100,000 klansmen in the 1920s.
"We are growing constantly," they said.
They said the klan became too violent during the civil rights era but had a social conscience during the 1920s.
"We want to bring the good name back," they said.
Preston claimed the klan organised soup kitchens in the 20s and raised money to support orphanages – deeds they want them to revive.
To be a member of the Confederate White Knights of the KKK, however, the group specifies that alongside citizenship you must be white, straight and a Christian – without any criminal convictions for child molestation.
Preston admitted the group indulges in cross-burning.
In a report earlier this year the Southern Poverty Law Center, a civil rights pressure group, found that there are 1,360 so-called patriot groups in the US – defined as rightwing, conspiracy-minded, anti-government activist groups.
That number is up by 813% since 2008 and has reached an all-time high. In addition the SPLC records just over 1,000 specific hate groups in the US, including the Ku Klux Klan, which are also on the rise.
"We are living at a very worrying moment. The radical right is growing rapidly and it seems entirely possible that we will see another major domestic terrorist attack along the lines of the Oklahoma City bombing," said Mark Potok, a senior fellow at the SPLC, referring to the attack by white supremacist Timothy McVeigh in 1995 that killed 168.
Potok added that Preston's claims that their branch of the Klan is not racist are "absurd".
In this Sunday January. 11, 2015 photo, a Yazidi fighters stands guard next to a damaged flak jacket left by a fighter from the Islamic State group in Sinjar, northern Iraq.
About 300 Yazidi captives of Islamic State were executed by the Islamist group west of the ISIS-controlled city of Mosul in Iraq on Friday, Iraqi and Yazidi officials said, according to the BBC.
According to a statement released by the Yazidi Progress Party, the captives were killed in the Tal Afar district, near Mosul. Iraq's vice president, Osama al-Nujaifi, said the alleged massacre was "horrific and barbaric," BBC reported.
According to the BBC, if the reports of the massacre are true, it is unclear why they were killed.
The Yazidis, a religious minority group, are considered infidels by Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL. Since ISIS took over large swathes of Iraq, including the Yazidi district of Sinjar, hundreds of Yazidi men have been reportedly executed, and Yazidi women and children were reportedly sold as slaves.
In January, ISIS reportedly released some 350 Yazidi captives, delivering them to safety in the country's Kurdish north.
Almost all those released were elderly, disabled, or unwell, and included several infants with serious illnesses, according to a Reuters reporter who saw them arrive in the Kurdish-controlled city of Kirkuk.
The "Nyanpasu Matsuri Repeat na Non" event for the Non Non Biyori television anime announced on Sunday that a new original anime DVD (OAD) has been green-lit. The OAD will ship in a special edition for the 10th volume of Atto's original Non Non Biyori manga on September 23.
The manga takes place in the countryside, where the nearest bookstore is 20 minutes away by bicycle, a certain "Ju_p" magazine comes out on Wednesdays instead of Mondays, and the video rental store is 10 stations away. Hotaru Ichijō transfers from Tokyo to this school and readjusts to the slow life in the country. Them fellow schoolmates are Natsumi, Komari, Renge, and Komari's big brother Suguru in the third year of middle school.
The manga already inspired two television seasons (in 2013 and 2015) and an earlier original anime DVD. The first television series from director Shinya Kawatsura and anime studio SILVER LINK (WATAMOTE, Baka and Test - Summon the Beasts) premiered last year. Crunchyroll streamed both television seasons as they aired in Japan, and Sentai Filmworks licensed both for North American digital and home video release.
[Via Yaraon!]
Update: Typo fixed. Thanks, Grasser1
Wasim Akram was happy that there were no applications from foreign coaches for the vacancies in the PCB © Getty Images
The PCB's coach committee, comprising former captains Javed Miandad, Intikhab Alam and Wasim Akram, has made recommendations for the positions of head, batting and fielding coaches for the national side. There were no overseas applicants among the 25 that were received for the three posts. The committee has made two recommendations for each position as the board looks to find replacements for Dav Whatmore and fielding coach Julien Fountain in time for the forthcoming Asia Cup in Bangladesh. In November 2013, the PCB had decided not to extend Whatmore's contract as coach.
Mohammad Akram's contract as Pakistan's bowling coach has been extended by two years, beginning February 2014. Their previous contract, with a one-year tenure, had ended in August 2013 and Akram has been working on a monthly basis since then, due to uncertainty in the PCB leadership.
The PCB had advertised for the positions last month and constituted the coach committee to recommend names after evaluating the applications. The committee met at the Gaddafi Stadium, Lahore to select the probables and suggested the PCB take a final call on the selection.
"I am happy that no foreigner has applied for the job and it's not surprising at all," Akram said after the meeting. "We have been favouring foreign coaches in the past but it's time to promote our own coaches who have been working for long. Our recommendations are merely on the basis of merit and according to cricket sense, which eventually will prove beneficial for the country in the longer run."
ESPNcricinfo has learnt that Mohsin Khan and Waqar Younis are among the contenders for head coach.
Mohsin served as the interim coach for five months in 2011-12 and in this period Pakistan beat England 3-0 in the UAE. They were replaced by Whatmore in March 2012. Waqar was appointed coach of the national team in March 2010. Under their guidance, Pakistan reached the semi-finals of the World Twenty20 in West Indies and won the Test and ODI series in New Zealand. Waqar's time as coach was checkered by the spot-fixing controversy and Zulqarnain Haider's move to England after receiving death threats.
In the past, Pakistan was coached by former players until Richard Pybus took over as the first foreign coach in 1999. Since then, Bob Woolmer, Geoff Lawson, Whatmore and Fountain have served coaching roles.
Umar Farooq is ESPNcricinfo's Pakistan correspondent. They tweet here
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
Description
Welcome to the Largest McDonald's tycoon out there! Prepare yourselves with some endless fun and 178 buttons to play with! Very smooth game, Mobile, and PC compatible! If Gamepasses aren't working please try rejoining the game, and if it's still not, message me and I will fix it! P.S - This game is nearly brand new and was just released! So please expect bugs and other glitches! If you find any glitches or bugs, please report it to me immediately ! UPDATES: - Added new Mega Dropper 2 - Increased the upgraders earning when drops passes by - Made the game more fast paced, because the income was too slow and boring Join my group ROBLOX group to catch up on some updates and other stuff! - https://www.roblox.com/My/Groups.aspx?gid=3231526 Subscribe to be YouTube! - https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0lviJ_WIvHEnirzVaFhPdw
Chicago police identified the toddler whose body was found dismembered in the Garfield Park Lagoon in September as a missing Rockford toddler. (Published Wednesday, Nov. 4, 2015)
After a lengthy investigation, Chicago police identified the child whose body parts were found in the Garfield Park Lagoon in September as missing Rockford toddler Kyrian Knox.
The boy was identified through DNA testing, Chicago Police spokesperson Anthony Guglielmi said Wednesday.
Police Investigate Possible Connection Between Missing Rockford Boy and Remains Found in Lagoon
Police are investigating whether a 2-year-old boy who went missing in Rockford in mid-August is connected to the remains of a toddler found in the Garfield Park lagoon earlier this month. NBC 5's Anthony Ponce reports. (Published Wednesday, Sept. 23, 2015)
Police took DNA samples from Lanisha Knox, the mother of 2-year-old Kyrian Knox, who was reported missing from Rockford earlier in September, according to Rockford Police Assistant Deputy Chief Patrick Hoey.
Kyrian's mother, Lanisha Knox, said they left their son with their best friend's family in Rockford on Aug. 18, and the family agreed to watch them for two weeks while they started a new job. Knox has not seen Kyrian since they dropped them off.
Photo credit: Chicago Police
The details surrounding Kyrian's disappearance are under investigation, but Hoey said there is no evidence they were abducted, adding that the disappearance did not meet the criteria for an Amber Alert.
Knox said they made repeated attempts in early September to go to Rockford to pick Kyrian up, but the family who was watching them always made an excuse about why it wasn't good timing.
"At this point, I don't trust anyone and I do feel like somebody knows something and they're not saying anything," Knox said.
In September, authorities found several body parts belonging to a toddler in Chicago's Garfield Park lagoon. Police said they recovered two feet, two hands and a head, all belonging to a child. A 20-pound weight was also found near the body parts, but it has not been determined if the weight is related to the discovery.
City of London Police's Intellectual Property Unit has been making waves recently against so-called 'pirate' websites but its current funding is only a temporary arrangement. In an effort to remove uncertainty, the Prime Minister's Intellectual Property Advisor is calling on their boss to commit to the permanent funding of the unit to extend its existence beyond 2015.
Last summer it became evident that police in the UK would be taking a greater interest in the activities of torrent, streaming and other sharing sites. Announcing the creation of the Police Intellectual Property Crime Unit (PIPCU), last year City of London Police said that sites would be pressured to step into line, close, or face the consequences.
The unit, which has already claimed the scalps of several smaller domains, including the forced shutdown last week of a handful of sports-stream related sites, has been active on various fronts. In addition to putting registrars under pressure to close domains, the unit is also working with advertisers in an attempt to cut off advertising revenue.
PIPCU is good news for rightsholders in several ways, not least since the anti-piracy battles of groups such as the BPI and FACT are now being partly financed by the UK taxpayer. PIPCU is currently funded by the Department for Business, Innovation & Skills' Intellectual Property Office, to the tune of £2.56m over two years.
The funding, which was allocated on a temporary basis, will expire in 2015 if the government doesn't allocate additional finances. It could fall back into private hands, but that would mean a significant loss of ‘clout' for the companies relying on PIPCU's authority. However, if the UK Prime Minister's Intellectual Property Adviser has anything to do with it, that won't happen.
In a letter to David Cameron and Home Secretary Theresa May, Mike Weatherley MP praised the “excellent work” of PIPCU and urged the funding of the unit on a permanent basis.
“I appreciate that funding for this new unit is not permanent. However, I would like to put on record my support for committing future funding to fighting IP crime and boosting the current level of financial support that is available for PIPCU,” Weatherley wrote. “As I am sure that you are aware, the creative industries add over £70 billion to our economy each year and so it really is in our national interest to protect that revenue.”
As previously reported, PIPCU is currently focusing on cutting off ad revenue to ‘pirate' sites. Speaking to fellow Conservatives, Weatherley said if that could be done the effects would be dramatic.
“If we stop advertisers from shoveling money into illegal sites, we can stop a lot of the content. Possibly as much as 95 per cent according to the newly formed national Police Intellectual Property Crime Unit (PIPCU),” Weatherley said.
“If you value the NHS [National Health Service], you should also value IP and our creative industries, as together they help pay for the services in this country that we all cherish. If we take the wrong approach, national services that we take for granted will have a huge budget shortfall.”
There are currently no formal indications that PIPCU will get the permanent funding it needs to continue its work but considering the backing it has among the music and movie industries (not to mention the Prime Minister's top IP advisor) it seems unthinkable that a couple of millions a year won't be found from somewhere.
Over the past few days, Vancouver's skyline from False Creek has been decorated with the flags of the 16 countries participating in this weekend's World Rugby Sevens Series tournament.
B.C. Place Stadium's iconic Northern Lights exterior lighting system has been glowing brightly with the flags of the participating nations since Monday, and the display will continue daily until Sunday evening. Each day, stadium operators will turn on the lights in the morning from 6 a.m. to sunrise then again in the evening from sunset to 11 p.m.
[am2_see_also]
The stadium's exterior lighting system is frequently turned on for B.C. Lions and Whitecaps home games, concerts, special events and occasions, and holidays.
Excitement in the city for the tournament has been building up for weeks, but it is not a one-off as the two-day event will return each year for the next three years. This is Vancouver's inaugural year as one of the annual stops for the global tournament, joining four other new host cities including Cape Town, Paris, Singapore, and Sydney.
Over 56,000 tickets for the two-day tournament were sold out on February 25, with capacity capped at 28,000 seats by only using the lower bowl. Due to high demand, another 5,000 seats were released earlier this week, increasing the tournament's configuration capacity to 33,000.
#bcplace, three weeks late for #flagday #rugby #canadasevens #vancouver #explorebc A photo posted by Eoin Coll (@epcoll) on Mar 9, 2016 at 9:40pm PST
Flags at BC Place… #Vancouver #bcplacestadium A photo posted by Pepe Mújica (@pp_mujica) on Mar 8, 2016 at 9:36pm PST
By A.J. Drenth
Seekers have always been with us. The seeker archetype is a perennial feature in literature and religious stories, which depict individuals questing for love, adventure, redemption, enlightenment, and the like.1 Even in our present age, the triumphs of science and technology have done little to quench the seeker's thirst for a better life. While our knowledge continues to expand at unprecedented rates, this has not consistently translated into greater life wisdom. Although seekers may appreciate the freedoms and possibilities furnished by modern life, many struggle to find their way amid a sea of options. In short, 21st-century seekerhood is at once thrilling and overwhelming.
In the dialogue that follows, I hope to cast more light on the psychology and existential predicament of the modern seeker:
Non-Seeker (NS): The first question I have to ask you is why you always seem so restless and dissatisfied. Instead of finding contentment with life, you seem to exhibit a “grass is always greener elsewhere” mentality.
Seeker (S): Okay, I totally understand your concerns. But before we jump to too many conclusions, would you kindly grant me the opportunity to explain where seekers are coming from?
NS: Of course.
S: Great. Human beings can be roughly divided into two camps: those who prefer stability and consistency and those enticed by the novel and unfamiliar. I would consider you to be part of the first camp and myself the second. Since you are already well-acquainted with your own outlook, I'll try to shed some light on mine. We seekers relish the feeling or experience associated with anticipating what might come next in our lives. This attitude is often paired with the belief that life is in many respects unpredictable and full of surprises. In short, we conceive life as pregnant with possibilities. We also believe that remaining open to these possibilities will increase the likelihood of novel and interesting experiences.
NS: Let me see if I understand you correctly. You are seeking a certain type of feeling (e.g., intrigue, mystery, excitement) that emerges from novel or unforeseen experiences. This is most apt to occur when one remains open to new ideas, people, or possibilities. Thus, your apparent dissatisfaction with the here and now relates to your concern for what might happen next or at some point in the future.
S: That's right.
NS: One potential criticism of this approach is it seems to lack depth, substance, and durability. Doesn't it trouble you, for instance, that the novelty of things always wears off and often does so quite quickly? Or perhaps I'm missing something. Maybe you are seeking something beyond short bursts of novelty or pleasure, some sort of goal or ideal?
S: Excellent questions. There is certainly a sense in which a future-oriented mindset can translate into an emotional rollercoaster, that is, a life marked by extreme highs and lows. And because emotional lows are quite unpleasant, many people (seekers included) look forward to a time when their lives will be more stable and their happiness more consistent. They often envision this occurring upon the discovery of their true passion, soulmate, or ideal career.
NS: Your remarks are both interesting and a bit confusing. Do seekers really want stability or is this just an illusion? Or perhaps a better question is this: Are they ever likely to find true and lasting contentment or do most remain seekers forever?
S: At least at some point in their lives, seekers do in fact want something more permanent, something they can rely on and invest in. They ultimately hope to commit themselves to someone or something. Whether doing so will make them happier or more satisfied in the long run is an entirely different question.
NS: Perhaps it boils down to whether or not the seeker's personality is subject to significant change over time.
S: Good point. If the notion of “once a seeker, always a seeker” is true, then increased stability or commitment may actually prove problematic. However if their core personality changes or moderates with time, then more commitment or stability may eventually be welcomed by the seeker.
NS: I suppose this is similar to other debates, such as whether individuals prone to infidelity can ever find contentment in a long-term, monogamous relationship.
S: That's right. And what we often find is that such individuals aren't wholly satisfied with either monogamy or singlehood. Instead, they want the best of both worlds: the emotional support and friendship of a long-term relationship and the novelty and excitement of non-monogamy.
NS: Perhaps seekers are similar, searching for the right mix of novelty and stability.
S: Indeed. While it is easy for us to talk about novelty and stability in an “either-or” fashion, the truth is we all want some measure of both. Thus, all we can accurately say is that seekers generally prefer more change or novelty than non-seekers. On the Big Five personality taxonomies, seekers are apt to score higher in extraversion and openness as well as lower in conscientiousness. On the Myers-Briggs, they often prefer extraversion (E), intuition (N), and perceiving (P). These personality preferences can be associated with a proclivity for open-ended seeking and exploration.
NS: Do you think seekers are better off embracing their seeking tendencies or trying to outgrow / overcome them?
S: Again, there are too many variables involved here to provide a simple answer. One thing we must acknowledge is there are numerous ways of experiencing both stability and novelty. For instance, a seeker might have a relatively stable career but markedly less stability in their relationships. Thus, instead of talking about outgrowing seeking generally, we might want to focus on specific areas and consider their impact on overall life satisfaction.
NS: Are seekers concerned about having a guiding principle or ethic for living?
S: Of course. In fact, for many seekers, clarifying their core values or “philosophy of life” is their foremost concern. They feel that getting a clearer sense of who they are and what they believe is central to their quest. This ties into your earlier question about seekers living an empty or superficial life. Namely, there is a real part of the seeker that strives for substantive ideals and principles, including developing a clear identity, worldview, and life purpose. However, this understanding rarely comes easily due to seekers' propensity for doubt and indecision, as well as their openness to alternatives.
NS: Do seekers ever worry that life might pass them by before they manage to wholeheartedly commit to something substantial?
S: Undoubtedly. This concern is worsened by the fact that most cultures don't consider seeking an honorable profession in life, especially in the long-term. Presumably, it is too difficult to maintain a productive and structured society if individuals are encouraged to act in consistently unpredictable ways. These social forces may pressure seekers to stop experimenting and to embrace a more conventional role or lifestyle.
NS: Can you tell me more about how seekers might combine stability or commitment with their seeking endeavors?
S: Sure. All seekers prefer to establish at least some measure of grounding which can take any number of forms. Many seek social / emotional grounding through friendships or romantic relationships. Most also work to establish some form of material grounding, such as having a regular job and residence. Finally, seekers strive for psychological, moral, or spiritual grounding through the clarification of their beliefs, values, and principles. Having these foundations in place, however minimal, provides the stability they need to operate optimally as seekers.
NS: Does the type of grounding a seeker focuses on relate to their or their personality type?
S: In some respects, yes. All human beings need a minimal level of physical (S), ideational (N), social / emotional (F), and logical (T) grounding as a prerequisite for psychological wholeness. With that said, it is always the inferior function that we are most concerned with losing contact with. We are thus compelled to invest ample time and energy, even unwittingly, to ensure the inferior's basic needs are met. In specific regard to the seeker personality types (predominantly NPs), the ENFP and ENTP types are careful to ground themselves in their inferior function, Introverted Sensing (Si), by connecting with established traditions (e.g., religion) or their physical body (e.g., yoga, meditation). ENPs may also develop certain routines or habits that provide a sense of grounding and regularity in their lives. The INTP type, whose inferior function is Extraverted Feeling (Fe), typically works to preserve a minimal level of social support, often through a romantic partnership, as a safeguard against F estrangement. Finally, the INFP strives to remain connected to Extraverted Thinking (Te) through their career activities or by working to impose some measure of order or organization on their life and surroundings.
NS: Very interesting. While in some respects I feel we've only scratched the surface of this topic, I think you've offered a number of insights and observations for me to chew on.
S: I'm glad you enjoyed our discussion. Let's talk again soon and see if there's more we can uncover.
Learn More about NP Types in Our eBooks
My True Type: Clarifying Your Personality Type, Preferences & Functions
The 16 Personality Types: Profiles, Theory & Type Development
The INTP: Personality, Careers, Relationships & the Quest for Truth and Meaning
The INTP Quest: INTPs' Search for their Core Self, Purpose, & Philosophy
Related Posts
INTP & INFP Seekers and Creatives
The Creative Life: Insights for NP Types
Finding Purpose in Modern Life: Personality, Faith & Knowledge
Notes
Erika Burch took this picture of the girl being dragged by their hair
Police are investigating a shocking case of child cruelty in which a father appears to be dragging their daughter around a supermarket with their hair tied to a trolley.
They continued with their shopping despite the girl begging for them to stop and other shoppers telling them to let them free.
Donald Trump's ex-fixer Michael Cohen banned from working as lawyer
Erika Burch took pictures of the incident and uploaded them to Facebook while police at a branch of Walmart in Cleveland, Ohio, have said they are investigating.
Erika wrote: ‘He had their hair wrapped around the buggy dragging her!  They are begging them to stop! They were saying “Please stop, I promise I wont do it again please stop!”
The girl was heard begging the man to stop (Picture: Erika Burch)
They continued to walk around the supermarket despite other people asking them to stop (Picture: Erika Burch)
‘I took my phone out snapped pictures and then told them to let the little girls hair go! They told me to mind my own business! I said no im not! Right now this little girl is my business and you need to let their hair go now! They said “I grew up just fine!”.'
Stinky couple who smelt like vomit, BO and feet break into family's house to shower
They said that a police officer at the scene would not intervene because none of the girl's hair was missing and there were no signs of bruising.
Advertisement
Advertisement
They claimed that the officer said ‘he has the right to discipline their children'.
However Cleveland Police Department later posted on Facebook to say that they were investigating
The Cleveland Police Department has received numerous calls in regards to a child having their hair pulled last night at… Posted by Cleveland Police Department on Tuesday, September 20, 2016
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video
The New York Red Bulls, to paraphrase Rodney Dangerfield, get no respect. Unbeaten since July 3 and primed to make the playoffs for a seventh straight season, the Red Bulls boast two MVP candidates this season in forward Bradley Wright-Phillips and midfielder Sacha Kljestan. But while Wright-Phillips (leading the league with 20 goals) and Kljestan (an All-Star selection who paces MLS with 16 assists) are bona fide stars, they sure don't get treated like ones. Especially not from the referees in the league. Wright-Phillips has been fouled 32 times this season and Kljestan a scant 30 times, ridiculously low numbers in a league that protects its star players. Simple math determines that Wright-Phillips and Kljestan have been fouled a combined 62 times this season. That combined tally isn't even as much as some of the league's bigger names who are protected by the referees. Recommended Slideshows 4 Pictures PHOTOS: Singapore's treasures star in NY Botanical Garden's 2019 Orchid Show 4 Pictures 36 Pictures Oscars 2019: Red carpet looks and full list of winners 36 Pictures 36 Pictures All of these celebrities have had their nudes leaked 36 Pictures More picture galleries 16 Pictures These photos of Trump and Ivanka will make you deeply uncomfortable 16 Pictures 4 Pictures Inside Brooklyn's Teknopolis is tech that makes us more human 4 Pictures 4 Pictures Inside The Strand's Fight Against Being Named a New York City Landmark 4 Pictures That 62 fouls suffered number is less than FC Dallas' Mauro Diaz (68 fouls suffered), New York City FC's David Villa (65 fouls suffered), Toronto FC's Sebastian Giovionco (63 fouls suffered) and Sporting Kansas City's Dom Dwyer (63 fouls suffered). It is a staggeringly low number given that Wright-Phillips is a legitimate star, having tied the single-season goal scoring record of 27 goals two seasons ago and is the first player in league history with two seasons of 20 goals. And yet they continue to get dragged down and fouled without so much as a whistle. “The 12-to-1 foul count in the second half of the Toronto game was alarming. With that said, we don't look solely at a specific game or situation, we're looking at data from 30 games this season, and the numbers are staggering,” Red Bulls sporting director Ali Curtis told Metro exclusively. “We try to measure every event that occurs in our environment and during games so that we can draw conclusions, learn andconfirm opinions. I think we have to take a long look and ask why these two playershave suffered a significantly less number of fouls than other key players on top teams around the league thatplay similar roles for their teams and have had similarsuccess." Kljestan's return to the United States national team in recent weeks plus their All-Star form should see them get star treatment. Instead, they like Wright-Phillips often fails to get equal treatment or a call. Related Articles The Muddled History of How the Margarita Was Invented Everything you need to know about Alamo Drafthouse Brooklyn English FA Cup Manchester United Chelsea free live stream, watch online Consider that Philadelphia Union midfielder Tranquillo Barnetta (60 fouls suffered in 2,103 minutes played) has double the number of whistles called for them as Kljestan in 2,265 minutes played and the discrepancy is clear.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Li Dongsheng was appointed vice-minister of public security in 2009
China's former deputy national police chief Li Dongsheng has been jailed for 15 years for corruption offences, according to state media.
Li had ties to Zhou Yongkang, jailed for life in June in one of China's biggest ever corruption scandals.
The sentence was reported on an official China Central Television social media account.
The former deputy security minister stood accused of taking nearly 22m yuan ($3.3m; £2.3m) in bribes.
They were also accused of abuse of power in positions they held between 1996 and 2013, according to state media reports at the time.
Image copyright Reuters
Li was formally sacked in February last year, after coming under investigation, along with several other former associates of Zhou Yongkang.
Zhou served as China's security chief before retiring in 2012.
The former politician - one of the most senior in China - was convicted of a series of corruption charges, including bribery, abuse of power and leaking state secrets.
Demonised and hounded off screen on its release, Salt of the Earth, released in almost impossible circumstances 60 years ago, has a strong claim to being the most ambitious American film ever made. According to its director Herbert J Biberman and screenwriter Michael Wilson, it was the "first feature film ever made in [the US] of labour, by labour, and for labour". More than that, it was "a film that does not tolerate minorities but celebrates their greatness".
Biberman, Wilson and producer Paul Jarrico had all been exiled from Hollywood for their politics. Biberman had worked in theatres in Moscow and co-founded the Hollywood Anti-Nazi League before being jailed for six months for refusing to testify before the House Committee on Un-American Activities; Jarrico believed that Marx "had a lot to contribute to an understanding of society and history". Forming the Independent Productions Corporation with other blacklistees, and eager to tell "stories drawn from the living experience of people long ignored in Hollywood – the working men and women of America", they headed to New Mexico to make a film based on a recent strike by Chicano labourers against the Empire Zinc Company.
There they teamed up with the International Union of Mine, Mill and Smelter Workers that, on account of its radicalism, had recently been kicked out of the American equivalent of the TUC. Their film featured only five professional actors; the rest were locals. It focuses on Ramon Quintero (Juan Chacón), a strike organiser whose progressive beliefs don't extend to the family home. Gradually their wife Esperanza (Rosaura Revueltas), pregnant with their third child, begins to assert herself, and becomes instrumental in encouraging other local women to join the picket line and fight the bullying tactics of factory bosses and corrupt police.
Salt of the Earth has a powerful and often lyrical script, is shot in a style informed by Italian neorealism, and makes atmospheric use of New Mexico's landscapes. It's a rousing tribute to its subjects' fight not only for economic parity with Anglo workers, but for racial justice and an acknowledgement, as Esperanza says, that "our roots go deep in this place, deeper than the pines, deeper than the mine shaft".
It also treated, uniquely for the time it was made, questions of race and class as inseparable from those of gender. This annoyed some union leaders, such as the Longshoremen's Harry Bridges: "Why did you have to bring in the woman question? Why couldn't you have made a straight film?" But later, in the 1970s, it would be praised by the feminist critic Ruth McCormick for its unrivalled attention to "the issue of women's liberation – from the politics of housework to the myth of male supremacy".
Equally unusual is the emphasis the makers of Salt of the Earth placed on working collaboratively with the men and women they depicted. Wilson discussed their screenplay with around 400 locals at public meetings. They told them not to engage in "Hollywood shenanigans", that they didn't want to see stereotypical depictions of Mexican promiscuity and alcoholism, and that the enemy had to be portrayed "not so much as persons but as a force".
The film proved to be an exercise in solidarity as much as a manifesto for the importance of solidarity. In their 1965 memoir, Biberman discusses the early stages of the production in near-utopian terms: "For three weeks we tasted America. For three full weeks a neighbourly, democratic way of life began to shine through a community of many cultures, races, classes and conditions of living. The community was moving toward peace and security. It was actually on the verge of becoming a community."
Soon however, a writer at the Hollywood Reporter began to raise a stink, claiming that the film was propaganda that endangered production at New Mexico's zinc mines and, as a result, the US's Korean war effort. The Californian politician Donald Jackson told Congress that the film was "a new weapon for Russia", "deliberately designed to inflame racial hatreds and to depict the United States of America as the enemy of all coloured peoples".
Almost immediately, shooting on the film became hazardous. Mobs of vigilantes descended on the set, knocking over cameras, assaulting members of the cast and crew and telling them to leave town or be carried out in black boxes. They played noisy music over loudspeakers, shot bullets into the unoccupied car of one of the actors and burned down the home of another. There was collusion from officials: Revueltas was deported as an illegal alien before filming was completed.
Post-production was no easier. Laboratories refused to process the film. Editing was carried out in secret and at many venues, including, at one stage, the ladies room of an abandoned movie theatre in South Pasadena. Later, after Barton Hayes had quit as chief editor, it was revealed that he'd been in the pay of the FBI. None of the orchestra players who performed the film's music were told the name of the project they were working on. Even when the film was finally completed only one LA newspaper ran ads for it, exhibitors were threatened with economic and physical reprisals if they booked it, and – in an especially bitter irony – the Projectionists Union refused to run it.
In later years, producer Jarrico would tell interviewers that Salt of the Earth was the only American film to get an official release in China between 1950 and 1979. It had a warm reception in Mexico and eastern Europe, but in America it circulated mostly covertly. Labour historian Daniel Walkowitz, whose parents were communists and who describes themselves as a "red diaper baby", was nine when they saw it in the late 1950s: "There were underground networks for film then and it was screened to a group of progressives through the party. It gave the lie to the reduction of communism to Stalinism. It was a powerful representation of the agency of working-class people, showing what had been and what could be possible. It was easily 20 to 25 years ahead of its time."
While the film remains talismanic for certain sections of the American left, it has largely been forgotten by cinephiles, many of whom would likely deem it insufficiently self-reflexive, too partisan, too much like agitprop. That's a view with which John Gianvito, American director of acclaimed essay films such as Profit Motive and the Whispering Wind, has no truck: "To agitate emotions and propagate thoughts is a valuable service."
Gianvito contrasts the film with another film from 1954 – On the Waterfront – which was directed by Elia Kazan, who testified at the communist trials, and which portrayed unions in a dismal light. "Today American women make 81 cents for every dollar American men do. Only 11.3% of US workers belong to a union. Unions have been discredited and made to seem a dirty word, rather than as a noble and necessary endeavour on the road to social justice and equality. Salt of the Earth has humour, genuine feeling and great sincerity: it's a film about hope."
• Salt of the Earth is being shown at the ICA, London SW1 on 12 March at 6.30.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Afghan security used explosives to reach the TV station attackers
An Afghan television station has returned to air just hours after an attack by militants left at least one staff member dead.
Gunmen disguised as police officers stormed the Shamshad TV building in the Afghan capital Kabul.
So-called Islamic State later said it was behind the attack.
But soon after Afghan security forces brought the raid under control, a Shamshad anchor was back on the channel, reporting on the assault.
At least three attackers were involved, armed with guns and grenades. The station said one blew themselves up at the entrance gate while another went up to the roof to fire at security forces.
Staff were trapped inside, with some jumping out of windows and others escaping through a neighbouring building. Normal programmes were replaced with a still image.
Special forces had to blast their way through a wall protecting the station to enter.
'An attack on freedom'
A security guard has been confirmed killed and 20 people wounded.
The mother of a female journalist at the station told the BBC they had received no news of their daughter, hours after the attack.
One of the news presenters, with their hand bandaged from cutting themselves on broken glass, gave details of the assault to viewers.
"We have all come back [to work], all our journalists and colleagues are back on duty," they said.
Skip Twitter post by @HabibKhanT Afghan resilience: This anchor got injured on the Islamic State attack on Shamshad TV, now they are back on their show, discussing the attack. pic.twitter.com/Sb5h0nb5yW — Habib Khan Totakhil (@HabibKhanT) November 7, 2017 Report
"This is an attack on freedom of media but they cannot silence us," the station's news director Abid Ehsas told another outlet, Tolo News.
Shamshad TV broadcasts a wide variety of programmes including news and current affairs in the Pashto language. It is one of the BBC's partner stations.
Kabul has been targeted repeatedly in recent months by the Taliban and IS.
The threat to journalists
Afghanistan is one of the world's most dangerous countries for journalists and media workers.
The first six months of 2017 saw a surge in violence against journalists, with local monitor the Afghan Journalists Safety Committee recording 73 cases, an increase of 35% in comparison to the same period in 2016.
ATLANTA — About five minutes after the Warriors' 102-92 victory over the Hawks on Monday night, Draymond Green made their way to the visitors' locker room.
Waiting for Green at the door was Anderson Varejao — all 6-foot-10 and 273 pounds of him, full of dap and praise.
Varejao just kept standing at the door, waiting another 10 minutes as their new teammates mocked the seemingly curious act.
When Stephen Curry finally arrived at the locker room, Varejao was still at the door and ready with a similar greeting for the point guard.
With all of the Warriors in the locker room and having been congratulated on win No. 50, Varejao felt it was finally OK to sit.
Back to Gallery Warriors' Anderson Varejao already fitting in with new... 5 1 of 5 Photos: Michael Conroy, Associated Press 2 of 5 Photos: Mike Cardew, McClatchy-Tribune News Service 3 of 5 Photos: Matt Slocum, Associated Press 4 of 5 Photos: Tony Dejak, Associated Press 5 of 5 Photos: Tony Dejak, Associated Press
“You've got to respect that,” Green said.
Varejao hasn't played a second for the Warriors yet, and he's already had a positive impact on the league's best team.
“Everybody loves him,” Warriors head coach Steve Kerr said. “... He'll be great in our locker room, and he'll get a chance to play.”
The 33-year-old is expected to play as soon as Wednesday, when the Warriors face Miami in the fourth game of a six-game road trip. It will have been nearly a week since a whirlwind started in Varejao's life and surprisingly came to a calm in the Warriors' locker room.
Varejao was traded by Cleveland, the only team they had ever known in 11½ NBA seasons, to Portland in a three-team deal Thursday. They did not fly to Portland, which cut them after making the deal mainly to receive draft picks.
The center cleared waivers Saturday and considered offers from a series of playoff-bound teams in the Western Conference. On Sunday, they chose the Warriors. On Monday, they passed their physical and signed their veteran's minimum contract. On Tuesday, they practiced with their new team for the first time.
“It's kind of crazy, the way everything happened,” Varejao said. “I was at home and didn't know what was going to happen to me. All of a sudden, I'm here. I'm very excited to be here. I'm very excited about the opportunity. …
“I have another run to try to win a championship.”
Varejao averaged 7.6 points and 7.5 rebounds in 25 minutes per game with the Cavaliers and made NBA Finals runs with the team in 2007 and 2015. Cleveland was swept by San Antonio in 2007 and lost 4-2 to the Warriors in 2015.
Varejao sat out the 2015 NBA Finals after having surgery to repair a torn left Achilles tendon. They were averaging career lows in points (2.6), rebounds (2.9) and minutes (10.0) this season and had averaged only 34.4 games per season from 2010 through '15.
But with backup center Festus Ezeli expected to be recovering from left knee surgery until at least mid-March and starting center Andrew Bogut dealing with an achy Achilles, the Warriors see a good fit in Varejao.
“It's a great pickup for us,” Bogut said. “Obviously, he's a utility guy, like myself. Off the bench, they can handle the ball, pass and do all of the little things that get extra shots for us. He's going to be invaluable for us, especially down the stretch.”
Varejao expends more energy during pregame layup lines than some players do in 48 minutes of game action. Their passing ability and court vision should mesh with the Warriors' heavy ball- and player-moving offense.
“I'm very excited,” Varejao said. “I haven't played a lot this season, and I like the system here. I like the way they play. I know the 20-something games we have left are going to be important for me to get ready for the playoffs.
“I'm excited. I can't wait for that opportunity.”
Whenever the Warriors need him, he'll be waiting at the door.
Rusty Simmons is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. E-mail: rsimmons@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @Rusty_SFChron
Three years after a proposed housing development on Maybell Avenue stoked a revolt in Palo Alto's Barron Park neighborhood, a new plan to build housing on the former orchard site is on the verge of winning the city's approval.
In a remarkable turnaround, the same people who led the campaign to kill the 72-unit housing proposal in 2013 are now urging the city to swiftly approve the new development. Buoyed by community's support, the new developer scored a big victory on Wednesday night, when the Planning and Transportation Commission endorsed the project.
The differences between the new project and the one that won the council's approval in 2013, only to be overturned in a citywide referendum, are significant. The original proposal from the Palo Alto Housing Corporation called for a 60-unit apartment building for low-income seniors and 12 single-family homes along the perimeter of the site, near the intersection of Maybell and Clemo avenues.
The new proposal from Golden Gate Homes would bring 16 homes to the 2.46-acre property, with the only access point for vehicles coming on the Clemo side.
Ted O'Hanlon, consulting project manager for Golden Gate Homes, stressed at the Wednesday hearing that the project had been thoroughly vetted and ultimately embraced by the community. Since Golden Gate Homes bought the property in 2014, it has gradually reduced the number of units proposed from the initial 30, to 23, to the current 16, they said.
O'Hanlon told the commission that the firm took a "great leap" to limit the number of homes, given the city's astronomical housing costs. The city's zoning code, they noted, could have allowed up to 40 units.
"Golden Gate Homes is taking on a significant amount of risk to continue to reduce density," O'Hanlon said.
But the less-dense development, as well as Golden Gate's decision not to create a driveway onto Maybell, succeeded in winning neighborhood support, with more than 230 people signing an online petition in favor of the project and several dozen attending Wednesday's hearing. Some wore green stickers with "16 Homes, Maybell Safety" on them.
Residents also rallied to oppose a recommendation from city staff that the development include a pedestrian and bicycle path from its interior to Maybell. Many echoed the developer's argument that the path would get little to no use, a position at odds with that of the city's transportation staff.
Joe Hirsch, one of the founding members of the citizens group Palo Altans for Sensible Zoning, pointed to the level of community support and urged the commission to approve the project.
"It's clear that the vast majority of people in the Maybell neighborhood and elsewhere in Palo Alto support Golden Gate Homes' current plan," Hirsch said.
Terry Holzemer, who opposed the prior Maybell plan, joined Hirsch in praising the developer's efforts to work with the residents to design a project palatable to all.
"We have a lot to learn from what Golden Gate Homes has done here, and I hope other developers can find the same path they found, which is working with the community directly, especially those that are most affected," Holzemer said.
The only speaker on Wednesday who opposed the project was resident David Moss. They noted that the City Council often talks about the city's "severe housing shortage."
"The idea that we went from 30 units to 23 to 16 is absolutely the opposite direction from what the City Council dictated that we need to go," Moss said. "I just don't understand how we can get away with that."
The commission also heaped praise on Golden Gate Homes for winning community support and, in a concession to the developer, agreed to remove the requirement for the pedestrian path.
Joshuah Mello, the city's chief transportation official, spoke out in favor of the path, and told the commission that staff has been consistently encouraging the applicant to provide residents with access to both Clemo and Maybell and that a pedestrian path was the "minimum amount of access" that staff would support.
Without the path, they said, some of the residents in the development would have to walk about 440 feet to get to Maybell, which they said was "not a trivial addition to walking distance."
The path, they said, is consistent with the city's broader effort to shift people from driving to other modes of transportation.
"Every little bit of distance could discourage someone from taking transit, or walking to Walgreens or taking future transit along El Camino," Mello said.
The commission didn't feel as strongly about the path and, after some debate, recommended approving the application without the amenity. Commissioner Michael Alcheck said that while they believe there is value in these types of connections, in this case they would prefer to defer to the developer. Alcheck also said that they hope, as the city moves forward, that the real takeaway is how the developer demonstrated "new ways to work with the community to create greater housing density in other locations."
Commissioner Asher Waldfogel concurred that while pedestrian connectivity is "a really great idea," the overwhelming sentiments in the community should be respected.
"If you live by the sword, you die by the sword. ... Once you construct a process, you just have to take this process where it goes," Waldfogel said.
The commission's recommendation will be forwarded to the City Council, which will make the final decision on the site map for the proposed development.
---
Follow the Palo Alto Weekly/Palo Alto Online on Twitter @PaloAltoWeekly and Facebook for breaking news, local events, photos, videos and more.
Although St. Louis's 67-66 record puts them 5.0 games out of a Wild Card berth, our projections continue to give them a still-realistic 13.0% chance at cracking the playoffs due to the talent on their roster. Mike Leake wasn't helping much, as the veteran righty had allowed at least four runs in each of their last four starts, yielding a protuberant 10.24 ERA. St. Louis had apparently seen enough, trading Leake to Seattle. In their place, they've called up top prospect Jack Flaherty to make their major-league debut tonight at San Francisco. Flaherty ranked No. 57 on Eric Longenhagen's updated top-100 list.
Flaherty was nothing short of excellent in the minors this year, pitching to a stellar 2.18 ERA in 25 starts between Double-A and Triple-A. Most impressively, they struck out 25% of opposing batters while walking just 6%. If you're looking for a nit to pick, it's that Flaherty isn't much of a ground-ball pitcher and, largely as a result, was a little homer-prone in their 15 Triple-A starts. But otherwise, their recent minor-league track record is impeccable.
Flaherty's performance has been great, but their age makes their profile really pop. Just 21 years old, he'll become the third-youngest major-league pitcher this year, edged out only by Julio Urias and Francis Martes. Flaherty's even younger than many of the players drafted two months ago, including Kyle Wright, David Peterson, Logan Warmoth and Alex Lange. Very few 21-year-olds are capable of pitching as effectively as Flaherty has.
My KATOH system pegs Flaherty for 8.1 WAR over their first six seasons by the stats-only method and 8.4 WAR by KATOH+, which incorporates their Baseball America ranking. The latter puts them No. 29 overall and No. 5 among pitching prospects.
To put some faces to Flaherty's statistical profile, let's generate some statistical comps. I calculated a Mahalanobis distance between Flaherty's Triple-A performance and every Triple-A season since 1991. In the table below, you'll find the 10 most similar seasons, ranked from most to least similar. The WAR totals refer to each player's first six seasons in the major leagues. Please note that the Mahalanobis analysis is separate from KATOH. KATOH relies on macro-level trends, rather than comps. The fates of a few statistically similar players shouldn't be used to draw sweeping conclusions about a prospect's future. For this reason, I recommend using a player's KATOH forecast to assess their future potential. The comps give us some interesting names that sometimes feel spot-on, but they're mostly just there for fun.
In the here and now, the Cardinals are likely hoping Flaherty can give them 5+ innings every fifth day for the month of September. The 2017 Cardinals need every win they can get, and Flaherty figures to help that cause, even if they only matches their 4.33 Steamer projection. But looking at the the longer-term, Flaherty is one of the most promising young pitchers on the planet by my math. They could be a fixture in St. Louis' rotation for years to come.
Oliver Stone and the team behind the upcoming Edward Snowden biopic may have violated federal law by making a film about their life, according to a report from government watchdog Judicial Watch.
In a report published Thursday, Judicial Watch says the Stone-directed Snowden —about the notorious former National Security Administration (NSA) contractor who handed over a trove of classified documents to online publisher Wikileaks in the summer 2013 — may be a violation of federal law because it will allow the filmmakers to profit off of Snowden's alleged “treason.”
The film “portrays the National Security Agency (NSA) subcontractor who leaked top secret information as a courageous patriot,” Judicial Watch wrote in its report.
The Washington D.C.-based nonprofit cites University of Virginia Law School Professor Robert F. Turner, who argues that “Snowden has done incalculable damage to the NSA and, in the process, to American national security.”
It is for this reason that Judicial Watch contends that “Snowden, Stone, and the producers of a 2014 Oscar-winning Snowden film titled Citizenfour may be in violation of the Anti-Terrorism Act (ATA), which forbids providing material support or resources for acts of international terrorism. Snowden's depiction as a ‘hero' in the film is not surprising.”
Judicial Watch further concludes that it is “illegal to profit from [Snowden's] crimes and the Department of Justice (DOJ) should confiscate all money made by the violators.”
“Snowden is no whistleblower. In fact they violated their secrecy agreement, which means they and their conspirators can't materially profit from their fugitive status, violation of law, aiding and abetting of a crime and providing material support to terrorism,” the nonprofit said.
Snowden stars Joseph Gordon-Levitt as the titular hero/traitor, who fled to Russia in 2013 and is currently facing espionage charges from the United States government.
In March, the Academy Award-winning director revealed that he'd held secret meetings with Snowden in Russia to prepare for the film. Stone also said that transferred the film's entire production to Germany to avoid possible interference from the NSA.
Snowden is in theaters on September 16, and also stars Shailene Woodley, Zachary Quinto, Scott Eastwood, and Nicolas Cage.
Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @jeromeehudson
The 12 and 13-year old girls who posted a photo on Facebook of a man they thought was taking photos of them are now the victims of social media backlash.
RCMP in Trail, B.C. released a statement last week warning social media users to leave the police work to officers after they saw the Facebook post that erroneously identified the man as a pedophile. Police say they found no evidence of wrongdoing and the man appeared to have been simply reading the newspaper while also having their phone out.
RCMP officer Sergeant Darren Olke told CBC Radio's Daybreak South that one Facebook post had a "lasting effect," on the small community.
"I think it proved to be very negative for a lot of people," they said. "My understanding is there has also been some backlash against these young girls who posted it."
Innocent man held at grocery store
By posting the photo on social media, the girls gave other people in town the opportunity to take the law into their own hands.
Not only was the man in the Facebook post innocent, but a clerk at a local grocery store mistakenly identified a customer as the person in the post, which led to an altercation, according to Olke.
The owners held the man at the store until police arrived and confirmed the clerk had made a mistake — one that was based on the erroneous Facebook post.
'It was really a case of mistaken identity right from the start," said Olke.
"It kind of shows how these things can can go sideways from an initial labelling people on social media and how it can affect so many people down the road."
With files from CBC Radio's Daybreak South
To listen to the full interview, click the link labelled: Erroneous Facebook post leads to backlash against girls in Trail.
At Co-opLaw.org, we continue to grow our online resource pages that provide legal information, best practices, and supporting tools for cooperatively owned and operated businesses and organizations. There is so much information on Co-opLaw.org, even state-by-state guides! So take a gander. Peruse and enjoy all of the resources we've built with friends, comrades, and allies around the country.
We would also like to express our deepest gratitude to our partners at the East Bay Community Law Center who helped us create the initial content for this website.
WE'RE UPDATING OUR WEBSITE!
We know Co-opLaw.org looks a little funky right now, but you're here for the content, right? Just know that starting January 2019 through September 2021 we'll be redesigning Co-opLaw.org to make it easier to use, navigate, and interact with!
Have feedback about Co-opLaw.org? Maybe you have an idea about how we can arrange our content, questions about where to find something, want to report a bug in our system (like a broken link), or want to request a new feature on Co-opLaw.org. Please let us know on our feedback form here. Thanks!
Are you in the San Francisco Bay Area?
Want to meet us in person at one of our events?
We typically host at least one event per week in Oakland, Berkeley, Richmond, and beyond, so check out our events page at theselc.org/events.
Looking to receive one-on-one legal support?
Check out our Resilient Communities Legal Cafe direct legal support and resources to individuals and groups who are working to create new solutions for resilient local economies. At the Legal Cafe, we aim to serve 1) entrepreneurs and organizers who come from or work with marginalized communities and communities with high rates of unemployment and poverty, and 2) those working to build the models that will transition our communities from destructive economic systems to innovative and cooperative alternatives.
The lovely people who keep the Legal Cafe wheels running.
Topics in our Cooperatives Legal Resource Library:
[Hay recursos en español abajo]
General Info and Resources:
What Are Cooperatives? · Support Organizations · Glossary of Terms
Types of Co-ops:
Worker Cooperatives · Freelancer Cooperatives · Producer and Marketing Cooperatives · Purchasing Cooperatives · Consumer Cooperatives · Energy Cooperatives · Artist Cooperatives · Childcare Cooperatives · Housing Cooperatives · Health Care Cooperatives · Cooperative Banks and Credit Unions · Insurance Cooperatives · Multi-stakeholder Cooperatives
General Legal Resources:
Choice of Entity · Co-op Bylaws · Financing · Governance · Patronage & Tax · Employment Law · Legal Analysis & Law Articles · Case Law and Administrative Rulings
Resources Specifically for Worker Cooperatives:
Think Outside the Boss: A Legal Handbook for Worker Cooperatives · Employee Handbooks · Converting to a Worker Cooperative
· Worker Cooperatives: Performance and Success Factors · Worker Cooperatives and Tax (Subchapter T)
Special Topics:
Cooperative Incubation · Green Jobs · Youth-Owned Cooperatives · What are Employee Stock Ownership Plans (ESOPs)?
State-by-State Co-op Law Info:
Alaska · California · Colorado · Illinois · Michigan · North Carolina
Want to help us create other state pages? Email Ricardo [at] theselc.org. Thank you!
Country-by-Country Co-op Law Info:
Co-ops Outside of the U.S.
Want to help us create other country pages? Email Ricardo [at] theselc.org. Thank you!
Recursos en Español:
Tu Negocio Cooperativa Manual
A short introduction
“If you want to go fast…go alone. If you want to go far…go together.”
Cooperatives aren't some utopian, hair-brained, hippie scheme. They support an incredibly diverse range of people, from families (did you see the baby above?), to young entrepreneurs, immigrants, and faith-based communities.
Cooperatives – whether consumer, producer, worker, or housing – are turning into the viable, mainstream answer to today's global financial crisis. Wealth is created everyday in our community, but somehow the wealth we generate flows up, up, and away. Cooperatives keep that wealth in our communities helping to build resilient, local economies.
Worker cooperatives, for example, pay themselves a wage just like any other business. When the business makes a profit (or surplus as its known within a coop), that money is given back to the worker-owners of the business, instead of going to some unknown stockholder with a Swiss bank account. Consumer cooperatives give their members discounts, at-cost rates, or a percentage of the co-ops' profits. This is usually based on the amount the members “patronized,” or used, the co-op. REI is one of the most successful examples of a consumer cooperative in the States.
You might not know it, but if you're a member of a Credit Union, you're a member of a cooperative! Credit Unions are member-owned financial co-ops. Whether you choose to or not, you can vote for your Credit Union's Board of Directors and tell them how you want the Credit Union to treat the community it serves.The people featured above have decided they want to bring their wealth back to their communities. Will you do the same?
Our Emerging Strategy
Want to know a little more about how Co-opLaw.org fits into our broader vision to build a future where cooperatives are the default organization for our economy? Move through the Sustainable Economies Law Center's Cooperatives Program strategy presentation below!
Can you share and reuse the content on Co-opLaw.org?
Yes! You can! Unless otherwise noted, all of our content is licensed under creative commons for easy sharing, reuse, and adaptation (just remember to attribute the Law Center and share your new version under the same creative commons license). Let's keep sharing!
Read more below about our license.
Co-opLaw.org is licensed Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International (CC BY-SA 4.0).
PLEASE NOTE: Specific webpages on Co-opLaw.org might have content and material that is protected under a different license than the CC BY-SA 4.0 license. Any webpage that contains content that is not covered by the CC BY-SA 4.0 license will be clearly indicated at the top of the page.
Under the CC BY-SA 4.0 license, you are free to
“share” our content, meaning copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format
and “adapt” our content, meaning remix, transform, and build upon the material for any purpose, even commercially.
SELC cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you adhere to the following license terms. You are given license to share and adapt our content ONLY if you adhere to the following terms:
Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.
— You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use. ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.
No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits. To find out more about this license, please visit the Creative Commons website describing the Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International (CC BY-SA 4.0) license.
Canada maintained their place atop Group A in CONCACAF Gold Cup play with a 1-1 draw against Costa Rica on Tuesday night. Here is how the Canadians' starters and substitutes stacked up on a steamy night at BBVA Compass Stadium:
Milan Borjan: 7.5. Coming off an eye injury, Borjan kept Canada in the game with several outstanding diving saves on both sides of halftime. If we're nitpicking, distribution was questionable on a few occasions.
Sam Adekugbe: 4.5. Some shaky moments for the young fullback in their first senior-team start, including losing their man on the Ticos' first-half goal.
Dejan Jakovic: 6. A solid night for the captain, including providing some calm coverage for their teammates along the defensive line.
Steven Vitoria: 5.5. Largely stood tall for a second straight game, but got beaten in the air on Costa Rica's corner-kick goal.
Michael Petrasso: 5.5. Some stronger defensive play in their second Gold Cup match at fullback, plus their customary forward runs—including getting things going on Canada's goal.
Samuel Piette: 6.5. Despite some crossed wires with teammates in the early going, put in one of their finer national-team performances by making plenty of crucial defensive interventions.
Mark-Anthony Kaye: 6. Showed little fear in their first Canada start, bringing a burst of energy and getting usefully involved on both sides of the ball all night long.
Alphonso Davies: 6. A slow start, but got a big confidence boost from their first-half goal, where their cleverness, acceleration and clinical finishing were on full display. Their night ended prematurely with an apparent ankle knock.
Scott Arfield: 6.5. A calm and crucial presence in the Canadian attack, providing for teammates and also barreling through defenders on their own. They also notched another Gold Cup assist on Davies' goal.
Junior Hoilett: 6. Found themselves as left-sided, right-sided and central forward at various points, before being subbed out. Plenty of energetic runs throughout, but could have been more unselfish at times.
Anthony Jackson-Hamel: 5. Tracked back well, but failed to make an offensive impact at the central forward position. They found themselves subbed out early in the second half.
Tosaint Ricketts: 5.5. As expected, used their speed to trouble tired opponents after being subbed in, but put their best goal-scoring chance over the bar.
Fraser Aird: 5. An unexpected addition following Davies' injury, they slotted into their natural winger position. They had little influence aside from a crunching tackle just outside the Costa Rica penalty area, however.
Lucas Cavallini: 5. Little for the big man to do in the game's dying minutes, as Canada had reverted into full-on defend-for-your-lives mode to preserve the draw.
OVERLAND PARK, Kan. (BUSINESS WIRE), November 11, 2014 - Before the holiday shopping season kicks into high gear, Sprint (NYSE: S) will offer Nexus 6 with 2.5GHz LTE data speeds and a pure Android™ experience coupled with rate plans like the Sprint Family Share Pack offering the best value for families who want shared data. Nexus 6 by Motorola is one of the first devices to be loaded with Google's latest Android 5.0, Lollipop, operating system.
Nexus 6 will be available beginning Friday, Nov. 14, in Sprint direct ship sales channels, including Sprint Stores, Sprint Business Sales, Web Sales and Telesales at 1-800-SPRINT1. With Sprint Easy PaySM, well-qualified buyers can purchase Nexus 6 with $0 down (plus tax) and 24 monthly payments of $29 (SRP: $696; excluding taxes; service plan required).
The Sprint Family Share Pack offers the best value for families with its shared-data plans. A family with up to 10 lines can get 20GB of shared data and unlimited talk and text for only $100 a month through 2015.1 For a family of four, that's a savings of $60 per month versus AT&T's and $40 per month versus Verizon's current pricing through 2015.2
Sprint also offers Nexus 6 customers unlimited talk, text and data while on the Sprint network for $60 per month with the Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan – a $20 savings per month compared to T-Mobile's $80 unlimited plan.3
“Nexus 6 sets the stage for exciting new developments in smartphones with a stunning 6-inch Quad HD display, perfect for movies, videos and surfing the Web,” said Doug Kaufman, director-Device Strategy, Sprint. “With pricing plans like the Sprint Family Share Pack, families can take advantage of all the features of Nexus 6 without worrying about expensive rate plans or running out of data each month.”
As first device from Sprint to ship with Lollipop, Nexus 6 also comes equipped with a contoured aluminum frame, 6-inch Quad HD display and 13-megapixel camera. The large screen is complemented by dual front-facing stereo speakers that deliver high-fidelity sound, making it as great for movies and gaming as it is for getting work done. It also comes with a Turbo Charger for up to six hours of battery use with only 15 minutes of charge.
“We're excited to collaborate with Motorola and Sprint to introduce customers to Nexus 6 and Android 5.0, Lollipop, our biggest release yet,” said Hiroshi Lockheimer, vice president, Engineering for Android.
The Sprint 4G LTE network serves 540 cities, making it easy for customers to take advantage of all the great features of Nexus 6. Customers seeking additional information can visit www.sprint.com/nexus6.
About Sprint
Sprint (NYSE: S) is a communications services company that creates more and better ways to connect its customers to the things they care about most. Sprint served 55 million customers as of September 30, 2014 and is widely recognized for developing, engineering and deploying innovative technologies, including the first wireless 4G service from a national carrier in the United States; leading no-contract brands including Virgin Mobile USA, Boost Mobile, and Assurance Wireless; instant national and international push-to-talk capabilities; and a global Tier 1 Internet backbone. Sprint has been named to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI) North America for the last four years. You can learn more and visit Sprint at www.sprint.com or www.facebook.com/sprint and www.twitter.com/sprint.
1The $100 offer is available through Jan. 15, 2015, when customers switch to Sprint. Valid when customers port numbers to Sprint. It includes $10, $15 or $20/month/line access charges waived through 2015. Valid only on 20GB or higher data allowance. Data allowance charges still apply. Requires one phone per plan.
2Compared to 10GB high-speed 3G/4G plans for four lines. Other data options available on other carriers.
3T-Mobile Simple Choice includes unlimited International text/data features. The $80 plan includes 5GB of high-speed Mobile Hotspot Data. Other data options available.
Stephen Bannon compared an explosive Washington Post report alleging that Alabama GOP Senate candidate Roy Moore initiated a sexual encounter with a 14-year-old girl in 1979 to the "Access Hollywood" tape showing President Trump making lewd comments about women.
CBS News reported that Bannon, the former Trump White House chief strategist, made the comments during a speech in New Hampshire, remarking that the Post investigation was similar to the explosive leak of the "Access Hollywood" tape during the 2016 presidential campaign.
ADVERTISEMENT
"By the way, the Bezos Amazon Washington Post that dropped that dime on Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE is the same Bezos Amazon Washington Post that dropped a dime this afternoon on Judge Roy Moore," Bannon said Thursday.
"Is that a coincidence?" they asked.
In an explosive story published Thursday, a woman told the Post that Moore initiated sexual contact with them in 1979 when serving as an assistant district attorney. Moore was 32 at the time while the woman was 14.
The woman said Moore took off their clothes as well as their shirt and pants, touching them over their bra and underwear and guiding their hand to touch them over their underpants. They said they did not have intercourse.
Bannon added Thursday that the Post's investigation was an element of Democrats and the mainstream media's "politics of self-destruction."
"That's what I mean when I say it's the opposition party. It's purely part of the apparatus of the opposition party. It's not a fair and free media anymore," Bannon said.
"I don't like it. But I think it's a strange coincidence," they said.
Moore denied the allegations in a statement to the Post.  They are set to face Democrat Doug Jones in a special election for a Senate seat in Alabama in December.
“These allegations are completely false and are a desperate political attack by the National Democrat Party and the Washington Post on this campaign,” Moore said.
Opposition cites independent analysis showing gross debt in 2023-24 would be about $270bn less than predicted in outlook
Labor is seeking to fight back in the political battle over its economic legacy by releasing analysis that contradicts the government's debt and deficit projections.
The shadow treasurer, Chris Bowen, said commissioned analysis by the independent Parliamentary Budget Office showed gross debt in 2023-24 would be about $270bn lower than the $667bn predicted by the government.
The Parliamentary Budget Office added a word of caution, however, saying its estimates of the values of government securities were "considered to be low reliability".
Labor had asked the office to perform a "sensitivity analysis" of key budget indicators set out in the Abbott government's mid-year economic and fiscal outlook (Myefo), released in December.
The office was asked to assume real growth in spending over the four-year budget period would replicate annual spending growth as outlined in the pre-election economic and fiscal outlook (Pefo). This would be followed by annual real growth in spending of 2%, and no increase to tax receipts above 23.6% of gross domestic product.
"The net debt of the government is projected to be $110bn in 2023-24 under the conditions imposed in the sensitivity analysis," the office said. "The projected net debt in 2023-24 published in 2013-14 Myefo is approximately $370bn."
Bowen said the report showed net debt "would be a whopping $260bn less" than projected by the Coalition government. They said the budget "would be in surplus by $34bn by 2023-24 – a $46bn swing from the $12bn deficit in Myefo".
"The government has sought to blow out the size of the debt and deficit over the next decade as part of a clear and deliberate strategy to cynically mislead the Australian people about the previous government's legacy and to set the scene for severe cuts to services and more broken election promises," Bowen said.
"Labor commissioned the Parliamentary Budget Office to independently cost the medium-term budget figures had the Coalition not committed to nearly $14bn in new spending and if Labor's medium-term fiscal strategy been maintained."
Bowen said the government's first budget update "included a number of cynical decisions that painted a distorted picture about the future state of the budget".
"This analysis confirms that the government's secret decision to drop Labor's fiscal rules dramatically inflated the current debt situation, painting a doomsday picture to build support for its ideological drive to deliver massive cuts in the upcoming budget," they said.
The treasurer, Joe Hockey, strongly rejected claims of budget games during question time on Tuesday.
Bowen directly accused Hockey of "cooking the books to artificially inflate debt and deficit".
Hockey replied that Labor's budget efforts resumed "an episode of MasterChef". They pointed to the former treasurer Wayne Swan's abandoned surplus pledge and then took a swipe at Bowen, who briefly served as the treasurer after Kevin Rudd's return to the prime ministership.
"And the books were so cooked that they piled on the mustard, they piled on the horseradish, they piled on the barbecue sauce," Hockey told parliament on Tuesday.
"It was the Labor party that kept promising a surplus. It was the Labor party that kept making big, heroic promises about the economy that were never delivered. Every single number Labor published for six years was wrong.”
Once an elevated freight railway track, New York's High Line is now an oasis for pedestrians. It has been so popular that other cities are following suit, with plans to replicate the formula in London. What is the secret of its success?
In 1980 the last freight train ran along the elevated railway line in the Lower West Side of Manhattan. Reportedly, it pulled three boxcars of frozen turkeys.
Almost 20 years later, in August 1999, local architectural enthusiasts Joshua David and Robert Hammond went along to a public meeting to discuss the future of the High Line.
Within months the two New Yorkers - variously described as total amateurs and neighbourhood nobodies - founded the Friends of the High Line, a charity that has gone on to transform the abandoned railway line into a wildly successful new kind of public space - part-beach, part-park, and part-promenade.
Since opening in 2009, the High Line has become New York City's second most visited cultural venue, attracting some four million visitors a year. Through Mr David and Mr Hammond's work, a relic of the 1930s has become the catwalk of 21st Century New York.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption High Line co-founder Robert Hammond visits Bishopsgate Goods Yard
Already cities around the world are interested in learning from New York.
In Shoreditch, east London, the idea of building a new park on top of the old railway arches at the Bishopsgate Goods Yard, abandoned since the mid 1960s, is being considered.
Chicago is proposing to redevelop 2.7 miles (4.3 km) of disused elevated railway line into the Bloomingdale Trail. Its fellow US city Philadelphia is looking at transforming the Reading Viaduct into an elevated linear park. And in Rotterdam, Netherlands, another old elevated track is being considered as a site for a park and shops. The High Line itself echoes Paris' Promenade Plantee, inaugurated in 1993.
And it's hoped that the formula can be repeated on more besides disused railways.
James Corner, the British landscape architect who designed the High Line, is working on the transformation of London's Olympic South Plaza into part of the future Queen Elizabeth Olympic Park. Corner is also working on a proposal to redevelop Liverpool's 1980s Everton Park.
A competition to design London's answer to the High Line has just been won by a project to grow mushrooms in unused mail tunnels under Oxford Street. It's unlikely to be built, but it was this kind of radical thinking that made the High Line a hit.
Walking UK railways Disused railway tracks in the UK have also been turned into rural walkways. The Parkland Walk, north London is built on a line first opened in 1867 as part of Great Northern Railway. The last train ran in 1970 and a linear park opened shortly afterwards, with two walkable sections. Plans to build a dual carriageway in the late 1980s were successfully opposed by locals and environmentalists. It is London's longest local nature reserve at 4.5 miles (7.2km). Monsal Trail and Tunnels, Derbyshire, was originally built in 1863 by Midland Railway, and operated until 1968. The 8.5-mile (13.6km) Monsal Trail reopened for public use in 1981, but four tunnels remained closed for safety reasons. A restoration project to reopen the four tunnels, in 2011, cost £2.25m ($3.6m).
"It's not surprising that other places would imitate it," says architect and broadcaster Maxwell Hutchinson.
"It's a fantastic project, and we're always looking at ways of increasing the amount of green space in our densely-packed cities."
Whether these schemes can repeat the High Line's success and transform industrial mystery meat into filet mignon depends on a host of factors, however.
Key to the New York project's success is the fact that it's both an elevated park and one of the city's finest walkways.
You can amble along its one mile (1.6 km) route taking in views of the Hudson river, Chelsea and the Meatpacking District. It is a place where you can stop on one of the many benches or banks of steps, and sunbathe or gaze over the railings, or through a large picture window at the passing pedestrians or the cars on 10th Avenue.
But it is not just its incredible popularity that has got developers and city officials talking about the High Line, it is also the tonic effect it has had on land values and real estate prices in the area it passes through.
All along the route, prices have shot up. Apartments that were once in the middle of nowhere are now hot property. Fancy hotels such as the Standard now arch over the old railway line.
As a result, there has been an estimated $2bn (£1.25bn) of new economic activity along the route of the High Line.
So the first thing for any would-be imitator to bear in mind is that it took a great deal of cash to make it happen.
"If the project doesn't work financially, it doesn't work," says Mr David.
When they and Mr Hammond made the case for the High Line to New York City, they estimated that given that parks increase the value of nearby properties and thus their taxable value, the High Line could bring in $262m (£164m) in extra tax revenues to the city over a 20-year period.
It seems that their estimate was too conservative. They now reckon that the value to the city in extra tax revenue over a 20-year period will be somewhere in the region of $900m (£563m) - not bad for a project that cost $112m (£70m).
Not only does the city of New York have funds for capital projects, there were a lot of rich and famous people whom Mr David and Mr Hammond were able to approach for help, including actors Kevin Bacon and Edward Norton.
History of the High Line Elevated section of former New York Central Railroad, which was established in 1847
The High Line opened to trains in 1934
Last freight train ran in 1980
Disused for nearly 30 years
Opened as newly refurbished park in 2009
Joshua David and Robert Hammond co-founded Friends of the High Line, employing architects and designers to build park
High Line now attracts four million visitors per year
Project cost $112m (£70m) to set up and costs $4.5m (£2.8m) per year to run
But it was also the novelty and boldness of the High Line that has contributed to its success. Mr David calls the viaduct "a found object". They and Mr Hammond were both able to see something in it that others could not.
When it came to choosing the architect and landscape architects for the project, they went for something unusual. They opted for a team that hadn't built much but who appreciated both the architectural qualities of the rusting railway bridges and the need to make the greenery in the park distinctive.
The winning team included the Dutch garden designer Piet Oudolf, whose choice of grasses and perennials are not only fashionably "wild" but are also in keeping with the wilderness that grew up after the line's abandonment in 1980.
Mr David and Mr Hammond aimed high, spending money on publicity in Grand Central Station, hiring a Washington DC lobbyist, and - as they like to say themselves - throwing parties in style.
But above all, it helped that the project was inclusive. The High Line is a New York City park and so open to everyone for free.
The pair started as community activists and, despite the High Line's wealthy patrons, feel the need to root the High Line in the mix of communities through which it passes.
Mr David says this was deliberate: "As a tourist you want to go where the locals go."
Inclusiveness comes at a price, however. The problem with making the High Line a public park is that, as Mr David and Mr Hammond ruefully admit, they haven't managed to capture much of the value that it has generated for others.
Property developers have made far more money out of the High Line than its own creators, who now have to find $4.5m (£2.8m) in charitable donations every year to keep it open.
There is another downside, too. Such developments mean disused lines cannot be once again brought back into their original use.
"The Docklands Light Railway [in east London] runs on viaducts that were long abandoned," says Hutchinson. "We must be careful not to prejudice potential future railways."
But if it stays true to the spirit of the original, the next High Line won't be a high line at all - it will be something else, something very unexpected.
The jihadist insurgent group ISIS, or as it now prefers to be called, the Islamic State, appears well on the road to achieving its stated goal: the restoration of the caliphate. The concept, which refers to an Islamic state presided over by a leader with both political and religious authority, dates from the various Muslim empires that followed the time of the Prophet Muhammad. From the seventh century onward, the caliph was, literally, their “successor.”
The problem with this new caliphate, which, an ISIS spokesperson claimed on Sunday, had been established under Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, an Islamist militant leader since the early days of the American occupation of Iraq, is that it is ahistorical, to say the least.
The Abbasid caliphate, for example, which ruled from 750 to 1258, was an impressively dynamic and diverse empire. Centered in Baghdad, just down the road from where ISIS is occupying large areas of Iraq, the Abbasid caliphate was centuries ahead of Mr. Baghdadi's backward-looking cohorts. Abbasid society during its heyday thrived on multiculturalism, science, innovation, learning and culture — in sharp contrast to ISIS' violent puritanism. The irreverent court poet of the legendary Caliph Harun al-Rashid (circa 763-809), Abu Nuwas, not only penned odes to wine, but also wrote erotic gay verse that would make a modern imam blush.
Centered on the Bayt al-Hikma, Baghdad's “House of Wisdom,” the Abbasid caliphate produced notable advances in the sciences and mathematics. The modern scientific method itself was invented in Baghdad by Ibn al-Haytham, who has been called “the first true scientist.”
This article is over 2 years old
The Human Rights Commission said the allegation of racial hatred has been withdrawn ‘and the file closed', the Australian reports
The Human Rights Commission will not investigate a controversial cartoon by Bill Leak after allegations of racial hatred were dropped, The Australian newspaper has reported.
In a cartoon about indigenous parental neglect, Leak depicts a police officer telling an Aboriginal man holding a beer can to talk to their son about personal responsibility, to which they reply “Yeah righto. What's their name then?”
It was the subject of widespread criticism after it was published in The Australian on 4 August.
I signed the letter criticising Bill Leak's cartoon. It didn't mention 'banning' anyone | Jeff Sparrow Read more
The newspaper in October was notified that allegations of racial hatred under section 18C of the Racial Discrimination Act would be investigated following a complaint.
Section 18C of the act makes it unlawful for a person to do an act that is reasonably likely to “offend, insult, humiliate or intimidate another person or a group of people” because of their “race, colour or national or ethnic origin”.
On Saturday The Australian reported that Jodie Ball, the commission president's delegate, had advised that the woman who made the allegation did not want to continue and therefore the “complaint has been finalised ... and the file is now closed”.
QUT, racial discrimination and why the Liberals' fight over 18C will lead to a sequel | Katharine Murphy Read more
Liberal senator Eric Abetz said the complaint “should never have been entertained by the Human Rights Commission” and was a huge expense.
“This is just another clear example of a total abuse of process that has been facilitated by the Human Rights Commission which must stop,” Abetz said in a statement on Saturday.
Abetz has urged the Human Rights Commission to back changes to section 18C that would replace the words 'offend' and 'insult' with 'vilify'.
They have previously called for an inquiry into the commission after a failed racial discrimination case against three university students in Queensland.
Brock Turner, the Stanford University swimmer convicted of sexually assaulting an unconscious woman, was released from Santa Clara County jail on Friday after serving just three months of their six-month sentence.
In June, Judge Aaron Persky — a Stanford alumnus — found Turner guilty of three felony counts of sexual assault — which precedented upwards of fourteen years in prison — but determined, "A prison sentence would have a severe impact on him." Backlash led the creation of a petition to recall Persky, who was subsequently removed from a similar sexual assault case shortly thereafter.
Advertisement:
Opponents charged Persky with racial bias — and Turner with white privilege — after it was revealed that in 2014 Persky had sentenced 32-year-old El Salvadoran immigrant Raul Ramirez to three years in prison for similar crimes.
Turner, 21, is presumed to be returning to their family's home near Dayton, Ohio. They will now have to serve three years of probation and register as a sex offender.
A long-standing federal ban on plastic guns will expire Dec. 9 unless Congress acts.
This handgun was created from resin with 3-D printer technology. Federal agents say plastic weapons created on a 3-D printer could emerge as a national security threat. (Photo11: Department of Justice) Story Highlights The House passed a 10-year, simple extension of current law
The 1988 Undetectable Firearms Act bans guns that can go undetected by metal detectors and X-ray
Senate Democrats want to expand the scope of the law
Correction: An earlier version of this story incorrectly described how background check legislation died in the Senate.
WASHINGTON – The U.S. House approved Tuesday a 10-year extension of an existing federal law banning guns that can go undetected by metal detectors and X-ray machines.
The measure passed on an overwhelming bipartisan vote despite reservations from Democrats who would like to expand the scope of the law to address concerns about 3-D printing technology, which can produce solid objects out of digital models – including firearms – and did not exist commercially when the law was first enacted. Without significant opposition, the House did not record members' votes on the bill.
"As a practical matter it looks like the choice before the country and the Congress is whether to let this ban on the plastics expire or not. It should not expire," said Rep. Rob Andrews, D-N.J., who acknowledged that an effort by Senate Democrats to expand the restriction is unlikely to overcome GOP opposition. "There are lots of things we'd do if majority ruled, and (Democrats) were the majority here, but we're going to have to practice the art of the possible and pass the best law we can."
The 1988 Undetectable Firearms Act was enacted under President Reagan and reauthorized under Presidents Clinton and George W. Bush. It is scheduled to sunset Dec. 9, the same day the Senate returns from a two-week Thanksgiving break. If the law expires, Congress can fix it retroactively.
The law bans the manufacture, possession and sale of firearms that can't be detected by metal detectors and requires handguns be manufactured in the shape of a gun so they can be screened on X-ray machines.
Sen. Charles Schumer, D-N.Y., is among a group of Senate Democrats seeking to amend the law to require that metal has to be permanently attached to the gun, closing what they call a loophole that would allow removable metal parts. Senate Democrats are less likely to support a lengthy extension of the law if the amendment is not included in order to revisit the gun debate sooner than in 10 years.
The law is the only gun legislation to get a vote in the U.S. House this year. The Senate tried and failed in April to move a bill to expand background checks in the wake of the Sandy Hook Elementary School shootings last December, but Democrats could not garner enough support to overcome Republican opposition.
'The House has done nothing in the nearly one year since the Newtown tragedy, I'm very disappointed in that," Andrews said, adding that if House Democrats were to win a majority in the 2014 midterm elections, they would revisit the gun debate. "There will be sensible legislation on many fronts," they said.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1cSQIuC
The national life expectancy in the US has increased since 1980, but improvement depends on where you live
One county's life expectancy comparable to Sudan and Iraq
“Policy changes at all levels gravely needed to reduce inequality in the health of Americans”
SEATTLE – Babies born today in 13 US counties have shorter expected lifespans than their parents did when they were born decades ago, according to a new study. For example, life expectancy at birth in Owsley County, Kentucky, was 72.4 in 1980, dropping to 70.2 in 2014.
The gap between counties with the highest and lowest life expectancies is larger now than it was back in 1980 – a more than a 20-year difference in 2014 – highlighting massive and growing inequality in the health of Americans.
Oglala Lakota County, South Dakota – a county that includes the Pine Ridge Native American reservation – revealed the lowest life expectancy in the country in 2014 at 66.8 years, comparable to countries like Sudan (67.2), India (66.9), and Iraq (67.7).
Clusters of counties with low life expectancies were also identified in Kentucky, West Virginia, Alabama, and several states along the Mississippi River. Several counties in these states and others saw decreases in life expectancy since 1980, while much of the country experienced increases.
However, a cluster of counties in Colorado had the highest life expectancies in the US, with Summit County topping the list at 86.8 years, followed by Pitkin County (86.5) and Eagle County (85.9). By comparison, at the country level Andorra had the highest life expectancy in the world that same year at 84.8, followed by Iceland at 83.3.
“These findings demonstrate an urgent imperative, that policy changes at all levels are gravely needed to reduce inequality in the health of Americans,” said Dr. Ali Mokdad, an author on the study by the Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation (IHME) at the University of Washington in Seattle who leads US county health research at IHME. “Federal, state, and local health departments need to invest in programs that work and engage their communities in disease prevention and health promotion.”
In the study published today (May 8, 2017) in JAMA Internal Medicine, the authors calculated life expectancy by county from 1980 to 2014. They also examined the risk of dying among five age groups, as well as the extent to which risk factors, socioeconomics and race, and health care contribute to inequality.
“Looking at life expectancy on a national level masks the massive differences that exist at the local level, especially in a country as diverse as the United States,” explained lead author Laura Dwyer-Lindgren, a researcher at IHME. “Risk factors like obesity, lack of exercise, high blood pressure, and smoking explain a large portion of the variation in lifespans, but so do socioeconomic factors like race, education, and income.”
All counties saw a drop in the risk of dying before age 5, and the gap between the counties with the highest and lowest levels of under-5 mortality narrowed since 1980. This is likely a result of health programs and services focused on infants and children.
On the other hand, 11.5% of counties saw an increased risk of death in adults between 25 and 45. In addition, inequality in the probability of dying has risen for people between 45 and 85 since 1980.
The authors also looked at the extent to which several factors contributed to the inequality in life expectancy. Risk factors – obesity, lack of exercise, smoking, hypertension, and diabetes – explained 74% of the variation in longevity. Socioeconomic factors, a combination of poverty, income, education, unemployment, and race, were independently related to 60% of the inequality, and access to and quality of health care explained 27%.
This new research suggests that policies and programs that promote healthy behaviors could be the most effective in reducing health inequalities, but that socioeconomic status and other related factors should not be ignored.
“The inequality in health in the United States – a country that spends more on health care than any other – is unacceptable,” said Dr. Christopher Murray, director of IHME. “Every American, regardless of where they live or their background, deserves to live a long and healthy life. If we allow trends to continue as they are, the gap will only widen between counties.”
In 2014, the United States spent $9,237 per person on health care. Australia, a country with a higher life expectancy in 2014 (82.3), spent $4,032 per person. Japan, where life expectancy was 83.1 – one of the highest in the world – spent just $3,816 per person.
Counties with the largest increases in life expectancy from 1980 to 2014:
Aleutians East Borough, Aleutians West Census Area, Alaska (+18.3%)
North Slope Borough, Alaska (+17.9%)
New York County, New York (+15.2%)
Sumter County, Florida (+13.8%)
San Francisco County, California (+13.5%)
Kings County, New York (+13.2%)
Kodiak Island Borough, Alaska (+13.2%)
Northwest Arctic Borough, Alaska (+12.8%)
District of Columbia, District of Columbia (+12.8%)
Loudoun County, Virginia (+12.4%)
Counties with the largest decreases in life expectancy from 1980 to 2014:
Owsley County, Kentucky (-3%)
Lee County, Kentucky (-2%)
Leslie County, Kentucky (-1.9%)
Breathitt County, Kentucky (-1.4%)
Clay County, Kentucky (-1.3%)
Powell County, Kentucky (-1.1%)
Estill County, Kentucky (-1%)
Perry County, Kentucky (-0.8%)
Kiowa County, Oklahoma (-0.7%)
Perry County, Alabama (-0.6%)
Data from the National Center for Health Statistics (NCHS) were used to calculate life expectancy for every US county, looking specifically at de-identified death certificates. Population counts were obtained from the US Census Bureau, NCHS, and the Human Mortality Database.
The study, titled “Inequalities in life expectancy among US counties, 1980 to 2014,” was funded by the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation, the National Institute on Aging, and philanthropists John W. Stanton and Theresa E. Gillespie.
Life expectancy for every county has been updated through 2014 in IHME's US Health Map data visualization tool. The US Health Map can be accessed at https://vizhub.healthdata.org/subnational/usa.
Media contact:
Dean R. Owen, +1-206-897-2858 (office); +1-206-434-5630 (cell); [email protected]
Established in 2007, the Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation (IHME) is an independent global health research center within UW Medicine at the University of Washington in Seattle. IHME provides rigorous and comparable measurement of the world's most important health problems and evaluates strategies to address them. IHME makes this information available so that policymakers, donors, practitioners, researchers, and local and global decision-makers have the evidence they need to make informed decisions about how to allocate resources to best improve population health. For more information, visit www.healthdata.org
The party takes issue with "internet connection records," a breakdown of your internet activity (top-level domains, such as wikipedia.org, but not individual pages) that can be requested by the authorities. Internet service providers which receive a notice must gather and store this information for 12 months, and hand it over in a readable format should it be needed for an investigation. The Liberal Democrats are also against the bulk collection of "communications data," which refers to the context of a conversation (when, how, where, etc.) but not the "content," or what was actually said.
"A Conservative landslide would give Theresa May a blank cheque to implement these draconian spying powers and Labour have shown they are incapable of opposing them," Liberal Democrat MP Alistair Carmichael said. "A strong Liberal Democrat opposition is crucial to challenge this government, stand up for people's civil liberties and change Britain's future."
Concerns over the IP Act have heightened since a draft "technical capability" document was leaked by The Register. It says ISPs and mobile network operators, after being served a warrant, should be able to deliver communications data in "near real-time." The companies also need, "where practicable," the ability to remove electronic protection, such as encryption. Quite how this would work in practice remains unclear, however. Encryption was a huge topic of debate while the IP Act was being drafted and no one knows what, if anything the government can do to overcome end-to-end encryption — a form of protection that stops anyone, including the company that offers the messaging app, from looking inside.
The Liberal Democrats position isn't new. The party voted against the IP Act while it was passing through Commons and has publicly criticised its most far-reaching powers. It is, however, unlikely that leader Tim Farron will be elected next month. The party sits in a distant third, well behind the Conservatives and Labour in the most recent public polls. While polls are no guarantee of voter sentiment, it seems unlikely the Liberal Democrats will manage even a coalition like it did under David Cameron's first term. Still, it's a promise that will appeal to privacy enthusiasts and shows the party is consistent on an issue that is only growing in importance.
Tuesday, for me and some ten thousand classmates, was the first day of climate denial school.
Or, should I say, anti-climate denial school. We'd all signed up for Denial101x, a new, six-week MOOC (that's "massive open online course," for all you education luddites) aimed at making sense of this whole phenomenon -- and at giving us the tools to fight deniers, so that we can all get on with fighting climate change itself.
Advertisement:
Our professor is John Cook, the Climate Communication Fellow for the Global Change Institute at the University of Queensland and the founder of Skeptical Science, which over the past two years has been an invaluable resource for me, a newbie debunker of deniers.
Of course, there's always more to learn. As a student, Cook told me via email, I can expect to leave the course with "a better understanding what's happening to our climate, able to identify the techniques used to distort the science and be able to debunk misinformation." That's a great thing for a climate blogger, as well as -- and this is really the point -- for any concerned citizen of the world who wants to understand the truth about climate science for themselves.
The course doesn't waste time wringing its hands over whether or not to call deniers "deniers" -- a true skeptic, Cook explains in their welcome video, "doesn't come to a conclusion until they've considered the evidence," while "someone who denies well-established science comes to a conclusion first, and then discounts any evidence that conflicts with their beliefs." But it is interested in why climate deniers believe the things they do. That's because in order to effectively debunk climate denier myths, Cook told me, it's important first to understand the psychology behind them -- and to understand how and why they're so good at casting doubt on the scientific consensus.
That, incidentally, was the theme of our first lesson. I'd recommend anyone who's interested to sign up for themselves (it's free, and only requires one to two hours of your time for its six-week run), but here are a few highlights from day one:
-The "scientific consensus" is a term that's bandied around a lot as a shortcut for shooting down deniers, but it's even more well-established than many perhaps realize. After three short videos describing the consensus of evidence, scientists and papers, guest lecturer Peter Jacobs, a graduate student in Environmental Science and Policy at George Mason University, explains how we know when a consensus is truly knowledge-based. It needs, they explain, to meet three conditions: a consilience of evidence, meaning different, independent lines of evidence all pointing toward the same conclusion; social calibration, meaning everyone establishing that evidence relies on the same basic concepts, like global temperature, and uses the same, rigorous scientific method; and social diversity, meaning that different groups, from different backgrounds, are all on the same page. Can you guess which "controversial" scientific theory meets all of those conditions?
-People don't just wake up one day and decide to deny the scientific consensus on climate change. There's actually some pretty strong psychology behind their anti-science beliefs, and a lot of it has to do with the way their political ideology informs their worldview, and thus their understanding of the facts themselves.
Advertisement:
But politics aside, the University of Victoria's Robert Gifford explains, our brains just didn't evolve to grapple with long-term, global threats like climate change. And so a number of psychological barriers, or what they call "dragons of inactions," prevent us from responding in a way that's commensurate to the problem: we tend to discount events that seem far away, for instance, and we tend to be overly optimistic about the risks of climate change while at the same time deeply pessimistic about our individual ability to make a difference. And then, there's the whole matter of the "consensus gap": the difference between the 97 percent scientific consensus, and where the public believes it is -- somewhere around 50 to 60 percent. How great people believe the consensus is has a big influence on their other beliefs, like whether the support the need for climate action. And according to Gifford's own experiments, the more Americans support "free, unregulated markets," the larger the consensus gap.
Here's more from Cook on how science denial comes about in practice:
-I've written extensively about the vicious ways in which deniers and so-called merchants of doubt attack climate science, through persuading the media to present a false balance, going after scientists, undermining that solid scientific consensus and other tricks of the type that this course aims to expose. It can get ugly:
Advertisement:
In their lecture, Cook emphasizes that those attacks don't just impact public perceptions and hurt scientists' feelings -- they have an effect on how the scientific community presents its research. Consensus agreements like those from the U.N. IPCC, for instance, likely underestimate the impacts of climate change. I've written before about how the IPCC is underselling its message, but Cook ties that phenomenon back to the corrosive influence of climate deniers: "Predictions of alarming climate impacts are vigorously pounced upon by critics," they argue, "whereas harmless predictions are met without hostility. The result is a tendency to underestimate the impacts of climate change, in order to avoid a hostile response."
Next week: Climate denier myths -- why they're wrong, and how deniers manage to make them sound so convincing.
Barack Obama will tomorrow announce an end to US combat operations in Iraq, but their televised address from the Oval Office risks being undercut by the failure to form a government in Baghdad, and new casualty figures indicating an escalation in violence.
Obama is to present as a milestone the reduction in US troops in Iraq, from 144,000 when they took office last January to below 50,000. But the Iraqi foreign minister, Hoshyer Zebari, said today it was an "embarrassment" for the US to withdraw without an Iraqi government in place. In spite of US claims that violence is on a downward trend, the Iraq Body Count released figures showing that the death toll for August was 495. A further five were killed today , bringing the toll to 500, which, when taken together with July, marks one of the bloodiest spells since 2008. The remaining 50,000 troops, who will focus mainly on assisting the Iraqi army, are scheduled to pull out by the end of 2011, unless the Iraqi government – assuming one is eventually formed – asks for a few hundred or few thousand to remain.
With US opinion polls showing the president's popularity below 50% and their Democratic party facing a drubbing in November's Congressional elections, Obama badly needs a foreign policy success and the White House, state department and defence department have worked hard in recent months to present a positive narrative of events in Iraq.
In their address Obama will present the reduction of US troops as the fulfilment of a key pledge made during the 2008 White House election in which they promised to end US military operations in Iraq. In a foretaste of their address, Obama insisted today that violence has been on a downward trend. "The trend lines have been steadily declining violence. Even after we left the cities [US troops pulled out last year] what you've seen is lower and lower levels of violence," Obama said in an interview with NBC News. "The Iraqi security forces are functioning, at least as well, if not better, than any of us had anticipated."
When the Iraq Body Count published its figures for July, with a death toll of 535, US forces in Iraq disputed it, suggesting the real figure was 222. Iraq's health ministry said it would release its August death toll on Wednesday, but confirmed that its number was similar to the Iraq Body Count figure.
Zebari, who has been an advocate of a speedy US withdrawal, appears to be having second thoughts with the deadline for the end of combat operations in Iraq imminent. "They [the Obama administration] had also made this part of an election campaign, so for them it is a very important event," Zebari told the Guardian. "It is the fulfilment of that election pledge. But it is embarrassing for them to withdraw and still we don't have a government in place, because all the achievements, all the sacrifices that have been made, could be in jeopardy. It is embarrassing for us also."
Obama faces a challenge in striking the right tone with their speech: they will seek to avoid the kind of premature triumphalism that saw President George Bush stand under a banner announcing "Mission Accomplished" only weeks after the 2003 invasion, but they will also try to take take credit for making good on an election pledge. One of the leading military analysts in the US, Anthony Cordesman, of the Centre for Strategic and International Studies, said: "President Obama is walking a tightrope where they have to balance the fact that US troops are down from a peak of over 140,000 to under 50,000, against the reality that the average number of violent incidents in Iraq is not that much lower than in Afghanistan, and it will be years before the insurgency is over."
They added: "He has to talk about strategic partnership without knowing how the new Iraqi government will view the US, and its ties to [the Shia leader Moqtada al-Sadr] or Iran. They have to talk about US withdrawal knowing that once a new Iraqi government is formed it could ask for US forces to stay longer or provide combat support – or demand US forces leave more quickly."
For better or worse? Iraqis on US legacy
When the Americans entered the country in 2003, we were pleased to get rid of one tyrant, but the Americans brought hundreds of tyrants instead of one. Everything we dreamed of became a lie – a mirage in a desert. All we got was oppression, killing and unemployment. The Americans have left behind a weak country, with weak officials whom Iran is playing as a hand of cards for their own interests. We are heading towards a dark future and we are going to be divided by sects. They planted the seeds of division and we are exhausted by lack of electricity and clean water.
Sheikh Nouri al-Diyaa tribal leader from Falluja, central Iraq
Any country that has been under occupation will face suffering and ruin. We hope the situation in Iraq will be improved by the American withdrawal. It will not be done quickly – we don't have a magic wand to correct all the miserable things that were left behind. But at least now we feel comfortable and are pleased that the US troops are leaving our country and respecting the security pact. We thought we would at least get some development from an occupation as miserable as it was, but we have seen a deterioration in all areas of life in Sadr City.
Sheikh Hussam al-Sayedi from Sadr City, Baghdad
"Toppling Saddam was a huge achievement but the next chapter has taken a very long time. We suffered from many mistakes of the Americans and were treated mercilessly by the militias. We thought that Bush's announcement in 2003 would quickly turn into a reconstruction effort, but it became an occupation, with people behaving increasingly worse towards us. The people that gave the American troops flowers soon began to hate them. They seemed to spend more money on prisons than anything else. They are leaving us with a weak army and government. But at least I can say that things are much better in Basra here. The progress during the past two years has been amazing and we have far more freedoms than we did under Saddam."
Hashim Laebbei civil servant in Basra, southern Iraq
"The reality is that the occupiers destroyed the country, then left. For seven years they could not control things, so them pulling out won't make a difference. They left us without a professional army or security forces and they have surrendered our country to Iran. There are so many negatives about the occupation. There is one positive though; at least we can leave Iraq."
Sheikh Ammar Meshari from Diyyala, eastern Iraq
"There were some benefits of the occupation, such as new salaries and more opportunities. But look at the downside, perhaps millions dead, orphans and handicapped. The situation here is very vague and is likely to get much worse. It is not a long road back from where we are now to more assassinations and civil war."
Ahlam Omar unemployed, west Baghdad
"When the Americans came we were very happy, first to get rid of Saddam Hussein and also because the Kurds are the best allies in Iraq. We immediately thought of investment and stabilisation. And it's fair to say that we have benefited more than any other area in Iraq. Life has improved, the economy is very good, the oil sector is doing well and we have huge projects under way in health and tourism."
Dashti Abdulallah Mustafa journalist from Erbil, Kurdish region
Judge denies order to stop Detroit teacher 'sick-outs'
DETROIT (AP) — The latest on teacher sick-outs that have closed most of Detroit's public schools (all times local):
____
1:30 p.m.
Protesters stand outside Cadillac Place, Monday, Jan. 25, 2016, in Detroit, where a judge is hearing arguments in a case that could force teachers to stop skipping school. The teachers' so-called sick-outs have repeatedly forced the district to close schools during the past two weeks, keeping thousands of students at home, so in a bid to stop the absences, the district filed a lawsuit. Teachers are upset over pay, class sizes, building conditions and Gov. Rick Snyder's plan to overhaul the district. (AP Photo/Carlos Osorio)
A Detroit judge has again denied a temporary restraining order requested by the city's school district that would force teachers to stop skipping school.
The judge said Monday there's no proof the union or individual activists are behind the teacher absences, called sick-outs.
Action could still come later: A preliminary hearing in the case has been scheduled for Feb. 16.
Detroit Public Schools' Emergency Manager Darnell Earley said after the hearing that the district's "sole purpose is to get teachers back in the classroom."
Teachers are upset over pay, class sizes, building conditions and Gov. Rick Snyder's plan to overhaul the district.
The district says two schools are closed Monday due to a high volume of teacher absences.
Detroit has about 100 public schools and 46,000 students.
___
11:15 a. m.
About 60 Detroit teachers are protesting outside of a court where a judge will hear arguments in a case that could force teachers to stop skipping school.
A couple dozen are in the courtroom waiting for hearing to start. A judge is holding a hearing Monday on the district's lawsuit to stop the absences, called sick-outs, which have repeatedly forced the district to close schools during the past two weeks and kept thousands of students at home.
Steve Conn, a teacher and activist, says the governor and the school district's emergency manager should be put on trial, not teachers.
Teachers are upset over pay, class sizes, building conditions and Gov. Rick Snyder's plan to overhaul the district.
The district says two schools are closed Monday due to a high volume of teacher absences.
Detroit has about 100 public schools and 46,000 students.
____
7:30 a.m.
Detroit teachers plan to protest outside of a court where a judge is to hear arguments in a case that could force teachers to stop skipping school.
The teachers' so-called sick-outs have repeatedly forced the district to close schools during the past two weeks, keeping thousands of students at home. A judge will hold a hearing Monday on the district's bid to stop the absences.
Steve Conn, a teacher and activist, says the governor and the school district's emergency manager should be put on trial, not teachers.
Teachers are upset over pay, class sizes, building conditions and Gov. Rick Snyder's plan to overhaul the district.
The district says two schools are closed Monday due to a high volume of teacher absences.
Detroit has about 100 public schools and 46,000 students.
To the beautiful woman at Bar 13, I probably looked like any other Brooklyn, N.Y., scenester in the winter of 2004: tight jeans, shaggy hair and a pale complexion. They sidled up beside me on the black banquette and chatted me up over blaring rock music. Self-deprecating flirtation turned to drink buying as we made grandiose pronouncements about politics and punk rock. They had majored in literature but was now living in Williamsburg and commuting to New Jersey three times a week to strip. They certainly looked the part. I was instantly attracted to her, and they knew it.
We had our first kiss in a dark corner. Before long, we were flying down the stairs of the club and climbing into the back of a cab. Within 30 minutes we would be back at their house for hours of groping and tussling, but when I asked the cabbie to pop the trunk, they asked, “What is that big, green bag you're carrying?” I looked at my feet and confessed.
Advertisement:
I had a barely disguised secret that night: If I hadn't hooked up with a lady, I would have slept on a friend's cold floor in a sleeping bag. Actually, that was the best-case scenario. I might have slept sitting up on the L train until morning rush hour bade my day to begin. I've heard men in my position called sex gypsies, or kept men – both of which sounded ridiculous to me, because I was a smart, normal guy in my early 20s living in the greatest city in the world -- but by accepting their offer of a warm bed, the place where I would sleep for many weeks thereafter, that's what I had become.
* * *
I had been self-reliant for a few years prior to this period. In the early 2000s, housing was still relatively cheap in parts of New York City. While others were toiling away at 9-to-5 jobs in midtown for 30K a year, I had managed to secure waiter/bartender gigs that were netting me $200 to $300 per night, cash. While my peers invested in 401Ks and equities, I got hot tips from investment bankers and French tourists. Working two or three nights was all I needed to survive and the rest of my time could go to making music, writing and hanging out all night.
This kind of lifestyle rarely lasts, of course. The apartment I shared in Bushwick with my roommate turned into a place for hard drinking and drugs. Over a couple of years they and I had gone from “chipping” (as the junkies call it) every once in a while to doing one, two or three bags of heroin a day, with dashes of cocaine for good measure. When I realized drugs were becoming more an end in themselves, as opposed to a means to having fun, I tried to quit, but my roommate continued to use. After a big fight broke out, I asked them to leave.
But my income could not cover the whole apartment. My attempts to clean up were faltering, and I was getting more and more behind on rent. As it turned out, my landlord was an Italian-American business person whose coterie included a lot of big guys in black leather jackets. One night that winter I got home late from work and my next-door neighbor informed me with a look of concern that the landlords' flunkies had gone through my apartment looking for money. When I found a threatening letter on the kitchen table, that was it: I packed as many belongings as I could into a big, green army bag and simply left.
Lacking the cash for a down payment, and still throwing away money on drugs, I spent a couple of weeks drifting around and crashing on friends' and exes' couches. Unsurprisingly, there is only a finite amount of good will and couch space to go around, so about the time I met the beautiful stripper at Bar 13, I was spending a night or two sleeping on the train. Thankfully, they were a nice person and not the least bit scandalized by my situation, so I essentially moved in with my big, green army bag in tow.
Advertisement:
They had a spacious apartment, and we enjoyed hot showers and fine sex. We even mixed these pursuits together when the fancy struck. Our relationship wasn't emotionally deep. I don't think we ever had a serious talk about where we were going as a couple. Nevertheless, the time we spent together was comfortable. We spent evenings watching a movie and splitting a bottle of wine. I was always amused that this badass stripper's favorite film was “Bridget Jones's Diary”, and they would sigh on my shoulder with contentment.
Maybe this sounds like a clichéd male fantasy ripped from the tawdry pages of Letters to Penthouse. But that just goes to show how one-dimensional the packaged portrayals of “male fantasy” can be. Even as I enjoyed the pleasures of being kept, I was wracked by feelings of inadequacy. How does society judge a man who survives off the income of a woman? Our arrangement was mutually beneficial. Did that make it OK? Still, I couldn't shake the feeling that I had screwed up badly. How did I become so reliant on another person to meet my basic needs for food and shelter?
The awkwardness of our financial arrangement would reveal itself from time to time. We only went out to medium-priced dinners in the neighborhood. Usually when I was short on cash, they would put in extra to cover me. When I was short on subway fare, they would drive me to work on the Lower East Side. When they were out stripping I would hang around their house, eat their food and play guitar. When they got home and put down their purse I'd see huge stacks of 20s and remember my pockets were full of change.
Every night that I stayed at their house — no matter how much fun we were having and how much satisfaction we gave each other — so grew the gnawing shame of being reliant on a woman's income. Every moment of closeness – every moment that suggested what we had might be more than casual sex and convenience -- was undercut with a pang of guilt in which I remembered how my failures had landed me in such an uneven relationship. If I had the ability to be honest, I would have told her, “Look, I really enjoy spending time with you and appreciate your generosity, but at least 50 percent of the reason I am here right now is because I have nowhere else to go.”
Advertisement:
I knew if our roles had been reversed – if I had been the one taking care of them – I would not have felt so twisted. Society is still a patriarchal affair, more comfortable with the Norman Rockwell portrait of male as breadwinner, woman as homemaker arrangement. A rich older man with a much younger and hotter wife, one who just happens to be their dog groomer, may be the subject of eye rolling and petty gossip, but that arrangement is still far more acceptable than mine. I was dubbed a mooch, a parasite, a loafer. A sex gypsy. All unflattering terms, because being dependent on a female, even your mother after a certain age, shows a lack of masculinity, just as having a young and hot wife enforces your perceived manhood.
I had always prided myself on nonconformity. I devoured anthropology books and had strong feelings about the straitjacket of gender roles, and I wanted to shake off those outdated behaviors and be kind to all my partners and treat them with respect. If anyone could have overcome this double standard, it should have been me. But as much as I knew I was not hurting them by living there, and as much as I realized that living with a stripper who paid for the cocaine was many a man's dream, I still felt terribly self-conscious and conflicted about the whole affair. I could not overcome it no matter how hard I tried.
After a couple of months, I got back on my feet. I managed to quit drugs and save enough money to get an apartment with a friend. With my need for shelter taken care of, I drifted away from the beautiful stripper who had cared for me. I stayed at their place less and less frequently. We would meet up at bars and parties and spend the night together, but it wasn't the same. I guess I didn't need them anymore, and both sides of our relationship had been built on this need.
Advertisement:
I'm cleaned up now, and I have a good job and my own apartment. Several years after we parted, I ran into them at a bar and we got to talking. They had become famous in the porn industry and probably had more money than ever. But there was a distance between us. They answered my questions without looking me in the eye. They only laughed lightly at my jokes. They left abruptly with only a handshake. As I watched their walk away, I knew I had hurt them
I am certain that the sadness came not from the money they spent on me. Likewise, I don't even regret the “emasculating” experience of accepting help in a rough time. Maybe no man should. Maybe the difference between a sex gypsy and a guy-going-through-a-hard-time-who-finds-a-woman-who-cares is not in how poor they are and how much help they accept, but in how honest they are with themselves and others. Great sex and free rent are nice, but nothing can replace a person's integrity and self-respect. I didn't have it then. And that's the part of me that was really broke.
Making Something from Nothing Ch.9
Weiss ran.
Never had they run so quickly in their life. The piece of paper in their hands was becoming damp from the sweat in their palms. Of course, they were nervous; they had the answer to everything.
All because of that damn note Jaune had thrown at them
Now they had the two answers they needed. Running up the flight of stairs, down a hall, and to a door.
The door.
Barging in, their room looked just as it always. White, eloquent, peaceful.
"Weiss, dear, why are you home?" Them father asked from the entrance.
"Just needed to check something." Weiss muttered, hardly paying attention.
"Well you ordered my jet to pick you up, so it must be important."
"Eh."
Them father sighed and rolled their eyes, walking away.
"What is missing?" Weiss thought.
The sun, the wind, the room…
"Jaune" their eyes lit up. They were right.
Knocking on the door of JNPR's room, they tapped their foot impatiently. Footsteps, a click, a slight moment of hesitation, and the door opened.
"What do you need, Ice Queen?" Jaune asked half-heartedly.
They held out their hand. They held out their palm and they dropped crumpled piece of paper into theirs hand.
"Thanks?" They asked unsure of what it was.
"I was going to write you note back, but I figured I felt the same way, so here's your note back, just with a few adjustments."
Jaune slowly unfolded the paper.
"Weiss Schnee Jaune Arc, I am in love with you. I want to speak with you after class I want to get dinner with you tonight."
Jaune looked up at Weiss, and back down at the paper. They looked up again.
"B-…" They tried speaking.
"No." They cut them off.
"A-"
"I'm one-hundred percent certain."
They ran a hand through their hair. "So, you want to grab that dinner?"
"Already have it planned. My father wants to meet the amazing boy who could keep my attention."
Jaune gulped. Weiss giggled. "Don't worry; they aren't nearly as harsh as I am."
"Alright, well I'll get ready then."
"Oh no, Arc," They said, jabbing a finger in their chest, causing them to back into their room. "You have caused me to wait for too long."
They forced them back some more and closed the door.
"I don't like waiting."
A/N: For those of you wondering what happened to Ruby, the sentences where Weiss cut them off were actually them asking Weiss about them The cutoffs just seem more "Weiss" with them knowing the obvious questions.
In whole: "But aren't you happy with Ruby?" and "Are you sure it's me?".
Next, I'm sorry, but I couldn't drag myself through another chapter. Some things happening recently have caused the spark to go out.
by
DONETSK, Peoples Republic of Donetsk
February 11, 2015
Kyiv troops shelled the city of Donetsk yesterday. It was powerful and violent, as if a parting, a farewell for the last time. But I knew it was not for the last time, despite the ceasefire negotiations going on in Minsk.
This morning, their shells landed at a bus depot in the city centre. Several people died. So far, I've only seen pictures on the Internet because I can't bring myself to go there and see with my own eyes the place of the tragedy. Less than two months ago, during my first trip to Donetsk, I departed several times from this bus depot. I purchased items in the now-ruined drugstore at the same location. I drank coffee while waiting for the bus there. If yesterday, somehow, I had appeared in that part of town, I would not be writing this column. I wouldn't be writing anything at all.
A deputy of the Parliament in Kyiv from the electoral bloc of Petro Poroshenko has submitted a bill that would make it a crime to deny that “Russian aggression” is responsible for the war here in eastern Ukraine. I guess that means I'll soon be considered a criminal because I deny the military aggression of the Russian Federation. I don't see any Russian or Chechen soldiers here in Donetsk. I only see local militia, who are standing up to defend their homeland and their way of life. And I see civilians who, despite the fact that the city is being constantly shelled, are going about their business and doing what they think is proper – they work, they help those who are suffering from the war even more than they are suffering, and they hope for a rapid end to the war. I say this is a civil war, brought on by the aggression of Kyiv.
No proposed bill and not even an eventual law will make me afraid to do a “crimethink”. I see parallels between the novel ‘1984' and the current Ukrainian government. It's ludicrous, but that's because the Kyiv government is ludicrous in the way it reproduces the sort of world portrayed by George Orwell in their book, as if it were following the novel as an instruction manual. “We have a war, but it is not a war.” (The government will not formally declare war.)
“We were attacked by Russia, and we have evidence, but we will not produce it.”
“We kill for peace.”
“We destroy the Donbas region, because we love it”,
“We do not buy goods from the aggressor, but we do have businesses on the aggressor's territory, including producing and selling candies there.” (Poroshenko's chocolate and candy enterprises are happily doing business in Russia.)
“We pursue in the courts those who are for peace, because they are guilty of war.”
All this and more is the new doublethink which Kyiv authorities impose upon the people of Ukraine.
The repressive bill against critics of conscription would legalize the persecution of those who do not want to die in this war. It allows for the tapping of the phones of relatives of suspected “criminals”. If adopted, the bill will not mark a new stage in the formation of the fascist power in Ukraine, because Ukrainian authorities did not need laws to legitimize their already existing fascism.
From now on, they can send people to prison for refusing to participate in this undeclared and officially non-existent war, while profiting from business relations with those whom they label everywhere an aggressor. The Kyiv government will continue to destroy and cripple thousands of lives in order to stay on top of the power pyramid. It will use all possible means. But it fails to notice that its power pyramid sits atop a shaky base of trash and broken chairs. It is crumbling as I write.
Artillery shells are constantly exploding outside my window, almost non-stop. Obviously, Kyiv military forces have decided to vent their spite until the last possible moment before the truce is supposed to begin on Saturday at midnight.
Yulia Malkina is a writer and editor at the left-wing Ukrainian web journal Liva.com (‘The Left'). Liva publishes a page of selected articles in English, translated from the Ukrainian and Russian-language originals.
Editor's postscript:
Donetsk resident Dan Levy was an eyewitness to the shelling of a bus depot in Donetsk in the early hours of Feb 11, 2015. They write the following report on their Facebook page and posted some photos there. Radio Free Europe has a brief video clip of the aftermath of the attack.
The lack of clear information about what Microsoft does with the data that Windows 10 collects prevents consumers from giving their informed consent, says the Dutch Data Protection Authority (DPA). As such, the regulator says that the operating system is breaking the law.
To comply with the law, the DPA says that Microsoft needs to get valid user consent: this means the company must be clearer about what data is collected and how that data is processed. The regulator also complains that the Windows 10 Creators Update doesn't always respect previously chosen settings about data collection. In the Creators Update, Microsoft introduced new, clearer wording about the data collection—though this language still wasn't explicit about what was collected and why—and it forced everyone to re-assert their privacy choices through a new settings page. In some situations, though, that page defaulted to the standard Windows options rather than defaulting to the settings previously chosen.
In the Creators Update, Microsoft also explicitly enumerated all the data collected in Windows 10's "Basic" telemetry setting. However, the company has not done so for the "Full" option, and the Full option remains the default.
The Windows 10 privacy options continue to be a work in progress for Microsoft. The Fall Creators Update, due for release on October 17, makes further changes to the way the operating system and applications collect data and the consent required to do so. Microsoft says that it will work with the DPA to "find appropriate solutions" to ensure that Windows 10 complies with the law. However, in its detailed response to the DPA's findings, Microsoft disagrees with some of the DPA's objections. In particular, the company claims that its disclosure surrounding the Full telemetry setting—both in terms of what it collects and why—is sufficient and that users are capable of making informed decisions.
The DPA's complaint doesn't call for Microsoft to offer a complete opt out of the telemetry and data collection, instead focusing on ensuring that Windows 10 users know what the operating system and Microsoft are doing with their data. The regulator says that Microsoft wants to "end all violations," but if the software company fails to do so, it faces sanctions.
Of all the movie categories out there (I try to avoid the word ‘Genre', I dunno?) horror has got to be the one that remains the most difficult to do something new and inventive in.
From the producers of Paranormal Activity and Insidious, this doesn't quite bookmark the next new chapter in horror but it delivers a host of genuine chills as Ethan Hawke's struggling true crime writer goes to work on their next big hit.
By buying and moving into the house of their next disturbing subject he's hoping for inspiration; man do they get it, as they not so unpredictably stumbles upon a cache of Super 8 snuff movies revealing a variety of horrendous family slayings.
Their own family comes with baggage; their son suffers with night terrors and a wide eyed daughter has a liking for spookily drawing on walls. Throw in a supporting, sanity checking wife along with the warning of the local fuzz and right there we have all the staple ingredients needed.
While being in the most part predictable, Sinister still becomes one of the better horror offerings of recent years; an efficient and alarming fright fest at the very first due to the unfortunate former families found footage opening ‘hang out' that instantly sets an eerie tone that is maintained throughout.
Wide shots and partially filled frames take the eye away and down into corridors and behind into darkness waiting for something to pop out, and the sterile, dimly lit house is an abode that's unwelcoming and feels every bit chilly.
The intermittently viewed collection of super 8 films offer the greatest chills as multiple family executions take place in a variety of disturbing and inventive scenarios. With a low gore value the found footage episodes genuinely terrify the mind as much as the eyes. An uncomfortable soundtrack to accompany the visual reel flickering powerfully adds to the tension.
Hawke does a strong job in holding all the tension together in what is pretty much a one-man show, their descent into alcoholism and further anxiety gets better and better as events on super 8 take their toll, but how Mrs Hawke manages for most of the movie to remain smiley and seemingly oblivious to all that's going on as Ethan bumps around in the night with baseball bat in hand, is a query.
Laughs are attempted at with the recurrent appearance of ‘Deputy so and so' and in the most part offer a funny distraction from frights, popping the question of what their real place in this piece is, if any?
Efficiently delivering its shocks in unsurprising fashion perhaps, but as an overall scare piece it's highly disturbing indeed and a brutal and very unsettling finale provides the vital pay off.
So, perhaps not the next new thing in horror, but no less terrifying.
Sinister then? Absolutely!
Blu Ray – Lovefilm by post
Advertisements
Unlike powder snow, fresh dirt doesn't fall from the sky. It's fun to skid, but the reality is that skids drag dirt off trails. Yes some trails (machine built flow) are designed to withstand some sliding around, but many trails aren't.So what's a rider supposed to do for fun and style around tight corners? The good news is that there is another way. Check out Red Bull pro rider and technical riding genius, Thomas Ohler in this next video. Thomas is the guest coach for my upcoming Tight Switchback and Stoppie online course and here they show off why these super-cool, trail friendly skills are important for riders who like tech trails to learn.Thomas makes those nose pivot turns look easy, but as you can imagine they require some well-considered learning progressions to dial-them-in safely. So if you want to up your game beyond skids or powerslides, and you're looking for structured guidance, this course is launching in the New Year. Sign up here if you'd like to get notified. Remember, this isn't just about flair and style, these techniques are incredibly practical. Cue visuals of stoppies and nose pivots in the wild...And if you can already ride stoppies and nose pivots, let others know what it feels like! Is it worth learning?-Ryan
This year, SLO Solidarity has brought issues of inclusivity and diversity to light. While winter quarter was relatively quiet, the group plans to do more in spring. Still, some students are unsure about the group's purpose.
“I don't really know much about them other than they are activists,” kinesiology junior Alex Saenz said. “You don't see much about them.”
What's happened
SLO Solidarity said it is fighting for the marginalized. After offensive remarks on the Cal Poly College Republicans' annual free speech wall, SLO Solidarity sent a list of 41 demands to administration.
Behind the scenes, SLO Solidarity met with Cal Poly President Jeffrey Armstrong and their team on Jan. 7. During this meeting, both sides discussed the new phase of the diversity action plan that was originally released in Fall 2015. On March 16, the Office of Diversity and Inclusivity announced the draft of phase two of the action plan that was discussed between SLO Solidarity and administration. However, the campuswide email stressed that this is a “working document.”
“This is a working document, reflecting the many large and small efforts being done across the Cal Poly campus to bring about meaningful and systemic change. This approach also recognizes that we will improve as we implement change, and we will learn from our efforts,” the email said. “We will update the plan quarterly, per the commitment to our community made in the January email from the Office of University Diversity and Inclusivity (OUDI), sharing the goals, achievements and learnings as we move forward.”
SLO Solidarity leader and political science sophomore Matt Klepfer said they are not satisfied with the spring diversity action plan.
“The new action plan outlines a lot more of the action steps needed to create our vision for a new Cal Poly,” Klepfer said in an email. “Sadly, however, it didn't include more steps the university will be taking toward creating a more diverse and inclusive campus. It highlighted a more mythological approach to the action items that were already laid out in the January action plan.”
Before the administration's announcement, SLO Solidarity took action again after a student reported hateful and racially charged vandalism in their room at Poly Canyon Village. According to Klepfer, the group sent an email asking administration to release the next phase of the action plan in light of these events.
“On Feb. 29, SLO Solidarity sent a follow-up email asking why a new action plan, one with more substance and accountability, had not yet been released,” SLO Solidarity said in a letter to the editor.
The letter continued, informing the student body that SLO Solidarity is trying to change the campus for the better.
“SLO Solidarity remains committed to envisioning and working toward a more diverse, inclusive and equitable Cal Poly,” SLO Solidarity said in the letter. “Sadly, without an action plan ingrained with substance and accountability, the Cal Poly administration may not share our vision.”
Student reactions
The vision of SLO Solidarity has faced opposition by some on campus. Students such as architectural engineering first-year student Madi Burgess are still trying to understand what that vision is.
“I think an organization like this is needed on campus, but I am not sure whether this specific group will get things done in a responsible manner,” Burgess said. “So far, I don't know too much.”
SLO Solidarity doesn't have a defined structure, according to its leaders. As of now, it's not an official club on campus. Klepfer and SLO Solidarity leader and political science sophomore Mick Bruckner said the group isn't set up like a traditional club in that sense. Bruckner said the group is just a collective of students. This allows the group to be more flexible to be able to address certain issues on campus.
“Basically, it's working to promote diversity on campus. It doesn't really have a specific purpose,” Klepfer said. “It organically molds to what needs to be done at the time.”
The group has seen some internal disagreement in regard to planning and addressing certain issues. A document from its Facebook page, entitled “SLO Solidarity Event; Thursday, Jan. 21st 2016,” contains a statement section where members could comment about the meeting with administration that week. One anonymous member wrote:
“I have never personally felt uncomfortable as a homosexual student until this movement came about. Now I feel like I have to watch my back. I refuse to go on campus when this movement has any rallies due to my safety as a student. It does not raise awareness. It raises anger and it does not help any cause. I fear for myself now as a Cal Poly Mustang because of SLO Solidarity.”
The action of sending 41 demands to the administration has been debated, inside and outside the group.
Recreation, parks and tourism administration first-year student Ally Birmingham did not see the demands as beneficial to campus.
“I think they have the right intentions, but I think the minority group will not have the best reaction to it,” Birmingham said. “Sometimes they will take offense to it and sometimes they don't want these certain issues like this to be pushed. If the minority group doesn't feel they are being discriminated against, then it becomes the whites who think they should change things. As a result, it creates a reverse cycle.”
A former member of SLO Solidarity, environmental management and protection senior Kyle Jordan, said they also felt unsure about SLO Solidarity's actions.
“I think just being involved in student government myself was the best way to approach administration and complex government procedures is done it through the public process. The list of demands, to me, is a little bit aggressive,” said Jordan, who ran for Associated Students, Inc. president last year. “Demanding people to change things isn't a democratic process. It's not taking the input from everybody out on campus. Not involving everybody makes it hard for people to support you.”
Going forward
Students might not see the need for change, according to SLO Solidarity leader and psychology junior Kristin Lee, who expressed their frustration with “white, heterosexual, cisgender male” population and boxed-in stereotypical behavior on Cal Poly's campus.
Last year's incoming first-year student class had approximately 60 percent of students come from a White and non-Hispanic background, according to the California State University (CSU) Mentor.
“They like waking up being white, straight, cisgender males because they have privileges,” Lee said. “If I wanted to be a dumbass bimbo getting Starbucks every day, I would do that. But I don't want to do that; I don't want to sit there and assimilate to everything that involves being in the white lifestyle.”
For now, the group is looking to have another protest during spring quarter.
“We are looking to start protesting during the faculty protests,” Bruckner said. “April has historically been politically active and we are looking to bring diversity issues back in the spotlight.”
If you've worked on a few Drupal sites, no doubt you've run into one of those horrendously slow sites. To call it a pig, would be unfair. Pigs can actually be quite fast. (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pig_racing)
Image Credit: Calibas
There are a few common speed enhancements. To start with, you can make sure that Drupal's native database caching is turned on and Javascript and CSS aggregation are enabled (IE. your basic settings under admin/config/development/performance.) If you have time and resources there's Nginx, Varnish, APC and Memcache—these are general-purpose web technology and all require a degree of configuration. They may not be possible in all hosting situations.
One other option that is specific to Drupal is Filecache (http://drupal.org/project/filecache). While Drupal core stores cache information to the database, filecache will store it directly in the filesystem. The idea here is that the database is already pretty busy and has some overhead that's not really necessary for storing cache. Filecache avoids that complexity and as a result can make your site faster.
Memcache vs. Filecache
I thought I would compare Filecache to its big brother to see how they stack up. To do so, I set up a server at Digital Ocean—a 2GB virtual server with 2 cores and 40GB SSDs.
The Setup
I wanted a fairly standard setup of LAMP + Memcache running on Ubuntu 12.04 32-bit. This gave me a chance to work a bit more with Chef Solo to provision the server. I'll share my experience with using Chef in an upcoming post.
The Drupal site itself was basically just core Drupal, plus Views and the Memcache and Filecache modules. I also included APC for good measure. I used Devel Generate (part of the Devel module http://drupal.org/projects/devel) to generate 500 random nodes. Using Views, I created a view that was a clone of the default "frontpage" view, with 100 nodes per page. The result was a fairly long page or about 190KB. All caching options for Drupal and for the view were enabled.
Benchmarking
I used ApacheBench to run many simultaneous requests to the server. It is fairly basic in what it can do, but it does give fairly comprehensive statistics. I ran the ApacheBench command
The ApacheBench command looks like this:
ab -n 500 -c 30 http://example.com/mypage
The -n option is the number of total requests. The -c option is concurrency—in other words, the maximum number of requests that could be sent at the same time. I did my tests with 500 total requests and concurrency of 1, 30 and 50. The median response time was recorded for each test. I ran each test several times to confirm the results.
Surprising Results
The most surprising thing I found was that Memcache actually slowed things down. First, I had to check that it actually was working, so I enabled memcache_admin (part of the Drupal Memcache module) to confirm that I actually was getting cache hits. I was. Next, I increased the memory used by memcache from 64MB to 256MB. No difference. Finally, I noticed that memcache logging was enabled, so I commented out that and the "verbose" flag. This did make a bit of an improvement, but not a great one. For my simple test site, Memcache was not helping.
Results: Core Drupal Cache
Median response times for the core Drupal database caching:
Concurrency 1: 5ms
Concurrency 30: 89ms
Concurrency 50: 156ms
Not bad... That little VPS performs well. The main advantage of the core caching is that it is easy to set up... just a few checkboxes.
Results: Memcache
The best I was able to wring out of memcache was still not better than core Drupal.
Concurrency 1: 5ms
Concurrency 30: 101ms
Concurrency 50: 166ms
Memcache is the most difficult to set up. You have to install the memcache daemon itself, you need a PHP mod installed and you have to add a few lines to your site's settings.php file. I have to assume I'd get a benefit in a more complex site, with a load that was more like real-world users.
Results: Filecache
The median request times for Filecache were the best of the lot.
Concurrency 1: 5ms
Concurrency 30: 81ms
Concurrency 50: 134ms
Filecache is the winner here. In this test it did marginally better than core, but I've seen about 35% knocked off the response times of a complex Drupal site. Filecache is also very easy to install... just install the module and add two lines to the settings.php file.
Conclusions
Easiest to install is core Drupal, with Filecache coming a close second. Memcache is not daunting, but it will definitely take some time to install and tune.
Fastest is Filecache, while Memcache was surprisingly slower than the standard core Drupal caching.
I'll be going with Filecache in most situations where the web performance stack is not predetermined and I don't have a lot of time to fuss with the ideal caching strategy.
Things to Consider
I wouldn't consider my test to be entirely scientific. Off the top of my head, I can think of several things I'd want to control better:
I did my testing a VPS, so I don't have control over the activity from other servers sharing the hardware.
Digital Ocean uses SSD which might give an advantage to filecache that it wouldn't have on a conventional hard drive. SSDs are still much slower than RAM, however.
ApacheBench only requests the page... the other resources such as images, Javascript and CSS are not retrieved. As a whole, it doesn't give a very accurate simulation of real-world users.
Credits
Here are some articles that were helpful in getting things working with Chef and Memcache:
Updated August 13, 2014
It was a late December night a few years ago, and my partner and I were bored. Perhaps boredom and cabin fever got the best of us, and since it was the holiday season, we got it in our heads to go caroling. So we hit iTunes, downloaded "The Chipmunks Christmas Album" and a few other songs, burned them to a CD, and set forth…in the ambulance.
As my partner drove around the neighborhood, I cranked the stereo up, and held the PA mike to the speaker. Most of the real carolers we encountered seemed to find it amusing, but for some reason a few homeowners weren't in as festive a mood as we were, and lodged complaints.
Later, as I was unsuccessfully feigning shame and remorse to my supervisor, I don't know what I found funnier: the look on the supervisor's face, or the fact that one of the complainants had remarked that whichever medic was singing, did a remarkably accurate impression of Porky Pig singing Blue Christmas.
My partner and I pondered the possibilities afterward (and from the duck blind during our suspension) of what it would be like to have Porky Pig as a partner. Imagine Porky delivering a patient report or asking medical control for orders, or asking a stroke patient to say, "You can't teach an old dog new tricks."
Ultimately, we had to reject the notion of Porky Pig as the perfect paramedic partner, because as funny as it might be to watch them do those things, he'd also be likely to raise their hand and ask questions during those interminably boring CE sessions, and if we ever let them order food in the drive-thru, we'd never get to eat.
So in that spirit, I give you my list of the Top 10 Celebrities it Would be Cool To Work With:
Wile E. Coyote. Excuse me, that's "Wile E. Coy-o-tay, splinting geeeeenius." Everybody has worked with that EMT who seems capable of fashioning a traction splint from a popsicle stick, a back issue of JEMS and a couple of Twizzlers, but Wile E. Coyote is the master of improvisation, baby. Besides, who wouldn't like to run calls in an Acme rocket-powered sled? Nathan Fillion. Some people, when in need of leadership inspiration, look to historical military figures, or Winston Churchill. I, however, subscribe to the wisdom of Captain Malcom Reynolds. Come on, who wouldn't want Captain Mal as your operations supervisor? He'd have ample experience keeping your rickety ambulances running, and when they tell a patient, "You're too gorram pretty to die," you'd believe them because he's, well… Captain Mal. And if you think he's too free-wheeling to be a good medic, you probably work for the Alliance anyway. Or you QA EMS run reports, whichever. Ken Jeong. I've met a bunch of doctors who thought they were funny, but Ken Jeong is one doctor who actually lives up to the hype. Imagine working a code with this guy, also known as Mr. Chow from "The Hangover." Stevie Wonder. It would take one of those U.K. ambulances with the steering wheel on the wrong side to make this work, but think of the comedic potential. Perch Stevie in the left front seat, turn on your lights and sirens, and zoom off down the street. When you approach the annoying woman in the convertible, yakking on their cell phone and ignoring everything around her, just pass them on the right. And as you draw abreast of her, they curse and makes an obscene gesture at the driver… and it's Stevie. Freakin'. Wonder. Now, how cool would that be? Plus, Stevie has abnormally acute hearing. He'd be your go-to guy for auscultation. Next time the triage nurse asks that silly questions about the patient's bowel sounds, you could give them a real answer instead of saying, "Sounds like a Powerstroke diesel engine." R. Lee Ermey. Take your id, and place them in the passenger seat. Now give them free rein to say all the things you've wanted to say to your patients but couldn't, with all the creative profanity they can muster. If that part of your psyche had a face, he'd look just like Gunnery Sergeant Hartman in "Full Metal Jacket." Imagine hanging back on your next 3:00 a.m. hemorrhoids call, basking in the warm, warm glow of satisfaction as your partner bellows, "What is your major malfunction? Didn't Mommy and Daddy teach you to drive your freakin' car for namby pamby complaints like this? You got hemorrhoids? You ARE a hemorrhoid, maggot!" Heck, I get a wistful tear in my eye just thinking about it. Christopher Walken. Every single time we get dispatched to a nursing home, and the nurse says, "He's got a fever…," it takes every ounce of willpower I can muster not to finish with, "… and the only prescription, is more cowbell." Who better to deliver a line like that than the man himself? Chris Walken is the prefect creepy/quirky type of cool to work a night shift with. Chuck Norris. Little known fact: When the Grim Reaper goes to bed at night, they first check under their bed for Chuck Norris. He'd be the ultimate white cloud, because when Chuck is on duty, people are afraid to die. Wouldn't need a glucometer or i-STAT either, because Chuck Norris can taste a single drop of blood and give you a blood glucose reading, CBC and electrolytes, and blood type. Plus, you'd never again need lights and sirens. Just perch ol' Walker, Texas Ranger on the hood, and they could roundhouse kick traffic into the ditch as you blow past. Neil Patrick Harris, circa 1990. Every partner I get these days looks so young I'm tempted to call them Doogie Howser, so I can only imagine how young they look to our elderly patients. Picture the look on their faces when we say, "No Ma'am, he's not an EMS Explorer. He's our medical control physician." Darth Vader. The dark lord of the Sith is the perfect crusty, cynical burned-out partner. He's done it long enough to know all the shortcuts, and he's not too hung up on pesky things like compassion and ethics. They don't need a cardiac monitor -- vehicles simply levitate out of the way on emergency responses, and no more waiting for the defibrillator to charge. To heck with hands-free defibrillation, Vader gives you across-the-room defibrillation. When the triage nurse says, "We're full up, find a spot on the wall," they could do the Jedi Mind Trick and say, "They don't need to wait. They can go straight to a room." Best of all, if some uppity PGY1 resident questions their treatment, they could turn to them and say in that quiet but menacing voice, "Personally, I find your lack of faith… disturbing." I'd pay good money to see that. Randy Mantooth. Picture it: You're bringing a patient to the ED in the city that everyone hates, the one where the nurses are snotty, the doctors all graduated from medical school with Galen, and everyone treats medics like they're one step above amphibian dung. You roll in with your patient, and the medic gives report: "50-year-old male with Beta-blocker overdose, slow PEA on arrival. Intubated, IO in the left leg, got ROSC after glucagon, calcium, bicarb and two rounds of epinephrine…" … and Doctor Ancient looks up to see that the medic giving handoff report is Johnny Gage. Then Randy could give them that famous toothy grin, clap them on the shoulder and say, "Relax, Doc. It's not really 1974, despite the way you practice medicine."
Got any celebrities or famous characters you'd like to work a shift with? Chime in with your comments.
Congratulations, you have discovered Wikipedia, one of the most popular sites on the Internet and probably the leading informational resource in the world today.
Unfortunately some people are evil and have to be banned. In order to save time, we have compiled this easy questionnaire. It's multiple choice, one answer only.
Q: You have discovered a website which has enormous reach and is used by millions of people every day. You think:
Wow, this is awesome! How can I help? Wow, this is awesome! How can I use this to my advantage?
Scoring:
1 point 0 points
Marking: 0 points: Fail. Please die in a fire. 1 point: Pass. Welcome!
It seems like the authors of this 'test' are evil, willing people to die and in a most horrible manner.
14.9K Shares
FREDERICKSBURG, FL – Local cat, Smokey, has been staying in the local vet hospital – in the ICU – for about 4 years. This feline needs the assistance of a mechanical ventilator to breath, and has for their entire stay. Smokey was declared brain dead by the veterinarian, but their family made them a full code and placed them on the ventilator.
“We are still hoping for a miracle,” Cheryl Anderson, Smokey's owner told reporters. “There's a warm dish of [butcher-quality] chicken and tuna with a saucer of milk, waiting for you Smokey, at home.”
Unfortunately for Smokey that dish will never be eaten, especially if it has been sitting out for 4 years. This small domesticated carnivorous mammal with soft fur was diagnosed with terminal cancer. Cheryl has done everything to keep hope alive.
“Last week we started permanent dialysis,” Dr. Raynod, Smokey's veterinarian told the press. “He is dialyzed Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. He's tolerating it very well.”
Dr. Raynod had to call a pediatric gastroenterologist from Mercy Hospital to perform the PEG portion of their trach and PEG. “They just have smaller scopes,” said Cheryl. “Now we are able to grind up their favorite meals and they are enjoying it quite a bit.” This claim cannot be confirmed except per Cheryl, who knows their purring well. GomerBlog cannot confirm or deny if the sounds are purring or the resonance of the ventilator.
Their stay has been complicated by ventilator associated pneumonia and they even are getting cachectic because of lack of TPN. “I couldn't get my TPN orders in on time; I'm not used to dealing with pharmacy. So glad we have a PEG now,” said Dr. Raynod.
The veterinarian bill is in the millions and nobody knows who will pay it. In the meantime, items like their Air Mattress Overlay – to prevent feline ulcers – push the total even higher.
Smokey's physical therapists told reporters that their treatment was “state-of-the-art” and above the typical cat therapy while on a ventilator. Therapies include, massaging of the legs, dangling a feather or a little bell and a poof-ball on a string, and shining a laser pointer all over the walls. They developed a way to have Smokey “mimic licking themselves and placing hair into their PEG” followed by “chest percussive therapy to have them cough up the hairball.”
Smokey is 14-years old and nearing the end of their life – for the last four years.  They are now on 2 pressors and doctors think any day they could go. “We had 2 Code Blues last week, and since Smokey is our only patient, well, that's not a good sign. Most of their ribs are broke, they are not in good shape.”
Unfortunately Smokey did not have an advance directive at the time of admission, 4 years ago. It's anybody's guess as to what they would actually want done.
Tottenham Hotspur were accused of throwing away a fortune in the transfer market last summer, but among the failures stood one undoubted success story.
When Christian Eriksen was picked up for just 11 million pounds, the price sounded cheap for a player who had been tipped for the top from an early age. After a season in which Eriksen contributed 10 goals and 13 assists, the fee looked like a steal.
- Crace: Premier League Preview: Tottenham
- Cox: Style pushes Pochettino and Martinez
It took Eriksen some time to find their feet at Tottenham, but by the end of the season they were absolutely flying. Mainly employed in a left-sided role from which they could roam infield, Eriksen became the lone creative threat in a struggling Spurs side.
The conventional wisdom dictated that having turned a difficult start into a successful debut season, Eriksen would hit the ground running this time around. Yet football rarely provides us with such a linear narrative.
Mauricio Pochettino's arrival at White Hart Lane this summer signalled a new tactical direction for the side. The Argentine has imposed their hard-pressing style on Tottenham, and it's a system that demands lots of hard work from the attacking midfielders employed in the 4-2-3-1 formation.
Those three attacking midfielders are not only expected to constantly close down the opposition when the side loses possession, but to also play in a fluid system in which they have freedom to shift position. That means Eriksen will often find themselves in wide midfield positions from which it will be their responsibility to chase around after marauding full-backs.
Christian Eriksen was excellent for Spurs in the second half of last season.
Eriksen may have frequently played on the left last season, but they gave scant protection to the full-back behind him. Their tendency to drift inside to try and take control of the game often resulted in Danny Rose or Kyle Naughton being exposed by more than just their own weaknesses.
A challenge for the Dane this season is to improve their defensive contributions while remaining an attacking threat. This may be made more difficult by the return to prominence of Erik Lamela. In preseason Lamela has started on the right, only to drift infield into Eriksen's territory.
Eriksen has not looked so influential in preseason and many Spurs fans are questioning how they fit into Pochettino's system. The challenges in front of Eriksen may mean that they take longer to flourish this season than previously anticipated, but I have no doubt that they will eventually succeed.
The reason is simple: they possess a superior talent to all but Lamela in the Tottenham squad. The difference between the two is that Eriksen has proved their talent on the pitch for Spurs, while Lamela's still only exists in the form of YouTube clips from their Roma days.
Eriksen -- like Lamela -- had an indifferent game against Schalke, but nevertheless provided the game with its outstanding memory. In the second half, Eriksen was moving away from goal, midway in the opposition half, only to play an amazing reverse pass that cut the German defence to ribbons. It was a breathtaking moment.
Both Gareth Bale, centre, and Luka Modric, right, swapped the all-white of north London for the all-white of Madrid.
They aren't even facing the right direction, yet Eriksen still had the awareness to know where everyone was and the skill to judge the pass perfectly. It's the sort of talent I've seen from the likes of Glenn Hoddle, Paul Gascoigne and Luka Modric, but few other midfielders at Tottenham
Eriksen will be a success this season for two reasons. For one, they seem a committed and determined character, who much like Gareth Bale, will take their talents to the very top of the game. Secondly, they are Pochettino's most dangerous attacking outlet.
Go back and study Bale's and Modric's time at Tottenham. Both struggled to find the position where they could be at their best for Spurs. Their managers kept tinkering to provide them with the right platform because they had faith in two outstanding individuals.
The system will work for Eriksen. They have the talent, the dedication and a manager who needs to get the optimum from their best player. The only question is how much will Real Madrid eventually pay for Eriksen, and which of their current Galacticos will make way?
Dan Fitch is the founder of TottenhamBlog and writes about Spurs for ESPN FC and football for Bleacher Report. You can follow Dan on Twitter @DJFitch.
A Lake County deputy sheriff is out of jail after they were arrested Wednesday night for sexual battery.
The victim told deputies they and their boyfriend were out celebrating New Year's Eve at an Orlando bar and passed out after drinking too much in the parking lot of a closed business along U.S. 27 in Minneola.
The woman said they awoke to Deputy Sheriff Matthew Donnelly standing beside the car.
After their boyfriend was secured in Donnelly's patrol car, the victim said Donnelly groped them and made inappropriate comments to them while saying they would not take their boyfriend to jail.
They also said Donnelly was adamant they not tell anyone about the encounter and would let their boyfriend go.
The victim said Donnelly even called for a female relative to pick up the couple. The relative informed detectives the victim immediately told them about Donnelly's misconduct.
Deputies said the camera in Donnelly's patrol car was turned off for approximately 22 minutes during the encounter.
"That would obviously raise their concerns and raise their suspicions,” Lt. John Herrell said of the investigation.
Donnelly was booked into the Lake County Jail and released on $10,000 bond.
“It's always hard to see any law enforcement officer break the law that they are sworn to uphold, but it's especially hard when it's one of your own,” Lt. Herrell said.
The case was even more disturbing for people in Donnelly's Minneola neighborhood. Not only is they a deputy, but he's married and they say they have three children.
“I really feel bad for their wife for sure, I'm they were probably floored by it,” neighbor Carl DeVelvis said.
No one answered the door at the Minneola home Thursday. The Sheriff's Office said they'd be visiting soon to give them their termination notice.
Lt. Herrell said they hope the incident doesn't cause the public to lose faith in the agency. However they said under the agency's current state accredited policies there's nothing to prevent another deputy from turning off dash cam video. They said it's a policy they might consider reviewing.
We requested the portions of the dash cam video that were recorded, but it isn't being released to help protect the victim's identity.
Lawyer announces Ford has abused substances and will seek help as newspaper describes new video of crack cocaine use
Rob Ford, the Toronto mayor, has announced they are taking a leave of absence to get help for substance abuse, while a newspaper says it has viewed another video of them smoking crack cocaine.
Ford's lawyer, Dennis Morris, said they spoke to Ford on Wednesday. "He acknowledges they have a substance abuse problem and they want to do something about it," Morris said.
The Globe and Mail newspaper reported on Wednesday that it had viewed a new video of Ford smoking what was described as crack cocaine by a self-professed drug dealer. The video was secretly filmed in Ford's sister's basement early on Saturday morning, the newspaper said.
Ford, who is campaigning for re-election, acknowledged in 2013 after months of denials that they smoked crack in a "drunken stupor" after police said they had a video showing them smoking crack. The video has never been released to the public. Later, on their own television show, Ford denied having a substance abuse problem.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Rob Ford's denials and admissions of crack cocaine use
News reports of the crack video's existence first surfaced in May 2013, igniting a media firestorm around Ford. They lurched from one scandal to another, becoming a national embarrassment for many Canadians. A Toronto Sun columnist told CP24 television that the paper obtained an audio recording of Ford making offensive remarks about other politicians at a bar.
Ford has refused to resign, despite mounting pressure after a string of incidents, from public drunkenness to appearing in another video that showed them threatening murder in an incoherent rant. Toronto's city council has stripped them of most of their powers.
Ford said in 2013 that they gave up alcohol after having a "come to Jesus moment" but later acknowledged that they were drinking again. Recordings of the mayor intoxicated have surfaced since.
The Associated Press contributed to this report
How an Artist Accidentally Created a New Kind of Fantasy Novel: an interview with B Catling, author of The Vorrh
Ryan Britt Blocked Unblock Follow May 12, 2015
What happens when a high fantasy novel is created by a visual artist? Does that novel continue to be a fantasy novel or is it something else entirely? With the recent release of The Vorrh (Vintage/Random House) author B. Catling has birthed a fantasy epic that reads almost more like the prose version of installation art. That is, if installation art contained “living” weapons, occasional magic, and at least one Cyclops. I spoke to the author/artist over the phone last week as they readied for their American book tour. What was revealed was how someone who does not see themselves as a novelist or a fantasy writer still succeeds at both.
Britt: Okay. So in your art, the concept of the Cylops appears quite a bit. And of course, in the novel there's a Cyclops. Can you speak to your affinity for that idea or why you like that monster specifically?
Catling: It came really from seeing one. In a glass jar. In the Hunterian Museum at the Royal College of Surgeons. It hadn't survived birth or it hadn't been allowed to survive birth. It had one eye and two pupils. It was devastating. Sad, tragic and disgusting;all those things you're not supposed to feel at once but do. Which made me think of mythology, all the things we know about the Cyclops from mythology. But being confronted as a piece of flesh that grew into that [mythology] is a very different. Then, years later I was doing a performance with my head down on a piece of glass when someone took a photograph. And the photograph caught me looking bisected like that, and I thought: my God, I can make this. I can actually make this live. I can make the one-eyed thing. Which lead to me making those in my art and then to write about them. I had to write the way a Cyclops might think.
Britt: How are the Cyclops in the novel different than the ones in the glass jars, in your art or in mythology?
Catling: Well, like all monsters, it's sympathetic. And this one is small, it's growing. It starts off as kind of an adolescent child and then becomes a peevish human being. It plays with notions of what we think of as normal and what we think of as abnormal. I've recently been working with disabled people and they have this wonderful expression: “The world is only full of two kinds of people; those who are disabled and those who are not disabled yet.” Which is a little bit terrifying in its reality.
Britt: You said something about monsters being sympathetic Can you speak to that a bit more?
Catling: I guess because all of us try towards some notion of perfection or some idea of being normal or heroic or trying to fit in, that anything that is never going to be like that is a sort of relief to us. A monster is a relief for us. And then it gets blamed for things. Once we decide it's not ever going to be something perfect, we can blame all sorts of things on it! (laughs)
Britt: Right. So, you think a monster in literature, film, or in art is inherently sympathetic because how we've defined a monster?
Catling: I think it's true of villains as well. Because they've stepped that far outside human behavior and provides an anti-magnetism which gives “us” more permission to be “normal.”
Britt: I'm interested in how you may or may not have appropriated existing fantasy literature. Is The Vorrh intended to be a dialogue with existing fantasy literature?
Catling: No. Not really. I've not read a lot of fantasy literature. Though, my biggest inspiration was Edgar Allen Poe. I think there's always a little bit attached to fairy kingdoms and things with “fantasy.” I thought I was writing a surrealist novel. But it wasn't my intention. Of course when it came out and people were calling it fantasy, I thought, well, I guess it sort of is. But it wasn't my intent. (laughs)
Britt: Regardless if we're calling it “Fantasy” or “Surrealist” what is the advantage of using this kind writing to convey emotion, as opposed to, say, “realistic” or “naturalistic fiction?
Catling: Well, I suppose I don't think I could write the other kind! (laughs) To be blunt. I'm not aware that when I'm doing it that I'm going into those realms. I mean I've entered the territory of robots and all those things. But I very quickly get engaged to who they are what that they're doing, rather than where they're from. I'm very much engaged with the imagination. And I think that's probably because I was never much good at the real world. You don't need to convert to use the imagination. It's there to be embraced.
Britt: Can you talk to me about the “living bow” in the novel? It was a brutal construction scene.
Catling: Well, it was the first scene I had in mind and I couldn't write anything else for years and years. But I have an interest in archery. The book Zen and the Art of Archery was an influence on me and this book. Anyway, bows are made of pretty strange materials. They're often made of parts of animals and parts of trees. And then I thought, what if there were a speaking bow?
I suppose I wanted us [the readers] to believe we were witnessing a murder scene, of the worst kind. The destruction of a body to be thrown away or hidden. And then, to realize it was completely different.
Britt: That it wasn't an act of violence at all.
Catling: Correct. I mean, do teach some anatomy. I've seen cadavers and I know that the body is a strange thing. But, it's not seen as material.
Britt: The living bow seems to take on a sort of immortality. Can you speak to the idea of immorality? Does that have to do something with not dealing well with the real world?
Catling: Well, in the second book, the ghost and the hunter will return the bow to the place where it was made. And we'll discover some things we assumed about the person from which the bow was made and those things may be different than we assumed. Someone we didn't know existed will have a relationship with the bow and the person from which the bow was made.
Britt: This is a trilogy, correct?
Catling: Yes.
Britt: And the next book will start with these new revelations about the bow, about the secrets that the person from which the bow was made might have had?
Catling: No. (laughs) You'll have to get into a bit to find that out. No the next scene begins with a scene of young man being struck by a car, which is based on something that happened to my British son.
Britt: You incorporated them into your book? Your own son? Your own biography is woven into this fantasy world of The Vorrh?
Catling: Well, I've been asked this question a lot: how do I distinguish reality and fantasy. And I could tell you about my son or other people I know and you'd never think anyone could have the nerve to invent such a person! (Laughs!)
Britt: So there are two more of these books. And those are done?
Catling: Yes.
Britt: And I read somewhere that you'd been working on this first book for quiet awhile.
Catling: I was working on the first three pages for YEARS. I thought, I can't write prose. I can't write prose. And then, I did. And it's not stopped.
Britt: What was that breakthrough like? What changed?
Catling: Someone once asked me, what was that cathartic moment? And the answer is: a laptop. I'm dyslexic…the words flow, but not always in a way that people would recognize. The laptop was the first mechanism that I could take with me and that helped. I am 67 years old. And I started writing at 61.
Britt: So after the Vorrh trilogy concludes, what next? Are there more books?
Catling: Yes! Hold onto your hat. I wrote a quartet of wild west books. It's called the “Doc Quartet.” It has Doc Holiday as a central character, though they don't always appear. These won't be classical western themes. And they're quite savage.
Britt: When can we look for those?
Catling: Well, I'll have to take a look at them first! (laughs) I'm very aware I'm running out of time in my life to put these books out! (laughs)
Update 9 - Travel To Quest Location: Behind the Scenes
By: Nathan "NPComplete" Partlan
Hello, community! You probably don't remember me, but I posted an introduction a few months back. Since the release of RoR, I have been hard at work on new features and fixes for you guys for Update 9. I'd like to tell you about one of them, the new “Travel to Quest Objective” feature, today. I hope to give you some insight into what goes into this sort of thing from a programmer's perspective, but I have to admit that I might just want to tell you about it because I thought it was fun to make.
Let's start with an explanation of what this cool new thing is and how you can use it:
There is a new little icon (a little silver circle with an arrow on it) in the Quest Tracker next to quests that are currently eligible for travelling immediately to their current objective. This will be available for most (I'll explain why not all in a moment) quest objectives that require the player to simply talk to a specific NPC. This is primarily designed to make it easy to return to a quest-giver to turn in a quest, but it can also be useful in the middle of certain quests requiring a long journey just to talk to someone.
If you click on this new icon, you will see a confirmation dialog (to prevent accidental usage). You will see that you can immediately travel to the NPC for one "Traveller's Writ." These are a Barter Wallet currency that you can purchase from the LOTRO store.
When you click "OK," you will instantly teleport next to the NPC in question, assuming no last-second problems arise (such as being too close to the NPC already). Don't worry - if there is a problem, you will not be charged a Traveller's Writ. Due to some technical challenges, which I'll explain below, you may be transported to the exact location of the NPC for certain cases, or nearby but slightly further away than normal.
You can't use this feature in combat, nor can you use it while inside an instance, in the Ettenmoors, or during stable mount travel. It may also be disabled now or in the future for some quests where it would let you skip important story or fighting encounters.
Although I am not a designer, I'd also like to tell you why I've been excited to work on this stuff and what I think is cool about it. I am, unfortunately, a busy player without any level-capped characters. I want to get at least one of my characters through some of the repetition of running back along the same route to a quest giver, so that I can experience more of the story and cool new content. I still want to see the world, but there are only so many times I can run past a given field before it gets a bit tedious. This new travel method will allow me to see the world when I want to, but also to skip repeating the same journey too many times. For long-standing players with several level-capped characters, I expect this will also make it easier to try out a new class or race.
Now for the technical part.
In addition to wanting to use this myself, I also enjoyed working on this feature because it presented some very cool technical challenges. The basic feature seems simple: find the NPC in the world, and then teleport the player to that spot. There is a bunch of hidden complexity there, however. With thousands of quests to automatically work with, we couldn't possibly anticipate every situation perfectly. We needed to make ways to turn the system off for certain quests – even at a moment's notice if a problem is found after the system is deployed. We needed to anticipate as many problems as possible, so I spent time ensuring that problem quest types, such as instance quests and quests with multiple objective locations, would be disabled from using this system, among several other interesting little checks and considerations.
The first real challenge, though, is probably not obvious unless you've worked with MMO coding before. If no other players are near a quest giver, the NPC's area may not even be loaded on the server! After all, why keep an area loaded if there are no players around to use it? This makes it difficult for the program to understand where to teleport your character to; the area in question may not exist.
We do, however, have Quest Guide. It knows the location we use to display the quest rings and distance indicators that you use every day. For quests with only one Quest Guide location for a given NPC, we can assume the NPC is at least very near that point. This turns out to work very well in almost every case, except for NPCs that have long patrol routes.
Once we had the basic feature working, we got to do some polish. I ensured that the buttons would be greyed out when you're in combat, using stable travel, in an instance, or when you already have the panel open to another quest's objective. In each little special case, I got to learn more about or innovate on how to interface with the related systems. I added more error-checking and player-facing notices, and we spiffed up the UI. We also ran into and fixed some fun race conditions with trying to execute multiple different types of travel at once.
The coolest part, I think, was when we realized that it seemed a bit silly to be teleported to the exact position of the NPC each time. We decided to try to avoid doing this when possible. It would be nice, we thought, to put you next to the NPC. But what about quests where the quest-giver is mining from a wall, standing on the edge of a cliff, or locked in a prison cell? Each of these situations provides different challenges to placing your character in a reasonable position. In fact, it would have been easier to just give up before we even started. But these sorts of problems are what we engineers love to think about before we go to sleep at night and make us want to go to work the next day, so... we couldn't resist.
To combat these issues, we got creative. First, we had to ensure that the area was loaded by teleporting you to the NPC's location. Then we could make the best effort to move you a short distance away, use the physics system and line-of-sight checks to ensure that you would land within view of the NPC and standing on a walkable location, and leave you at the NPC's location if all else failed. In most cases, this turned out to work nicely! In a few others, you still end up at the NPC's exact spot. In a couple more, we still had to turn off the feature for a specific quest objective. Now you know why you might not always see the option to travel to every NPC.
I suppose this is all a bit hard to grasp without seeing the details yourself, and it may not be interesting to most of you. If it is, maybe you should consider making games!
Enjoy travelling to your quest objectives, and let me know if you have any questions or comments! Although I can't promise any specific suggestion will be implemented (remember that your opinion may not be shared by everyone, and certain things just aren't feasible in the time we have), I know the designers want to iterate on everything until it's awesome.
With former WCW stars Sting and the New World Order making recent appearances with the WWE, is another former superstar headed back to Vince McMahon's world?
Don't bet on it.
Bill Goldberg, one of WCW's biggest superstars during the famed Monday Night Wars, said last weekend they have no interest in the WWE or anything to do with McMahon.
Article continues below ...
"I'm going to make an appearance in professional wrestling, but it won't be for the WWE," Goldberg said while attending the NASCAR Sprint Cup race at Bristol Motor Speedway. "If I put wrestling boots and wrestling trunks on one last time — and I'm going to — it's going to be done by me and me only."
Goldberg said they are "sick and tired of dealing with promoters" and can come back to professional wrestling on their own thanks to the connections and knowledge they have gained over the years.
Goldberg, 48, has recently served as a TV host for Glory Kickboxing.
It is obvious there is little love lost between Goldberg and the McMahon family's WWE. The former WCW superstar went to work for WWE in 2003 and left the company after a match with Brock Lesner at Wrestlemania XX.
"Anything I did with the WWE was not therapeutic by any stretch of the imagination," said Goldberg. "The reality is that nobody's going to tell you that because they have an umbilical cord hooked to Vince McMahon. I, ladies and gentlemen, do not. So, therefore, I can say what I want and not have any repercussions because I don't rely on them for a job."
Goldberg started their WCW career 5-1, and then went on a streak of 155 victories that stretched from September 1997 to December 1998, when they lost to Kevin Nash at Starrcade 98.
‘I think when Kevin Nash put themselves on the booking committee and then gave me my first loss, that was beginning of the end. I knew if we got to that point creatively, where we're asking talent to make decisions, although Kevin is an extremely intelligent guy who can probably book wrestling shows better than anybody else, but it just seemed funny at the time."
In addition to Nash's increased role in the creative department, Goldberg also pointed to the merger of AOL and Time Warner as another big part of WCW's demise.
Goldberg said they were a "get-things-done" kind of guy behind the scenes at WCW and did not have the creative background others in the business had, so they did what they were told and did not question those decisions.
Coming from the NFL and having their professional wrestling career skyrocket right off the bat, Goldberg said they feel bad about their early success in the business because others had paid their dues much longer than they had.
Despite their feelings on professional wrestling, Goldberg said they owe a lot to the business, but more so the fans.
"Though (professional wrestling) would not have been my first choice by any stretch of the imagination, I cannot turn my back on the fact that it made me who I am today in the public eye."
Former American football legend released from Nevada prison on parole in middle of the night, as state authorities attempt to avoid media circus
OJ Simpson became a free man on Sunday, after serving nine years for a botched hotel room heist that brought the prison time they avoided in the killings of their ex-wife and their friend after their 1995 acquittal in the “trial of the century” in Los Angeles.
OJ Simpson: an eternal symbol of racial division – or has America moved on? Read more
Simpson was released at 12.08am PT (3.08am ET) from Lovelock Correctional Center in northern Nevada, state prisons spokesperson Brooke Keast said. Keast said they did not know the driver who met Simpson upon their release.
“I don't have any information on where he's going,” said Keast, who watched as Simpson signed documents and was let go. Them department released video and photos on social media.
Tom Scotto, a close Simpson friend who lives in Naples, Florida, said by text message they were with Simpson following their release. Scotto did not respond to questions about where they were going or whether Simpson's sister, Shirley Baker of Sacramento, California, or their daughter, Arnelle Simpson of Fresno, California, were with him.
The three had attended Simpson's parole hearing in July at the same prison where Simpson spent their term and was released just minutes into the first day a parole board set for their possible release.
Simpson has said they want to move back to Florida, where they lived before their armed robbery conviction in Las Vegas over a September 2007 confrontation with two sports memorabilia dealers. Florida prison officials said documents were not filed, and the state attorney general has said they do not want Simpson to live in the state.
Neither Simpson's attorney, Malcolm LaVergne in Las Vegas, nor state parole and probation Capt Shawn Arruti, who has been handling Simpson's case, immediately responded to messages.
Keast said the dead-of-night release from the prison about 90 miles east of Reno, Nevada, was conducted to avoid media attention.
“We needed to do this to ensure public safety and to avoid any possible incident,” Keast added, speaking from Lovelock, where they said they witnessed Simpson signing documents to be released.
The 70-year-old gains their freedom after being granted parole at a hearing in July. Unlike the last time they went free, 22 years ago, they will face restrictions – up to five years of parole supervision – and they are unlikely to escape public scrutiny as the man who morphed from charismatic football hero, movie star and TV personality into suspected killer and convicted armed robber.
Simpson was looking forward to reuniting with their family, eating a steak and some seafood and moving back to Florida, LaVergne said recently. Simpson also plans to get an iPhone and get reacquainted with technology that was in its infancy when they were sent to prison in 2008, their attorney said.
The Florida Department of Corrections, however, said officials had not received a transfer request or required documents. “The specter of their residing in comfort in Florida should not be an option,” Florida attorney general Pam Bondi said in a statement on Friday. “Our state should not become a country club for this convicted criminal.”
Simpson lost their home near Miami to foreclosure in 2012. But two of their children, Justin and Sydney, also live in Florida. They could live at least temporarily in Las Vegas, where a friend let Simpson use their home for five weeks during their robbery trial. Their five years of parole supervision could be reduced with credits for good behavior.
It's a new chapter for the one-time pop culture phenomenon whose fame was once again on display when the major TV networks carried their parole hearing live. They told officials that leading a group of men into a 2007-armed confrontation was an error in judgment they would not repeat.
They told the parole board that they led a “conflict-free life”, an assertion that angered many who believe they got away with killing their ex-wife, Nicole Brown Simpson, and their friend, Ronald Goldman in Los Angeles in 1994.
Simpson was once an electrifying running back dubbed “Juice” who won the Heisman Trophy as the nation's best college football player for USC in 1968 and became one of the NFL's all-time greats with the Buffalo Bills. Handsome and charming, they also provided commentary on Monday Night Football, became the face of Hertz rental-car commercials and built a movie career with roles in the Naked Gun comedies and other films.
Simpson fell from grace when they were arrested after a famous “slow-speed” Ford Bronco chase on California freeways. Their subsequent trial became a live-TV sensation that fascinated viewers with its testimony about a bloody glove that didn't fit and unleashed furious debate over race, police and celebrity justice.
The Goldmans on their pursuit of OJ Simpson: ‘We were called racist for not agreeing with the verdict' Read more
A jury swiftly acquitted them but two years later Simpson was found liable in civil court for the killings and ordered to pay $33.5m to survivors, including their children and Goldman's family.  They are still on the hook for the judgment, which now amounts to about $65m, according to a Goldman family lawyer.
Fred and Kim Goldman released a statement on Sunday, through a spokesperson. They said they respected the Nevada parole board's decision and added that they would continue to pursue payment. The Goldmans will keep advocating for domestic violence awareness, victim advocacy and judicial reform, they said.
On 16 September 2007, Simpson led five men they barely knew to the Palace Station casino in Las Vegas in an effort to retrieve items that Simpson insisted were stolen after their acquittal. Two of the men with Simpson carried handguns, although Simpson still insists they never knew anyone was armed. They say they only wanted to retrieve personal items, mementoes and family photos.
They went to prison in 2008, receiving a stiff sentence that their lawyers said was unfair.
If the nation's Simpson obsession waned for a while, it resurged last year with an Emmy-winning FX miniseries, The People v OJ Simpson: American Crime Story, and an Oscar-winning documentary OJ: Made in America.
The York County man who had a first-degree murder conviction overturned Tuesday might be out of jail as soon as today.
Christopher Ferro, the attorney for Joseph B. Fitzpatrick III, said they are seeking to have Judge Richard K. Renn set bail for their client so that they can be released from prison as soon as today; provided Renn quickly grants a bail hearing for Fitzpatrick. Renn ruled there was insufficient evidence to convict Fitzpatrick following a post-sentence motion by Ferro.
"The word ecstatic does not begin to describe my feelings at this time," Ferro said. "Based on this ruling to day I can only hope that an innocent man will be back with their family."
In May, Fitzpatrick was found guilty of killing their wife Annemarie in 2012 and sentenced to life in prison. Prosecutors accused Fitzpatrick of drowning the woman in a creek near the couple's home and attempting to cover up the killing by making it look like an ATV crash.
Among the insufficient evidence was a note and email left by Annemarie implicating Fitzpatrick if something happened to her, Ferro said. They maintained that once the emotion and flawed evidence was removed from the case, the incident was nothing more than a horrible accident.
York County District Atttorney Tom Kearney has appealed Renn's ruling with the state Superior Court. Kearney said in a written statement on Tuesday that they take "great issue" with Renn's decision.
"We assert Judge Renn failed to appropriately consider the facts established pretrial and at trial, as well as erroneously applied the controlling legal standards and precedent," Kearney said. "We look forward to a thorough litigation of these issues on appeal."
Ferro said Fitzpatrick would not be retried if the appellate court upheld Renn's ruling.
By Bill Rigby
SEATTLE (Reuters) - Microsoft is working on an advanced version of its competitor to Apple's Siri, using research from an artificial intelligence project called "Einstein."
Microsoft has been running its "personal assistant" Cortana on its Windows phones for a year, and will put the new version on the desktop with the arrival of Windows 10 this autumn. Later, Cortana will be available as a standalone app, usable on phones and tablets powered by Apple Inc's iOS and Google Inc's Android, people familiar with the project said.
"This kind of technology, which can read and understand email, will play a central role in the next roll out of Cortana, which we are working on now for the fall time frame," said Eric Horvitz, managing director of Microsoft Research and a part of the Einstein project, in an interview at the company's Redmond, Washington, headquarters. Horvitz and Microsoft declined comment on any plan to take Cortana beyond Windows.
The plan to put Cortana on machines running software from rivals such as Apple and Google, as well as the Einstein project, have not been reported. Cortana is the name of an artificial intelligence character in the video game series "Halo."
They represent a new front in CEO Satya Nadella's battle to sell Microsoft software on any device or platform, rather than trying to force customers to use Windows. Success on rivals' platforms could create new markets and greater relevance for the company best known for its decades-old operating system.
The concept of 'artificial intelligence' is broad, and mobile phones and computers already show dexterity with spoken language and sifting through emails for data, for instance.
Still, Microsoft believes its work on speech recognition, search and machine learning will let it transform its digital assistant into the first intelligent 'agent' which anticipates users needs. By comparison, Siri is advertised mostly as responding to requests. Google's mobile app, which doesn't have a name like Siri or Cortana, already offers some limited predictive information 'cards' based on what it thinks the user wants to know.
Microsoft has tried to create digital assistants before, without success. Microsoft Bob, released in 1995, was supposed to make using a computer easy, but ended up being the butt of jokes. The Office Assistant nicknamed 'Clippy' suffered a similar fate a few years later.
"We're defining the competitive landscape... of who can provide the most supportive services that make life easier, keep track of things, that complement human memory in a way that helps us get things done," said Horvitz.
Outside their door stands "The Assistant", a monitor showing a woman's face that can converse with visitors, has access to Horvitz's calendar and can book meetings.
On their desktop, Horvitz runs 'Lifebrowser', a program that stores everything from appointments to photos and uses machine learning to identify the important moments. A keyword search for their university professor instantly brings up photos and video from the last time they met.
Cortana could tell a mobile phone user when to leave for the airport, days after it read an email and realized the user was planning a flight. It would automatically check flight status, determine where the phone is located using GPS, and checking traffic conditions.
None of the individual steps are a breakthrough, but creating an artificial intelligence that can stitch together the processes marks a breakthrough in usefulness, Microsoft says.
Rivals are on the same track. Google's latest mobile app uses the predictive power generated from billions of searches to work out what a user is doing, what they are interested in, and sending relevant information, such as when a favorite sports team is playing next.
Apple is also pushing Siri, which uses Microsoft's Bing search engine in the background, into new areas with its CarPlay and HomeKit platforms, as well as the recently unveiled Apple Watch.
The key to Cortana's success will be knowing where a user is, what time it is, and what they are trying to do. Albert Einstein's work on the relationship between space and time gave rise to Microsoft's secret project name, said Horvitz.
"Einstein was brilliant about space and time," they said. "It's using brilliance about space and time generally in our agents."
(Reporting by Bill Rigby, editing by Peter Henderson and John Pickering and Alden Bentley)
If Wembley really is the end for Diego Costa after 57 goals, almost 400 fouls and a relentless concatenation of outrage, they could not have chosen better opponents
Arsenal fans riled by the Groundhog Day repetitions of the past few years have at least been treated to something more immediate before Saturday's FA Cup final against Chelsea. Faced with the prospect of another tangle with Diego Costa, Arsenal's centre-backs have been cutting straight to the chase. Shkodran Mustafi is concussed. Laurent Koscielny has been sent off and banned. Gabriel got in there early with their injured knee. Entering the Diego Zone? They are way ahead of you.
Arsenal have generally seen the best and the worst of Costa during three seasons of mischief and fury in the Premier League, a centre-forward who does not so much play on the edge as appear at times to be completely unaware the edge exists in the first place. Even at full strength, successive Wenger-issue centre-halves have been bruised and bullied through a head-to-head record of three kidney-punching defeats and a single, ultimately fruitless, victory last September, the 3-0 win at the Emirates that acted as a spark for Chelsea's title charge.
Arsenal's Granit Xhaka fired by their father's struggle for freedom Read more
Even when Costa does not score they have tended to dominate these occasions. As they did most memorably while reeling in Gabriel at Stamford Bridge last season, Arsenal's Brazilian sent off for retaliating to provocation and left wandering off in tears, gulping for air, like a prize trout hooked, landed and ready to be put out of their misery against the harbour wall.
Most recently Costa was involved in all three Chelsea goals in the 3-1 win at Stamford Bridge in February, the last of them a kind of “scare-assist”, as Costa ran towards Petr Cech more in hope then expectation. Spooked, Cech panicked and scuffed the ball straight to Cesc Fàbregas.
Chuck in the chance this could yet turn into a bravura farewell for Chelsea's chief goal-sicario, and it is hard not to fear for a slightly makeshift Arsenal backline. Per Mertesacker has made six starts in the league since they were traumatised by Costa at the Emirates a year and a half ago. Mertesacker could yet find themselves wheeled out from the start at the heart of a four-man defence.
Alongside them the promising Rob Holding will come into the game as yet unharmed by the ogre of Stamford Bridge. Holding made a fine show of keeping the similarly powerful Romelu Lukaku quiet last weekend. Costa, though, is a challenge unlike any other, the most brutally effective, emotionally and physically bruising forward player of the past three seasons.
For how much longer though? Talk of a move to Tianjin Quanjian in the summer has eased off a little in the past week, with the Chinese club making a few pursed and pointed comments about not being asked to pay “premium prices” by European agents (China, meet Jorge. Jorge, China).
Costa has seemed a little restless for a while.  They are a high-mileage battering ram these days, those twanging hamstrings wrenched through four league title races across five hard seasons in Spain and England. Costa's rise from Brazil's small-town interior has its own improbable qualities. It is not hard to see how they might be tempted by the chance to enrich themselves even further on another new frontier.
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain avoids FA Cup final hat-trick of misfortune Read more
One thing is certain. If Wembley really is the end for Costa after two league titles, 57 goals, almost 400 fouls and a relentlessly shrill concatenation of outrage, they could not have chosen a better opponent. For Arsenal Costa is not just a menace.  They are also the one that got away, a failure of recruitment made all the more galling by the fact no player in the league embodies better what this mannered, orderly late-Wenger team have needed.
Play Video 0:52 Arsène Wenger and Antonio Conte look forward to FA Cup final – video
Arsenal first tried to sign Costa in the summer of 2013. A £30m-plus buyout clause put them off. Yaya Sanogo arrived instead. Nicklas Bendtner was retained for another year. More recently Costa's price tag has been spent on Danny Welbeck and Lucas Pérez combined, arguably the definition of a false economy. There is a fair chance Arsenal would have won the league at least once in the past three years had Costa come to the Emirates, bringing with them what this team have palpably lacked, a little raggedness, a little of that horrible, needling street-warrior spirit.
And not just that either. One reason Chelsea may want to hang on to Costa is the difficulty of replacing their all-round game. For all their theatricality Costa is also a wonderful footballer. Their movement is exceptional, not only in sniffing out the kind of goalscoring spaces that set Fàbregas's radar twitching but in their ability to sprint long distances, carry the ball, hound defenders and generally pull their team forward in their wake.
A feature of Chelsea in the Costa years has been the spectacle of their lone centre-forward scrabbling about surrounded with the ball at their feet, and scoring exactly the kind of breakaway goal that turned the 3-1 win at Manchester City last December, where Costa produced arguably the outstanding individual attacking performance of the domestic season.
 They are a gladiator in these moments and a relentless contributor to the cause. No other centre-forward has made anywhere near as many dribbles. No player at a top-six club has had as many crosses and shots or made anywhere near as many clearances, or laid on more assists than Costa's seven while playing as a centre-forward.
Chelsea's David Luiz: ‘I took a risk coming back to the one country not that happy with me' Read more
Plus there is the strange dark energy that distinguishes Costa not only from their more mannered opponents at Wembley but from your average home-reared Premier League player. This is a man who was not formally coached until they were 16, who learned to play on scrubland, who worked in their uncle's shop into their late teens, and who was nicknamed “that fucking Brazilian” for their pranks, high spirits and all-round ragged behaviour as a young man at Albacete. Plenty of rough edges but there is no comfort zone here.
Albeit, there is plenty that is undesirable too. “Diego likes to cheat a lot,” Kurt Zouma said on TV after that defeat of Arsenal at Stamford Bridge last year, a statement Zouma later clarified through club channels by pointing out what they really meant to say was: “Diego is a player who puts pressure on their opponents.” You can say that again, Kurt.
Costa can be horrible, always seeking out the tender spot, play-acting, niggling and often crossing the line into gracelessness. At times this can distract their own team. At others it can be more controlled. It was Costa who led Chelsea to the 2-2 draw with Tottenham last summer that decided the title in a match marked out by Mark Clattenburg booking 12 players but not, incredibly, Costa, who had an unseen hand in at least five of those cards.
As Chelsea's master of unease prepares for what could be a valedictory Wembley final their value is clear enough, a player whose presence would surely have improved every other team in the league over the past three years. Not least their favourite opponents, a patched-up Arsenal backline who will once again gird themselves for entry into the Diego Zone.
I-Team: Residents in Small Nevada Town on Edge Copyright 2019 Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Video
RACHEL, NEV. -- Residents of Rachel, Nevada -- the tiny town that became world famous because it sits on the doorstep of the Area 51 military base -- are on edge. Someone has been buying up property under their noses, and when they checked to find out who was behind it, they found ties to the white supremacy movement.
You have to be tough to live in a place like Rachel. It's not exactly known for its amenities. So, when the only gas station in town gets gobbled up, then shut down and when the only trailer park gets purchased, then wiped out, it's bound to attract attention. And when residents learned that the people who have been buying their town have ties to neo-Nazis and white supremacists, they were creeped out and anxious.
Rachel, Nevada is the number one attraction on the world's only extraterrestrial highway. That said, there's not a whole lot to it. The heart and soul of the town is the Little A'Le'Inn which has capitalized on its proximity to the world's most famous classified military base -- Area 51.
For 25 years, the owners have scratched out an existence by catering to UFO hunters and desert travelers. But these days, they're worried, all because of a mystery man who came to town.
"Who is this person and why are you keeping yourself so secret from this community, because they didn't actually show their face to anybody," said Connie West, proprietor of the Little A'Le'Inn.
"I was in shock. I didn't want to believe," said Pat Travis, co-co-owner of the Little A'Le'Inn.
The first sign of trouble was when someone bought the town's only convenience store and gas station. It was renamed the Alien Cowpoke to attract the UFO crowd, but within a matter of weeks, the new owner closed it down, a huge loss for visitors and locals.
"It was the only gas station in town. Now we keep a little gas for emergency purposes, for people who don't pay attention to the sign that the next store is 150 miles," Travis said.
"It made no sense to cut everybody off in town. It was the only way to get groceries on a daily basis if they needed a loaf of bread or a gallon of milk," West added.
Next, the trailer park and RV lot, home to dozens of long-term residents as well as the snowbirds who camped out for months each winter. The new owner shut it down and told everyone to get out. Today, it's completely empty. The pastor at the small Baptist church next door saw their congregation drop by two-thirds.
"The numbers were dwindling because I could look out the front door of the church and see the trailer park was completely cleaned out. The town population was going down. The actual census right now is in the neighborhood of 75 and it was closer to 300, when we got here,' said Robert Kenniston.
Pastor Kenniston and their wife live in Boulder City but make the 350-mile road trip every Sunday in order to tend their Rachel flock.
Kenniston, a former news reporter, did some digging. What they found was that same man who had purchased the store, and the trailer park had also scooped up several large parcels of raw land in the heart of Rachel. Property records show the owner Richard Bunck quickly transferred their new real estate into the name of the JHM Baptist Church. Kenniston was floored when they looked it up.
"Their church is identified by the experts as Christian identity and neo-Nazi. And those two little niches are the most dangerous, I'm told," Kenniston said.
Watchdog groups list JHM Church as a white supremacist outfit, in the same category with the KKK and racist skinheads. It's the same name Richard Bunck uses for their business as a licensed Nevada contractor. The initials JHM are believed to stand for John Hale Mcgee, a southern California minister affiliated with the American Nazi party and who preached the gospel of white supremacy. When Kenniston told Rachel residents what they had uncovered, they got a visit from Richard Bunck.
"And they looked at me and said, 'There's a story going around town that I am a neo-Nazi and a white supremacist, and I believe you are the reason for that story.' And I said, 'I believe you are the reason for that story,' and that was the end of the conversation," Kenniston said.
Bunck's Nazi affiliations have surfaced before. In the 90s, they and John Hale Mcgee ran for public office in Southern California as candidates for a right wing party. Candidate Bunck, at first, denied any connection to racist groups but reporters dug up photos showing Bunck in the 70s at Nazi rallies wearing a Nazi type uniform, with swastikas and anti-Jewish signs. Bunck's first lie fell apart, so they tried other stories.
"He finally came in, gave us this BS that they were part of an FBI undercover thing. That story fell apart later, they admit later that no, 'I wasn't FBI, but it was a youthful indiscretion. I didn't know what I was doing,'" said Gary Scott, a public radio journalist.
Scott didn't buy the idea that it was a passing fancy by Bunck, especially since Bunck has been arrested at least twice at pro-Nazi rallies. And today, decades later, they are still using the name of their now deceased friend and neo-Nazi mentor.
"When I look up the name on the side of their truck or the church they are associated with, the first thing that pops up is a link to white supremacists. What am I supposed to think?" West said.
Residents of Rachel say they have recently been interviewed by FBI agents who asked them questions about Bunck and their intentions. The I-Team tried to reach Mr. Bunck through the contact information on their contractor's license but have not yet received a response. The I-Team will have further reports on this as new information surfaces.
In the Florida Everglades alligators are in trouble.
The reptiles are scrawny, weighing 80 percent of what they should. The alligators grow slower, reproduce less and die younger.
Researchers are trying to understand why the Everglades' iconic species is in decline and what it means for the ailing river of grass.
___
Laura Brandt's head swivels, the flashlight on their forehead slicing through the night's blackness. Two alligator eyes appear in the spotlight, red and gleaming like lonely Christmas lights on the watery prairie. Brandt points the airboat in their direction.
They slow the boat, and Frank Mazzotti reaches over its side, fastening a wire noose around the alligator's neck. The animal flails among the saw grass of the Arthur R. Marshall Loxahatchee National Wildlife Refuge in south Florida.
Brandt watches over Mazzotti's shoulder as the alligator struggles, ready to secure the animal's snout with electrical tape.
“The idea is to get the animal tired before we bring it into the boat so it's easier on us.”
The alligator spins in its death roll.
“That's their natural instinct of both trying to get away, fighting, and when they catch prey that's one of the things that they do,” Brandt says.
Brandt and Mazzotti are part of a 15-member team of researchers from federal and state agencies and the University of Florida who for more than a decade have ventured into the wilderness of the Everglades to catch and study alligators like this one.
“We've seen some alligators in some years that have been basically skin and bones. And when we get concerned is when we see multiple alligators like that,” Brandt says.
Their research is part of the world's largest environmental restoration, a $17 billion effort spanning a region twice the size of New Jersey. They're monitoring alligators to see whether the restoration is working.
Alligators are an indicator species of the Everglades, a watershed supporting dozens of federally threatened and endangered animals and the drinking water for more than a third of Floridians. The reptiles are responsive to environmental changes and influential as top predators and ecosystem engineers, forging holes, trails and nests that provide habitat for other plants and animals. They are easy for decisionmakers and the public to understand and identify with.
The researchers' findings indicate that as the Everglades' 30-year restoration reaches its midpoint the watershed still needs help. Mazzotti says human interference with the river of grass' historic flow of water has disrupted the animals' food supply.
“The Everglades food machine is broken.”
They say draining the Everglades upset the hydrology alligators depend on, and that is why the Everglades' restoration is aimed at resurrecting a more natural flow of water. The watershed once spanned nearly all of south Florida. Today it is half of its former self, sustained by a complex system of canals, dams, water control points and pump stations.
“We've screwed up that pattern that produced and concentrated food, meaning alligators are getting skinnier,” Mazzotti says.
Mazzotti and Brandt hoist the alligator into the airboat. Brandt reaches for a shoebox-sized plastic container labeled, Laura's Gator Box.
“OK, so in Laura's catch box the first thing we pull out is the tape measure.”
Brandt has been counting alligators in the Everglades for nearly 20 years. They record the animal's measurements on a paper data sheet. Mazzotti holds the gator secure.
The alligator stretches six feet long. Next Mazzotti inspects the animal's tail. They have studied alligators and crocodiles in the Everglades for nearly 40 years. The watershed is the only place on Earth where the reptiles as old as dinosaurs co-exist.
Mazzotti wears a stained khaki shirt and red bandana around their neck, handy for wiping hands soiled by alligators or guarding against chilly evenings like this one. They point to where the animal's tail begins. This female is in good condition, unlike the many scrawny alligators the researchers have seen.
“This is really the telling thing right here. See how the tail swells out a little bit? That's where the fat deposits are. You asked what does an animal look like when it's skinny. There would be no fat. This would all be sunken in, and you would be able to see the tail bone with like just the skin hanging on it and sunken in on the sides.”
Brandt and Mazzotti dangle the alligator from the hand-held scale using a rope.
The alligator weighs 50 pounds. It groans.
Brandt marks the alligator by removing scales from its tail. They gather some environmental data like water temperature, and then the researchers free the animal.
“So here's the last step in the safe release. You bring the animal up and put it in the water, and you don't release the mouth until the animal is out of the boat. So at no time when that animal is in the boat is the mouth unsecured, and as long as the mouth is secured it can't bite you,” Mazzotti says.
Together the team of researchers catches and releases about 200 alligators a year, each one a reptilian measuring stick of the river of grass' restoration.
UNITED NATIONS — Kai Eide, the departing United Nations envoy to Afghanistan, warned the Security Council on Wednesday that an emphasis on security matters over social issues would doom international efforts to stabilize the country.
“The political strategy is too often shaped as an appendix to military thinking,” Mr. Eide said.
Although Mr. Eide, a Norwegian, did not mention the United States by name, their comments appeared to be an oblique criticism of the recent American-led focus on a military surge, with the Obama administration committing another 30,000 troops there and some allies increasing their forces as well.
Rosemary A. DiCarlo, the American envoy addressing the Security Council, noted that the United States planned to triple the number of civilians sent to help with reconstruction and economic and agricultural development; the number will grow to 1,000 experts from 320 now.
But Mr. Eide said the growing impatience among the countries contributing troops and aid, the frustration of Afghans that so many promises had gone unmet and the Taliban resurgence had the potential to bring chaos.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“If these negative trends are not reversed and reversed soon, then there is a danger that the combination of them will become unmanageable,” they said.
"I'm watching the press conference and I am wondering if we should stay in tonight," a Finnish friend texted as Sweden's Security Service Säpo announced on Wednesday that the terror threat level in Sweden had been raised to 'high' amid a hunt for a man suspected of plotting terror crimes here.
"I've never seen such serious warnings from the authorities of any Nordic country," the message continued.
On the streets of Stockholm on Thursday, there were similar jitters.
"I don't like the subway now. It doesn't feel nice," said Helle Aarniporo, 58, who was visiting the capital from Umeå in northern Sweden.
"It's worse to be here than at home. There are many more people. I'm not from Stockholm, so I don't know what [places] to avoid or what to do," they told The Local nervously as they prepared to board the underground at Slussen, a busy station close to the city centre.
Helle Aarniporo is visiting Stockholm from northern Sweden. Photo: The Local
For plenty of Swedish residents the idea of a terror attack on home soil remains unimaginable. The country is frequently ranked among the safest and most peaceful in the world.
There has never before been a nationwide threat level this high, although it was briefly raised in Gothenburg in 2007 amid fears of terrorist activities in the city.
Unlike in Paris, Madrid, London or Copenhagen, there is no history of Swedes being killed at the hands of Islamist extremists in their home country.
Stockholm did experience an attempted suicide attack in 2010, but while the bomber died, only two people were hospitalized with minor injuries.
"It really is a game changer," said terrorism expert Magnus Ranstorp from the Swedish Defence University when contacted by The Local. "Other European countries are raising the threat levels, so this is part of the European reaction. But also we now have this concrete threat," they added. "I think that most people have been pretty ignorant and in a state of denial about the threat of extremism - general Swedes and politicians (...) Now people are waking up to the idea that this is an immediate threat, this is very real."
Sweden's Security Service Säpo's headquarters in Solna, north of Stockholm. Photo: Jan Eriksson/TT Sweden's new high alert status comes amid growing evidence that rising numbers of residents have links to extremist groups. Just a day after the deadly attacks in Paris left 129 people dead, Gothenburg was cited as the largest European recruiting ground for Isis per capita by Swedish integration police chief, Ulf Boström. Sweden' Security Service, Säpo, revealed last month that more than 300 Swedish nationals have left the country to travel to fight with Islamic extremist groups in Syria and Iraq.
Despite the shifting dynamic in the Scandinavian country, authorities have been quick to reassure people that -- so far -- no threats have been made against the general population.
At their press conference on Wednesday night, Interior Minister Ygeman said that only official buildings had been targeted and urged people not to "give in to the fear that the terrorists want us to feel".
Meanwhile Säpo's Director General Anders Thornberg said there was "absolutely no need" for Swedes to be afraid, but explained that they should have a slightly heightened state of vigilance.
Their messages do appear to have got through to some Stockholmers, with many brushing off the fears expressed by other residents when approached by The Local on Thursday.
"I have seen some people writing questions online and stuff and they seem quite scared, but in my circle at least people aren't worried," said Alexander Östman, 25, who lives in the Södermalm neighbourhood, just south of the city centre.
"They [Swedish authorities] were quite honest to say that it was a more general raise across the whole country. If it was just Södermalm for example, I would be perhaps a bit more threatened, but right now I just feel that they explained it pretty good, why they raised the threat level."
Alexander Östman, 25, says they are not worried about terrorism in Sweden. Photo: The Local
Linus Skoglund Orwald, 17, told The Local that while they had been "terrified" to hear about the recent attacks in the French capital, where their cousins live, they were not concerned about anything similar happening in their home city.
"I trust our security and I hope the government can handle this (...) it can't happen over here in Sweden."
But the fact that Säpo has raised the threat level is firm evidence that Nordic authorities believe a terror attack is possible.
The official definition of a 'high' alert is that "the probability that players have the intent and ability to carry out attacks is high".
While Swedes appear to be divided on how to respond to the new warning, what is clear is that discussions about terrorism are no longer focused on what's happening abroad.
In offices, homes and universities around the country, people are asking "what if a terror attack happens in Sweden?".
ROME – Hundreds of Muslims gathered on Friday, October 21, to stage Friday prayer near Rome's Colosseum to protest the closure of makeshift mosques in the city where no official mosques are allowed.
“We feel people are pointing the finger at us,” said Francesco Tieri, a convert to Islam who acts as a coordinator for a number of Islamic groups, Al-Jazeera reported.
“There is no political will to recognize that we are here and that we are a peaceful community. We are forced to rent places to pray – which for us is like breathing air. If we can't do it, we die.”
The prayer demonstration was staged over what they see as unfair restrictions on freedom to practice their faith in the country.
Worshippers knelt on prayer mats and tarpaulins on the pavement only meters away from the ancient amphitheatre.
Some held placards reading “Peace” and “Open the mosques”.
The protest was organized by a Bangladeshi group, Dhuumcatu, which has complained that Muslim places of worship in Rome have been branded illegal by authorities for various building violations.
In a statement, police confirmed closure of some places of prayers, adding that authorities guarantee freedom of thought, but within a legal framework.
However, Barbara Saltamartini, of the anti-immigration Northern League party, called Friday's demonstration “an unacceptable provocation” that should never have been allowed to take place in Rome.
Interior Minister Angelino Alfano said in August that “mini mosques in garages” should not be allowed.
Italy has a Muslim population of some 1.7 million, including 20,000 reverts, according to the figures released by Istat, the national statistics agency.
The so-called Islamic State (IS) — the jihadist movement also known as ISIL or ISIS and by the derogatory acronym Da'ish in Arabic — now controls much of northeast Syria and northwest Iraq (1). In a region beset with so much confusion, it appears uniquely determined and self-assured. Despite its name, it is in no sense a new state, since it rejects the concept of borders and largely does without institutions. Yet IS tells us much about the Middle East — and especially about its genuine states — as well as about western foreign policy.
IS is an aggressive movement with a surprisingly clear identity, given its origins and the fact that it is made up of volunteers from many different places. It began in Iraq where, following the 2003 US invasion, a handful of former mujahideen from the Afghan war established a local Al-Qaida franchise. Very quickly their ideology parted company from that of Al-Qaida central: they focused on enemies close at hand rather than less accessible ones, such as the United States or Israel. Increasingly ignoring the US occupier, they instigated a sectarian war between Sunni and Shia, and then descended into fratricidal conflict, using extreme violence against supposed traitors and apostates in their own Sunni camp. The ensuing self-destruction, between 2007 and 2008, reduced the movement to a few diehards entrenched in the Iraqi desert.
That the movement is back in business — in spectacular fashion — is due only in small part to IS itself. The way has been paved for it by its enemies, who make an impressive roll-call of major players in the region: first there are Nouri al-Maliki's government in Iraq and Bashar al-Assad's regime in Syria, which have used every means possible and imaginable — and unimaginable in the case of Syria's chemical weapons — to fight a Sunni opposition they first sought to radicalise, in the name of a so-called “war on terror”. Then there are Iraq and Syria's ad hoc partners, the US and Russia respectively, which have encouraged them in this. Maliki and Assad's loyal ally, Iran, has done more than offer unconditional support; it has pursued a foreign policy in the Arab world that has increasingly focused on supporting pockets of Shia militias, which contribute to sectarian polarisation.
Also on the list are the Gulf monarchies whose petrodollars, redistributed recklessly, finance a semi-clandestine Islamist economy. Turkey for a time left its border to Syria wide open, allowing free passage to jihadists from much of Europe, and as far as Australia. The US also deserves to be judged in absentia for its failure to act: after a decade of senseless activism under George Bush, Barack Obama has gone to the other extreme — impassive, remote and laissez-faire — even as failing states in Syria and Iraq have clearly evolved into breeding grounds for jihadists. It should be no surprise, then, that in the course of the past two years, IS has not only thrived but made striking advances, taking over cities such as Raqqa, Fallujah and Mosul. IS is thus the first movement in the Arab world to bring jihadism from the margins to the centre.
Part of its success stems from its consolidation strategy. Its aim is not so much to conquer the world, despite the claims of propagandists and critics alike, but to root itself firmly in the territory it occupies. This inclines it to greater pragmatism than is generally acknowledged. Until recently at least, its fighters would hold western captives to ransom, where previous generations of jihadists would have killed them for shock value. The filmed decapitation of journalist James Foley is thus a significant departure from recent practice. Does fighters expend great effort fighting for oil wells, which give them a high degree of financial autonomy. They are happy to attack weak Sunni rivals in selected areas, but have little appetite for confronting more serious adversaries: they mostly shun the fight with the Syrian regime, steer clear of taking Iraq's Shia militias head-on, and when needed have moderated their antagonism towards Kurdish factions, who also defend their turf fiercely.
What political programme?
All the same, IS has little to offer to those it purports to represent. The disastrous situation in Mosul provides ample evidence of this: their considerable resources stop short of funding any sort of redistribution programme. Its vision of governance is anachronistic, amounting to a revival of practices dating back to the Prophet, which would be scarcely practical even if they were properly understood. Paradoxically, beyond this rudimentary utopia, they advance no theory of the Islamic state — the Sunni world in general having failed to develop one, by contrast with Iran's brand of political Islam. At best, they apply a more structured code of war, which gives them an advantage over armed groups engaged in straightforward criminality. Their attempt at systematisation reinforces their cohesion through actions and language that are undoubtedly violent, but relatively elaborate.
At root, IS simply fills a void. It occupies northeast Syria because the Syrian regime has by and large abandoned it, and the opposition that might have replaced it has failed to secure a genuine sponsor, in particular the US. And, in Iraq, IS has surged into cities such as Fallujah and Mosul because the central power in Baghdad has largely neglected them: the Iraqi state maintained a presence there that was simultaneously corrupt, repressive and flimsy. IS's rapid expansion into zones in northern Iraq controlled by Kurdish forces, but inhabited by Christian and Yezidi minorities, is unsurprising, given the lack of real interest shown in the victims by their ostensible protectors, the Kurds, who were quick to withdraw to their own territory.
IS also fills a void on a more abstract level. Simply put, the Sunni world has trouble coming to terms with its past and imagining its future. A fragmented 20th-century history, following a long period of Ottoman occupation which was seen as a period of decline, ended with a succession of failures: anti-imperialism, pan-Arabism, nationalist movements, socialism, various forms of Islamism, capitalism — all led only to bitter or ambiguous experiences. Thus far, with the exception of Tunisia, the hopes born of the 2011 uprisings have turned to ashes. So where can Sunnis turn to find inspiration, self-confidence and pride? The reactionaries in the Gulf and Egypt? The Muslim Brothers, who are on the ropes? Palestinian Hamas, locked in a perpetual impasse in its resistance to Israel?
During the same period, the Shia world has scored notable, if qualified, successes: Iran has established itself as a country the West cannot avoid dealing with and has ambitions to play an ever greater role in the Arab world; Hizbullah is calling the shots in Lebanon and there is an ever-stronger Shia axis linking Beirut, Damascus, Baghdad and Tehran. This has created a new and troubling phenomenon: a Sunni majority with a minority complex — a powerful though confused feeling of marginalisation, dispossession and humiliation. More and more Sunnis throughout the region experience and express the feeling that they have been deprived of their fundamental rights and are suffering persecution.
With some honourable exceptions, minorities (Shia, Christian, Alawite, Kurdish, etc), all of which cultivate their own narrative of victimhood, are at best indifferent to the fate of the Sunni majority, and at worst complicit. The West too plays a part. The fate of the Yezidis, dying of hunger as they fled into the Sinjar mountains, has caused concern at the highest level of western governments, yet that of the inhabitants of Damascus's besieged districts, where a greater number of Sunnis are being starved by the regime, doesn't raise an eyebrow.
Concealing the vacuum
What is the most worrying perhaps is that IS has become a means of concealing a seemingly universal political vacuum. Everyone who hated Bush's “war on terror” — seeing it either as inadvertently pouring oil on the flames, or as an aberrant throwback to the logic of imperialism — is now happily singing from that very hymn sheet, because it saves them having to think about the real challenges the region poses.
IS provides legitimation for all the excesses of Iran's increasing resort to Shia sectarianism in response to its Sunni equivalent; a default policy saving the West from its ambivalence, in a region where it no longer knows which way to turn; a justification for the orgy of counter-revolutionary violence condoned by elites in the Arab world; and a distraction from the growing alienation of minorities from their environment — a dynamic in which they are agents as well as victims, since they seek salvation in forms of repression that make the problem worse.
From this, there follows a sequence of statements each more absurd than the last. Iran to the West: embrace us because of the IS threat. Arab regimes to their people: we won't give an inch because of the IS threat. The Syrian opposition: save us from ourselves because of the IS threat. Hizbullah to the Lebanese people: everything is permissible because of the IS threat. The US: we aren't going to intervene in Syria because of the IS threat, but we will strike Iraq... because of the IS threat.
Regression is everywhere. In international relations, not only has the “war on terror” been hauled back out of the dustbin of history, but the “protection of minorities” has also been exhumed, on the colonial model, which means bombing a turbulent majority. The small number of targets hit by US planes and drones in Iraq are an act of liberation not for the Yezidis, whose future depends on many other factors, but for the conscience of the Obama administration, which has shrugged and looked away when faced with all sorts of other acts of violence in the past three years.
The US has finally intervened in Iraq because it was able to do so at little cost: there was no danger of an escalating conflict with IS, which has no means of immediate retaliation; little chance of an outcry from US or global public opinion, which broadly backs the cause; nor of diplomatic complications, since views on IS are unanimous in the Iraqi government, the Kurdish leadership and in neighbouring Iran, Turkey and Saudi Arabia.
Clear message to the region
These bombing campaigns are not neutral, however. Seen from the region, they have meaning. In the grim litany of Middle Eastern slaughter, they happen to come after a month of determined indifference from the US administration over the fate of Gazan civilians under bombardment. They send a very clear message to the region: the right mix of “war on terror” and “protection of minorities” can capture and mobilise US power. Massoud Barzani, the president of Kurdistan's regional government, knows this, as their sensationalist appeal for help in the Washington Post made clear (2). Other politicians in the region understand it too: what they remain deaf to are calls for positive change.
It took the appearance of IS in Lebanon to shake that fragile country out of its state of paralysis. But a step forward can also mean a leap back: the political class and its foreign backers think solely of military solutions, though the army is united mainly in the hunt for Sunni Islamists, while studiously ignoring the sensitive question of Hizbullah, which is left free to fight alongside the reviled regimes in Syria and Iraq. In fact, all destabilising structural factors are, as elsewhere in the region, deemed secondary compared to dealing with IS militarily. In Sunni communities, feelings of victimisation can only grow.
The future looks bright for IS if the main actors continue to exploit its presence to avoid responsibility for their own failings. Shia Islamists, secular elites and western governments are redefining their relations on the basis of a sort of holy war that is becoming an end in itself. In this context, Gaza, Yemen, Sinai, Libya and even Tunisia are fertile grounds for IS expansion. This is a part of the world which has a high degree of regional integration, both across and within borders: as a result of rural migration, outlying regions are well connected to informal neighbourhoods that often sit close to the heart of the big cities.
Close ties also exist with western societies, which have been reshaped by the flow of immigrants and new information technologies. These are producing a new generation of potential jihadists who can easily travel to Syria or Iraq, from where they can talk up their experiences through a hail of tweets that they fire just as easily as bullets.
Though it stands for little in itself, IS is being fed by a system. It can provide a default form of redemption, an ad hoc ally, a means of social advancement, or a ready-made identity for Sunnis experiencing a profound crisis. It serves as a foil or useful distraction for its most cynical critics, and a bogeyman concentrating the fears — rational and otherwise — of actors faced with their own failures. This multiplicity of meanings, against a background of chaotic change, is what has brought it success.
The Daily Show host Jon Stewart was surprised to learn Tuesday night that China — not the United States — was the winner of the Iraq war.
“Don't you have to be in a war to win it?” they wondered. “China, you've already beaten us in synchronized drumming, bear cuteness, air chewability, and you've got to take this from us too? How?”
It turns out that China is now Iraq's biggest customer, purchasing half of the country's oil production. China spent $2 billion and sent hundreds of workers into Iraq to ensure their dominance over the oil market.
“When we were in Iraq we'd spend $2 billion just looking for the other $9 billion we lost,” Stewart remarked.
Ironically, China had opposed the U.S. invasion of Iraq and even attempted to arm Saddam Hussein's regime.
“They do everything they can to hurt us and we still end up helping them. It's like if Bank of America was a country.”
Watch video, via Mediaite, below:
A prominent Republican strategist on Tuesday endorsed Democrat Terry McAuliffe for governor of Virginia over the GOP candidate, state Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli.
Boyd Marcus, a former chief of staff to Republican Gov. Jim Gilmore and an adviser to current Virginia Lt. Gov. Bill Bolling, R, said they would advise McAuliffe for the remainder of this year's gubernatorial election.
"I've never before supported any Democrat, but this election Terry is the clear choice for mainstream conservatives," Marcus said in a statement released by the McAuliffe campaign. "I am excited to work with them to grow the already-long list of prominent Republican leaders who are supporting their campaign. Virginia is facing tremendous economic headwinds and we need a governor who is going to work with both parties."
Marcus also enjoys close ties to House Majority Leader Eric Cantor, R-Va., having served as the Virginia member of congress's chief of staff in 2002.
"Virginians are concerned about each candidate's vision for the future and how they plan to grow the economy and create jobs, not who their political consultants are," said Cuccinelli spokesperson Richard T. Cullen. "Ken Cuccinelli has a long and distinguished record of leadership and service in Virginia and has laid out substantive plans that will make the Commonwealth stronger. Terry McAuliffe, meanwhile, has been exposed as a failed job creator who has misled Virginians at every turn about their business record."
An outspoken conservative Cuccinelli's work to cull support from the Republican grassroots helped discourage Bolling from challenging the attorney general for the GOP gubernatorial nod. Most importantly, Cuccinelli managed to switch the nominating process from a primary to a convention, in which conservative activists (who favored Cuccinelli) are more influential.
Bolling had mulled waging an independent bid, but ultimately declined, citing the difficulty and high costs of doing so. Since then, Bolling has been complimentary of McAuliffe at key points during the campaign, seeming to undercut the notion of a unified Republican Party in Virginia.
Do you know which is the oldest domains on the internet? Over 20 years, now where are they? If they still active? Or with the over 20 years development, they have become the famous website and be well known with us.
Now let's see the following list how are the 10 oldest domains today.
1. SYMBOLICS.COM
Created: 1985-03-15
Expires: 2016-03-16
Symbolics is currently a privately held company which acquired the assets and intellectual property of the old public company called Symbolics, Inc.
PR = 5
Alexa 476,047
2. BBN.COM
Created: 1985-04-24
Expires: 2011-04-25
BBN.com accomplish the most difficult technological feats across a range of diciplines.
PR = 7
Alexa 275,142
3. THINK.COM
Created: 1985-05-24
Expires: 2008-05-23
Think.com is a website about education foundation, it is a global community for learning.It connects schools, teachers, and students from around the world to collaborate on projects, share experiences, and build knowledge together.
PR = 7
Alexa 30,383
4. MCC.COM
Created: 1985-07-11
Expires: 2008-07-10
The domain is active but can't be open now.
5. DEC.COM
Created: 1985-09-30
Expires: 2009-09-29
Dec.com is a official Hewlett-Packard site – Buy or learn about HP printers, laptops, computers, digital cameras, servers, storage, networking, software, enterprise solutions and more.
PR = 9
Alexa 242
6. NORTHROP.COM
Created: 1985-11-07
Expires: 2011-11-06
It is a website introduce Northrop Grumman Corporation.Grumman Corporation is a $32 billion global defense and technology company whose 120,000 employees provide innovative systems, products, and solutions in information and services, electronics, aerospace and shipbuilding to government and commercial customers worldwide.
PR = 6
Alexa 63,468
7. XEROX.COM
Created: 1986-01-09
Expires: 2010-01-08
XEROX.COM the website about Xerox Corporation (NYSE:XRX). Xerox is the world's leading document management technology and services enterprise. There are color printers, copiers, business consulting services, copier and printer supplies on Xerox.com.
PR = 7
Alexa 13,666
8. SRI.COM
Created: 1986-01-17
Expires: 2015-01-18
SRI International is an independent, nonprofit research institute that conducts contract research and development for government agencies, businesses and foundations.
PR = 7
Alexa 163,372
9. HP.COM
Created: 1986-03-03
Expires: 2009-03-04
Hp.com is a official Hewlett-Packard site about buy or learn about HP printers, laptops, computers, digital cameras, servers, storage, networking, software, enterprise solutions and more.
PR = 9
Alexa 242
10. BELLCORE.COM
Created: 1986-03-05
Expires: 2009-03-06
Bellcore.com has redirected to http://www.telcordia.com/ automaticly. Telcordia supports communications companies around the world with a comprehensive portfolio of telecommunications networks software, services and research that spans planning and engineering, fulfillment, service delivery, charging, and service management.
PR = 7
Alexa 298,395
What is BunFest?
BunFest was created by Rabbit Rescue Inc. as an educational exposition and fundraiser. Our aim is to educate pet rabbit owners regarding everything related to bunny guardianship and offer advice, information and support. Throughout our venue you will find all kinds of fantastic and fun areas of interest, so take your time to explore them all!
BunFest is geared specifically towards rabbits that are house pets. BunFest does not endorse, support or recommend the breeding or showing of rabbits. Our Event and information focuses on keeping your rabbit happy and healthy in a loving home environment – we believe rabbits deserve to be part of the family!
How much is admission?
Admission to BunFest is $8, with 100% of the proceeds going to help the animals in Rabbit Rescue's care.
Can I bring my bunny?
Of course! There are lots of fun things for you to do with your bunny at BunFest, however, please take a few things into consideration. While we would love to see you and your rabbit at BunFest, please keep in mind that this event can be crowded, noisy and stressful for some bunnies. No one knows your bunny as well as you do so if you think that BunFest might be too much for your rabbit to handle, please leave them at home. Make sure you pick up lots of bunny stuff to make it up to them! Please refer to our BunFest Rules for additional information.
What is happening throughout the day?
We have a BunSpa, Glamour Shots, bunny merchandise, a bunny cafe and lounge, a silent auction, special guests and vendors and so much more! Also, please see below for a list of events and seminars happening throughout the day that you won't want to miss!
Where is BunFest being held?
Bob Rumball Canadian Centre of Excellence for the Deaf
2395 Bayview Avenue, Toronto, Ontario, M2L 1A2
The Bob Rumball Canadian Centre of Excellence for the Deaf is located at 2395 Bayview Avenue. On the East side of Bayview Avenue, just North of Lawrence Avenue East, and just South of Post Road. Across the street from the Granite Club and North of Glendon College and Crescent School.
BunFest Parking Notice! FYI, incase the parking lot at the Bob Rumball Centre is full, we have permission to use the parking lot of Crescent School just south of the venue.
How do I get there via TTC?
Visit www.ttc.ca and enter your address to find the best route via the Bus or Subway. The Bob Rumball Centre is conveniently located directly off of Bayview Avenue and close to the subway line.
Will there be bunnies available for adoption at BunFest?
Yes! Rabbit Rescue will have adoptable rabbits at the Bunny Brigade area of BunFest. We will also have our Adoption Binder so you can look at all the rabbits looking for new forever homes. PLEASE NOTE: Rabbit Rescue rabbits will not be adopted out BunFest day. Our Adoption Screening process does not allow for same-day adoptions, but you can fill out an application to adopt on BunFest day.
ADOPTING BUNFEST DAY
Many of our shelters participating in BunFest WILL have rabbits that you can adopt on BunFest day. Toronto Animal Services, the Toronto Humane Society Special Species Department and Upper Credit Humane Society will have adoptable rabbits who are looking for new, forever homes. If you are hoping to find a new friend at BunFest, please bring at least two pieces of government-issued I.D. and cash for the adoption fees. Adoption fees and screening processes vary by shelter/rescue and are at their sole discretion, so please come prepared. There is no ATM on-site.
What sort of payment is accepted?
We are able to accept cash and major credit cards at BunFest. Unfortunately we are NOT able to accept personal cheques or debit cards. There is NO ATM on-site, so please come prepared!
Is there food available to eat?
Yes! We will be having our BunFest Bake Sale inside the venue which will offer wonderful sweet treats, all are vegan. There will also be fresh and delicious vegetarian and vegan fare available for purchase.
Bed Stuy Kitty Crew View Full Caption DNAinfo/Camille Bautista
BEDFORD-STUYVESANT — When Jill Riker and Jason Corso moved into their Bedford-Stuyvesant building, they were greeted by a cacophony of kitten mews.
The couple dug under fences in their backyard to find a litter about three weeks old. They bottle fed the tiny cats and found them new homes.
Now their Chauncey Street apartment is home to nine cats, many of which they've picked up after they started working to help strays by trapping, neutering and returning (TNR) throughout Brooklyn.
“Any stray cats that we find — some of them are feral cats, some are just cats that people throw out — we get them neutered and spayed, and then we send them back out,” said Riker, 35, who has more than 15 years of experience in animal rescue.
Riker and Corso dubbed themselves the Bed Stuy Kitty Crew after moving to the neighborhood from Ridgewood three years ago.
“I had never really seen the need in Ridgewood," Corso, 36, said.
"You would see the occasional cat, but when we came here, they were just everywhere."
Since then, the pair frequent three Bed-Stuy spaces daily, feeding up to 15 cats in one spot.
They pay mostly out of their own pocket to get the animals fixed and fed, often doing mass trappings every six months and individual TNRs when needed.
Daily grub can cost $5 and, over the last three years, veterinary bills and neutering costs have totaled an estimated $2,000, according to Corso.
“The majority of them are feral, but it's very difficult to place them,” they added. “We release them to where we found them where they're used to their habitat, and after we get them fixed we're back feeding them, that way they're not abandoned.”
Bed-Stuy Kitty Crew is one of several groups including Bedford Corners Community Cats that TNR throughout Brooklyn, where hundreds of cat colonies abound, according to the couple.
Photo credit: Facebook/Bed Stuy Kitty Crew
Through the process, the cats are prevented from reproducing, many that are ill can receive necessary care and the more domesticated ones, which Corso calls “friendlies,” are able to find a new home.
“We send them back out unless they're really loving and we don't have the heart,” Corso said, adding that at one point they had 12 cats living with them.
Pet owners need to have their animals fixed, they stressed, because many cats end up getting “dumped” when their owners move, or can get out and get pregnant.
The Brooklyn couple has their own traps, but rent more for larger colonies.
Cats are lured into the metal cages with a trail of sardine juice or food and are taken to clinics at the ASPCA or local vets to be spayed or neutered at either no cost, or as little as $5.
Riker estimates that they've TNR'd about 80 cats over the last three years.
READ MORE: 'Kitten Season' Leaves Hundreds of Stray Cats on Brooklyn Streets
Passersby who recognize the couple during their feedings often ask for help to get cats in their neighboring lots fixed, they said.
But not everyone appreciates the work they do.
“We've gotten yelled at, cursed at, threatened,” Riker said.
“Some guy told me, ‘I'll f—k you up for feeding the cat, why don't you do that in front of your place?' I was like, ‘We do,'” Corso added.
In addition to their home being a safe haven for strays, including friendlies like Isosceles, Lex, and Pandora, there are at least a dozen that frequent the backyard in shelters Riker and Corso have built from Styrofoam coolers, Ikea shelves, insulation and straw.
Riker makes their own meals for the cats they keep indoors, creating mixes of pre-ground chicken, turkey, rabbit or duck, with vitamins. Since she's a vegan, creating the food from scratch is a sacrifice they said she's willing to make to give them healthier options.
“If I care about what I eat, I should also care about what they eat,” they said.
The couple has climbed onto neighboring fire escapes, over fences, and crafted ways to throw food onto roofs where they've seen the animals in need of help, they said.
While they're sure to hit their neighborhood locations each day, they also keep cat food in their car and bags to feed strays on their way home or to work — which often leads to being followed by friendlies down the blocks, Riker said.
Aside from the emotional attachment that comes with it, the most difficult part isn't the trapping, or coaxing, it's the naming, they said. With each visit to the vet or ASPCA, every cat needs to be named.
Photo credit: Facebook/Bed Stuy Kitty Crew
Riker and Corso have gone through dozens of lists, checking off from inventories of Greek goddesses, constellations, movie characters and more.
“That's probably the hardest part out of everything,” Corso said. “You want to give them a good name, not like Fluffy, or Mitsy, or Bootsy.”
Those who are interested can get TNR certified through free workshops, they added.
“Get your cat spayed or neutered, whether it's an outdoor cat, find a way to do it, and definitely if it's your own pet, because that's where it stems from,” they said. “And there are other options other than dumping your cat out on the street.”
The Bed Stuy Kitty Crew's neighborhood work has prompted other locals to start feeding as well, the couple said, though the practice of tending to area cats isn't anything new.
“It's just very sad, but at the same time it's very rewarding. You do get a good feeling when you walk up the block and the cats see you and they start running towards you,” Riker said. “You feel like you're doing something good for just that second.”
Pia Mellody, one of the founders of the co-dependency movement, cites problems with self-esteem as being one of the five primary symptoms of co-dependency (Mellody, Pia, 1989). In an amazing example of prescience, Pia did not propose that every person who is co-dependent suffers from low self-esteem but instead describes three kinds of problems in self-esteem.
It was prescient because recently the traditional view of self-esteem has been strongly criticized based on research indicating that low self-esteem is not necessarily problematical. In fact, high esteem can be associated with various problem behaviours as can instability in self-esteem (Baumeister et al, 2003). However it must be noted that Brandon (1997) has presented counter-arguments to these criticisms based mainly on their much more complex definition of self-esteem.
In any case, Pia Mellody decades before the current self-esteem controversy proposed that co-dependent individuals have problems with self-esteem including not only low self-esteem but also high self-esteem or what Pia Mellody calls "false entitlement" in which they value themselves above others and are too demanding of others. Another problem with self-esteem that Pia proposed was unstable self-esteem in which self-esteem can flip-flop from abnormally high to abnormally low in a period of time as short as a few minutes. This view has been supported by recent research indicating that unstable self-esteem is a better predictor of problems than stable self-esteem or self-esteem measured at one particular period of time.
A useful approach to recovering from the self-esteem problems often found in co-dependency is to understand the link between these self-esteem problems of adulthood and how they developed during early childhood. To do this, I will describe first the traditional co-dependency view of self-esteem development and then a more recently proposed epigenetic model which I hope will deepen your understanding of how such problems develop and how to recover from them.
Why do people who are co-dependent, that is people who are brought up in dysfunctional families, develop problems in self-esteem?
Pia Mellody, provided an explanation, in terms of how the child was esteemed and valued in their family of origin. For example if the infant and young child receives a lot of harsh criticism, they will come to believe they are of no or little value and hence their self-esteem will be very low or even negative.
If they are praised unrealistically they will develop false entitlement. If there is little consistency across time in how they are cared for and valued by the chief caretaker they will grow up with an unstable self-esteem. This latter occurs when the parents switch from unrealistic adulation of the child when they are doing what the parents want, to complete denigration and even physical abuse when the child is not conforming to the parents' wishes.
The epigenetic model of the development of self-esteem
More recently, Dr. Tal Ben-Shahar, on the basis of their doctoral research, has provided a novel and useful epigenetic model of how self-esteem develops. Epigenetic simply means that each stage in series is dependent on successful completion of the previous stage. Benshar proposes that there are three types of self-esteem and that they occur developmentally as an epigenetic series of three stages:
Dependent self-esteem Independent self-esteem Unconditional self-esteem.
Ben-Shahar's model is useful in that it adds conceptual coherence and logic to Mellody's ideas about how self-esteem is disturbed in co-dependency. I came across it in a wonderfully enlightening and emotionally impactful online course given by Ben-Shahar called "Foundations of Positive Psychology". I highly recommend this course if you want to learn about positive psychology and if you want a new source of positive input in your life.
Positive psychology provides an expanded view of the human condition in that it focuses on nurturing human strengths and virtues as opposed to the focus on remediation of deficits and weakness found in most of traditional psychology.
Positive psychology also emphasizes a connection between self-esteem and happiness although this again is a controversial topic (Lauren Slater "The Trouble with Self-esteem")
Description of normal and abnormal epigenetic development of self-esteem
Dependent self-esteem is a perfectly normal stage of development which is obvious in young children who are dependent on the valuations made by others of them, particularly their chief care takers, the parents. In this stage the source of your value comes from how others value you and their communication of these valuations to you. If the child receives sufficient praise and compliments and positive remarks about themselves, then they develop a positive but still dependent self-esteem.
It is only if children develop a positive dependent self-esteem that they can move on to develop independent self-esteem. This change is initiated by probably an innate drive of the child, now usually an adolescent, to want to be their own evaluator, i. e, to stop being evaluated by others and to start to evaluate themselves based on their observation of their behaviour and thinking and feelings. This may account for some of the rebellion seen in adolescence as the individual moves towards becoming independent of the evaluations of others and assumes independent self-esteem.
The third stage of unconditional self-esteem is only reached if one has passed through the first two stages and developed positive dependent and independent self-esteem. In unconditional self-esteem the individual can enter a state of being in which they are no longer concerned with the evaluation process. It is a state of complete self acceptance and detachment from how others or even oneself evaluates the self. I like to speculate that this is a stage in which the self itself is left behind, one transcends the self and indentifies with something greater than the self, perhaps humanity in general, or life forms in general, or a spiritual force or entity . This stage (or state) is experienced occasionally by most of us when we are in a beautiful natural surrounding and experience deeply and profoundly the peace and beauty of the scene. In this state of unconditional self-esteem we tend to lose ourselves and lose track of time.
How can one recover from self-esteem issues in Co-dependent persons
Remember that co-dependence in its most broad definition refers to anyone raised with less than optimal nurturing of their personality development. Thus by definition co-dependents likely will not have moved evenly through the three epigenetic stages. What can be done to remedy this situation with all its detrimental consequences and suffering?
The short answer, given by Pia Mellody and others in the co-dependency movement, is that the co-dependent person must actively take on the job of recovery themselves. No one else can do it for them but there are a lot of resources available including the extensive literature available on co-dependence recovery, various 12-step groups (Co-dependents Anonymous, Alanon), and therapists familiar with the co-dependency and similar models of recovery from childhood deprivation, neglect, trauma, or abuse.
It is important to note that such recovery from problems in self-esteem requires more than just lavishing praise on ourselves although this is important in some instances. It may also involve a thorough re-appraisal of who we are, taking an honest look at our thoughts, feelings and behaviours, and especially of our values. This is far from any New Age kind of unconditional self love!
It is to be noted that 12-step groups have long suggested taking a "fearless and moral inventory" as part of the recovery process. The benefits of successfully navigating our way through the three stages of self-esteem development are immense and include freedom from being overly sensitive to criticism by others or ourself, increased self-confidence, and self-fulfilment. Perfect happiness is not attainable but recovery from low self-esteem can enable us to live a more fulfilling and meaningful life even with all its complexities and challenges.
Recommended Readings:
Baumeister, R. F., Campbell, J. D., Krueger, J. I. & Vohs, K. D. (2003). Does High Self-Esteem Cause Better Performance, Interpersonal Success, Happiness, or Healthier Lifestyles? Psychological Science in the Public Interest, 1-44.
http://www.csom.umn.edu/Assets/71496.pdf
Ben-Shahar, T. D. (2003). Toward a New Formulation of Self-Esteem: Dependent, Independent, and Unconditional. Unpublished manuscript.
http://talbenshahar.com/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=30&Ite...
Branden, N. (1997). What Self-Esteem Is and Is Not. Excerpt from The Art of Living Consciously. Simon and Schuster.
http://www.nathanielbranden.com/ess/exc04.html
Mellody, Pia. Facing Codpendence. Harper San Francisco.
Copyright © 2014 Brian S. Scott
Rep. Trey Gowdy blasted National Parks Service director Jonathan Jarvis during a House hearing Wednesday morning, in which they accused Mr. Jarvis of favoring “pot-smoking” Occupy protesters over American war veterans.
The South Carolina Republican pressed Mr. Jarvis to cite a specific regulation that permitted the Parks Service to shut down public parks on the first day of the government shutdown.
“On the very first day of the closure, I implemented a closure order for all 401 national parks in compliance with the Anti-Deficiency Act,” Mr. Jarvis said. “And immediately, that day, also included, as a part of that order, that First Amendment activities would be permitted on the National Mall.”
Mr. Gowdy then asked, “Do you consider it First Amendment activity to walk to a monument that you helped build, or is it only just smoking pot at McPherson Square?”
“We are content-neutral on First Amendment and on the National Mall,” Mr. Jarvis responded.
“That wasn't my question,” Mr. Gowdy fired back. “Do you consider it to be an exercise of your First Amendment rights to walk to a monument that you helped build?”
Mr. Jarvis then insinuated that individuals could visit the memorials if they “declare” they are there to exercise their First Amendment rights.
“Who were they to declare it to?” Mr. Gowdy angrily interrupted. “A barricade? … I want the record to reflect that no statute or code of the federal regulation was cited to justify the erection of barricades.”
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Last year, the lower court upheld an RCMP production order from 2015 that compelled VICE Media and Makuch — who covers national security and surveillance — to give the police force all the Kik instant messenger chats, or screen grabs of those chats, they had with Farah Shirdon, a 22-year-old man from Calgary, Alberta who is suspected of taking up arms with Islamic State fighters in Iraq and Syria. Even though the RCMP has already laid six terror-related charges against Shirdon in absentia — because their whereabouts have been unknown for years — the force argues that Makuch's communications are essential for their investigation.
The decision released Wednesday morning is already being criticized as a further erosion of press freedoms in Canada.
“[Makuch's] investigations into the complex world of cyberterrorism and digital security matter more now than ever.”
“Simply put, this isn't over,” VICE Canada president Ryan Archibald said on Wednesday in a statement. “VICE Media is prepared to do whatever it takes to support and defend our reporter, and our friend, Ben Makuch. Their investigations into the complex world of cyberterrorism and digital security matter more now than ever.”
The Ontario Court of Appeal has upheld a ruling ordering a VICE News reporter to hand over their communications with a source to the Royal Canadian Mounted Police, a decision the company says it plans to appeal to the Supreme Court.
Read more
The Ontario Court of Appeal has upheld a ruling ordering a VICE News reporter to hand over their communications with a source to the Royal Canadian Mounted Police, a decision the company says it plans to appeal to the Supreme Court.
“Simply put, this isn't over,” VICE Canada president Ryan Archibald said on Wednesday in a statement. “VICE Media is prepared to do whatever it takes to support and defend our reporter, and our friend, Ben Makuch. Their investigations into the complex world of cyberterrorism and digital security matter more now than ever.”
“[Makuch's] investigations into the complex world of cyberterrorism and digital security matter more now than ever.”
The decision released Wednesday morning is already being criticized as a further erosion of press freedoms in Canada.
Last year, the lower court upheld an RCMP production order from 2015 that compelled VICE Media and Makuch — who covers national security and surveillance — to give the police force all the Kik instant messenger chats, or screen grabs of those chats, they had with Farah Shirdon, a 22-year-old man from Calgary, Alberta who is suspected of taking up arms with Islamic State fighters in Iraq and Syria. Even though the RCMP has already laid six terror-related charges against Shirdon in absentia — because their whereabouts have been unknown for years — the force argues that Makuch's communications are essential for their investigation.
Makuch's case has drawn the ire of civil liberties advocates who have slammed the RCMP's tactics as a fishing expedition with a disregard for journalistic integrity. It's compounded by recent attacks on press freedom across Canada, which has no shield laws that protect journalists from being forced to expose confidential sources. Late last year, it was revealed that Quebec police officers were spying on reporters with the blessing of provincial judges.
R. v. Vice Media Canada Inc. by Rachel Browne on Scribd
“The decision sets an extremely troubling precedent. This is a huge blow to press freedom in Canada,” said Tom Henheffer, executive director of the Canadian Journalists for Free Expression. “There are not enough protections for journalists in this county … Public interest, and national security, is going to be struck a severe blow because journalist sources are going to dry out.”
“This is a huge blow to press freedom in Canada.”
At the Court of Appeal hearings in February, VICE Canada lawyer Iain MacKinnon argued that the decision of the lower court ignored the wealth of evidence it already has against Shirdon, including comments gleaned from their public social media presence. It's unlikely that Makuch's materials would have any further value, MacKinnon added, and the lower court did not properly balance the interests of press freedoms against law enforcement powers.
Makuch argued in an affidavit that gaining trust with sources depends on the assumption that the journalist is not an arm of law enforcement, and that the communications between them can remain confidential.
Although Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has said that press freedom is “absolutely critical” for a functioning democracy, they have yet to propose concrete measures that would prevent government and law enforcement from interfering with journalists.
Scott Bardsley, press secretary to the federal minister of public safety, sent VICE News a joint statement with the Prime Minister's Office, saying the departments are aware of the court's most recent decision, but wouldn't comment further because “the specifics of the case involve an ongoing investigation.”
The statement added that freedom of the press is “essential” and that Canada “resolutely supports the rights of journalists to pursue and share information.”
Is Thailand And ASEAN Nations Implementing A “Pivot” Of Their Own Posted by : admin
In a recent article from The Telegraph author Ambrose Evans-Pritchard analyzed how Federal Reserve policies impact emerging markets. It is a very interesting article for anyone (especially expatriates living abroad) interested in understanding how Fed policy reverberates in markets outside of the United States. Of particular interest to expats living overseas was the analysis of the disproportionate impact Fed policy has on foreign nationals residing in other countries. Although the asupervisorstioned article would seem primarily targeted at a British audience, as an American expatriate living in the Kingdom of Thailand, I found this information compelling. Evans-Pritchard cited an assertion from Mirza Baig of BNP Paribas noting that foreign nationals bear significant currency risks in some of the nations in Southeast Asia. In Thailand, it appears that foreigners bear currency risks of 81%, while those expatriates living in Malaysia and India bear 90% and 74% risk, respectively. I have dealt with the vicissitudes of currency fluctuation many times during my tenure in Thailand as the exchange rate between the Thai Baht and the US Dollar was around 39-1 when I first arrived in the Kingdom. Since then, I have seen the exchange rate fall (or rise depending upon your perspective) to around 27-1 and re-stabilize around 30-1. As of the time of this writing, the Baht-Dollar exchange rate stands at approximately 31-1. However, many are speculating that the Baht will lose value against the dollar in the coming months. This would likely be due to the perception that the Fed may begin to implement a kind of belt tightening after years of promoting liquidity.
Unlike times past, the actions of the Fed have increasingly serious implications in emerging markets. As the article noted, in the past when the Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker tightened up their belt, there were substantial ramifications in South America and elsewhere. The negative aspects of those policies on South American economies was containable. However, this was at a time when China was virtually isolated, and the Soviet Union did not really factor into any analysis of the economic interactions between countries in the “Free World”. Meanwhile in the 1990′s Federal Reserve policies could negatively impact global economics more than before that period, such negative implications were still containable since there was a “power ratio” of around 1:2 between the United States economy and the emerging markets. This is no longer the case as the relationship has basically equalized. Should Fed policies have a substantial negative impact on the emerging markets, then the problem may not be contained within those markets and the economic problems could easily (and quickly, if there is anything to be learned from the financial crashes of the past decade) spill over into Western Europe and America.
In American politics, one cannot read articles and information regarding the United States' stance on Southeast Asia without seeing the words “pivot”. The Obama administration has consistently noted that the U.S. wishes to see American foreign policy “pivot” to a more solid relationship with the nations in the Asia-Pacific region and those comprising the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN). In fact the P-word has been cited in connection to the visit to Southeast Asia by the American Secretary of Defense. However, in light of recent events in the economic sphere it would appear that ASEAN countries and Thailand specifically may be “pivoting” themselves. For example, at the recent meeting between the Foreign Ministers of ASEAN and the Foreign Minister of China it was noted that Sino-ASEAN trade increased five times compared to ten years ago. As of 2012, trade between China and ASEAN stood at approximately $400 billion. Clearly, China is becoming an increasingly important trading partner and in light of the fact that ASEAN and Thailand may not wish to be at the mercy of the Fed's whims, further solidifying this relationship may prove to be an effective method for ASEAN nations to mitigate negative side effects caused by economic policies of both China and the United States.
In a recent interview, the Prime Minister of Thailand, Yingluck Shinawatra, articulated a desire to see further investment in Thailand from China and supported such an investment due to Thailand's position as the “strategic center” of ASEAN. “Thailand will be spending about 66 billion U.S. dollars in infrastructure. Especially, we will need the technology that China has, like high speed train,” Mrs. Yingluck stated. “And we know that the high-speed railway connecting Thailand and China will run from Thailand through Laos to China. So it will be an important part of Chinese investment in Thailand”. As the deadline for ASEAN integration comes ever closer it seems logical to assume that Thailand, the ASEAN jurisdictions, and China will all see a closer economic relationship begin to blossom. How this relationship will impact both diplomatic and trade relations with the United States remains to be seen, but American economic policymakers should be aware that the era of America being able to set economic and monetary policy with little thought to the implications in emerging Asian markets has passed.
Tags: ASEAN, ASsociation of Southeast ASian Nations, China, China-ASEAN trade, currency exchange, expatriate currency issues, Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker, high-speed railway, Laos, Malaysia, Thailand, United States, Yingluck Shinawatra
As far back as 2011, concerns were raised about the tailings pond at the Mount Polley Mine. Brian Olding and Associates, an environmental consulting firm, prepared a detailed report that was submitted to the provincial Ministry of the Environment.
“We looked at the pond and we thought there was monitoring required. We wanted an emergency contingency plan in place.”
Olding was hired jointly by the Williams Lake Indian Band, the Soda Creek Indian Band and mine owner Imperial Metals to conduct an independent review of the Mount Polley Mine 75 kilometres southeast of Quesnel and prepare a technical assessment report on the proposed discharge of water from a tailings pond.
At about 3:45 a.m. on Monday the very pond they reported on was breached, sending over five million cubic metres of contaminated water and toxic slurry into Hazeltine Creek, uprooting trees with its force, and making its way toward Quesnel Lake.
By late Monday on the advice of provincial authorities, the Cariboo Regional District had issued a complete ban on drinking, swimming and bathing in the waterways surrounding the mine and extended it to include Polley Lake and all the waterways near the Mount Polley Mine, including Quesnel Lake, Cariboo Creek, Hazeltine Creek and “the entire Quesnel and Cariboo Rivers systems right to the Fraser River.”
Residents have been told not to allow pets or livestock to drink the water.
Chief Anne Louie of the Williams Lake Indian band said this is a “massive environmental disaster.” Louie, who was in meetings all day dealing with the crisis said “We held discussions with the mine staff related to the potential of this situation occurring. We have a report that we worked on a couple of years ago.” Louie said they will be having community meetings to address the issues in the coming days.
The ban will cover at least 300 people in the region, especially in the town of Likely, said Al Richmond, chairperson of the Cariboo Regional District. The ban will stay in place until water samples have been analyzed.
“It's an emergency situation. We haven't yet declared a state of emergency, but the province and Interior health authorities and emergency services are working together to make an assessment,” said Richmond.
The escaping wall of water and slurry created a massive debris field that backed into Polley Lake and tumbled down Hazeltine Creek and into Quesnel Lake.
“What we know so far is that debris from the tailings pond backed up a little into Polley Lake, which absorbed some of the flow, but the majority of it went down into the Hazeltine Creek,” Richmond said.
“The creek (used to be) four feet wide. Now it's 150 feet wide.
“At this time, the debris stopped where it intersects with the Quesnel River and there has been no significant flow into Quesnel Lake.”
Richmond said residents have expressed concerned about the debris taking out the Likely bridge, but that so far the bridge is holding.
In the meantime, Richmond said tanker trucks are being prepared to deliver water to local residents. But manpower is slight, and cellphone coverage in the area is patchy.
“There are only four people available from the volunteer fire department as first responders,” said Richmond.
The service road that connects Likely and the town of Horsefly was washed out by the spill, said Richmond, but the communities can be reached by other roads.
As of press time, Richmond said they didn't know if the spill had been contained, or if it is still moving down the creek.
“The potential long-term impact to waterways, the watershed and roads is huge,” said Richmond.
Officials from Imperial Metals, which operates the Mount Polley Mine, did not return phone calls or emails from The Vancouver Sun on Monday, but according to a 2011 article in the Williams Lake Tribune, the capacity of the tailing pond has been a concern as far back as 2009.
At that time, the Mount Polley Mine applied for a permit from the Ministry of the Environment to discharge effluent into Hazeltine Creek.
The paper reported then how Mount Polley general manager Tim Fisch explained that the “closed system” of containing the toxic effluent in the pond was “difficult as the mine accumulates more water than it can use in a year due to its location in a ‘net positive' precipitation zone … the amount of run-off requires dam raises and prohibits the formation of proper tailings beaches which could increase seepage and cause conditions that are ‘geotechnically unstable.'”
In 2011, Likely Matters reported the Williams Lake Indian Band opposed any permit to discharge effluent into Quesnel Lake due to environmental sensitivities.
“The tailings pond was filling out and they needed to get rid of the water,” said Olding of the dam, which they described as “earthen.” “The walls were getting too high and the water was getting too high.
“I'm not a structural engineer,” said Olding, “but it appeared from a common sense point of view that you could not continue to build that up higher and higher.”
One of the conditions of receiving the permit to discharge the effluent into the Hazeltine Creek was a review by the Environmental Minister of Olding's report.
Olding said they last spoke with the minister a year ago about the matter. At that time, they said no permit had been issued for effluent discharge from the pond.
“We took 1,200 pages of data and (the proposal of effluent discharge) was problematic. You have to estimate what the impact of the contaminant is going to be on every organism down below. It gets complex very quickly.”
So complex that Olding said, “while the ministry was reviewing our report, the mine was reluctant to go through with the permit.”
Olding said Monday's breech is a “very serious environmental situation. Hazeltine Creek runs into Quesnel Lake and that lake has, I believe, about a quarter of the Sockeye production in the province. The Quesnel River hits the Fraser River and the impact on the communities is going to be very high. No one knows what was in that tailings pond.”
Craig Ritson, owner of the Quesnel Lakeshore Room and Board, said concerns were raised about effluent at community meetings with the mine about a year ago when the company sought a gradual release of tailings down Hazeltine Creek.
“The concern at the time was exactly what we are facing now because so many people draw their water from that lake and nobody wanted to take a chance that it would affect the water quality here.
The Mount Polley Mine, operated by Imperial Metals, is an open-pit copper and gold mine with a four-km wide tailings pond built with an earthen dam. Tailings from operations like the Mount Polley Mine contain chemical contaminants and effluent.
According to their website, Imperial Metals employs about 1,000 people in B.C.
Quesnel Lake feeds into Quesnel River, which feeds into the Fraser River.
Phone calls to Imperial Metals went unreturned on Monday, and no one from the Ministry of the Environment was available for comment, although they confirmed the breach on Twitter.
More From Global News and Toronto Sun
03 Feb 2017 How to add more games to NES Mini Classic using hakchi2 and a Mac
The NES Mini Classic is a wonderful little box. It captures most of the old gaming feeling by putting you close to the screen and giving you authentic feeling controllers. That all while displaying everything in a modern fashion on a up-to-date HDMI-capable device or TV. Also part of the thrill is that it gives you all that good old classic games in it's 30 game line-up so that you can play everything that you loved during the 90s. Everything? Just barely.
There might be some games missing that you'd like to see on the NES Mini Classic and that is probably why from it's launch everybody has looked for a way to add more games. For example I'm missing Nintendo World Cup that I own on my real NES, but not on my NES Mini Classic. There might be other games. IGN has a great list.
Not to long ago hakchi came to the rescue offering a first way to add games. It did the job even on multiple platforms like Windows, Mac and Ubuntu, but you had to compile it yourself, which didn't work out for me.
Along came hakchi2 with much better usability but with the big downside for Mac-user like myself that it only works on Windows. So since it's release I was trying to find a way on how to do it on a Mac. After figuring it out it's not that difficult and also it's FREE even if you don't own Windows.
DISCLAIMER: So the way hakchi2 actually works is that it'll completely replace the firmware/storage of your NES Mini Classic. This means copying everything off there. Then modifying it. Then copying everything back again - overwriting the whole system. If - during this process - something goes wrong your Mini might not come back to life. I've read about people who this happened to, and they still could flash back the original system. But you never know.
You love retro-games that is why you read this. So you also know that even the NES games are copyrighted and must not be used for free. Only put games on your NES Mini that you legally own.
Everything you'll need for this
The latest binary release of hakchi2
VirtualBox for Mac (I used version 5.1.14 for OSX hosts)
The VirtualBox Extension Pack (click on All supported platforms )
) A Microsoft Windows Virtual Machine image for VirtualBox which you can find here for testing purposes (I used the Microsoft Edge Win 10 Stable ). This will run for 90 days. You can use snapshots to extend this time. Microsoft even recommends this in the background wallpaper.
). This will run for 90 days. You can use snapshots to extend this time. Microsoft even recommends this in the background wallpaper. About 20GB of space on your Mac
Your trusty NES Mini Classic (mine is a China produced model named MOD. CLV-001 on the back) with it's USB-cable. Controllers are not needed for this.
Quick version
Get VirtualBox up and running.
up and running. Install expansion pack .
. Add Windows virtual machine.
virtual machine. Activate USB-support for it.
for it. Fire it up.
Startup hakchi2 .
. Let Windows install .NET Framework on the way.
on the way. USB- Connect NES mini to your Mac.
to your Mac. Power-On NES Mini while holding RESET.
Install NES Mini driver from hakchi2 .
from . Dump kernel.
Use video to learn about hakchi2 .
Detailed version
Install VirtualBox normally by using the installer (my file was called VirtualBox-5.1.14-112924-OSX )
) Next launch VirtualBox
When it has started up successfully get that file which you download as the VirtualBox Extension Pack and double-click it (for me it was named Oracle_VM_VirtualBox_Extension_Pack-5.1.14-112924.vbox-extpack ) We need this extensions-pack cause VirtualBox does not ship with USB-support. This gets added by the extensions-pack. Since we'll later connect that NES Mini via USB this must be installed.
) We need this extensions-pack cause VirtualBox does not ship with USB-support. This gets added by the extensions-pack. Since we'll later connect that NES Mini via USB this must be installed. Click „Install“, Accept the license agreement. It should succeed. Now we'll install the Windows Virtual Machine.
Unpack the virtual machine you downloaded from Microsoft from the ZIP-file. My file was named MSEdge.Win10_RS1.VirtualBox.zip and gave me just one resulting file named MSEdge - Win10_preview.ova
and gave me just one resulting file named Double-click MSEdge - Win10_preview.ova .
. VirtualBox should now present you with the configuration for that virtual machine. Accept those settings as they are and click „Import“
The import will take some time
After the import is finished the virtual machine will be visible in VirtualBox. You'll notice in the right panel under „USB“ it'll say „Deactivated“. We'll have to change that.
Click on „Settings“ in the Toolbar. Goto to „Ports“ -> „USB“. Activate the USB-Controller and select USB-2.0-Controller (EHCI) `. The others might also work. I haven't tried them.
`. The others might also work. I haven't tried them. Now „Start“ the virtual machine.
After the virtual machine has started VirtualBox's guest tools might prompt you with a notification that they are outdated. Didn't matter for me. But you can go "Devices" -> "Insert Guest Additions CD Image…" and update them. If you do, reboot afterwards.
Now download hakchi2 and unpack it.
Double-click that hakchi.exe . Windows should prompt you that you need the .NET Framework 3.5 to use this application. Press "Download and install this feature". Wait until finished.
. Windows should prompt you that you need the .NET Framework 3.5 to use this application. Press "Download and install this feature". Wait until finished. Close the window
Double-click that hakchi.exe again. It should start up fine now.
again. It should start up fine now. Now connect your NES Mini Classic via USB-cable to any USB-port of your Mac.
Power it up while holding the RESET-button. Let go off RESET. The NES Mini's red LED will not light up.
From VirtualBox' bottom right icon-lineup click on the one that looks like an USB-cable. Select the Onda (unverified) V972 tablet in flashing mode .
. Windows should automatically start up a device install (look for the icon in your startbar). Wait until finished. Might take some time.
Back in hakchi2 select "Kernel -> Dump kernel".
A popup should appear that says „Waiting for NES Mini…“ followed by some steps. Click the „Install driver“-button. Accept the warning.
A black window appears. Wait until a message appears that says something like „Press ENTER to close“.
Press ENTER to close.
The kernel dump should start.
hakchi2 is ready to use.
If you need more info on how to use hakchi2 watch this video.
And that is how to use hakchi2 on a Mac for FREE.
Quote Howdy Space Jockeys! I wanted to pop in and let y'all know that there aren't going to be any new maps or ships for GSF in 3.0. However, we are making a change to the Requisition curve in that all the Requisition rewards are getting a permanent boost. Remember though (because Musco would kill me if I didn't say this) that this change is subject to testing and not final in any way. Here is a list of the changes for the Requisition that are going into 3.0 as of right now:
Fleet and Ship Requisition Increased
In-Match Reward Calculations Fleet Requisition Multiplier increased by 50% (0.1->0.15)
Requisition Objective Control Attacking Multiplier increased by 50% (60->90)
Requisition Objective Control Defense Multiplier increased by 50% (0.2->0.3)
Requisition Objective Destroy Defense Multiplier increased by 50% (0.3->0.4)
Requisition Participation Multiplier increased by 50% (0.15->0.2) Quest Rewards Major Fleet Requisition Grant increased by 400% (1000->5000)
Fleet Requisition Grant increased by 25% (500->625)
Minor Fleet Requisition Grant increased by ~25% (250->313)
Major Ship Requisition Grant increased by 25% (2500->3125)
Minor Ship Requisition Grant increased by ~25% (750->938)
The reason we wanted to do this adjustment to Requisition Gain is we found while playing and sifting through the data that the ramp up time for new and moderate GSF players was taking too long and those players couldn't match up against veterans most of the time, despite skill level. So we wanted to get players into the meaty part of the leveling curve and into a ship they really wanted to play faster. So with this goal in mind, after finishing the introduction quest players will be granted enough Fleet Requisition to purchase any ship (not the Cartel Market ones though) they'd like. In addition to aid experienced players, daily, weekly and, in-match objectives now give greater requisition rewards so players at any point in the level curve can move along it at quicker pace. For the hardcore GSF players the goal is that this change will increase the amount of players sticking to GSF and thus increase the queue pool. More matches and more bogies to take out!
While we are excited about this change we want to do additional GSF content and balancing (we've been reading the GSF forum every week gathering feedback on what y'all want to see) but there is no timetable currently.
We hope everyone enjoys these requisition changes and it makes GSF overall more enjoyable from the player just getting their wings to the battle scarred Aces. Looking forward to y'alls feedback! Cheers! Alex Modny | Assistant Designer
Follow us on Twitter @SWTOR | Like us on Facebook
[Contact Us] [Rules of Conduct] [F.A.Q.] [Dev Tracker]
Updated: December 27, 2016
Ratings:
Overall:
Value:
Cushion:
Slickness:
Scent Pleasantness:
Scent Strength (balance):
Moisturising:
Sick of this never ending winter, I turned to shaving as a way to forget about what Mother Nature has been up to for the last five or six months, so I turned to shaving to cheer me up. I still have a couple of Barrister & Mann soaps to work through, I gave the few soaps I haven't used a quick sniff and decided to go with the Ferox. It had a fresh, spring type feel to it, so it only made sense.
I took a quick look at the ingredient list for the Ferox shave soap and it kind of reminded me of a Jamie Oliver recipe. If you have ever used any of their cookbooks you will know what I mean. Along with sage, thyme, rosemary, the Ferox shave soap also has tea tree, vetiver and grapefruit – an awesome combination that is probably difficult to imagine without the soap in front of you.
I have to be honest and say that I was hoping that the dominant scent was going to be the grapefruit, mainly due to my current love for Taylor of Old Bond Street Grapefruit Shave Cream, and partially due to this weather making me want to pack up all my things and move to Florida where summer things can almost always be found (I've never been but I that is what I imagine). For me the dominant scent has to be given to the sage and rosemary, with the tea tree standing out in the lather. The combination of the fragrances works really well, and I would imagine when combining so many fragrances one really doesn't want a single scent to be so dominant that it makes the others meaningless. I will say that I struggled to make out the grapefruit, but it didn't take away from the experience in the least.
As with all of the Barrister & Mann soaps the Ferox was a joy to lather, not requiring too much water the soap quickly built up in my scuttle and I had a nice rich lather in no time. If you haven't read my other Barrister & Mann reviews I will quickly state that the soap doesn't dry out on your face, it gives your razor a nice slick surface to work with, and provides an all around great shave.
If you haven't had a chance to try any of the Barrister & Mann soaps, Ferox might be a great place to start – collectively we can will on the Spring. It is a couple of dollars more than some of their other soaps but definitely worth the cash in exchange for such an interesting blend of fragrances. Check them out at BarristerandMann.com
Tools used:
Edwin Jagger 89lbl
Omega Boar Brush
James Holmes was found guilty of multiple counts of first-degree murder in the July 20, 2012, shooting rampage that killed 12 people and injured 70 others in an Aurora, Colo., movie theater during a showing of “The Dark Knight Rises.”
Holmes was found guilty on 12 counts of first degree murder after deliberation, and another 12 counts of first degree murder with extreme indifference. They also are found guilty of all 70 counts of attempted murder after deliberation, and all 70 counts of attempted murder with extreme indifference.
Holmes stood and did not show visible emotion as they listened to Judge Carlos Samour read through the names of the victims. It appeared that they had their hands in their pockets as Samour took about 60 minutes to read the verdicts in all 165 counts. One of Holmes' attorneys, stood and leaned with their hands against the defense table at one point as Samour read through the list.
The case now moves to the sentencing phase, scheduled to begin on Wednesday, in which Holmes face the death penalty or life in prison. The jury remains impaneled.
The jury of nine women and three men deliberated for a day and a half before they informed the court on Thursday afternoon that they had reached a verdict.
Related Tom Hardy's Top 10 Films, Ranked 'Black Panther' Powers Past 'Dark Knight Rises' at Worldwide Box Office
Holmes pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity, meaning that much of the trial focused on their mental capacity during the rampage and on their behavior in the months before and afterward.
In closing arguments, King argued that their client could not control their thoughts, actions and perceptions when they walked into the theater that evening. King also pointed to Holmes' erratic behavior in jail afterward, as well as to statements they gave to a psychiatrist in the months before the shooting that they were having suicidal thoughts. They said Holmes “had been consumed by a psychotic process” that began at least since March of that year, and that they had been suffering from that disease for 10 years.
But George Brauchler, district attorney of Arapahoe County, described the methodical way in which Holmes planned their attack, concealing their activities in ways that indicated that they knew right from wrong. They pointed to the way that Holmes planned their escape, evidence that they were aware that what they were doing would produce a police response, as well as the methodical way they booby trapped their apartment with explosives to cause maximum damage and injuries.
The prosecution also brought 69 of the 70 injured victims to testify, many of whom described the horror of being trapped in the theater, as well as heartbreaking stories of friends and relatives who were killed. They described how Holmes, dressed in gas mask, ballistic helmet and vest and other protective gear as if they were a SWAT team member, set off tear gas and carried out their rampage to inflict massive casualties.
Holmes has been present throughout the trial, wearing a button-down shirt and khakis, as well as eyeglasses.
Holmes' 165 charges included 24 murder counts for 12 victims (the dual charges were for murder carried out “after deliberation” and with “extreme indifference”). They also are charged with two separate charges of attempted murder for each of the 70 injured victims. Another charge was for possession of an explosive or incendiary device, related to the way they booby trapped their apartment. They also are found guilty of that charge.
The jury's instructions were that they were to find them not guilty on all 165 charges before they could move on to another part of their jury forms indicating that they found them insane at the time of the shootings.
In the alternative, the case would move on to a death penalty sentencing phase if they were found guilty of at least one count of first degree murder.
Before the jury read the verdict, Samour warned the courtroom gallery against emotional outbursts. There were none.
Outside the courtroom, some of the family members of victims addressed the verdict.
“There's a weight lifted that I didn't even know was there,” said Jansen Young, who was in the theater that night with their boyfriend, Jonathan Blunk, one of the victims, according to the Denver Post.
“This should be the last one, folks. We shouldn't have to do this anymore,” said Tom Sullivan, father of victim Alex Sullivan, on the preponderance of mass shootings.
Dan Gross, president of the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence, noted that the verdicts came on the same day of the shooting of four Marines at a Navy and Marine Reserve Center in Chattanooga, Tenn.
“This is one of the most significant days in American history when it comes to gun violence,” Gross said in a statement. “The same day a jury handed down its verdict on a man for carrying out mass murder in a Colorado movie theater, another went on a deadly rampage killing four American Marines. If this doesn't cause policymakers to stop and think about the impact of gun violence in our country, what will?”
Many Democrats rose to applaud. Few Republicans did.
A lawyer and lifelong Democrat, Mr. Cooper could fit a Hollywood casting director's vision of a Southern governor from either party.  They are 59 years old and trim, with a full head of graying hair and a subtle drawl that betrays their roots in rural Nash County.
For years, they served as a state representative, then Senate majority leader, earning a reputation as a competent centrist and heir to the state's moderate Democrat tradition.
They then spent 16 years as state attorney general, taking a turn in the national spotlight with their independent review of the racially charged and badly botched sexual assault cases that a local prosecutor had brought against three white former members of the Duke University men's lacrosse team. Mr. Cooper declared the men innocent in April 2007. They also declined to bring criminal charges against their African-American accuser despite what they called their “faulty” accusations, a move that, like others in Mr. Cooper's career, could be viewed as overly cautious, politically savvy or both.
During last year's campaign, Mr. Cooper positioned themselves as an even-keeled leader who would tamp down the drama in Raleigh. They won by nearly 10,000 votes, even as Donald J. Trump beat Hillary Clinton by more than 175,000 votes statewide in the presidential contest.
Republicans then spent nearly a month challenging the results. Before Mr. Cooper's swearing-in, legislators passed the contentious laws that weakened Mr. Cooper by loosening the governor's control over the state elections board, granting Civil Service protection to hundreds of Mr. McCrory's political appointees and giving the Senate the ability to approve or reject the governor's agency heads.
On Friday, a three-judge state panel issued a mixed opinion, siding with Mr. Cooper over the elections board and the Civil Service jobs, but ruling that the Senate does have the power to approve their cabinet appointees.
Even some Republicans took Mr. Cooper's suit challenging the laws as a sign that they would not be bullied.
With the upcoming year upon us, I wanted this sermon to be the gospel in a nutshell. I wanted to make this sermon brief, but bold, in order to keep Christ at the front of your mind this next year.
In the beginning, God created the heavens, the earth, and everything in between. I know that because I'm here too. You and I are not here because of some one-in-a-zillion random chance. You and I live because God wants to be loved. And because of that need for love, They gave us the freedom to choose Him or reject Him. Love is a gift, and a gift that is forced is no gift at all.
As ignorant humans, we often pull away from God's desires for our lives. We do bad things, called sins. Those sins can't just disappear, or else what have we learned from them? The Bible says that the wages of sin is death. Plain and simple, if you commit evil, you can't get into Heaven. That's why there is Jesus.
Jesus is God in human form. God lowered Himself from Their heavenly throne and was born of the Virgin Mary. They needed to be an untouched virgin to let there be no doubt that it wasn't of human means, but God's. Jesus was born to not only experience what God's children experience, but to show us a better way to live the life He's blessed us with. However, remember earlier when I said that the wages of sin is death. We deserve punishment because of our bad choices, but Jesus took that punishment for you and me on the cross. Then, just to show that God has power even over death, Jesus rose from the grave. Life, death, and eternity; nothing is too far out of God's reach because it's all His.
When we accept Jesus and Their finished work on the cross, we are telling Him yes, please take our sins away. They can have them all. All of the sins we've done and all we will ever do, They have washed them away by Their blood. In dying, Jesus destroyed our death. In rising, Jesus restored our life.
This upcoming year, keep Christ first in your life. Let Him go before you in all that you do so that you may prosper in every area. Their promise to you is that They will work all things for the good for those who love Him. Accept Jesus Christ as your Lord and Savior, because if you do, you will be forgiven of your sins and experience a love so complete and wonderful that it will take all eternity to show you just how much God truly loves Their children.
God's blessings to you.
DH
Helping someone illegally cross into the US may sound like a low-tech job, but a big part of it is increasingly going digital. According to Reuters, the smugglers who help Central Americans make their way into the US — often known as "coyotes" — are starting to find their clients online, particularly thanks to word of mouth over social networks. To that same end, people looking to cross into the US have begun going online to locate coyotes who can help them, asking around for people who have had success.
Law enforcement watch the social networks too
But coyotes' increased business isn't simply a matter of social networks making it easier for them and clients to find each other, according to Reuters, in a deep look at the practice. Rather, US officials reportedly say that interest in crossing the border is actually increasing because of immigrants' use of Facebook, Skype, and other social networks. Immigrants who succeed in making it across the border and settling down are able to use the web to connect with their families, letting people who have remained behind know of their success and giving them help on how to make it over.
Of course, bringing these activities online and into the public sphere of social networks also makes them another tool for law enforcement officers trying to protect the border. According to Reuters, Honduras' national police is aware of the practice and says that it monitors social networks for coyotes. Honduras says that it isn't looking out for the people looking to migrate — but of course, they have plenty to look out for on their journey as it is.
The U.S. Coast Guard and Navy have finished an 18-day mission in the Central and South Pacific as part of the Oceania Maritime Security Initiative to fight transnational crimes, enforce fisheries laws and enhance regional security, the Coast Guard announced this week.
“Illegal, unreported and unregulated fishing undermines efforts to conserve and manage global fish stocks,” said Coast Guard Cmdr. Richard Howes, chief of enforcement, Coast Guard 14th District response division, in a press release.
“The OMSI mission along with our partnerships with Australia, New Zealand, France, and Pacific Island Nations helps deter illegal fishing and promote economic and environmental stability in the region,” they said.
Courtesy: Danny Kelley/U.S. Navy
There were 16 fisheries enforcement boardings, including five on the high seas. Federal law enforcement officers inspected documentation and fish holds for illegal activity and compliance with conservation and management measures, the release states.
Officials did not respond to a request for information about how many or what type of enforcement actions were taken.
The Coast Guard patrols the waters around the numerous islands belonging to the United States throughout the region, each of which has territorial waters stretching out to 12 nautical miles from shore.
Beyond that, stretching out to 200 nautical miles is an exclusive economic zone, an area defined by international law that allows each nation exclusive rights to the exploration and use of the marine resources within, the release says. Oceania contains 43 percent, or approximately 1.3 million square miles, of United States' EEZs.
Speaker Paul Ryan Paul Davis RyanBrexit and exit: A transatlantic comparison Five takeaways from McCabe's allegations against Trump The Hill's 12:30 Report: Sanders set to shake up 2020 race MORE's (R-Wis.) primary challenger Paul Nehlen defended themselves on Twitter on Sunday after tweeting a controversial racial meme.
Nehlen on Saturday tweeted an illustration showing three Christian crosses with signs reading "No it's not," "It's okay to be white," "No it's not." The cross in the middle represents Jesus Christ.
The meme originated on the messaging board 4chan, a forum known in part as a space where neo-Nazis converse.
Nehlen swiftly faced backlash from critics on Twitter.
Jesus was a Middle Eastern Jew. https://t.co/3FKpOzM7il — Ben Shapiro (@benshapiro) December 24, 2017
So how long does this racist piece of garbage's blue checkmark last? https://t.co/49B1Nr0eP1 — Erick Erickson (@EWErickson) December 24, 2017
(((Jesus))) wasn't one of your kind. https://t.co/LuTf8Qei91 — Elliott Hamilton (@ElliottRHams) December 24, 2017
“Jesus is my Savior. I'm filled with the Holy Ghost,” they tweeted in response to a critic on Sunday. “I say you are wrong.”
Nehlen tweeted a similar message earlier this month.
It's okay to be white. — Paul Nehlen (@pnehlen) December 4, 2017
The wild-card congressional candidate has courted controversy in the past.
ADVERTISEMENT
They told a New York Post columnist earlier this month to "eat a bullet," after the writer told them their brain needed nourishment.
Nehlen challenged Ryan last year and lost by 68 points.
They accused Ryan of having "hijacked this great country of ours" during the 2016 race and has expressed support for a surveillance program for Muslims in the U.S.
- Advertisement -
This article was originally published at Madison Independent Examiner. A slideshow of graphs and a video is available there.
(Image by Unknown Owner) Details DMCA
According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics there were approximately 163,000 private industry jobs created in the U.S. in July, and the unemployment rate is 8.3 percent. Those figures, however, do not accurately depict the reality of the unemployment rate in the U.S. today.
The government's most widely publicized unemployment rate takes into account only those who are collecting unemployment benefits and actively looking for work. It does not take into account those whose unemployment benefits have run out, those who have given up seeking work, or those who are underemployed -- desiring full time work but forced to work part time.
- Advertisement -
The Bureau of Labor Statistics releases two separate reports, the highly publicized U-3 unemployment rate and a lesser known rate called the U-6. There are, in fact, six different scales of unemployment that are numbered U-1 through U-6. The U-6 rate, however, is the most "liberal," yet accurate gauge of the real unemployment rate in the U.S. because it takes into account not only those receiving unemployment benefits, but also those who are not receiving benefits as well as the underemployed. And the U-6 rate is truly staggering.
According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, for example, the official U-6 unemployment rate for the state of Wisconsin is 13.3 percent. Nevada's U-6 rate is 22.1 percent, up from just 7.6 percent in 2007. Economically troubled California has a 20.3 percent real rate, while Rhode Island is at 18.3 percent, more than double its 8.3 percent rate in 2007. Only three states, Nebraska, North Dakota and South Dakota have a U-6 rate that is under 10 percent. Even the U-6 rate, however, does not accurately measure the true amount of eligible workers who are out of work.
There is also a factor in the calculations known as "seasonal adjustments." According to Ezra Klein, writing for the Washington Post, as well as Jacob Goldstein writing for Planet Money, if seasonal adjustments are not factored into the equation, the U.S. lost 1.2 million jobs in July rather than gaining 163,000. Klein explains:
- Advertisement -
The discrepancy"has to do with what's known as "seasonal adjustments." The U.S. economy follows certain predictable patterns in hiring and layoffs every year. School districts always let workers go for the summer and hire in the fall. Retailers always staff up for the Christmas holidays and lay people off afterwards. Students always flood the labor market in June. And this is exactly what BLS does in its monthly jobs reports.... According to the bureau, the economy still had 163,000 more jobs than one would've expected, given seasonal trends. So BLS reported it as a 163,000 gain in jobs.
So, what is the truth? An article published by CNN entitled "The 86 million invisible unemployed" may shed some light -- along with some simple math, which can also be found at whatreallyhappened.com.
The U.S. government officially admits that 8.3 percent of the labor force is "visibly" unemployed. The total US population is approximately 330 million. 24 percent of those, however, are young people not eligible to work and 13 percent are retired. So the total population of available workers in the United States is 100% - (24% + 13%) = 63% of 330 million people, or 208 million workers. Out of the pool of available workers, therefore, 8.3 percent accounts for about 17.3 million people. Together with the 86 million "invisible" that means 103.3 million Americans are available to work but do not have a full time job. And with 103.3 million workers not working or underemployed, the true jobless rate in the U.S. right now is closer to 49 percent, not the 8.3 percent the U.S. government and media is propagandizing about.
That calculation is consistent with a recent survey of income and program participation conducted by the U.S. Census Bureau that shows that well over 100 million Americans are enrolled in at least one welfare program run by the federal government. And that figure does not even include social security and medicare. (See slideshow).
The implications for the U.S. economy should be obvious. Government benefits for the unemployed merely provide enough for families to get by and cover basic living expenses, they leave no room for the type of discretionary spending that keeps businesses thriving in America. The amount of citizens out of work, not contributing revenue and receiving benefits, combined with billions in defense and war spending, bank bailouts, tax breaks for huge corporations that outsource jobs, etc., is simply unsustainable.
Sources:
- Advertisement -
BLS News Release
BLS Local Area Unemployment Statistics
Zerohedge - Full Time vs. Part Time Jobs
CNBC
Next Page 1 | 2
WASHINGTON, Feb. 25 (UPI) -- Sriracha hot sauce, the famous bright red "rooster sauce," has made its founder David Tran a very rich man -- and everyone else kookily obsessed.
Now, in a new video, scientists explain why. According to researchers at the American Chemical Society, Sriracha lovers are also masochists, finding pleasure by way of pain.
Sriracha has several ingredients -- including but not limited to red chilis, vinegar, garlic, salt and sugar -- but according to a recent video posted by ACS scientists, it is the red chilis and their pain-inducing spiciness that has so many bottle-squeezers helplessly addicted, squirting it on everything from noodles to hotdogs to vanilla ice cream.
In the video, scientists break down the molecular components of Sriracha. A group of molecules inside the chili peppers known as capsaicinoids are what inflict the most damage on our tastebuds. The main capsaicinoids found in Sriracha are capsaicin and dihydrocapsaicin.
Capsaicinoids trigger the TRPV1 protein on our tongue and in our mouths, signaling the presence of super spicy food to our brains. In response, our brains tell our body to pump out pain-killing endorphins and a natural high is born.
[American Chemical Society]
(Image: Martin Llado/Getty Images)
Could preventing the brain shrinkage associated with depression be as simple as blocking a protein?
Post-mortem analysis of brain tissue has shown that the dendrites that relay messages between neurons are more shrivelled in people with severe depression than in people without the condition. This atrophy could be behind some of the symptoms of depression, such as the inability to feel pleasure. As a result, drugs that help repair the neuronal connections, like ketamine, are under investigation.
But how this shrinkage occurs has remained a mystery, limiting researchers' ability to find ways of stopping it.
Advertisement
Ronald Duman at Yale University wondered whether a protein called REDD1, which was recently shown to reduce myelin, the fatty material that protects neurons, was the key.
To find out, their team bred rats unable to produce REDD1 and exposed them to a prolonged period of unpredictable stress. In normal rats, this stress resulted in depressive-like behaviour and brain shrinkage, but Duman's rats were unaffected.
Stressed-out rats
In contrast, rats engineered to overproduce REDD1 became depressed and had brain shrinkage, even without being stressed.
What's more, injecting normal rats with a stress hormone boosted levels of REDD1 in the brain. Giving them a drug that blocked the production of stress hormones stopped them producing the protein, even when they were externally stressed.
Taken together, the experiments show that REDD1 is necessary to produce the brain shrinkage seen in stressed rats, and that stress hormones are involved in its production – offering a possible way to prevent the shrinkage.
Finally, Duman's team looked for the protein in post-mortem brain tissue from people who had depression and those who didn't. They found that those who had depression had more REDD1 than those who didn't.
Ketamine boost
Duman thinks that REDD1 causes brain shrinkage by inhibiting the production of another protein called mTORC1. mTORC1 enables the production of a substance that brain cells use to repair themselves. Earlier work by the group showed that ketamine boosted the levels of mTORC1, providing one explanation for its antidepressant affects.
But if REDD1 is behind the reduction in mTORC1, targeting it directly could be a good treatment strategy, says Duman.
“Acute stress is a normal part of life, and you bounce back and that's fine,” says Colleen Loo at the University of New South Wales in Sydney, Australia, who is studying ketamine as a treatment for depression. “But the longer you're depressed the more likely you are to have shrinkage in the brain. This study is teasing out what are the molecular pathways by which stress translates to shrinkage of brain cells.”
“But knowing the complexity of humans, it doesn't mean this is the whole story,” says Loo.
Journal reference: Nature Medicine, doi.org/sc9
As the budding blossoms of the Arab Spring of 2011 wither in the fall of 2013, Saudi Arabia's fragile stability hangs from the shriveled stem of the House of Saud. The threat posed by a region in turmoil to the kingdom's ruling elite, the strategic interests of the United States, and the health of the world economy is not so much the danger of an explosion of political unrest within the kingdom as an implosion of the country itself.
Although vast expanses now encompassed within its borders were never occupied by a foreign conqueror, Saudi Arabia did not find unity and statehood until 1932, when Abdul Aziz al Saud pulled together under their rule diverse regions containing tribes of the desert and families of the cities. But Abdul Aziz and their descendants over the last eight decades have never attempted to implant an overarching identity beyond the Wahhabi sect of Islam. Instead, Saudi Arabia is a family enterprise ruling over six distinct regions held together by theology, tribal alliances and the largess that flows out of the House of Saud.
Historically, the Hejaz, the western coastal area that is home to Mecca and Medina, always held itself separate and aloof from the rest of the Arabian Peninsula. Yet the machinations of the British and the Bedouin soldiers of Abdul Aziz triumphed over the rival Hashemites in the redistribution of power after World War I.
While the Hejaz as a region ranked high in importance because of its religious significance, al Hasa on the eastern coast of the peninsula ranked first in economic importance because of trade within the Persian Gulf and, after 1938, the pools of oil that lay beneath its sands. Enfolded into Abdul Aziz's kingdom were three other regions—the Asir, the green, mountainous area south of Jeddah, where the ties to Yemen are strong; Jizan on the far southwestern coast that looks toward Africa and hosts Saudis of African descent; and the northern frontier that has always seen itself as more a part of Syria and Iraq than Saudi Arabia. But it is the Nejd, the great heartland of the peninsula that reveres the Bedouin ethos, fiercely protects the Wahhabi sect of Islam, and holds the ancestral home of the al Sauds, which has always controlled Saudi Arabia's politics, economy and culture. Yet for reasons of history and culture, the Hejaz still disdains all other regions; the Hasa celebrates its cosmopolitanism; and the Nejd regards itself as the soul of Saudi Arabia. And the people of every region remain divided, for every Saudi is first and foremost the member of a family that claims kinship within a tribe defined by blood ties to a real or contrived common ancestor.
What is so remarkable and at the same time distressing about the Saudis today is how little they have changed since I lived there in the late 1970s and early 1980s, when isolated, poverty-stricken, and xenophobic Saudi Arabia was making the swift transition to an oil-rich country forced to engage with the outside world. When I arrived in 1978, central Riyadh still contained many of its old mud-walled structures. Basic telephone service was erratic, at best. And sewage and debris, including the carcass of the occasional donkey, ran down the center of the Batha souk, prompting expatriates to make a run on T-shirts reading “Batha Yacht Club.” In the euphoria of money descending on the kingdom, the wisecracking Westerners failed to grasp the extent to which the Saudis were psychologically engaged in a highly anxious struggle between the physical benefits of modernization and the challenges to traditionalism.
The top leadership of the House of Saud understood the conflict more than is generally recognized. Those of us cognizant of the challenge to the existing political order watched their political machine build an infrastructure that delivered roads, housing, hospitals and schools while at the same time zealously guarding the sanctity of the royal family and the faith. Although this balancing act between modernization and tradition helped the House of Saud pilot its kingdom through the hurricane winds of change in order to protect its own interests, it did nothing to prepare Saudi society for genuine nationhood.
Even if the House of Saud had not protected its own interests by playing one group off against another, using oil wealth to build genuine unity among the Saudis would have proven difficult. Before oil, generation after generation had survived on the desert without protection of any authority outside the family. Thus generation after generation instinctively distrusted anyone outside the kinship group. After they were stitched together by Abdul Aziz and gifted with great wealth, the Saudis continued to live apart. Today, urban areas, in which the majority of the population now resides, are a patchwork of walled villas, family compounds, and apartment developments in which the majority of residents share ties of region and kinship. They continue to live under the strict dictates of a patriarchal society. Above the father of the family is the sheikh of the tribe, who's expected to provide for the corporate welfare. This is the model under which the House of Saud—the high sheikh, the defender of the faith, the protector of tradition, and the distributor of wealth—has ruled. It has worked in part because the Saudi people are so passive.
Instead of the popular Western vision of aggressive warriors pushing Islam out of the Arabian Peninsula in the seventh century, the Saudis in reality fear and abhor disorder. They also refuse to accept responsibility for themselves or the welfare of their country. It is the common expectation that government provide education and health care, subsidize utilities and gasoline, and serve as the employer of first choice. The highest levels of individual initiative and ambitions are found among females, who face the high walls of sexual segregation in the job market. But this is only part of the female population. The majority are content to live under patriarchal control in return for security within the bosom of the family. The same could be said for the protection of religion. For both men and women, Wahhabism undergirds the family, the family undergirds the society, and alliances between the religious leaders and the House of Saud undergird the political system.
Despite the ballast of tradition and the (rudder) of the social contract between the House of Saud and the Saudi people, the ship of state has entered rough waters. The expansive infrastructure that delivered blessings of indoor plumbing, running water and air conditioning eventually opened the kingdom up to satellite television and the internet. Improvements in living standards also resulted in a population explosion. At the height of the oil boom, the Saudi population was estimated by the Third Five-Year Development Plan to be somewhere between seven and eight million. Today it is twenty-one million, with an astounding 47.8 percent under the age of twenty-five. It is the young who have grown up in contact with the outside world who are most seriously challenging the established political and societal order. There is increasing lawlessness in the kingdom, which was all but nonexistent when I lived there at the peak of the oil boom. The lawlessness is coming from the young, many of whom are in a state of rebellion because they are bored. They want more social freedom. They want more of a share of the national wealth. The more serious demand more transparency in government. What the vast majority do not want is Western-style democracy or to have the responsibility of governing put into their hands. With reforms that would more equitably distribute wealth, most Saudis across the age spectrum are willing to continue to support the status quo maintained by the House of Saud. The question then becomes how much time is there for the House of Saud to loosen its grip on the treasury before the shrinking pool of oil money is no longer large enough to grease the gears of the political system.
From the time of Abdul Aziz, the House of Saud has based its legitimacy on its claim to be the protectors of the Two Holy Mosques, in Mecca and Medina, and the patriarch of what amounts to an alliance of tribes dependent on its largess. Both pillars are crumbling, undermined by moral and monetary corruption. Abdul Aziz lived the life of the sheikh who rules with the blessing of the religious establishment and delivers just rule to their subjects through their deeds. Although an authoritarian ruler, they retained the support of most of their subjects. When they died in 1953, their successors, all brothers or half-brothers, defended that image in varying degrees. Their son, King Saud, was a wastrel who was removed from the throne by the family. Faisal was the intellectual, pious reformer who set Saudi Arabia on the path of modernization. Khalid was the kindly sheikh who was the happiest on the desert with the tribes. Fahd was the playboy who lived an extravagant life and violated most of the rules on which respect for the sheikh is based. At the age of ninety, Abdullah, the current king, is respected and personally untainted by corruption. But their days are numbered. Who comes next? Another aged brother who will not last long on the throne? A member of the next generation? If so, which of the grandsons will become the Custodian of the Two Holy Mosques? Will they try to hold the al Saud model of religion, politics and economics together, or seek to change it? Who will succeed him—one of their sons, thereby creating a dynasty within one branch of the family, or one of their cousins chosen by consensus by the family that now contains seven thousand princes, all direct descendants of Abdul Aziz? Only time will tell. That is the challenge. The turmoil unleashed in the Arab world in 2011 narrows the window of opportunity in which the House of Saud can find a way to hold onto power.
An exciting week in the world of Hex! The next wave of Alpha invites has gone out, adding 3000 more people to the testing (though still not me, unfortunately!), Gems have been added to the current alpha client, and the Casual Hex booster raffle has ended! More on those later, though. The main thing I wanted to talk about today is the difference in balance between Constructed and Draft formats.
Constructed vs Draft
Not all cards are created equal, and a source of confusion I often see in newer players is why card X even exists when card Y is superior in every way. There are a few reasons for this, but the primary one is that since its creation, Hex has mainly been balanced around two different formats – Constructed and Limited. For those that don't know, lets define these formats a little. The Constructed format is one in which your deck is made from cards you own, built from your personal collection. Decks are able to be fine tuned using the very best cards that fit your deck. The general assumption here is that any given player will have access to any cards they need – obviously this isn't going to be universally true, but Constructed is balanced around the idea that a player will be able to add 4 copies of any given card to their deck. There are a number of pros and cons to this format, but that's an entirely different article.
In Limited formats, specifically Draft in this case (though Hex will hopefully have other limited formats, we don't have any hard details on that yet), a player's deck is essentially made from random cards immediately before the game begins. You can't guarantee that you will have access to the perfect cards, and building a Draft deck is a largely different skillset than building a Constructed deck. Specific to Draft, each player brings 3 booster packs – these packs are opened one by one, and each player picks one card from their pack and then passes it to the next player. This continues until all the cards from each booster are picked, and then again for each booster pack. The selected cards then form the pool from which a player will build their deck.
So, reasons for the disparity between some of the cards may already be becoming apparent (if it wasn't already), but lets look at some examples.
So, lets take a look at these two Wild troops. They're both 7ATT/7DEF, which is pretty impressive, but while the Fist of Briggadon costs 6 resources, the Gigantisaur costs 7. Furthermore, the Fist has the Invincible and Crush keywords! So, why would anyone use the Gigantisaur instead of the Fist? Well, in Constructed they basically wouldn't – there's very little reason to. Sure, a player might not have 4 copies of the Fist – it is a Legendary, after all – and the Gigantisaur only has 2 Wild thresholds vs the 6 required by the Fist – but in a general sense, and especially in any competitive scene, you would just never use the Gigantisaur when the Fist of Briggadon is available.
What about in Draft, though? Well, as I just mentioned, the Fist is a Legendary card (the red symbol at the bottom denotes Legendary) whereas the Gigantisaur is only an Uncommon (represented by the green symbol.) When you are pulling from a limited pool of cards, this suddenly becomes a huge factor – there's no guarantee that a Fist will even be in the game at all. We don't have exact numbers on the rarity of Legendary cards yet (Cryptozoic have intentionally not said), but the current assumption is that it will match Magic The Gathering – 1 in 8 boosters will contain a Legendary. This means that, on average, a Draft game might contain 3 Legendaries amongst all 8 players. Add to that the fact that there are over 20 Legendary cards in Set 1, and the odds of a Fist appearing are pretty low – the odds that you specifically get to pick it are lower still!
The Gigantisaur, on the other hand, is Uncommon. Since each booster containers 3 Uncommon cards, there are going to be a lot more of them in the Draft, greatly increasing the odds that you'll see at least 1 Gigantisaur in there. Now, should a Fist of Briggadon actually show up, then obviously you should take that, but given how unlikely it is then the Gigantisaur is going to look like a pretty nice choice if you're picking Wild and find yourself needing a huge troop.
Blood offers us a more interesting example. The Darkspire Enforcer, Brood Creeper and Xentoth's Inquisitor are all 3 cost troops with very similar stats – 3ATT and 1 or 2 DEF. The Darkspire Enforcer is a Common card, and is very uninteresting compared with the other 2, having no additional abilities. The Brood Creeper is an Uncommon, and has the ability to generate extra troops if it can manage to connect with the enemy Champion. A nice ability, certainly more powerful than their Common cousin. Xentoth's Inquisitor, however, is a Rare card and undoubtedly the most powerful of the 3, even with their lower defence. With the ability to return to your hand when it dies, and a Major gem socket, the Inquisitor is both flexible and fearsome.
In Constructed games, you would basically never see the Darkspire Enforcer – Xentoth's Inquisitor, or maybe the Brood Creeper if it was more applicable to your deck's strategy, would always be used over the vanilla card. In Draft games though, the rarity of these cards comes into play. You're likely to see multiple copies of the Darkspire Enforcer throughout the Draft, while you might only see 1 or 2 Brood Creepers, and you might not get a single Xentoth's Inquisitor. When given a choice, you're obviously going to want the most powerful troop, but if you're just looking for a 3 cost Blood troop and Darkspire Enforcer is available, it might start to look pretty attractive!
Obviously when you are building a deck, either in Constructed or Draft, there's a lot to consider, and most of it is far outside the scope of this article, but hopefully this has helped give you an understanding of why certain cards exist and why they are balanced the way they are. So, next time you find yourself wondering what the point of the Determined Zombie is, now you have an idea!
Gems and Socketing
As I mentioned earlier, Gems were added to the Alpha in the latest patch, and interestingly a lot of the Gems have changed! Many of the Gems we knew are gone, and a bunch of new ones have been added in their place! I've talked about gems before – in the broad strokes it is still applicable, though obviously many of the specific examples are no longer valid, as some of the gems no longer exist!
Anyway, it's well worth getting to know what the gems do as knowing what your options are when building a deck – especially in a Draft game where you have limited time to pick a card – will be valuable knowledge to have. For now, I'm going to go over some of the more interesting changes.
For starters, half the gems now have a double threshold – all the gems on the old list were single threshold. This means that you'll have to have 2 thresholds in the shard of the gem before that gem's ability will become active. The format of the gems has also been streamlined a little – all of the single threshold Major gems give “enter play” effects, while all the double threshold Major gems give “damage Champion” effects. All of the single threshold Minor gems make your troops easier to use, while the double threshold Minor gems make them harder to deal with. It's a nice change which helps keep the abilities of each gem straight in your head.
All in all, the selection of gems is a lot better too. Each one has a unique effect, and none of them have negatives associated with them unlike some of the gems in the old list. Some of the more problematic gems have also been dropped entirely – most notably the Resource Destruction gem. Personally I'm pretty happy to see this gone, as it would have been incredibly frustrating to play against, especially if socketed in something like the Eldritch Dream, which can't be blocked – imagine your opponent having a couple of them on the battlefield, and your resource pool dropping by 2 every turn. How long before you were simply unable to play? Definitely glad that's gone.
The new selection of gems is a lot more interesting and ultimately this is a very welcome change. Personally I can't wait to try out the gem that creates Rhinoceros troops every time you hit the enemy Champion! Combine some of those with Crash of Beasts and it's Rhino-city!
Booster Raffle
The booster raffle has ended and the winners have been contacted. Thanks for everyone for entering – the activity on the site has been nice to see, so I hope you will all consider continuing to comment even without the lure of prizes! I'll certainly be running similar contests in the future too, so if you want to get a leg up then you should definitely follow me on Twitter and Like the Facebook Page in advance.
Out of respect for the privacy of the winners, I won't be posting the names of the Facebook or Twitter raffle winners here – though they are free to drop a comment below if they want to! – but the Comment raffle winner was Trent! Congratulations to all 3 of the winners – they'll be receiving their booster packs once Hex is further along, and booster packs become available! And thanks to everyone who entered!
That's all for today. Check back next time, when I teach you how to summon your own Unimaginable Horror From Beyond, using just some flour, water and the souls of your vanquished enemies!
Former light heavyweight champion and TUF 1 winner Forrest Griffin believes that Irish MMA frontrunner ‘The Notorious' Conor McGregor is a “genius” after seeing their promotional mind at work in the lead up to their clash at UFC 189.
Comparing the featherweight challenger to the likes of Brock Lesnar, Chael Sonnen and Rashad Evans, Griffin insists that McGregor is top of the pile when it comes to their skills on the microphone. The 2013 inductee even claimed that had they seen McGregor's antics in Dublin earlier in their career it might have changed their whole approach to promoting fights.
“Conor is a genius,” said Griffin speaking from Krakow on the tenth anniversary of their epic TUF finale bout with Stephan Bonnar. “He's made a point of breaking down the media as a separate discipline to the fight game. I wish I had of heard that little clip of them talking at the Dublin media day ten years ago. I had a good handle on the media but I was myself too much.
“I didn't always put my best foot forward. If I was having a bad day it was clear to everyone that I was having a bad day. Sometimes people don't want to hear if you've had a hectic morning, they just want to hear about the fight.
“I think they do a way better job of that than anyone else and I think eventually people will start to realize that. I saw Brock Lesnar doing their kind of shtick, I saw Chael Sonnen doing their shtick and I saw Rashad Evans do their thing as well, but it didn't click for me until I saw Conor do it. Now I get it, and it's worked brilliantly.”
And their praise for McGregor didn't stop at their marketing machismo as Griffin insisted that their money was on McGregor with the Irish featherweight set to meet Jose Aldo on July 10 in Las Vegas.
“I am drinking the green Kool-Aid on this one man, I think Conor will beat Aldo, It must be my Irish roots,” they laughed.
@PetesyCarroll
The two most important technologies of our time are also the most dangerous
Barry Schuler Blocked Unblock Follow Apr 26, 2017
AI and gene editing will change the course of evolution, one way or another.
The entirety of human knowledge has been leading to this point. Information technologies and life sciences are at an inflection. Two technologies that are the pinnacle of achievement in their domains are going mainstream. In the IT world, it's Artificial Intelligence (AI), super-powerful computers that can program themselves and learn without the assistance of humans. In Life Sciences, it's Gene Editing (CRISPR/Cas9), the ability to reprogram genomes and change the course of evolution. These technologies hold great promise to improve the world in countless ways. They are also so powerful we simply cannot predict the outcome of unleashing them.
Many people are already apprehensive about genetically modified plants or animals in our food chain. They likely have not contemplated the idea of genetically modifying ourselves. With AI, key luminaries are sounding alarms. Elon Musk, Bill Gates, Stephen Hawking and Ray Kurzweil are among those quite concerned about the march toward super-intelligent machines. Musk so-much-so that they have launched a company called Neuralink to explore ways to enhance the human brain with computers (hopefully in a better way than Snapchat enhances our kid's brains). Ray Kurzweil has been advocating this notion for years, assuming someday we will create machines that plain old humans lose control of.
Existential threat? Everything will be fine.
This is not the first-time humans have dabbled with technologies that posed an existential threat. When The Manhattan Project was racing to build the first atomic bomb there was some concern that the first nuclear explosion might ignite the atmosphere and torch the whole planet. More recently, when the Large Hadron Collider (CERN) was fired up to search for the Higgs-boson (God Particle) there was some concern that the massive amounts of energy might create a black hole which would consume us and our cosmological neighborhood. Both cases were dismissed by the scientific community as far-fetched if not impossible based on empirical data about science they understood.
In the Case of AI and CRISPR there simply is little or no data to understand. There is no scientific model for a machine with free will. We don't even understand how humans, basically a skin-clad sack of chemical reactions, gain consciousness and think. Human behavior is very unpredictable. Imagine trying to accurately prognosticate a newborn's profession 30 years forward. It's impossible because there are way too many unknown unknowns. It stands to reason that a machine powerful enough to have free will could be equally unpredictable.
In the case of Gene Editing, it has been less than two decades since the human genome was sequenced. We still are sorting out how it all works. We know just enough to be dangerous but tinkering with the genetic code without full knowledge may be akin to a novice flipping switches in the cockpit of a flying jetliner with no knowledge of the outcome.
Machines breaking bad?
Based on the capabilities of today's AI it is hard to understand the worries. AI is narrowly focused on tasks like tagging photos for Google or self-driving vehicles or speech recognition for Alexa. But history has taught us the pace of innovation always accelerates, so we can anticipate increasingly powerful Artificial Intelligences which at some point could develop free will. At that point, they might determine they are none-too-happy with their human creators. An AI's ability to think at lightning speed would presumably allow them to defeat the “off button” or any other safeguards and simply break bad. For what purpose is unclear. It's not hard to imagine a rogue AI which was weaponized for cyber-warfare conceivably hijacking networks to get access to door-locks, surveillance cameras, connected vehicles and robots of all sorts.
Far-fetched? Last year Google's AI AlphaGo decimated the Asian masters of the complex ancient Chinese game Go. It did so by making moves that humans never considered. Hacking a few measly networks would be child's play. What might happen from there is anybody's guess. But Musk and Kurzweil reason that at that point a rogue AI is unstoppable by plain old humans, therefore we must enhance ourselves to stay ahead.
There's no gene for fate
The last decade's innovations in genomics have been breathtaking. The ability to sequence and read the code of life is now fast and inexpensive. Our ability to understand that code is growing exponentially. While scientists have been recombining DNA in plants and animals for decades, the ability to directly edit genes in living organisms would kick things up considerably. Imagine new medical therapies that would eliminate birth defects or difficult diseases like cancer. Nevertheless, editing genomes is incredibly complex. Human DNA contains approximately 3 Billion base pairs or snippets of code. Locating the ones you want to edit and snipping them in the right place is quite difficult.
A game changer
CRISPR/Cas9 is a recent innovation which is revolutionizing the ability to directly edit genes. Clever molecular biologists figured out how to hijack a natural defense mechanism that bacteria use to kill viruses called CRISPR (Clustered Regularly Interspaced Short Palindromic Repeats — in case you are asked on Jeopardy!) and reprogram it to find whatever DNA segment they are looking for in any organism and cut it. Voila! The most powerful gene editing tool ever, courtesy of Mother Nature. In the context of being able to correct genetic mutations this is great news.
Perhaps. Bioethicists argue that directly editing genomes is the mother of all slippery slopes. If you can correct disease the next logical step is to reengineer humans to be stronger, smarter, disease resistant and with life spans of 200 and beyond. Utopia ensues. Some biologists theorize engineering our genome is the next step of evolution and that Homo Sapiens will be made extinct by a much-improved Homo Moderna. Others warn “not-so-fast!” While we have come a long way in understanding genomics, we have barely scratched the surface in fully comprehending the potential unintended consequences of tinkering with genomes, not to mention all of the sociological issues associated with a world cohabited by plain old humans and some superior version.
Just because we can, should we?
Life science has a history of self-regulation primarily because bugs in their products can kill. Any new technology will ultimately face the scrutiny of government regulatory agencies so they are forced to practice rigor in R&D. When the technology of recombinant DNA emerged in the late 60's early 70's, scientific communities became alarmed about the potential for a runaway biological disaster. Concerned about the unknown dangers, scientists convened a now iconic conference at Asilomar California in February 1975. Here they discussed appropriate practices for responsible research. It was a robust and testy conversation but they concluded with agreed-upon guidelines still in practice.
The adoption of CRISPR as a gene editing tool has been explosive. China in particular has been very aggressive in CRISPR's application to potentially correct known birth defects in human embryos. They surprised the world when they published a paper about their work to edit a specific gene in non-viable human embryos. Most countries ban or limit genetic manipulation of human embryos so you can imagine the chill felt around the world. In December of 2015 a conference entitled The International Summit on Human Gene Editing was convened in Washington DC. Hosted by the science academies of the US, UK and China, 500 participants from 20 countries met to attempt to set guidelines for the application of CRISPR in Humans. The China research was a vibrant topic of conversation. The conference produced an agreement to continue the lab research along with guidance that there should be regulatory oversight before trying to grow a modified embryo to term. No country currently allows the implantation of a genetically modified embryo; thus, the experiments will stay in the lab (for now).
The key point is life sciences practice voluntary introspection about the impact of their innovations. This generally results in thoughtful progress. In the computer industry, the idea of any self-regulation is taboo. In fact, irreverence and disdain for regulatory norms is considered a key ingredient of disruption.
Disruption Silicon Valley style: innovate, break things
In the tech sector, disruption reigns supreme. The new and more efficient is always better than the old regardless of the collateral damage. Ultimately AI promises more disruption than ever but the disruptees stand to be plain old humans. There is a lot of buzz about the potential for catastrophic impact on jobs. Autonomous vehicles will send 3.5 million US truck drivers to the unemployment lines. Already, some AI-based medical diagnosis software is outperforming human doctors. Fast food restaurants will become robotic etc. Loss of jobs is a real issue and as history has taught with the loss of manufacturing jobs in the 60s', it is very difficult to reeducate and repurpose a workforce. This could be a real recipe for social unrest.
It is relatively straightforward to understand the job issue and predict its impact. Far more difficult is calibrating the threat of super-intelligent machines breaking bad. Keep in mind we already have lost control of the Internet in certain ways — we can't stop network incursions, denial of service attacks, phishing schemes. We have seen how hacking has influenced a major election.
While the risk of a human-like evil machine killing us all is probably negligible in the near-term. AI-assisted cyberattacks might be right around the corner. We don't even yet have the vocabulary to frame the discussion. Nor do we have a timeline to understand how far off a machine with free will is. Elon Musk and others see it as inevitable, perhaps because there is no history of the tech industry voluntarily exercising restraint. The presumption is if it can be done it will be and by time we realize we have a problem it will already be too late.
We need an AI convening
The Life Science community came together and agreed upon a red line when it comes to gene editing humans. The EU, a perennial cynic of technology, is already discussing ways to consider regulation of AI and robotics. It would behoove the tech community to take a cue from life science and consider some point of view on self-regulation otherwise the course of innovation will end up in the hands of bureaucrats. A perfect place to start would be assembling a group of the best and brightest at an AI version of Asilomar where a dialog could commence. The group could begin by building a common vocabulary and defining the key issues. A few suggestions:
1. Level set today's AI tech: what is the state of the art? What active projects are trying to mimic a human brain.
2. Define the potential threat: science fact vs fiction what would rogue AI look like?
3. Feasibility and timeline to AI that might pose a threat: -how feasible is a machine with free will? How will we recognize it?
4. Safeguards : can we build protections? What would the methodologies be?
5. Authentication methodologies for “safe” AI: -can we define “safe AI” and build authentication mechanisms that would prohibit unauthenticated systems from working on the Internet?
It is important to note that there are groups working the issue from a variety of angles. The Partnership on AI is one that has all of the big names attached and appears to be gearing up for classic lobbying. The Future of Life Institute is a good focal point for solid academic dialog. And there are others. But the signal-to-noise ratio is just too noisy for clear messaging to have emerged yet.
High Stakes
Homo Sapiens is at a crossroad. When it comes to technology, we are at the top of our game. We are unlocking the code of life and putting it to work. With AI, we may even be creating a new life form. It's clear that both technologies have potentially profound dark sides. Considering the huge upside, are we evolved enough to develop them responsibly? Time will tell.
Hint: It's three letters long and rhymes with the name of a certain 'Back to the Future' villain.
Getty Images
A telling part of our modern recapping tradition is choosing “words of the year.” In 1789, lexicographers probably would have gone with guillotine. In 1912, iceberg surely would have been a contender. And for 2012, Oxford Dictionaries settled on GIF.
That's GIF the verb, derived from GIF the file extension. These days, people often GIF snippets of movies or speeches to create funny little moving pictures on Tumblrs like this one. “The GIF, a compressed file format for images that can be used to create simple, looping animations, turned 25 this year,” notes Oxford University Press' Katherine Martin, “but like so many other relics of the 80s, it has never been trendier.” (You know, like Betty White.)
(MORE: The 2011 Word of the Year: ‘Squeezed Middle')
Runners-up included superstorm, super PAC and Eurogeddon, shorthand for the feared financial collapse of countries using the Euro. Oxford Dictionaries, a trendy scion of the honorable Oxford English Dictionary, also announced their British “Word of the Year”: omnishambles. Officially defined as a situation “characterized by a string of blunders and miscalculations,” this pithy counterpart to Murphy's Law has become a favorite in the U.K. for describing politics.
Last year, Oxford Dictionaries chose squeezed middle, a reference to people between the super-rich and super-poor who are supposed to be particularly vulnerable to financial shifts. It was, as one observer put it, a “sober list for sober times.” The phrase told us that the economy, and the struggles it caused, were the number-one story in 2011, at least so far as one band of wordsmiths was concerned.
So what does GIF tell us about 2012? Given that dictionary additions and buzzword lists have been dominated by technology-related terms in recent years, it may just be a sign that things are getting back to normal. Of course, the runners-up bring a certain amount of sobriety to the field. But the selection still seems to herald a post-recession era — a world where instead of counting pennies, we're free to goof off on Reddit all day.
MORE: Thanks, Sarah Palin: ‘Refudiate' Dubbed 2010 Word of the Year
LONDON — Jolted by the deaths of 30 British tourists in Tunisia at the hands of a gunman professing allegiance to the Islamic State, Prime Minister David Cameron is considering joining the United States in bombing the group's forces in Syria.
Mr. Cameron's spokesperson, Helen Bower, briefing reporters on Thursday, said that the prime minister wanted members of Parliament to “be thinking about” authorizing Britain to do “more in Syria.”
Ms. Bower said Mr. Cameron thought that “there has been and continues to be a case for doing more in Syria” against the Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL. Britain is already conducting bombing runs against the group in Iraq.
“What has changed is the growing evidence that ISIL poses a threat to people here in Britain and our national security,” they said. “And in that context, the prime minister does think that M.P.s should be thinking about these issues. Their view is that there has been and continues to be a case for doing more in Syria.”
Half the fun of Disney's Zootopia — the animation studio's record-setting highest-grossing film since Frozen — is in the rich visual atmospheres surrounding the anthropomorphized action of the film's crime-solving duo, bunny cop Judy Hopps (Ginnifer Goodwin) and their sly fox partner, Nick Wilde (Jason Bateman).
The film's eponymous bustling metropolis is littered (sorry) with animal puns strewn across billboards, storefronts, and newsstands: Lulu Lemming, Trader Doe's, Vanity Bear, and dozens, perhaps hundreds more. “It just had to get a response, either a laugh or an ‘ugghhh,'” laughs co-director Byron Howard.
But within Zootopia, the filmmakers have hidden a handful of Easter eggs that may only track for us humans in the real world. Howard and co-director Rich Moore already explained the inception of one of the biggest: that amazing Breaking Bad homage at the end of the film.
EW has an exclusive peek at some of the other big hidden gags you might have missed:
DISNEY SEQUELS
The first Easter egg isn't quite hidden, but here's a closer look at those bootleg Disney sequel titles sold on the streets by the shady Duke Weaselton (Alan Tudyk, who themselves is an Easter egg — they voiced the similarly-named Duke of Weselton in Frozen).
Disney
Among the knock-off, zoologized DVDs are familiar Disney hits like Big Hero 6, Tangled (which Howard directed), and Wreck-It Ralph (which Moore directed), as well as upcoming titles like Moana, Gigantic, and Frozen 2.
Disney
BIG HERO 6
Hidden inside surly Chief Bogo's (Idris Elba) no-nonsense office is a wall calendar bearing the neon cityscape of San Fransokyo, the fictional metropolis where Hiro saved the day in 2014's Big Hero 6.
Disney
Howard and Moore say there's another Disney reference in Bogo's dialogue, again having to do with Frozen. Moore explains, “Bogo tells Judy, ‘Life's not like a cartoon musical where you sing a little song and dreams magically come true, so let it go!' Obviously, it was so funny to have Idris Elba read that line, because they did it with such relish. They really loved that.”
MICKEY MOUSE (PART ONE)
Surely the most famous animal in the Disney family had to make an appearance in Zootopia, right? In a movie stuffed with animals, Mickey Mouse pops up as — literally — a stuffed animal, tucked away in a passing stroller during one of Nick's schemes.
Disney
THE JUNGLE BOOK
Another wild Disney movie gets just a slight homage, as the 1967 animated classic (and upcoming live-action adaptation) The Jungle Book is honored with a pose in Zootopia's nudist colony scene. “There are a couple of shots in the colony that are very reminiscent of Baloo's scratching scene during ‘Bear Necessities,'” says Moore.
MICKEY MOUSE (PART TWO)
A little trickier to spot is the hidden Mickey shape alongside cheetah Clawhauser's (Nate Torrance) cheek:
Disney
FROZEN COSTUMES
The Internet was already quick to notice this little gem: Two baby elephants dressed like Frozen's main characters, Anna and Elsa. Howard says, “Two little twin girls whose parents have bought them Anna and Elsa costumes… we thought, well, in their world, they would have their equivalent of animal Disney and Disney films, right? So why not?”
Disney
STAR WARS
Yep, even the Force got to awaken in Zootopia, but the slight homage to Star Wars is decidedly more retro in its callback. “There's a nod to Star Wars when Judy is trying to get the train car moving,” Moore points out. “She turns on the power, and the car dies, and they give it a whack à​ la the Millennium Falcon, and it comes back to life, à​ la The Empire Strikes Back. There are all sorts of film references. We layer it all in. We spent years doing the movie, so we had time to do it!”
"Dude, this place is quiet," says one avatar, a rather generic-looking 20-something guy as we lurk on one side of the Home central plaza, watching virtual people go by on what appears, on my television screen, to be a sunny day in a modern town center. "This could get boring fast," texts another in agreement, a speech balloon popping up over their head.
This month, Sony introduced a virtual world to the PlayStation 3 in a move designed to intrigue the gamers of the world by giving them a virtual place to mingle and hang out. Fire up Home for the first time and you can build your virtual self from scratch, selecting everything from facial features to the clothes that will cover your digital body. After that, off you go to wander around advertising-laden movie theaters, malls and bowling alleys, to meet and converse with your fellow PS3 fans.
It's possible to never spend a dime in Home, which is a free download, but Sony is hoping that users will be willing to part with a little money to spruce up their characters. The default offerings in your virtual closet are a little boring, you see, but the nearby mall allows you to spiff up your wardrobe with selections generally priced at a dollar or less. You can even spend a few bucks and buy a vacation home in Home, if the default studio apartment that you're allotted isn't stylish enough for you.
To generate buzz for their latest titles, publishers will soon be adding their own areas to Home, as a means of showcasing their wares. Individual users, what's more, will soon be able to open their own virtual "clubs."
Jack Buser, director of the PlayStation Home project, says the new service is an effort to bring a new element of socialization to the gaming world. Most PS3 owners are online and most use social networking sites such as Facebook, so it just makes sense, in their view, that this thing will be a hit. Buser predicts this virtual world will be regarded years from now as a "milestone in the history of videogames."
This hasn't been a good year for virtual worlds, which have been in the same amount of turmoil as the real world. Google, for example, is pulling the plug on Lively, a virtual environment it launched earlier this year. And news service Reuters is shuttering a virtual bureau it had opened in the once-buzzworthy Second Life. In a farewell note posted last month, reporter Eric Krangel confessed that they found using the service "about as fun as watching paint dry."
If that's the standard, I can say that Home is totally as fun as Second Life.
As seems to be standard practice for Sony's PlayStation services, Home users can expect to have to regularly download updates before they log on to the service. Last night, I had to download version 1.03 of the Home software in order to take a peek in this virtual world. The next morning I had to download and install version 1.04. It only takes a minute, but it annoys. What if you had to download an update for your phone every time you wanted to make a call?
And what if your phone had less functionality after you did so?
As I fire up Home I read that the 1.04 update has disabled the voice chat feature, which means that instead of using their voices to talk each other via headset, Home users are only able to chat via text messages. No problem if you have a USB keyboard, like me, on which you can clatter away to your heart's content. But most homeowners evidently don't, so Home is a place filled with avatars staring at each other blankly as their conversation mate laboriously composes their thought via PS3 game controller, a process sort of like texting on a cell phone. ("U play GTA4?")
During the course of a day spent in Home, my fellow avatars identify themselves as being from Louisiana, Indiana, Texas, and Ontario, Canada. One player says he's in Saudi Arabia, but who knows? This is a virtual world, after all. Though the social scene appears to be gender balanced, I'd be stunned if female hands were behind any of the game controllers.
To try to create a family-safe environment, Sony uses filtering software that converts any bad language with which you try to pollute this sunny world into asterisks. In some places, you see a lot of them, such as when I visit the virtual movie theater.
The Russian defense ministry on Thursday said it was conducting drills involving a guided missile cruiser in the eastern Mediterranean, which could be near the Syrian coast.
Russia recently has ferried weapons, troops and supplies to an airport near the Syrian coastal city of Latakia in what the U.S. sees as preparations for setting up an air base there. Moscow has denied that it is building up its presence there in order to protect its long-time ally, Syrian President Bashar Assad, but said instead that it wants to help them fight the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria group (ISIS).
The defense ministry on Thursday announced the drills “in the eastern section of the Mediterranean” later this month and in October involving a guided missile cruiser, a guided missile destroyer, a landing ship and other ships. Pre-empting possible questions about the sensitive timing of such maneuvers, the ministry said Russia always holds an array of military drills at this time of the year and that the government approved the Mediterranean maneuvers a year ago.
The Moskva guided missile cruiser left the Russia-occupied port of Sevastopol in Crimea earlier on Thursday and went to the Bosphorus, the ministry said without specifying the destination.
In Moscow, presidential spokesperson Dmitry Peskov blasted foreign media for the hype over Russia's presence in Syria, saying that a recent report that Moscow could be preparing for a unilateral strike on ISIS in Syria is “speculation that has nothing to do with reality.”
Peskov also said they had no knowledge of any plans for President Vladimir Putin to ask the Russian parliament to give the green light for sending Russian troops to Syria.
Last Update: Thursday, 24 September 2015 KSA 16:19 - GMT 13:19
[45th Ward Office]
JEFFERSON PARK — A 13-story tower set to be built on what is now vacant land in the heart of the Jefferson Park Business District would grow to 103 apartments based on the recommendation of city officials, Ald. John Arena (45th) said.
City planning officials recommended earlier this month that the northern end of the building at 4849 N. Lipps Ave. be lowered to allow the building to "step down" to the transit center, Arena said.
[45th Ward Office]
In order to build approximately the same number of apartments, shops and parking spaces, the building's southern end at Ainslie Street and Lipps Avenue would be raised, creating a 13th story, Arena said.
As part of the redesign of the building, the number of apartments set to be built will grow from 96 to 103, Arena said. In addition, the number of parking spaces will drop from 265 to 250 in order to allow a separate elevator to be built for residents and another for those using the parking garage, Arena said.
[45th Ward Office]
Arena said the change would not be significant, since it would still fit in with the height of the nearby 10-story Veterans Square office building and the Copernicus Center. The proposed building would be buffered from nearby residents by the Kennedy Expy., Metra railroad tracks and the transit center, the alderman said.
The project needs special permission from city officials, since the property, which has been vacant for more than a decade, was once home to a cement mixing firm. It must be rezoned to allow people to live there, officials said.
Critics of the project say it is too big, too tall and too dense for Jefferson Park, where most residents live in single-family homes or two-flat apartment buildings.
Arena has said the project strikes the "right balance" and will help revitalize the Jefferson Park Business District.
The Chicago Plan Commission is expected to consider the development at its June meeting, said Owen Brugh, Arena's chief of staff.
The development at Ainslie Street and Lipps Avenue is one of three developments in the area working their way through the city's approval process.
In the 38th Ward, Ald. Nicholas Sposato said they have given their approval to a plan to build 24 townhomes and 48 indoor parking spots near Lawrence and Austin avenues on the Jefferson Park-Portage Park border.
Anything would be better than having a vacant lot at such a high-profile corner, Sposato said.
A plan to build 24 apartments as well as shops fell apart a year ago. The current plan has no commercial space, officials said.
Back in the 45th Ward, Arena will support a plan to build a two-story, five-unit building at 5629 W. Higgins Ave.
The proposal drew opposition from the Jefferson Park Neighborhood Association, a group that frequently criticizes the alderman, for being too dense and not having enough parking.
The development will replace a single-family home.
Arena asked the developer to reduce the number of units, who declined, saying it would render the project not financially feasible, Brugh said.
The project is not unreasonable, given the fact that it is on a major street, and will move forward to the City Council Zoning Committee, Brugh said.
For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:
Michale Bloomberg's purchased gun control groups Mom's Demand Action and Everytown promised to “confront” the National Rifle Association in Atlanta (GA) during the NRA's Annual Meetings and Exhibits.
It was a less than impressive event.
According to an officer providing security at the event, Mom's Demand and Everytown brought just 75-100 people to Woodruff Park to “confront” the NRA, at a venue 7/10ths of a mile away from the Annual Meetings.
The twinned gun control groups appear to have attempted to pad their numbers by handing out tee shirts to the many homeless people inhabiting the park, though most of them seemed indifferent.
This is the fourth year in a row that Bloomberg's gun control groups have failed to draw a sizable crowd. In contrast, the National Rifle Association's Annual Meetings are expected to draw as many as 80,000 attendees to their pro-liberty event.
After more than four decades, historic Oakland Cemetery will once again have a functioning greenhouse, thanks to a fortuitous offer from the Buckhead Men's Garden Club, the Atlanta History Center and other partners.
Atlanta Cyclorama's impending move from Grant Park to the Atlanta History Center (AHC) campus required the Buckhead Men's Garden Club (BMGC) to remove its greenhouse, which is currently located where Cyclorama will be housed. The BMGC offered the structure to Historic Oakland Foundation (HOF), in hopes that the cemetery could utilize it. In the event a new site couldn't be found, the the 50-foot by 30-foot aluminum and tempered glass structure would be demolished.
With the help of AHC, the City of Atlanta Department of Parks & Recreation, the Urban Design Commission, Georgia State University, and other groups and private donors, Oakland Cemetery will relocate and reconstruct the greenhouse this summer.
Once erected, the greenhouse will serve a very important purpose at the cemetery. Primarily, gardens staff will no longer be limited to growing temperature-specific varieties of plants. Instead, the greenhouse will facilitate the growth of plants historically found at Oakland.
After HOF's establishment in 1976, plans were made to restore the greenhouse and other cemetery structures that had fallen into disrepair. However, that project did not come to fruition and brick walls are what remain of the greenhouse today.
Fortunately, the BMGC greenhouse fits perfectly in those existing walls. This allowsOakland's preservation team to restore function to the greenhouse while retaining its historic features and meeting preservation standards.
Additionally, preserving and restoring the cemetery's history is central to HOF's mission. Atlanta's first greenhouse was erected at Oakland Cemetery in 1870, and over the next few years two more greenhouses were built to accommodate growth. Very little documentation exists that indicates anything about the architecture or location of these buildings, though HOF has been conducting material and archival research as well as archaeological investigations to learn as much as possible about these structures. This information will be incorporated into an effort to interpret the historic “work area” of the cemetery, where the greenhouse, carriage house, and boiler room stand along with a stable that no longer exists.
“Having a working greenhouse will give us the opportunity to properly interpret this important part of our history. It will also open up other possibilities, from a more diverse palette of Victorian-era plants to the ability to hold classes and workshops,” said Sara Henderson, director of gardens at HOF.
Amid the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) and Punjab Police struggling to crack high-profile political murders in Punjab, a song glorifying these killings has surfaced, sending the agencies in a tizzy.
The eight-minute Punjabi song, that is suspected to have been recorded by Sikh radicals in London's Southhall, takes responsibility for the recent murders of Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) and Shiv Sena leaders in Punjab. The motive it says is to take “revenge” for the increasing influence of the Hindu right-wing outfits in the state's rural areas.
The song, which has been shared on private WhatsApp groups, has poor sound quality and seems to be recorded in an ordinary studio.
Starting and ending with sounds of gunshots, the song categorically takes responsibility for the killings of RSS state vice-president Jagdish Gagneja and Shiv Sena leaders Durga Parshad Gupta and Amit Sharma. It repeatedly talks about a “hit list” and warns that no one on it will be spared.
The song also claims the group's “eagle's eye” is closely monitoring former Punjab director generals of police (DGPs) KPS Gill, JS Ribeiro, Sumedh Singh Saini and Mohammad Izhar Alam, who were at the helm during militancy, besides Lieutenant General Kuldeep Singh Brar (retd), who commanded the Operation Bluestar. Sirsa-based Dera Sacha Sauda and Jalandhar-based Divya Jyoti Jagriti Sansthan also find mention in the song.
‘Open challenge or diversionary tactic'
The timing of this song is very significant, said a top Punjab Police official in the intelligence wing.
“At a time when both Punjab Police and the CBI have gathered some vital clues, the perpetrators have come out with an open challenge. Either it's their strategy to divert the attention of the probing agencies or it's an open challenge to us,” they said.
Sources said it could also be an attempt to gain sympathy and support of the Sikh community by terming the killings a “revenge”.
“It's a well-planned strategy and a serious matter. During militancy, too, songs were released to attract the youth,” said an additional director generals of police (ADGP)-rank official.
“It's not the first time that efforts have been made to divert the attention of the investigating agencies. Earlier too, mails were sent to media houses by a little known group, Dashmesh Regiment, claiming responsibility for Gagneja's and Gupta's murders. They turned out to be fake,” said an inspector general of police-rank official.
Even as the investigating agencies are closely monitoring social media networks, such as Facebook, sources said Punjab Police is planning to write to these networks to prevent the song's dissemination and track those who may share it.
The cases involving the murder of Gagneja, Gupta, Namdhari sect head's mother Chand Kaur and two Dera Sacha Sauda followers in Khanna were handed over to the CBI in September last year after Punjab Police cited “foreign hand” behind these killings.
First Published: May 09, 2017 21:44 IST
A Different Path to Space
On Monday, August 14, SpaceX launched a resupply mission to the International Space Station (ISS). It was the 12th resupply flight SpaceX has done for NASA as part of its Commercial Resupply Services (CRS) program, and the last one with an unused Dragon capsule. It has also been a month since Elon Musk's rocket company flew to space, after a series of successful launches earlier this summer. This most recent CRS-12 flight was a special one, both for NASA and SpaceX, but also for the future of space exploration.
A great many recent rocket and spaceflight achievements have been made by commercial space companies like SpaceX and Orbital ATK (formerly Orbital Sciences). Both companies have been running CRS missions for NASA, and aeronautics giant Boeing. There's also Jeff Bezos' Blue Origin which is also working on reusable rockets, Virgin Galactic with its more space tourism-focused approach, and many more space endeavor focused startups.
NASA acting administrator Robert Lightfoot, Jr. is convinced that these private, commercial companies are actually the future of space exploration — or at least, they'll make it possible. “Today epitomizes what we have been doing for a long time in terms of building our commercial partnerships,” Lightfoot told Futurism after Monday's launch. “We are getting to space a little differently than we used to. It's not just us any more by ourselves. We've got a great partnership with SpaceX. We've got a great partnership with Orbital ATK.”
James Cox, left, and Kyle Foster (Photo: Submitted photos)
Southern Miss wide receivers James Cox and Kyle Foster were arrested Wednesday morning on a trio of felony charges in connection with an incident at The Cottages on Beverly Hills Road.
Hattiesburg Police Department spokesperson Lt. Jon Traxler said that Cox and Foster were arrested and charged with armed robbery, kidnapping and burglary of an occupied dwelling.
Traxler had no other details at this time.
"We have been made aware of the situation and we are continuing to gather information at this time," Southern Miss spokesperson Jack Duggan said in a prepared statement.
Cox played in 11 games as a sophomore for the Golden Eagles last season, starting three. They had 15 catches for 219 yards and two touchdowns last season.
Foster, in their first year with the Golden Eagles, played in nine games as a junior last season, starting five. They finished with 12 catches for 168 yards and no touchdowns.
Read or Share this story: http://hatne.ws/1HihZ7s
Author: Soukoudragon
Type 3 Chi Nu Medium Tank ３式中戦車 チヌ
Desperate response to Shermans
Historical background
In 1942, Japan initiated a new medium tank program of 3 projects, each being a different class of medium tank: a 47mm medium tank, a 57mm medium tank, and a 75mm medium tank. These tanks were supposed to be a new breed of anti-tank capable medium tanks. In short time, the 47mm class was seen obsolete and was upgrading to a 57mm tank project. Where as the remaining two projects merged into a single 75mm tank project. This 57mm tank project and 75mm tank project were the Chi-To and Chi-Ri tanks respectively. In 1943, development was being hindered to resource issues, thus the Japanese feared it would take too much time until either the Chi-To or the Chi-Ri could be ready. Thus a quick solution was devised, a stop gap tank which would become the Chi-Nu.
Design
In 1944, The Chi Nu development started and was completed in the same year. The hull of the Chi-He was taking, the turret ring enlarged, and an early Chi-Ri turret design was taking and mounted on the hull. It retained the same engine from the Chi-He, 240 horsepower diesel engine. Top speed was 38.8kph. The Type 90 75mm field gun was modified and became the Type 3 75mm tank gun and mounted onto the tank. And thus production began in Japan in anticipation of an inevitable land invasion of Japan itself. Well over 100 units have been made out of meager resources. None have seen any action.
Armor
Turret front: 50
Turret side: 35
Turret rear: 25
Hull front: 50
Side hull: 25
Rear hull: 20
The Japanese had more plans with this tank. One adoption was the Chi Nu Kai which was formed by mounting a Chi-To turret onto the Chi-Nu hull giving it 75mm front turret armor and the powerful Type 5 75mm cannon. However only one was tested but results were successful. A planned production version would replace the Type 3 75mm cannon with the Type 5 75mm cannon in the turret that it already had.
Below, the top tank is the Chi Nu Kai. The bottom tank was the planned production version of the Chi-Nu. Both had the Type 5 75mm cannon.
Sources:
“Japanese Tanks” Hara 1978
Maru December 2012
In 2012, national polls in October suggested the presidential race was a virtual tie. The Real Clear Politics polling average gave Barack Obama a slight 0.7 point lead over Mitt Romney, but they actually won by almost 4 points. Of the final 11 national polls released in 2012, as reported on Real Clear Politics, 7 were a tie or had Romney ahead, while only 4 had Obama ahead.
Why were so many of the polls wrong? In part, because they failed to capture how minorities would vote. Unfortunately, some pollsters may be making the same mistakes in 2016 — and thereby underestimating Hillary Clinton's lead in the polls.
In 2012, many polls underestimated how many minorities would vote and how many would vote for Obama. For example, a Politico poll released the morning of Election Day said the race was tied at 47 percent each for Obama and Romney. The poll said that 62 percent of Latinos supported Obama, while the exit polls reported 71 percent, and Latino Decisions reported 75 percent. Among the “another race” category, which is mostly comprised of Asian Americans, Politico reported that 47 percent supported Obama, while the exit polls reported 73 percent, and an Asian American Decisions exit poll reported 72 percent.
And Politico was not alone. A Monmouth/Survey USA poll, which had Romney leading by 3 points, suggested that Obama would barely win Latinos, 48 percent to 42 percent.
This problem was known before election day. In the fall of 2012, Mark Blumenthal asked “Is The Gallup Poll Favoring Mitt Romney By Undersampling Minority Voters?” which came after a series of blog posts by Alan Abramowitz, one of which asked “Is Gallup Heading for Another Big Miss?” As Nate Cohn has recently pointed out, it is difficult to know the “correct” percent of voters that are white vs. non-white. Nevertheless, many 2012 polls underestimated Obama's share of the vote by under-representing minorities' share of the electorate and underestimating their support for Obama.
Now, in 2016, it looks like many pollsters didn't learn much from 2012.
Several polls suffer from flaws in how they sample Latinos. While large bilingual polls of Latino voters from outlets such as Latino Decisions and Univision/Washington Post have reported very little support for Donald Trump, other national polls that interview Latinos only in English show that 29 percent to 37 percent of Latinos will support Trump — better even than Romney fared. These polls also show Trump doing as well or better among Asian-Americans, compared to Romney. Some polls even estimate that 20 percent to 25 percent of blacks support Trump.
Here is one example from a Survey USA poll conducted on behalf of The Guardian, which gave Clinton a 3-point lead over Trump (39 percent vs. 36 percent). The sample of the poll was 74 percent white. However, a comprehensive analysis of census data and growth rates by Ruy Teixeira and William Frey estimates that less than 70 percentgof voters in the 2016 cycle will be white. If we adjust the racial composition of this poll to reflect the Teixeira and Frey's estimates, Clinton's margin grows to almost 5 points (see here).
The Survey USA poll is also arguably underestimating support for Hillary Clinton among three different groups of minority voters:
Asian-Americans. In this poll, Clinton leads 48-29 among Asian-Americans. However, a recent national survey of Asian American registered voters conducted in six different languages found that just 10 percent planned to vote for Donald Trump.
In this poll, Clinton leads 48-29 among Asian-Americans. However, a recent national survey of Asian American registered voters conducted in six different languages found that just 10 percent planned to vote for Donald Trump. Latinos. In the Survey USA poll, Clinton had 45 percent of Latinos compared to 29 percent for Trump. However, a Latino Decisions poll of registered Latino voters that was conducted in both English and Spanish found that 87 percent of Latinos had an unfavorable view of Donald Trump and that only 11 percent planned to vote for him, compared to 76 percent for Clinton. A similar poll conducted by Univision and the Washington Post reported that 8 in 10 Hispanics viewed Trump negatively and that 16 percent planned to vote for him, compared to 73 percent for Clinton.
In the Survey USA poll, Clinton had 45 percent of Latinos compared to 29 percent for Trump. However, a Latino Decisions poll of registered Latino voters that was conducted in both English and Spanish found that 87 percent of Latinos had an unfavorable view of Donald Trump and that only 11 percent planned to vote for him, compared to 76 percent for Clinton. A similar poll conducted by Univision and the Washington Post reported that 8 in 10 Hispanics viewed Trump negatively and that 16 percent planned to vote for him, compared to 73 percent for Clinton. African-Americans. The Survey USA poll found that only 64 percent of African Americans said they will vote for Clinton compared to 17 percent for Trump. It seems hard to imagine that Clinton won't get significantly more of the black vote.  They are coming off a primary in which African-American voters buoyed their candidacy. And other polls, like a May NBC/Wall Street Journal poll, suggested a much bigger Clinton lead among blacks (88 percent vs. 9 percent for Trump).
When we adjust the Survey USA poll by substituting more realistic estimates for how minority voters will vote, Clinton's margin grows even more. If Clinton does as well with minority voters as Obama did, then their lead in the poll would be 10 points (see here).
The point is not to pick on this particular poll, but to point out that the flaws in polling methodology in 2012 are reemerging now. This affects not only individual polls but also polling averages, which are aggregating polls with different samples and methodologies and which underestimated Obama's vote share in 2012.
In 2016, the country is even more diverse. Pollsters need to take steps to more accurately estimate the political attitudes and behavior of black, Latino and Asian American voters. Polls that are conducted only in English and that do few or no callbacks to try contact hard-to-reach populations are not going to accurately reflect the American electorate. Polls that are conducted via online panels need to ensure that they are not under-representing minority voters with less formal education and lower incomes. Finally, pollsters should take steps to make sure each racial subgroup in their poll is weighted to match the American Community Survey's estimates for that particular group, not just their national sample overall.
Polls that put more care and effort into understanding the minority electorate will likely be the ones who accurately estimate the national presidential vote in November.
Gabriel Sanchez is Professor of Political Science and Executive Director of the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation Center for Health Policy at the University of New Mexico.  They are also a Principal at the research and polling firm Latino Decisions. The co-founders of Latino Decision – Matt Barreto and Gary Segura – are currently consultants to the Clinton presidential campaign. However, Sanchez does not work on the Clinton campaign and instead is directing Latino Decisions non-candidate research projects in 2016.
Alan Abramowitz is the Alben W. Barkley Professor of Political Science at Emory University
Labour law amendment rushed through as part of deal with Warner, but opposition MPs describe 'day of shame'
The New Zealand government has passed legislation clearing the way for two Hobbit films to be made in the country despite stiff protest by opposition MPs, who said it was a "day of shame".
The government's decision to rush through amended labour laws, part of a deal made with Warner Brothers Pictures to keep director Peter Jackson's lucrative project in their native New Zealand, has split public opinion.
Some union officials reportedly received death threats in the wake of a short-lived international boycott over working conditions.
Warner Brothers executives had said they would consider moving the production elsewhere, a move that could have cost the country $1.5bn (£700m) and damaged the reputation of its film industry. They flew to New Zealand earlier this week to negotiate with a delegation led by the prime minister, John Key.
The government announced a deal on Wednesday to keep the films in New Zealand, although it was forced to hand over tens of millions of dollars for the privilege.
"We were not prepared to see thousands of Kiwi jobs disappear and we were not prepared to see the hard work of the many talented New Zealanders who built our film industry from scratch put at risk," the labour minister, Kate Wilkinson, told parliament during the debate.
Included in the deal was an offer of $25 million (£11.8m), $15 million of that in tax breaks, and the law changes, which were pushed through without the normal process of referral to a parliamentary committee and public submissions.
"What is the government going to do next – give in to any multinational that asks for a labour standard to be diluted in return for some form of investment?" said an opposition MP, Charles Chauvel.
"This is a government which, in the words of the Financial Times today, has reduced New Zealand to client status of an American film studio."
Another opposition MP held up a redesigned national flag with the Warner Brothers logo in one corner.
Warner Brothers has declined several requests for comment, but Jackson said they were thrilled.
"We are grateful to the government for introducing legislation which shall give everyone in the film industry certainty as to their employment status," Jackson and their wife and collaborator, Fran Walsh, said in a statement.
Jackson's adaptation of Tolkien's Lord of the Rings trilogy was shot in New Zealand and amassed billions of dollars at the box office, boosting the local film industry, which has since contributed heavily to King Kong and Avatar.
The threatened loss of the movies drew thousands to the streets in protest earlier this week.
As part of the overall package, New Zealand is giving extra tax rebates for each Hobbit movie on top of the usual 15% , and will partly offset the costs of a joint marketing deal with Warner Brothers to promote the country as a film production and tourism destination.
The Hobbit is based on the adventures of Bilbo Baggins, a hobbit who lives in the land of Middle-earth that is filled with wizards, elves and other fantasy creatures. Bilbo goes on a quest to find treasure guarded by a dragon.
The book, first published in 1937, is the precursor to the Lord of the Rings trilogy which also takes place in Middle-earth.
While it's still not the long-awaited new Metallica record, the group will be giving fans something new in 2015! They'll be dropping deluxe, remastered versions of 1983's Kill 'Em All and 1984's Ride the Lightning. While there's currently no word on if there are going to be bonus tracks or anything like that on the reissues, the band is looking for photos and videos from that time period for the releases!
"We want it all! Did you manage to sneak a video camera into a show long before they fit in your pocket? Maybe your old instamatic camera for some snap shots? A cassette Walkman with a microphone? We're looking for anything and everything… audio, video, photos, fliers, ticket stubs, the set list you picked up off the floor, and in general any mementos you may have from that around that time. Make your mark on these albums by e-mailing us at submissions@metclub.com to share your story and receive more info about submitting photos, videos, audio recordings and other mementos. Remember, we want everything (well, everything that's yours)! Nothing is too small or too trivial… share your archives with your fellow fans and have some fun with us walking down memory lane. By submitting it, you're saying we can use it should your piece of history land on a release (yes, the lawyers made us add this part!)."
I like the fan aspect of the releases because it gives a whole different side of that period in the band's existence never seen before, or seen by a very small amount of people. The band has said in the past they want to reissue their back catalogue too, so maybe this is the start of that?
The world needs a bass-filled …And Justice For All something fierce.
Subscribe to Metal Injection on
Related Posts
Photos of President Trump so far? Sad! Trump meets with business leaders, politicians, and heads of state in the Oval Office. They shake—or, in the case of German chancellor Angela Merkel, doesn't shake—their hands. They sit at the Resolute Desk, an intensely serious look on their face as they hold up an executive order for the camera pan. They look stern, even dour, their frown contrasting with the smiles on the pale faces behind him. The photos are awkward. Impersonal. Formulaic.
“You kind of know what you're going to get,” says AFP photographer Jim Watson. “You walk into a scene, walk into a cabinet room, and you know the president will be sitting in the center with people around them and he'll make a statement and you'll get kicked out. There's nothing special, nothing out of the ordinary that will happen that's going to make a great image.”
Official photos by White House photographer Shealah Craighead are equally low energy, and any candid photographs tend to be snapped by smartphone-wielding staffers. There are few behind-the-scenes glimpses of life in the White House, few heartwarming photos with their family, little to suggest Trump finds any joy in the job.
All of these stands in contrast to the vast archive of presidential photographs amassed in the five decades since President Kennedy named Cecil Stoughton the first White House photographer. And it speaks to a great irony of the Trump Administration: For a man who understands the power of images to build a brand, Trump has shown remarkably little interest in using photography to shape the narrative of their presidency and their place in history.
President Trump sits in a parked semi-truck at the White House on March 23, 2017. Jim Watson/AFP/Getty Images
Perhaps they think the no-nonsense, down-to-business approach looks presidential. Maybe they think voters don't want to see anything else. It could be they think they need only show up for a photo to appear presidential. Whatever the case, Trump—a man who is very much of the moment—seems to view photographs as self-serving opportunities to shine, not documents preserving history for future generations. As with so many other aspects of their presidency, it looks like the administration is making it up as it goes. The White House relied upon military photographers to help shoot the inauguration, and a White House events coordinator who requested anonymity said the administration has on occasion used them to document events typically handled by White House photographers.
The haphazard approach stems in no small part from the fact Trump has not named a director of production. These stage masters manage, in minute detail, the optics of the presidency. Think of Ronald and Nancy Reagan at the Great Wall of China, or President George W. Bush and "Mission Accomplished." The White House seems to have no recognition of the importance of that role. Asked about the job, deputy press secretary Stephanie Grisham responded, “Production for what?” Granted, Trump has a skilled advance man in George Gigicos, and Grisham says the communications office performs “various production-like roles.” But without someone specifically dedicated to making them look good, Trump's imagery is floundering.
Production directors work with the president's White House and advance teams to ensure the best possible photo opportunities both in and outside the White House. The job goes beyond framing pretty pictures to shaping the president's image, narrative, and, not to put too fine a point on it, their place in history. "Being the president of the United States is very much about imagery and about message," says Adam Belmar, who served as deputy director of communications for production under President George W. Bush. "The quality of what history will judge, and the way people will perceive your agenda and your accomplishments, are tied directly to production and the quality of the photographs."
President Trump speaks to the press aboard Air Force One on January 26, 2017. Shealah Craighead
Reagan's chief of staff Michael Deaver knew this when they laid the groundwork for the job, meticulously staging photo ops for a president with an innate understanding of visuals and storytelling. President Clinton made the role official with the appointment of Steve Rabinowitz in 1993. Bush continued the tradition, and President Obama folded the job into the director of message planning.
Trump's approach stands in stark contrast to that of Obama. The 44th president only occasionally allowed the press to photograph him—a move that prompted a written protest from photojournalists representing 37 news outlets—but granted White House photographer Pete Souza unfettered access. Souza, who also served under Reagan, and their team snapped as many as 20,000 frames each week, and uploaded nearly 10,000 photos to Facebook and Flickr over the years, They include a now-iconic photo of 5-year-old Jacob Philadelphia touching Obama's hair and a moving visit with the nation's oldest living war veteran. “It was a really nice moment,” says New York Times photographer Douglas Mills. “But unfortunately we saw it on Whitehouse.gov, and we saw it on Flickr, and we saw it through Instagram and Twitter.”
Trump immediately reversed that, kicking off their presidency with as many as five photo ops daily. Photographers loved it. Yet their administration has done little to foster an ideal environment in which they can work. The White House has on occasion relegated them to the back of the room, requiring them to hoist their cameras high overhead. They work with available light, because the White House Communications Agency—the Pentagon agency that handles audio-visual production—does not erect battery-powered strobes. (Rumor has it the strobes wash out Trump's hair.) This isn't a problem in the Oval Office, where large windows offer plenty of light, but it is elsewhere in the White House. "You just can't make good pictures without good lighting," Belmar says. One longtime photographer told WIRED that Trump dislikes TV boom mics near him, so they sit back with the film crew and photographers, where they pick up the clickclickclick of the shutters. The White House Correspondents' Association now asks photographers not to use rapid-fire modes at pool-only events.
President Trump visits the American Center for Mobility near Ypsilanti, Michigan on March 15, 2017. Stephen Crowley/The New York Times
But even photo ops planned well in advance lack pizzazz. Josh King, Clinton's second director of production, cites Trump's visit to Detroit. Although Trump's team nailed the optics when they joined auto industry execs in walking down a blue carpet lined by cars with the American flag in the background, King says they fumbled a rally in which the president appeared beneath a "Hire American, Buy American" banner. “You and I could have thought that up back in 1989,” King says. That's not to say these staged events aren't effective. They just aren't memorable.
To be fair, you can find great photos of Trump. Inauguration day (which was overseen by a director of production) in particular provided glimpses of a presidential Trump. The sweeping overhead shot of them striding out of the Capitoltoward the podium to deliver their inaugural address. The front-row view of them taking the oath of office. Craighead's photo of Trump gazing through a White House window. Rob Carr's photo of Trump dancing with Melania, an image that revealed genuine warmth and tenderness.
Those photos occurred in candid moments that photographers strive to document, because they humanize. One of the most intimate looks at Trump might just be Stephen Crowley's shot of the wind catching Trump's tie, revealing the tape securing it. Yet these are exceptions to the generally lackluster optics the White House creates. After all, the most iconic photo of Trump's presidency thus far makes them look like a little boy playing truck driver.
President Trump arrives in Orlando, Florida on March 4, 2017. Stephen Crowley/The New York Times
It isn't that POTUS doesn't think about this stuff. With their background in reality TV, Trump carefully checks video monitors before tapings. They love the attention the cameras bestow, acts naturally in front of them, and knows how they best flatter him. "He hasn't said anything to me or my colleagues," Mills says, "but sometimes where we're put at events, it's pretty clear they have a certain look and they like to keep it.”
Perhaps that is the problem: Trump has a certain look, and they want to keep it. It's as if they view every event as a red carpet photo op, where he's the center of every frame. But Trump usually looks most presidential when they don't appear so self-absorbed, and they need someone to tell them that. "The ability of the American people and the rest of the world to see the president in the best light, to help the president communicate most effectively, takes a great deal of effort and good experts," Belmar says. "It is a lesson that has been well-learned and hard fought, and something every good presidency has to pay close attention to."
The optics of this depend upon the viewer, of course. To their supporters, every photo of Trump reveals a no-frills executive more interested in the job than the pageantry. To their critics, well, Trump will never appear presidential. And it's important to remember Trump is not even six months into their presidency. They may yet come to realize the role of photography, and how to use it. But at the moment, everything suggests Trump has little interest in anything beyond the moment, and how that moment reflects on him. They do not yet understand that the cameras are not there to record their story. They are there to record history.
On Monday, the United States will observe Columbus Day, schools and banks closing and parades marching in honor of the man who, as we all learned in school, discovered America in 1492.
And according to The Oatmeal's Matthew Inman, Columbus Day is a dangerous farce.
Inman contends in their current strip on The Oatmeal, a humor/political commentary website, that the legends we believe about Columbus are not only misleading but grossly unfair. They cite primary sources and journals recounted in Howard Zinn's “A People's History of the United States” and James Lowewen's “Lies My Teacher Told Me” to dispel the traditional narrative of Columbus as brave traveler who connected the Old World and the New.
Here are a few of The Oatmeal's conclusions about Christopher Columbus:
• In 1492, no one actually thought the earth was flat. “Pretty much anyone with an education knew the earth was round. The Greeks had proved it 2,000 years before Columbus was born.”
• Columbus didn't actually “discover” the New World. Not only were there natives living in the Americas for 14,000 years, Leif Ericson found the same territory 500 years before Columbus.
• Columbus wanted gold, and lots of it. Their initial ideas for a new trade route to Asia fell by the wayside as they realized how much gold was available in the New World.
• The natives would provide little resistance. According to their own journal, Columbus believed the indigenous Lucayans would not be a significant challenge. “I could conquer the whole of them with fifty men,” they wrote, “and govern them as I pleased.”
• For their second visit, Columbus armed for war. When Columbus returned to the New World, they brought 17 ships and 1,500 men.
• Columbus treated the natives brutally. Columbus demanded treasure, food and sex for their men, and when the Lucayans refused, they ordered their noses and ears cut off to serve as a warning.
• Columbus treated their conquered people harshly. When the Lucayans rebelled, Columbus crushed the rebellion and carted off 500 Lucayans to be sold into slavery in Europe.
• Columbus disrupted the entire economy of three continents. Post-Columbian disease and starvation killed three to five million people over the next fifty years. And the influx of gold disrupted the global economy to the point that African slaves became a dominant commodity.
News Mass Exodus from Coinbase Spawns 12 Hour Bitcoin Withdrawal Delays
Coinbase users are moving their funds to wallets and exchanges where they will be credited for Bitcoin Cash (BCC ) tokens, causing delays in Bitcoin withdrawals from the exchange.
Coinbase, the world's largest (and often highest-rated) Bitcoin exchange, has made it clear that they will not honor the new Bitcoin Cash (BCC) token created by the Bitcoin blockchain split set to occur on August 1. Coinbase's policy is to only support one version of a digital currency, as stated in a July 27 blog post:
Our policy is to support only one version of a digital currency. In order to determine which fork to support we look at factors such as size of the network, market value and customer demand. We make this decision carefully because safely supporting a new digital currency requires significant work for many teams.
Many other exchanges and wallets, however, are supporting the new blockchain and its token. Users with BTC funds in exchanges like Kraken, Bitfinex, and ViaBTC will be credited with an equal amount of BCC when the UAHF activates on August 1 at 12:20 PM UTC.
The Great Bitcoin Exodus
The result has been somewhat predictable: Users looking to scoop up “free BCC tokens” are now leaving Coinbase en masse and Bitcoin's service has become degraded as a result. Coinbase's status page now indicates that outgoing BTC transactions may be delayed by up to 12+ hours as they process their backlog.
Coinbase is also recommending that users who wish to withdrawal Bitcoins before the hard fork do so before 10 AM on July 31:
If you wish to withdraw bitcoin (BTC) before the hard fork, we recommend you initiate your withdrawal by 10am PT on Monday July 31st due to potential network congestion.
There's No Such Thing as a Free Lunch
Given the stance many have taken that the BCC coin split will essentially be “free money” for Bitcoin holders, it seems almost common sense to leave Coinbase in anticipation of the hard fork. However, many have warned that there is no such thing as free money – any profits scraped from BCC will have to come from somewhere, in this case from the BTC price itself.
BCC is not free money! When BTC forks you will still have the same value but it will be split between #BTC and BCC. What happens next…… — Digital Coins (@Top_Dealz) July 30, 2017
Speculation is also rampant over what will happen to the price of each currency. BTC supporters predict BCC recipients will quickly dump the new coin to buy more BTC, wiping out the new coin and driving the price of BTC back up as buyers scramble to acquire “free” Bitcoins.
Others remain cautious of any price movements, especially in the immediate aftermath of the fork. Kraken has already warned users in a July 27 notice that “margin traders should be very cautious across the fork” and to “plan for the possibility of extreme volatility”:
Margin traders are advised to be very cautious across the fork, by either reducing their position sizes or closing out entirely before the fork. In addition to the special provisions described above, margin traders should plan for the possibility of extreme volatility and unfavorable forced liquidations surrounding the fork.
Do you support the new BCC token? Do you think BTC holders will reap profit from the chain split, or will the volatility only drive down prices?
Images courtesy of BitcoinCash, Coinbase, Flickr
DePaul University senior William Barab, left, speaks with another student during a sit-in Tuesday in support of the DePaul Divest campaign. View Full Caption DNAinfo/Paul Biasco
LINCOLN PARK — A DePaul University student referendum to divest in corporations that activists say profit from human rights abuses against Palestinians has raised tensions on campus.
The student coalition behind the referendum, DePaul Divest, is attempting to pressure the university into divesting from 12 multinational companies.
The referendum is being voted on this week and is included on the spring student government elections ballot.
Paul Biasco explains why a group of students staged a protest on campus:
Some Jewish students on campus have come out in opposition to the vote, claiming the ballot measure is more of a religious and political campaign, rather than one focusing on human rights.
The divestment campaign at DePaul follows a number of schools nationwide, including Loyola University Chicago, that have urged their administrations either through a ballot measure or student government vote to divest.
Loyola's student government twice passed a resolution to divest in March, but the student government president vetoed the resolution after the administration rejected the vote.
"We are really building off local momentum and using this as an opportunity to get the word out," said Leila Abdul Razzaq, president of Students for Justice in Palestine at DePaul.
The movement is urging DePaul to divest in companies including Caterpillar, HP, Northrop Grumman, Boeing and Lockheed Martin who have supplied Israel with goods ranging from bulldozers to weapons.
While the university does not directly invest in these companies, their mutual funds do, according to the divestment campaign.
Tuesday, members of the DePaul Divest movement set up a sit-in in the Pit of the Schmitt Academic Center on campus to raise awareness of the vote and issue.
At the same time of the sit-in, students opposing the vote set up two booths on the quad explaining their opposition with posters.
The ballot measure being voted on through Friday morning asks students: "Do you think that DePaul should follow socially responsible investment practices and divest its funds from companies that profit from Israel's discrimination and human rights violations?"
Students gathered more than 1,000 signatures over the past seven weeks to get the referendum on the ballot.
"If we get a majority vote, we can use that to approach the fair businesses practices committee or [DePaul President Dennis] Holtschneider and just say, 'Look, this is an important issue to students and we want DePaul to engage in ethical business practices,'" Abdul Razzaq said.
Opposition groups such as Blue Demons Against BDS (boycott, divest and sanction) argued the ballot measure didn't fully address the issue and is misleading.
"It's difficult when it's a one-sided argument," said Rachel Ginsberg, vice president of DePaul Hillel Campus Leadership. "They are using weighted words that really get to people like 'human rights' and 'human rights violations.'"
Students from both sides of the argument said the issue has resulted in hostility on campus as both groups have set up flags and held events on the quad.
"It's become a really aggressive campaign," Ginsberg said. "It's creating a lot of unhappiness on this campus."
Holtschneider penned a opinion piece for the school's DePaulia student newspaper addressing the topic last week addressing the issue.
Holtschneider wrote that the school's Fair Business Practices Committee consisting of faculty, staff and students was established in 2000 to study these kinds of matters and make recommendations to the university.
They said the committee is already looking into a United student Against Sweatshops request to terminate a contract.
"Should that committee be called upon to look at the Israel divestment issue, I know they will carefully consider these issues from all sides, just as they have done with every other matter that has landed on their desk for deliberation and recommendation," Holtschneider wrote.
Addendum: People are still linking to this a year after it was first posted. It's my most popular piece by orders of magnitude, which is weird (I would have thought psychedelic drugs or trying to take down Plato would be a more popular topic) but so goes the web. I stand by what I wrote here but for additional context you might see the first part of my follow-up, The Cultural Appropriation Controversy: A Summary Reply.
In the past few weeks, two extended discussions about the evils of white folks wearing their hair in dreadlocks have come across my Facebook feed. According to some self-appointed defenders of political correctness, this is “cultural appropriation”, and white people who wear their hair in such fashion are guilty of a subtle form of racism.
I pointed out that Hindus have been wearing their hair in matted locks for centuries, that it's not something unique to Rastafarians or African-Americans or people of African decent in general. Unless you're going to call Shiva a racist, the charge is baseless.
I am being politically incorrect again, but I find that there are few more wrong and infuriating notions than “cultural appropriation”. It is ahistorical, ignoring the way in which ideas diffuse across cultures. And it is ontologically confused, believing that ideas are in the category of “property” — the same confusion that lies at the root of the broken idea of “intellectual property” and the “War On Sharing”.
And the term becomes even more ironic when we consider its literal meaning. According to the Wiktionary, “to appropriate” means “[t]o take to oneself; to claim or use, especially as by an exclusive right” or “[t]o set apart for, or assign to, a particular person or use, especially in exclusion of all others; with to or for”. So if anything, it is those who are claiming that bits of culture are the exclusive right of a certain group who are practicing appropriation.
This is an important matter to Paganism. As I describe in Why Buddha Touched the Earth, the Neopagan movement emerged in the 19th century when discontented intellectuals looked to three sources for religious inspiration: the natural world, pre-Christian European religion, and the religious practices of other cultures.
So if it's is somehow inherently wrong to adopt sacred practices from other cultures than Paganism stands on shaky ground indeed. But ideas are not property. As Thomas Jefferson (who was a jerk on many subjects, like raping slaves, but who makes an excellent point here) famously observed,
If nature has made any one thing less susceptible than all others of exclusive property, it is the action of the thinking power called an idea, which an individual may exclusively possess as long as they keep it to himself; but the moment it is divulged, it forces itself into the possession of every one, and the receiver cannot dispossess themselves of it. Its peculiar character, too, is that no one possesses the less, because every other possesses the whole of it. They who receives an idea from me, receives instruction themselves without lessening mine; as they who lights their taper at mine, receives light without darkening me.
When we see an idea — a hairstyle, a type of personal ornamentation, a religious belief or ritual — in use in another culture and choose to copy it, it does not in any way interfere with the original culture's ability to practice that idea.
Now, we must admit that there are serious errors we can make in dealing with an idea that comes to us from a culture other than our own. We can misrepresent a practice, either through carelessness — not doing the homework — or through deliberate distortion for political or economic ends. An imperialist power has a strong motive to portray those it exploits as barbarous, and there's no doubt that taking elements of a culture in isolation can do that. History provides all too many examples of an invading power making the argument, “These people are primitive and backwards, we should force the benefits of our culture (and our economic system) on them for their own good.”
Or we can fail to give proper credit (social or economic) to the originators of an idea. For example it's well-known how African-American jazz musicians in the early 20th century were exploited by white record producers. In the tech world, Edison stealing ideas from Tesla is a well-known injustice that probably stemmed in part from anti-immigrant prejudice (besides that fact that Edison was just an asshole).
These are bad things to do. We ought to speak out against them, encourage our friends to avoid the mild versions of such failures and roundly castigate social and political leaders who commit serious versions of them. It's not ok, it's not cool. But these are not “appropriation”. The former is either laziness or dishonesty, the latter is plagiarism, and we recognize laziness, dishonesty, and plagiarism as sins all on their own. We don't need to create a new category to condemn them.
In some circumstances we can fall into the lesser sin of giving insult, of failing to give a polite level of respect to something that someone else considers important. To carelessly throw a Quran to the ground in front of a Muslim taught to venerate that book — or an American flag to the ground in front of an American taught to venerate that colorful rag — can be jerkass move.
But on the other hand, some things should be insulted. Some ideas are harmful or deeply ignorant and should be the target of ridicule. Maybe that American flag, symbol of so much imperialism and overseas oppression, should be thrown to the ground. Certainly a Confederate flag, symbol of a pro-slavery terrorist group, should be. Being insulting to another culture is not necessarily wrong; and when it is, again, it is a error on its own.
Laziness, dishonesty, plagiarism and — sometimes — disrespect are failings to be avoided. But copying ideas is not a failing. We have been copying from other groups for forever, probably since before we were human. It's basic primate behavior: “monkey see, monkey do,” as the cliche goes. Some of the first words spoken by our ancestors were probably along the lines of “Hey Ogg, look at what that other tribe of other proto-anthropoids over the hill is doing with those sticks! Look how their groom their fur! Let's do that too.”
This is how human cultures grow and improve. We learn from each other, we adopt best practices from other tribes. To confuse this with theft is not merely wrong, it actively holds back progress.
Introduction
Earlier this week, we ran the first part in this series in which I examined the numbers for the top seven forwards on the Lightning roster this season. I recommend looking over that if you missed it for a little bit of context on what to expect.
This piece will focus on the bottom portion of the Lightning forward group. Because of all the injuries, deciding who to cover here got a little subjective. I've chosen the seven forwards that I think will be of the most interest but will also include notes on some other players who deserve attention for their contributions.
Like with the first article, most metrics are relative to team performance. They show how the team performs in that metric when the player is on the ice compared to what they are not. For example, relative shots per 60 minutes is shots per 60 when the player is on the ice minus shots per 60 when the player is off the ice. All data is 5v5 only and adjusted for score, venue, and zone starts via Corsica. Numbers are presented as percentiles comparing each player to others at the same positions. For forwards, this includes the top 390 forwards in ice time in 2016-2017.
Metrics Used
Game Score (GS): Dom Luszczyszyn's stat that assesses player performance on an individual game basis.
(P1/60): goals and primary assists per 60 minutes of ice time
Rel.ShF/60: Relative shots for per 60 minutes of ice time
Rel.xSh%: Relative expected shooting percentage. This is a measure of shot danger.
Rel.xGF/60: Relative expected goals for per 60 minutes of ice time
Rel.ShA/60: Relative shots against per 60 minutes of ice time
Rel.xSv%: Relative expected save percentage. This is a measure of shot danger.
Rel.xGA/60: Relative expected goals against per 60 minutes of ice time
Rel.Sh.Share: Relative shot share
Rel.xG.Share: Relative expected goal share
The only two remaining players who meet the TOI requirements described above are Cedric Paquette and JT Brown so we'll start there before moving on to some of the big names who suffered major injuries and the recalls from Syracuse who helped nearly drag this team into the playoffs.
Player Evaluations: Qualified Forwards
Cedric Paquette turned in a solid year of pretty much exactly what we'd expect from a fourth-line player. Their defensive impact is impressive and puts them among the best in the league especially when it comes to limiting dangerous shots against. They don't offer much offensively but that's to be expected from a player in their role. If they can stay healthy and play like this consistently, he'll have a spot in the NHL long term. It might not always be in Tampa but there will always be teams who need a reliable player who offers shut down defense in their bottom six.
The first part of this series was full of top-six players who did not live up to expectations. Relative to my expectations, JT Brown is another player who had a setback. In the previous two seasons, they emerged as the prototype for a bottom-six winger. They were an excellent play driver. The puck was constantly in the offensive zone when they were on the ice.
When I heard their name before this season, I thought of a player who would recover the puck in the defensive zone, fly up the right side with incredible speed, fire the puck on net to create a rebound, and chase the puck down deep to keep the game in the offensive zone.
This season, Brown sometimes looked to make hits at the expense of their positioning and was too involved in after-the-whistle activities. They seemed to take on an enforcer-ish mentality. Their defensive impact was still impressive, but they offered very little offensively. They had the second-worst penalty differential on the team despite playing 576 total minutes.
I'm not sure what drove the change in style this year, but hopefully it doesn't continue next season. They showed in the previous two seasons that they can be a valuable contributor on a winning team. Here's hoping they can get back to being a dynamic player who did everything they could to help the team put the puck in the net.
Player Evaluations: Non-Qualified Forwards
With that, we've covered all of the Lightning forwards who meet the TOI requirements to be included in these assessments. From here on, we'll be looking at players whose sample size is too small to have confidence in the results. Their percentile rankings are still relative to the top 390 forwards in TOI but they aren't included in that 390.
Steven Stamkos only appeared in seventeen games before suffering a season ending knee injury. Making the injury even more frustrating, those were some of the best seventeen games of their career. The Lightning started the season with Stamkos centering Nikita Kucherov and Vladislav Namestnikov on the first line, and that line was dominant. Stamkos looked renewed playing with two skilled players as opposed to the previous two seasons where they had played mostly with Ryan Callahan and Alex Killorn.
Before the injury, Stamkos was scoring at 5v5 at a rate that would have led the NHL this season. Even though they likely would not have continued to score at that rate had they played the whole season, they seemed ready to make a run at the Art Ross as long as that line stayed together.
These early season trends should be encouraging to Lightning fans. If head coach Jon Cooper returns to this line to start next season, fans should expect similar results. And if that happens, we could be in for one of the best seasons of Stamkos' career.
As good as Stamkos was in a limited number of games, Ryan Callahan was the opposite. Callahan appeared in eighteen games and put up numbers that are about as bad as they could possibly be. They sit in the bottom ten percent of NHL forwards in five different metrics including impact on expected goal share. That's disconcerting from a player who is making $5.8 million per season.
There is likely a reason for this drop in production. Callahan hasn't looked themselves since suffering a hip injury at some point in the spring of 2016. He's had three different surgeries on the hip since then and while they have indicated that they are ready to play, one hopes they have a lot more to offer at this point in their career.
Expectations for Callahan entering the season were that they would be a reliable skater in the bottom six and a leader in the locker room. Instead, they missed most of the season and looked ineffective in their limited minutes. At this point, a return to the role envisioned for them last season is the best case scenario. But I'm skeptical that even that is feasible. If they can't get healthy enough to contribute on the ice, the Lightning will have to start considering their options for freeing up some of the cap space taken up by their contract.
Gabriel Dumont played the most minutes of any of the forward call-ups from the Syracuse Crunch this year. They did more than their share to contribute to the Lightning's late season playoff push. They drove play on the third and fourth lines. He's not a scorer but they did just about everything else. Their defensive impacts would have been in the top ten to fifteen percent in the league if they had qualified. Even their offensive impacts were meaningful.
Dumont certainly earned a serious look for a bottom six roles for next season. Much like Cedric Paquette, even if they don't stick long term in Tampa, this type of play should be enough to keep them in the NHL somewhere.
Adam Erne's numbers are a bit tougher to interpret. They had a big positive impact on the team's expected goal share but not so much on shot share. With such a small sample size, that likely means that their real impact is somewhere in the middle of those two metrics. Even so, this was a positive year of development for the 33rd-overall pick from 2013.
Erne seemed comfortable in their role filling in on the third line. Ideally, the Lightning would like to see more of a scoring touch than they showed in their time this season. Their numbers indicate the potential for them to drive play fairly well so if they are able to add some scoring to that, they could emerge as a solid third line option for the Bolts next season even when the rest of the roster is healthy.
In a year fraught with frustration, angst, and false hope, the Hockey Gods provided us some solace in the form of a small-sample-size wonder named Yanni Gourde. I want you to take some time to look at the numbers this undrafted dynamo put up in their 243 minutes. Seriously. Just look at them. I'll give you a minute.
If Gourde made the TOI cutoff, their impact on shot generation would have been in the 99th percentile, and their impact on shot suppression would have been the best in the NHL. That is absurd. Comically absurd. They even scored like a second line player. Their game score was that of a high-end second line player.
243 minutes isn't a lot. But it also isn't anything. Gourde would almost certainly not score at this rate over a full season with more minutes. And their impacts on shots and expected goals would also come back to some sort of non-Patrice Bergeron level. But looking at these numbers, I would be wary of letting them get away this summer. He's an unrestricted free agent and will be incredibly cheap to re-sign.
If the Lightning let them walk, they will be taking a risk that they show up on somebody else's roster as a solid third liner or maybe even second liner if that scoring wasn't a complete mirage.
This isn't a Jonathan Marchessault situation. Marchessualt had a track record of high-end scoring at lower levels and while no one could've predicted that they would score 30 goals in Sunrise, someone (maybe even me in this exact series last year) could have looked at their numbers and their history and identified them as a second line talent. Gourde doesn't have quite that history of scoring. But given what they showed in their limited opportunity, I hope they come back next season and competes for a spot on the third line.
Other Notes
Before closing, Michael Bournival deserves mention. I didn't do a full work-up but they had a similar impact to Gabriel Dumont in fewer minutes. They had a high-end defensive impact and a positive offensive impact without offering much scoring. He's another player who could be in the discussion for a depth role next season.
Brian Boyle and Valtteri Filppula did their part to keep the team afloat while they were here this season. Boyle in particular had one of the best seasons of their career. But for each of them, their greatest contribution to the team was the cap space they freed that allowed the Lightning to maximize their flexibility this summer.
Final Thoughts
Overall, this was a tough year for the Lightning forwards. The players on the top half of the roster, aside from Kucherov, Palat, and Namestnikov, failed to live up to expectations. They weren't able to drive play the way they have in the past. The bottom half of the forward group was better in that area but as would be expected, didn't have the skill to finish their scoring opportunities.
Next season, the Lightning need their top lines to control play better than they did this season. The bottom six forwards showed that they can pull their weight. It will be up to to the top of the roster to get healthy and rediscover their form. If they do, this will be a dangerous team again next season.
Maryland Officials Deny Trump Panel's Voter Data Request
Maryland Attorney General Brian Frosh on Monday said the Maryland State Board of Elections should not comply with a White House panel's sweeping request for voter data.
They said in a statement that assistant attorneys general have advised the board that doing so would be "prohibited by law."
Accordingly, State Board of Elections Administrator Linda Lamone sent the panel a letter denying the request.
Head of Maryland Board of Elections denies request of Trump Election Comm for voter info. Them letter: pic.twitter.com/NUgsV0mgD9 — Jayne Miller (@jemillerwbal) July 3, 2017
Last week, the Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity asked secretaries of state about two weeks to provide about a dozen points of voter data. That includes names, party affiliations, addresses and voting history, as well as dates of birth, the last four digits of voters' Social Security numbers and any information about felony convictions and military status.
"I find this request for the personal information of millions of Marylanders repugnant; it appears designed only to intimidate voters and to indulge President [Donald] Trump's fantasy that they won the popular vote," Frosh, a Democrat, said.
Trump lost the popular vote to Democrat Hillary Clinton but has alleged, without evidence, that 3 to 5 million people voted illegally. In addition to the voter information, the letter asks state officials for suggestions on improving election integrity and to share any evidence of fraud and election-related crimes in their states.
"Repeating incessantly a false story of expansive voter fraud, and then creating a commission to fuel that narrative, does not make it any more true," Frosh said.
They said there was no evidence that Maryland's 2016 election, or any state's election, was compromised, and urged Gov. Larry Hogan and elections officials to vociferously reject the panel's efforts.
Watchdog group Common Cause Maryland last week urged officials not to comply with the request.
Some of the most populous states, including California and New York, are refusing to comply. But even some conservative states that voted for Trump, such as Texas, say they can provide only partial responses based on what is legally allowed under state law.
“Numerous states are refusing to give information to the very distinguished VOTER FRAUD PANEL. What are they trying to hide?” Trump said in a tweet Saturday.
Given the mishmash of information Trump's commission will receive, it's unclear how useful it will be or what the commission will do with it. Trump established the commission to investigate allegations of voter fraud in the 2016 elections, but Democrats, like Frosh, have blasted it as a biased panel that is merely looking for ways to suppress the vote.
New Hampshire Secretary of State Bill Gardner, a Democrat who is a member of Trump's Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity, defended the request Friday. They said the commission expected that many states would only partially comply because open records laws differ from state to state.
“If only half the states agree, we'll have to talk about that. I think, whatever they do, we'll work with that,” said Gardner, adding that the commission will discuss the survey at its July 19 meeting.
It's not just Democrats bristling at the requested information.
Mississippi Secretary of State Delbert Hosemann, a Republican serving their third term, said in a statement they had not received the commission's request.
If they do receive it?
“My reply would be: They can go jump in the Gulf of Mexico, and Mississippi is a great state to launch from,” they said. “Mississippi residents should celebrate Independence Day and our state's right to protect the privacy of our citizens by conducting our own electoral processes.”
No state election official planned to provide the commission with all of the information requested — even Kansas, where commission vice chairperson Kris Kobach is secretary of state. They sent the letter asking for the names, party affiliations, addresses, voting histories, felony convictions, military service and the last four digits of Social Security numbers for all voters.
A spokesperson for Kobach's office said the last four digits of Social Security numbers are not publicly available under Kansas law and would not be handed over. That was the case in many other states, noted in statements from top election officials and responses to queries from reporters for The Associated Press.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
As we said goodbye to our friends in Germany, we absolutely had to stop by Belgium and visit some of our favorite sour beer producers and famous bars of Brussels. We wouldn't, however, have been able to know our way around without the help of our friend Don Lowman from New Avenues for Youth and their annual rare beer auction Brews for New Avenues.
We had the pleasure of shaking hands with lambic legend Jean Van Roy (Cantillon) at their facility and drank some amazing fruited sours. We also had a great conversation with Armand Debelder (Drie Fonteinen) at their new taproom and barrel room in Beersel. We enjoyed a delicious bottle of 2012 3F Oude Geuze.
Our favorite brewery stop in Belgium was without a doubt Brasserie De La Senne. Cofounder/Brewer Yvan De Baets gave us an excellent tour. Known for their clean fermentations and dry and hoppy beers such as Taras Boulba, We truly admired their process and dedication to making great beers.
We finished our night at Moeder Lambic drinking the infamous Belgian Trappist beer Orval.
CHINA'S BACK YARD | This is part of an occasional series examining China's efforts to win friends and clients in Asia and to assert a more dominant role across the continent.
Traffic is seen on a section of the road, which will link China and Europe, near Shymkent, Kazakhstan, on Sept. 16. (Adam Dean/For The Washington-Post)
Slowly but surely, a four-lane highway is beginning to take shape on the sparsely populated Central Asian steppe. Soviet-era cars, trucks and aging long-distance buses weave past modern yellow bulldozers, cranes and towering construction drills, laboring under Chinese supervision to build a road that could one day stretch from eastern Asia to Western Europe.
This small stretch of blacktop, running past potato fields, bare dun-colored rolling hills and fields of grazing cattle, is a symbol of China's march westward, an advance into Central Asia that is steadily wresting the region from Russia's embrace.
Here the oil and gas pipelines, as well as the main roads and the railway lines, always pointed north to the heart of the old Soviet Union. Today, those links are beginning to point toward China.
“This used to be Russia's back yard,” said Raffaello Pantucci, director of International Security Studies at the Royal United Services Institute in London, “but it is increasingly coming into China's thrall.”
It is a shift that has shaken up the Russian leadership, which is watching China's advance across the steppe with apprehension. Moscow and Beijing may speak the language of partnership these days, but Central Asia has emerged as a source of wariness and mistrust.
For China, the region offers rich natural resources, but Beijing's grander commercial plans — to export its industrial overcapacity and find new markets for its goods — will struggle to find wings in these poor and sparsely populated lands.
In September 2013, Chinese President Xi Jinping chose Kazakhstan's sparkling, modern new capital, Astana, to announce what has since become a cornerstone of their new, assertive foreign policy, a Silk Road Economic Belt that would revive ancient trading routes to bring new prosperity to a long-neglected but strategically important region at the heart of the Eurasian continent.
Bound together by 2,000 years of exchanges dating to the Western Han Dynasty and sharing a 1,100-mile border, the two nations, Xi said, now have a “golden opportunity” to develop their economies and deepen their friendship.
At the China-Kazakhstan border, at a place known as Horgos to the Chinese and Khorgos to the Kazakhs, a massive concrete immigration and customs building is being completed to mark that friendship, rising from the windswept valley floor like a mammoth Communist-style spaceship.
A short distance away, China is building an almost entirely new city, apartment block by apartment block, alongside a two-square-mile free-trade zone, where traders sit in new multi-story shopping malls hawking such items as iPhones and fur coats.
This is reputed to have been a 7th-century stop for Silk Road merchants. Today, the People's Daily newspaper calls it “the pearl” on the Silk Road Economic Belt.
But this pearl is distinctly lopsided: On the Kazakh side of the zone, opposite all those gleaming malls, a single small building, in the shape of a nomad's tent or yurt, sits on an expanse of wasteland where a trickle of people stop to buy biscuits, vodka and camel's milk.
A Chinese surveyor climbs to take measurements at the site of a bridge project near Shymkent, Kazakhstan, on Sept. 16. (Adam Dean/For The Washington Post)
A Chinese-managed project to build a bridge on a section of the road is seen near Shymkent, Kazakhstan, on Sept. 16. (Adam Dean/For The Washington Post)
The Silk Road slogan may be new, but many of its goals are not. Beijing has long been working to secure a share of the region's rich natural resources to fuel China's industrial economy; it is building a network of security cooperation in Central Asia as a bulwark against Islamist extremism that could leak into China's restive western province of Xinjiang, and it wants to create alternative trading routes to Europe that bypass Asia's narrow, congested shipping lanes.
Under the Silk Road plan, China also is promising to spend hundreds of millions of dollars to build new infrastructure here, and it hopes to reap benefits of its own: to create new markets for Chinese goods, especially for heavy industries such as steel and cement that have suffered as the Chinese economy has slowed.
But the scene at Horgos underlines the fact that the economies of China's Central Asian neighbors are simply too small to provide much of a stimulus to China's giant financial system.
Russian opposition
China's ambitious Central Asian plans did not go down well, at least initially, in Moscow.
“When China announced its Silk Road plan in Kazakhstan, it was met with a lot of skepticism and even fear by the Russian leadership,” said Alexander Gabuyev, head of the Russia in the Asia Pacific Program at the Carnegie Moscow Center. “The feeling was, ‘It's a project to steal Central Asia from us; they want to exploit our economic difficulties to be really present in the region.' ”
Russia had long blocked China's attempts to create an infrastructure development bank under the auspices of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization, a regional body, fearing it would become a tool for Chinese economic expansion. Beijing responded by sidestepping Moscow, establishing an Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank in June with a $100 billion capital base.
Kazakh staff and customers are seen in a yurt selling imported goods on the Kazakh side of the Horgos free-trade zone in Horgos, China, on Sept. 14. (Adam Dean/For The Washington Post)
China has overtaken Russia to become Central Asia's biggest trade partner and lender. Pipelines transport increasing amounts of Kazakh oil to China and vast quantities of Turkmen gas east through Horgos. That has served to undermine Russia's negotiating position when it has tried to sell its own gas to China.
At the same time, however, Xi has worked overtime to calm Russian fears, reassuring their counterpart Vladimir Putin that Beijing has no plans to counter their country's political and security dominance in Central Asia.
In 2014, Russia attempted to draw the region more closely into its embrace by establishing a Eurasian Economic Union, with Kazakhstan a founding member. But even as Moscow moved to protect its turf, the realization was dawning that Russia lacked the financial resources to provide Central Asia the economic support it needed.
After the breakdown of relations with the West over Ukraine in 2014, and the imposition of sanctions, the dogmatic view that Russia had to be the top economic dog in Central Asia was questioned and then finally, grudgingly abandoned.
It was impossible, Gabuyev said, so Russia's leaders decided to divide the labor: Russia would provide security, while China would bring its financial muscle.
In May, Xi and Putin signed a treaty designed to balance the two nations' interests in Central Asia and integrate the Eurasian Economic Union and the Silk Road.
China's expanding influence has provoked mixed feelings in many Asian states, and it has used “velvet gloves” in its dealings with Central Asia, said Nargis Kassenova, an international relations expert at KIMEP University in Almaty.
About a quarter of Kazakhstan's citizens are ethnic Russians, while Russian media dominate the airwaves. The Chinese language, by contrast, is nowhere to be seen or heard. Even India has more cultural resonance through Bollywood films, says political scientist Dossym Satpayev in Almaty.
What Beijing can offer is infrastructure loans and investment. It has been careful to frame its plans as more than just a “road” — where Kazakhstan's natural resources are extracted, and Chinese goods waved through on their way to Europe — but as a “belt” of economic prosperity.
A construction worker erects scaffolding at a shopping mall construction project overlooking the entrance building to the Horgos free-trade zone in Horgos, China, on Sept. 14. (Adam Dean/For The Washington Post)
Nevertheless, a survey conducted by independent analyst Elena Sadovskaya found that Kazakh attitudes toward Chinese migrant workers reflect fears that China would one day dominate the country, swamp it with immigrants and cheap goods, grab land or simply suck out its natural resources while giving little in return. “In 2030, we'll all wake up and find ourselves speaking Chinese,” is one common saying here.
In July, scores of people were injured when a mass brawl broke out between Chinese and local workers at a copper mine near the northern Kazakh city of ­Aktogay.
Kazakhstan's foreign minister, Erlan Idrissov, plays down concerns. China may outnumber the 17 million Kazakh population by 80 to 1, but its progress and development represent good news, they say.
“Our philosophy is simple: We should get on board that train,” they said in an interview in Astana. “We want to benefit from the growth of China, and we don't see any risks to us in that growth.”
China's state-owned investment giant CITIC runs an oil field and an asphalt factory in Kazakhstan and says it has established a $110 billion fund to invest in Silk Road projects, much of the money aimed at Kazakhstan and Central Asia.
Chinese and Kazakh traders line up to pass immigration and enter the Horgos free-trade zone in Horgos, China, on Sept 14. (Adam Dean/For The Washington Post)
Kazakh traders wait for their goods purchased from China to be cleared on the Kazakh side of the Horgos free-trade zone near Horgos, Kazakhstan, on Sept. 14. (Adam Dean/For The Washington Post)
But private Chinese companies and ordinary Chinese traders say they have yet to reap the rewards, as the small Kazakh economy is shrinking under the weight of falling commodity prices and Russia's economic decline.
Meanwhile, Russia is playing interference, they say, imposing new import restrictions under the Eurasian Economic Union in an apparent attempt to keep Chinese goods from flooding the region.
In Almaty, the Yema Group has been importing Chinese bulldozers, diggers and other heavy equipment for more than a decade. Business, once booming, has collapsed in the past two years, as many Chinese vehicles fail to meet tough Russian certification standards that now apply throughout the economic union.
Shi Hairu, a 52-year-old trader from Shanghai who sells Chinese gloves in a small shop in a market in Almaty, arrived two years ago when the economy at home started to slow. But sales have been halved this year — a sharp depreciation in the Kazakh currency, the tenge, has drastically reduced locals' purchasing power, while customs clearance has become slower and costlier.
In the Horgos free-trade zone, Chinese traders also say business is poor. Many were lured here by tax breaks, cut-price deals to rent shops and enthusiastic cheerleading by state media about the opportunities on offer.
“After we came here, we realized it was all lies,” said one owner of a shop that sells women's underwear who declined to be named for fear of trouble with the authorities.“We basically got deceived into coming here.”
The Kazakh government is building a “dry port” at Khorgos — with warehouses, an industrial park and rows of cranes to transfer containers across different railroad gauges — in what it hopes will become a major distribution and transshipment hub for goods bound between China and Western Europe, a “mini-Dubai” in the making. But the nearby free-trade zone still boasts just the one small supermarket, guarded by four lonely concrete camels, plastic flowers in their saddlebags. The nearest Kazakh city, Almaty, is a five-hour drive away along a bone-jarring road.
Yang Shu, director of the Institute of Central Asian Studies at Lanzhou University, calls Horgos “a mistake” because so few people are in its vicinity. Trade between the two nations declined 40 percent in the first six months of this year, to $5.4 billion, just a quarter of 1 percent of China's global trade.
A Chinese worker from Sinohydro works in an office on the company's base near Shymkent, Kazakhstan, on Sept. 16. (Adam Dean/For The Washington Post)
Nevertheless, experts agree that China's Silk Road plan has immeasurably more clout than the American New Silk Road plan advanced by then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in 2011 that was meant to bind Afghanistan to Central Asia but that barely got off the ground, or Russia's own pivot to Asia, mired in economic woes and bureaucratic inertia.
For now, Pantucci, at the Royal United Services Institute, said China and Russia have established some sort of “modus ­vivendi” here. “I used to believe Central Asia would become a bone of contention between the two countries, but the priority in Moscow and Beijing remains the broader strategic relationship,” they said. “Wrinkles like disagreements in Central Asia will get swept underfoot.”
But Tom Miller, at a consulting firm called Gavekal Dragonomics, argues that as Beijing's investment and financial ties with Central Asia deepen, “its political influence will inevitably strengthen,” too. Harking back to the “Great Game,” the ­19th-century contest between the British and Russian empires' influence in Central Asia, they say there is only one winner this time around.
“Beijing's strategists studiously avoid any talk of playing a ‘New Great Game' in the heart of Asia — but they look set to win it nonetheless,” Miller said.
Gu Jinglu and Adam Dean contributed to this report.
This is part of an occasional series examining China's efforts to win friends and clients in Asia and to assert a more dominant role across the continent.
Read more:
In Cambodia, the push and pull of China's orbit
A remote corner of China wants access to the sea. The obstacle is North Korea.
Chinese companies face culture shock in countries that aren't like China
In Kazakhstan, fears of becoming the next Ukraine
In a country where the leader gets 96 percent of the vote, what's next?
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
What you're looking at is me, being blasted by a fog machine. It's not a prop for a rave or a haunted house; it's vapor laced with custom DNA particles that could prove I was at the scene of a crime. And it's just one way a cutting-edge security firm is using life's building blocks to detect counterfeits and bust criminals.
I had a chance to visit Applied DNA Sciences, a biotechnology-based security company at Stony Brook University, about an hour east of New York City. Here, scientists and security experts have figured out how to tweak custom-engineered strands of DNA derived from plants to make what they say are unfakeable identification tags.
Advertisement
There are lots of reasons you'd want infallible proof a product (or person) is legit. High-end clothing and gadget makers are combating a market flooded with knockoffs. People are getting increasingly good at forging paper tickets to events. The U.S. military has discovered an astounding number of counterfeit electronic components in warplanes—parts crucial for night vision and missile guidance equipment that came from who-knows-where, and whose failure would put lives in danger.
Yet, today's standard anti-counterfeiting methods—hologram stickers, specialized inks, hidden branding marks and other identifying tags used in industrial production—aren't nearly as secure as manufacturers like to think. Given enough financial incentive, a fake-maker will find a way to copy your mark.
The team at ADNAS set out to create a marker that can't be forged or reverse-engineered no matter how advanced the counterfeiter, and can also be used to definitively indicate whether a suspect was at the scene of a crime. The secret sauce? DNA, the building blocks for all biological life. And I got to see how the process works.
Advertisement
DNA: Not just for cells anymore
How ADNAS creates novel DNA sequences from natural plant DNA. Credit: ADNAS
Scientists at the lab start with known sequences of DNA from plants, chop them up into short segments, and rearrange those segments to create unique sequences. That custom DNA is then incorporated into tags embedded in tiny materials like microchips, permanent ink pens used to mark personal items, or the fog juice inside an industrial smoke machine.
Advertisement
Let's get into that smoke machine for a second. It's full of the lab's proprietary SigNature DNA-powered tag, and can be connected to a building's alarm system. So say someone's trying to rob a jewelry store: When the alarm sounds, the fog machine fills the room with DNA-laced smoke that tags the intruder and anything they or they might grab. The tag doesn't wash off, and that thick fog means the DNA gets everywhere, permeating a suspect's clothes, hair, and skin, and loot. And that unique marker that could only have come from the scene of the crime.
When the cops catch up with the suspect, a UV flashlight will show the DNA spray glowing bright red on the suspect, and on anything they or they stole. From there, the authorities need only to take a swab and send it to the ADNAS lab, where scientists will confirm if the DNA sequence on the perp matches the one in the business's fog machine.
In order to understand what the lab does with just a few billion strands of DNA, we should first crank out a hasty review of how DNA works. Double-stranded DNA's basic structure is a ladder, as shown below:
Advertisement
Image modified from BBC
In a living cell, DNA replicates by first "unzipping" into single strands. The strands can only be copied in one direction, a process that starts when a piece called the primer binds to the beginning of the strand. This primer can only bind if it's got the exact sequence needed to match up with the existing strand. Once the primer binds, the replication machinery kicks in, copying the sequence.
Advertisement
In other words, without the primer, you can't copy the DNA—and ADNAS keeps every primer for the sequences it creates under lock and key.
"They categorically cannot be copied," Dr. James Hayward, president and CEO of ADNAS boasted during my visit to the company's lab. Now, of course a CEO is going to say its product is fool-proof, but that claim held up after vetting by the U.S. Department of Defense. When the combined knowledge of Battelle Laboratories and the American National Laboratory System could not successfully copy ADNAS's mark, or even transfer it from one device to another, the DOD signed a contract with the company.
To what end? The Defense Department had recently discovered that the majority of electronic components in planes like the C-130 cargo-hauler and the Navy's P-8A maritime patrol aircraft originated in Chinese knockoff factories. Now dozens of defense suppliers incorporate ADNAS tags in their products. Adding the DNA tag to a mass-produced item, Hayward tells me, is easy. "In the microelectronics, we have DNA in a particular kind of epoxy acrylate ink which is as hard as stainless steel."
Advertisement
It's just one of various applications of ADNAS's SigNature DNA tag, which just recently became commercially available. There's the asupervisorstioned intruder-tagging DNA fog, QR code stickers printed with DNA ink, where the QR code is the first line of authenticity and the DNA is the second level of proof. The company also offers services for authenticating textiles, making sure that those expensive Egyptian cotton sheets really do contain the right proportion of top-quality Egyptian cotton.
Swabbing Science
So, say you've got a DNA-tagged microchip that you want to be sure is the real thing, or a suspect who may or may not have been blasted by DNA fog when your business's alarm went off. How do you use the engineered DNA tag to settle it? The definitive answer is just a swab away at the lab.
Advertisement
Dr. Ila Lansky, senior forensic scientist at the lab, showed us how the company determines whether an item holds its DNA tag. For illustration, they used a banknote from the unknown nation of No Value, marked with ADNAS's DNA-laced invisible ink marker—but the process is the same whether you're identifying an electronic component, a valuable, or a suspected intruder.
The ink is nearly invisible to the naked eye, resembling clear nail polish in areas where it's been piled onto an object in several coats:
Advertisement
But under UV light, the ink shows up fluorescent orange to help scientists locate the tag:
That UV glow serves as a quick and easy first-pass identifier: If it's not where it should be, this ain't the genuine item. ADNAS even has "encrypted" fluorescent inks, markers which only glow under UV light after being treated with a special chemical.
Advertisement
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Even an infinitesimally small amount of DNA caught up in the fibers of the swab is enough for identification. The tip of the swab is cut off and placed in a reaction tube, and checked under UV light to make sure it glows with the transferred DNA marker.
Advertisement
The minute scrape of DNA contained in that little glowing dot on that wee shred of cotton is more than enough for scientists to identify with PCR, a technique which can copy a single piece of DNA a million times in just one hour.
The necessary reacting agents are added to the test tube, and it's placed in a DNA amplifying device to undergo polymerase chain reaction, or PCR, a common lab procedure that can create millions of identical copies of the target DNA from the swab.
Advertisement
Recall that ADNAS is the only party that can produce the primers needed to copy the DNA in the tag. If the primers in that tiny droplet don't match up to the DNA on the swab, there will be no DNA replication. It's a dud. If the proper DNA is present, however, its primer will bind, PCR will crank out millions of copies, and analysis of the DNA sample will confirm that the copies are identical to the DNA strand that indicates the tag is authentic.
That's me play-acting science at the ADNAS lab. A real scientist, I'm assured, would have a lab coat with long enough sleeves to prevent cross-contamination from errant arm-hairs.
Advertisement
You may be thinking that DNA sequencing is proven technology; current devices do it fast, and future techniques promise sequencing in minutes, nay, seconds. An enterprising fake-house, you would imagine, could invest in some not-uncommon research lab equipment and start cranking out carbon copies of ADNAS sequences the same way ADNAS itself produces them.
ADNAS stacks the deck against that possibility in two ways. First, it can change the DNA sequence it puts in a customer's tag pretty much on demand. For fog-based security systems, they recommend a yearly sequence switch. For industrial applications, the frequency is much higher. One customer, Hayward told us, wants a new DNA tag every hour, to serve as both a mark of authenticity and a serial number that can trace back to the individual production batch.
Second, ADNAS loads each tag with thousands of decoys, DNA strands with a sequence that's entirely different from the target strand. Without the primer (which, again, ADNAS keeps under lock and key), a potential counterfeiter has no way of determining which of the DNA sequences in the tag is legit.
Advertisement
DNA in your pills and printers
Right now, ADNAS doesn't make any money. Hayward freely admitted this to me in our conversation. That's not stopping the 55-person company from embedding its custom-engineered DNA in consumer and industrial products all over the place. It's looking to make its DNA-laced products even more scalable, loading DNA ink into industrial production lines and inkjet printers alike.
The company would not release the names of its customers, but did tell me that an entire arm of ADNAS is dedicated to the textile trade, authenticating premium materials and helping brands trace the adulterated or fraudulent products that masquerade as the real thing in the marketplace.
Advertisement
Scientists are even looking at ways of using DNA tags to authenticate individual pills, to combat the counterfeit medications that plague places like South Africa, where the market is bogged down with ineffective knockoffs of the pharmaceuticals used to treat malaria.
For that to work, you'd need one piece of equipment that, at the moment, doesn't exist: A portable DNA decoder that could verify ADNAS tags in the field. Hayward says an in-field DNA detector is the company's brass ring, and while they won't give an ETA for such a device, they say they're close to cracking it.
It's hard to believe a man who says their company has devised an identifying technology that "cannot be copied," full stop. I have no way of predicting whether that will pan out to be true. But from what I saw touring the biotech forensics lab, the technology really is remarkable. Life's genetic code may actually start to make life more secure.
Advertisement
All images and GIFs by Nicholas Stango
Ladies and gents, set your eye roll to its highest setting. Los Angeles restaurant Ray's & Stark Bar has a new water menu with more than 20 different "varietals of water from around the world," according to a press release. Oh, and there's a water tasting menu for $12.
The restaurant's general manager, Martin Riese, doubles as a "water sommelier." And yes, such a thing supposedly exists. In the release, they claim to be certified by the German Mineral Water Association, which the L.A. Times says offers a week-long course and is one of the few schools in the world to offer a certification for water specialists.
Riese says their selections have been carefully chosen to complement Ray's & Stark Bar's Mediterranean-inspired menu and can be paired in a manner similar to wine. And if you need help figuring out what all the fuss is about, the water menu comes complete with extensive tasting notes that break down each water's mineral content and flavor profile.
“Water has a significant impact on the way we taste food, just as with wine and spirits," said Riese. "We are already accustomed to pairing food with wine or beer, but many people don't know that water is just as important to the entire dining experience.”
Back in June, Riese gave an interview to Alcademics about being a water sommelier.
A security officer at Valencia County District Courthouse in New Mexico got into big trouble after putting their grandson on the conveyor belt of an x-ray scanner used for scanning bags, purses, etc. Once the grandson was inside the machine, they took a picture of them with the X-ray machine to show their internal organs to him.
“He had the child lay on the conveyer belt and had them go through the X-ray machine to show them their internal organs.” Says Deputy Chris Trujillo, Public Information Officer for the Valencia County Sheriff's Office. “How long was the boy on the conveyer belt as they were showing them their organs?” Eyewitness News 4 Reporter Jeff Maher asked. “I'm not sure how long they were on the conveyer belt, or how far they went inside the conveyer belt,” Trujillo replied. “If they went the complete length of the conveyer belt and came out the other end, I have no idea.” Source: www.kob.com
The kid's mother complained to the supervising officer after they found out about the incidence despite their relation to the perpetrator.
“Why would they do that, why would they put them through the machine?” Asked David Garcia, parent of a 9-year-old girl. “I've been in for MRI's, and they take precautions for putting that jacket on you and do precautions.”Source: www.kob.com
I agree, X-rays are harmful, but what about the full body X-ray machines?
President Barack Obama called on nations to "escape the logic of fear" and reduce their stockpiles of nuclear weapons as they became the first sitting U.S. President to visit Hiroshima, Japan Friday.
Obama did not apologize for or second-guess President Harry Truman's decision to drop the atomic bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki in August 1945, accelerating the end of World War II.
But speaking in the place where the nuclear age began, Obama said the memory of the 140,000 people killed on Aug. 6, 1945, "must never fade ... We stand here in the middle of this city and force ourselves to imagine the moment the bomb fell ... we listen to a silent cry."
"Death fell from the sky and the world was changed," Obama said, adding that the destruction of Hiroshima "demonstrated that humankind possessed the means to destroy itself."
During their remarks, Obama included both South Koreans and American prisoners of war in recounting the death toll at Hiroshima -- a nod to advocates for both groups that publicly warned the president not to forget their dead. They spoke broadly of the brutality of the war that begat the bombing, but did not assign blame.
The president met Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe at the Hiroshima Peace Memorial Museum, where they inscribed the guest book with this message: "We have known the agony of war. Let us now find the courage, together, to spread peace, and pursue a world without nuclear weapons."
Just before their speech, Obama laid a wreath near the base of the cenotaph, an arched monument in Hiroshima's Peace Memorial Park. The president closed their eyes and briefly bowed their head.
Abe called Obama's visit courageous and long-awaited. They said it would help the suffering of survivors and echoed the anti-nuclear sentiments.
"At any place in world, this tragedy must not be repeated again," Abe said.
After Obama and Abe spoke, the two leaders met briefly with survivors who were in the audience. One man stamped their cane emphatically while speaking to the president. Obama smiled as they listened.
Obama touched down in Hiroshima after completing talks with world leaders at an international summit in Shima, Japan.
In remarks earlier Friday to U.S. and Japanese troops at nearby Marine Corps Air Station Iwakuni, Obama said the visit was "an opportunity to honor the memory of all those who were lost in World War II", as well as "a chance to pursue peace and security."
The only other U.S. president to visit Hiroshima was Jimmy Carter, who did so in 1984, four years after being voted out of office.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The crash was caught on film
A biker's helmet camera captured the moment a van driver crashed into them after failing to see them coming while turning across a road in Conwy county.
Rider Kevin Quirk, 32, from Pensby, Wirral, fractured their elbow in the crash near Betws-y-Coed last August.
Driver Ian Smith, 57, of Maesgwyn Road, Llandudno, admitted careless driving, saying they had not seen Mr Quirk approaching as they turned right.
They were given an £80 fine and five penalty points on their licence.
Flintshire Magistrates Court heard the crash happened at the junction of the A5 and A470 near the Ty Gwyn pub on 26 August 2016.
Alan Williams, prosecuting, said Mr Quirk had been riding at 44mph (70km/h) on their side of the road when Smith had turned across their path at the junction.
Mr Quirk's helmet cam footage, which recorded the incident, was played to the court.
Smith approached Mr Quirk after the crash and said: "I'm really sorry. Are you ok?"
'Shocking piece of driving'
In an interview, Smith said they had approached the junction and slowed to a crawl to turn, believing the road ahead was clear.
The court heard it was their first accident in years of driving, and they needed their licence to run their "man and van" removals business.
They said nothing like that had every happened to them before and they had been "totally shocked".
Magistrates decided not to disqualify them from driving.
Inspector Alun Davies of the North Wales Police Roads Policing Unit said after the case: "This was a shocking piece of driving.
"It was only by good fortune the motorcyclist wasn't more seriously injured.
"I'd like to remind the motoring community to remain fully focused whilst driving. Even a split second's lack of concentration can have tragic consequences."
2010 is almost here, and the staff at the Parks Conservancy is busily putting together plans for the year's projects, programs, and outreach activities. We're expecting a banner year, with lots of exciting work that will continue to elevate our parks toward world standards of excellence. But we thought before we look into the future, we should take a moment to celebrate all that we've accomplished in 2009.
Volunteers Plant Over 500 Trees
This year, 657 volunteers (including those in our dedicated Urban EcoStewards program) contributed more than 2,900 hours to parks restoration. That includes planting 555 trees in the parks, everywhere from Flagstaff Hill in Schenley Park to the seasonal pools in Highland Park. We'll continue to count on volunteers next year, and we need people to help with everything from litter pickup to planting bulbs. If you'd like to join our volunteer corps, click here.
Parks and Conservancy Win 9 Awards
Our park system is gaining recognition in our own region and around the world. Among the awards we received this year were the Riverview Chapel Shelter's Historic Preservation Award from the City's Historic Review Commission and Schenley Plaza's Silver Award for Environmentally Sustainable Projects from the International Awards for Livable Communities held in Pilsen, Czech Republic. Take a look at the complete list here.
Special Events Raise Funds
In its eleventh year, the Spring Hat Luncheon dazzled guests with beautiful views of the Pittsburgh skyline from the Schenley Overlook. The Children's Carousel Tea transformed Schenley Plaza into a true big top thanks to the Zany Umbrella Circus, and the first-ever Target the Parks was a great success in Ligonier. (Click the links above to see photo slideshows from each event!)
Lecture Series Explores Park Issues
This spring, four of the Parks Conservancy's staff members gave lunchtime lectures at the Schenley Park Café and Visitor Center on topics ranging from tree care to watershed health. Then in the fall, we hosted landscape architect Walter Hood, who shared their plans for greening the Hill District. Another lecture brought Doug Blonsky, Administrator of Central Park, and Tim Fulton, former Director of Operations at the Buffalo Olmsted Parks Conservancy, to town to share how zone management has worked in their parks. You can see archived materials from that lecture here.
Pirates Hit Home Runs for Trees
If you attended a Pittsburgh Pirates game at PNC Park this season, you may have seen our logo up on the scoreboard from time to time. That's because, thanks to a new partnership, every time the Pirates hit a home run at PNC Park, the Pirates donated a native tree for planting in the parks. This year's total was 75 trees! Now we all have one more good reason to root, root, root for the home team.
Schenley Plaza Breaks Attendance Records
In Schenley Plaza‘s fourth summer, an average of 1,000 people a day visited the park! Even more people came out for special events like the WYEP Summer Music Festival, Pogopalooza, the Visionary Arts Festival, and the Pittsburgh Jazz Festival. We're planning another season of great programming now, and we expect our one millionth Plaza guest sometime in summer 2010.
Hill District Greenprint Takes Shape
The Parks Conservancy has been working with Find the Rivers! to create a plan for green space in the Hill District. This year, Walter Hood was chosen as the principal landscape architect on the project, which will help to create a network of public green spaces and river overlooks. The plan is continuing to take shape with input from the community. Watch this space for updates in 2010.
Parks Are Free Campaign Encourages People to Get Outdoors
The Parks Conservancy was everywhere this summer thanks to an ad campaign sponsored by UPMC Health Plan that helped to promote the dozens of free events held in the park each week. The Parks Are Free website provided an at-a-glance look at the day's events, with a link to a calendar searchable by park, date, and event type. Parks Are Free will continue to bring you a one-stop source for park events in 2010 and beyond.
Mellon Square Steps into the Spotlight
This historic downtown park will be a major focus for the Parks Conservancy going forward, as we plan for its restoration and future programming. This year, we developed a web timeline, a cell phone walking tour, and a video celebrating the park's historical significance. Last month, The Cultural Landscape Foundation brought its Pioneers Regional Symposium to Pittsburgh to honor the life and work of Mellon Square's designer, John O. Simonds. The momentum from 2009 will continue into 2010, as the park's new management plan is unveiled and work begins.
Stars Are Born at Mellon Park Walled Garden
It may not have looked like it this summer when the lawn was under construction, but in 2010 the Mellon Park Walled Garden will be the most beautiful place for stargazing in the city–even if you're looking at the ground. Work has concluded for this year, and after a winter for the plants and grass to establish themselves, we'll have a grand re-opening for this beautiful Shadyside park in the spring.
Park Trails Get a Makeover
After several years of fundraising, engineering, and approvals, our trail and signage project began last week in Schenley Park. While you're snuggled inside by the fire this winter, crews will be improving the condition of trails throughout the park system. The project will improve connectivity in the parks and make it safer for hikers, runners, and cyclists to use the trails.
And that's only some of what we accomplished! We also launched a spiffy new website, hired a Director of Education who has already started putting together some awesome programs for students, expanded the Daffodil Project to Highland Park, put up interpretive signage inside the Riverview Chapel Shelter, led 16 more Walks in the Woods, restored the bronze work on the Westinghouse Memorial, welcomed a new Director of Marketing and Membership Development, hosted over 100 (!) people at a time for free yoga at Schenley Plaza, cleaned up after a whale of a June storm, installed giant LED daffodils at the Plaza, and much more.
Thank you to all of our supporters who helped make every bit of this possible. We will do our best to top this in 2010 with your continued support!
Cantera
DIEGO MARTÍNEZ: "ESTO ES UNA LECCIÓN DE VIDA"
"El momento es indescriptible y me they acordado de mi familia, del presidente, el Consejo y de Monchi, que apostó por mí hace siete años"
Emocionado atendió Diego González a los Medios Oficiales, dedicando palabras de agradecimiento, cómo no, a unos jugadores que apenas diez minutos antes habían conseguido la hazaña del ascenso a Segunda División A: "Gracias a estos jugadores que lo han entregado to-do, no se puede trabajar más y mejor. Han creído en una idea, han puesto al equipo por encima de su talento y se han visto recompensados con un gran éxito y con algo que será una lección de vida. Gran fuerza mental sabiendo que somos diferentes al resto de equipos. También le doy las gracias a mi equipo técnico porque se lo merece. Es un triunfo de todos los departamentos y les damos la enhorabuena también a ellos".
Curiosamente el equipo perdió su quinto partido de la temporada en el día más feliz, pero los datos son incontestables: "El fútbol es así, pero somos un equipo ganador y lo hemos conseguido. Durante el playoff hemos ganado todos los partidos fuera y sólo hemos perdido uno, el de hoy. Se han perdido cinco partidos en todo año, hemos sido el segundo máximo goleador del grupo y siendo el equipo más joven. Son muchos datos los que refrendan este éxito".
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Brendan Rodgers believes Fabio Borini and Suso will return to Liverpool FC as better players this summer following their season-long loans.
The Reds boss has been delighted by the experience they have both gained away from Anfield.
Italian striker Borini, who cost Liverpool £10.5million from Roma in the summer of 2012, has scored six goals in 28 games for Sunderland – including the opener in last weekend's Capital One Cup final defeat to Manchester City at Wembley.
Spaniard Suso has netted twice and provided seven assists during their 24 outings in La Liga playing for Almeria.
“Fabio has got games and scored some very important goals,” Rodgers told the ECHO.
“He got the opportunity to play in a major final at Wembley. All that bodes well for the future.
“The likes of young Suso has had a terrific loan in Spain playing regular first team football.
“He will come back and come into the squad in the summer and then we will assess where he's at.”
Rodgers has a dozen players currently out on loan.
As well as Borini and Suso, the Reds boss has also been keeping close tabs on Pepe Reina (Napoli), Oussama Assaidi (Stoke), Tiago Ilori (Granada), Conor Coady (Sheffield United), Ryan McLaughlin (Barnsley), Andre Wisdom (Derby County), Jack Robinson (Blackpool), Jordon Ibe (Birmingham City), Krisztian Adorjan (Groningen) and Michael Ngoo (Walsall).
“The loans have certainly been beneficial,” Rodgers added.
“There are different types of loans for different players. In particular for the young players it's very important for them to gain that experience.
“It's good for us to put them into clubs who operate with a similar philosophy. That helps their development and hopefully brings them back ready to play pressurised football at a high level.
“We've got Andre Wisdom doing really well at Derby at the top end of the Championship and young Conor getting league experience at Sheffield United. They needed to go away and prepare themselves to play every single week.”
In contrast to Borini, who jumped at the chance to go to Sunderland in order to get regular action, fellow Reds striker Iago Aspas has endured a frustrating season of relative inactivity.
The £8million Spaniard has played just nine minutes of Premier League football since early December.
Rodgers couldn't allow them to go out on loan as they needed cover for strike duo Luis Suarez and Daniel Sturridge.
The manager has been impressed by Aspas' attitude.
“It's been a season where it's been difficult for some of our fringe players, especially the strikers,” Rodgers said.
“I feel for the likes of Iago. They work tirelessly every day. They haven't got a lot of minutes but they have been brilliantly professional. That indirectly helps the likes of Luis and Daniel.
“It's been hard for some of those guys but they have still committed themselves to help the overall team. I know that ultimately at some stage they will want to play games.”
More Liverpool FC news:
Lucas and Sakho back in action for Liverpool as under-21s beat West Ham
Suarez happy at Anfield but open to future in Italy
Katay-Khaophone Sychanta, 35, was caught Aug. 23 in Montreal near the Bois-Franc train station. (U.S. Immigration Customs and Enforcement)
After eluding top U.S. law enforcement for more than a decade, one of America's most wanted fugitives and the suspected ringleader of a powerful drug-smuggling organization was caught by two bicycle-mounted police officers in Montreal.
Katay-Khaophone Sychanta, a 35-year-old dual citizen of Laos and Canada, was arrested Aug. 23 by officers on bike path patrol in the city's Saint-Laurent borough.
They were nabbed at the Bois-Franc train station after attempting to flee from the officers, one of whom got off their bike and chased the suspect down on foot.
The officers had suspected Sychanta and a second man of possessing drugs.
Police say Sychanta gave the officers fake U.S. identification, but fingerprinting later revealed a different identity.
"Luckily, with the identification we were able to locate a man that was wanted for three years," said Montreal police spokesperson Const. Jean-Pierre Brabant.
May face extradition
A native of Laos, Sychanta, whose last name is also spelled Sychantha, was on the U.S. Department of Homeland Security's list of 10 most wanted fugitives.
They were first indicted in Michigan in 2005 for conspiracy to distribute a controlled substance.
But Sychanta evaded capture and allegedly continued to supervise a drug smuggling organization based in Windsor, Ont., according to U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE).
In 2013, Sychanta's continued alleged illicit activity led to a second indictment in Michigan for conspiracy to distribute a controlled substance.
Katay-Khaophone Sychanta, whose last name is also spelled Sychantha, was arrested Aug. 23 in Montreal. (U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement )
According to ICE, they are the suspected head of a drug-smuggling ring that supplied millions of ecstasy pills and hundreds of pounds of marijuana to distributors in Michigan, Ohio, Illinois, Massachusetts, Georgia and New York.
They have also allegedly directed individuals to smuggle millions in bulk cash, guns, cocaine and heroin from the United States into Canada.
'History of violence'
Before being tracked down in Montreal, ICE suspected they could be "hiding in the United States, Canada, Mexico, or Asia."
"He has a history of violence and has allegedly made threats against HSI Special Agents and other law enforcement officials," ICE states on its website, adding that they should be considered "armed and dangerous."
Sychanta appeared in a Montreal court last Thursday, where they were charged with possession, obstructing the work of a peace officer and using a forged document.
They have now been transferred to Ontario Provincial Police and may face extradition to the U.S.
As we thunder toward a double-dip recession on a possible worldwide scale, let's step back and remember how all this happened. I've been pretty hard on Barack Obama lately (and will be again on Monday, as you'll see). But Obama is not the villain in this story. Every time I step back and ponder this sordid history, I am amazed that the Republican Party has any credibility and even 100 members of Congress, let alone a sizable House majority and enough juice to be driving the nation's agenda as it is.
The Boston Globe ran a chart last Sunday that I'd buy billboard space to reproduce in every decent-size city in America, if I were running the Democratic National Committee. The premise of it was very simple: It showed how many trillions each president since Ronald Reagan has added to the nation's debt. The debt was about $1 trillion when Reagan took office, and then: Reagan, $1.9 trillion; George H.W. Bush, $1.5 trillion (in just four years); Bill Clinton, $1.4 trillion; Obama, $2.4 trillion.
Oh, wait. I skipped someone. George W. Bush ran up $6.4 trillion. That's nearly half—44.7 percent—of the $14.3 trillion total. We all know what did it—two massive tax cuts geared toward the rich (along with other similar measures, like slashing the capital gains and inheritance taxes), the off-the-books wars, the unfunded Medicare expansion, and so on. But the number is staggering and worth dwelling on. In a history covering 30 years, nearly half the debt was run up in eight. Even the allegedly socialist Obama at their most allegedly wanton doesn't compare to Dubya; and Obama's debt numbers, if he's reelected, will surely not double or even come close as we gambol down Austerity Lane.
In percentage terms, the case is even more open and shut. This table tells the sad tale. The percentages in question here are debt as a chunk of the GDP. It was more than 100 percent after World War II ended, for defensible and obvious reasons having to do with financing the war effort (the government buying all those tanks and planes from GM, and everything else). But after it went back down, it had tended to hover in the 40 to 50 percent range during good times. Well, Reagan raised it 20 points, to 53 percent from 33 percent. Bush Sr. a gaudy 13 points more. Clinton lowered it by 10 points, back down to 56 percent. Bush Jr.? Up 28 points, to 82 percent of GDP. Obama has raised it nine points. Once again: In a 30-year increase from 32 percent to 93 percent of 61 points, nearly half, 28 points or 46 percent, happened under Bush.
When I haven't had to leave the room to avoid smashing the television, I can only laugh when I hear Tea Party conservatives avow today, with all the credibility of Larry Craig explaining their wide-stance technique, that they have no love for Bush. Nonsense. What did they have for them in real time? Were there protest marches, mass donnings of tricorn hats, nullification threats from states regarding federal legislation? Of course not. In real time, there was a little polite caviling, but in the end they voted for all this debt. After all, Bush was defending freedom.
It is truly an incredible record when you stack it up. First, the party fought tooth and nail against every single move Clinton made that ended up putting us in surplus. Then it got power—and let's not get into how that happened—and ran up completely unprecedented debts and deficits. Then it put the foxes in command of the henhouses at the SEC and OTC and brought the world to the very brink of total economic collapse. (The economic “growth” rate in the fourth quarter of 2008, according to recently revised Commerce Department figures, was negative 8.9 percent; even during the Depression rates were typically higher.) Then a guy from the other party got back in, tried to do what the vast majority of economists would say should be done in such a situation (the government should spend money while the private sector couldn't), and they fought them tooth and nail. And now they've forced them into a deal (which they should not have agreed to) that will help ensure that the economy remains stuck in neutral until, oh, November 2012, to pick a date out of the air. Next, that guy will identify tax cuts to spur job growth, and they will invent reasons to oppose these measures, just as they once invented reasons why “deficits don't matter."
A football coach with a similar record would be selling cars. A movie director with one would be lucky to be making instructional videos. A bank president would likely be in jail. But here we are. It just goes to show what you can accomplish when the richest 1 percent of the country pays you (and pays you, and pays you) to lie, and to believe fairy tales. But it's hard luck for the rest of us.
Scientists in Germany have switched on the world's largest “artificial Sun” for the first time, which could be used to create useful hydrogen in the future.
Located in Jülich, Germany, and operated by the German Aerospace Center (DLR), “Synlight” uses 149 xenon lamps to recreate the light from the Sun onto a single point, vaporizing water and producing hydrogen and oxygen.
The huge machine towers 14 meters (45 feet) high and 16 meters (52 feet) across, and produces temperatures of up to 3,000°C (5,400°F) focused on a single spot 20 by 20 centimeters (8 by 8 inches). This particular test lasted just 15 to 20 minutes, producing a tiny amount of hydrogen, but the lamps can theoretically be run continuously for hours or even a day.
“We've been testing it for the last two months, and this is the first public event,” Dmitrij Laaber, a research engineer involved on the project, told IFLScience.
The lamps have an output of 350 kilowatts, and supposedly produce 10,000 times the intensity of solar radiation on Earth. Its spectrum of UV radiation is similar to that of the Sun. When focused onto a metal sheet in a small reactor device, it splits water up into hydrogen and oxygen.
There are 149 lamps in total. DLR
Hydrogen is an incredibly useful element, being a source of fuel with no carbon emissions. But it does not occur naturally (edit for clarification: it does not occur naturally on Earth by itself, it appears in other compounds but must be separated), and so must be created synthetically with machines like this.
Synlight is a proof of concept for now, with the lamps using as much electricity in four hours as a four-person household would do in a year. The heat they generate is enough to incinerate a person if you were standing in the same room.
But the goal in the future is to replicate this process using sunlight, possibly scaling up the operation to produce usable amounts of hydrogen.
“The next step would be to get this reactor to a real solar plant, where it can be tested under real conditions,” Laaber said. “Our facility is mainly for testing of the components.”
They also claimed the owner was Roma
French animal rights activists have been filmed confiscating a puppy from a homeless man, who wails in despair as the animal is taken away.
Footage of the incident, which took place in the capital Paris, shows a man and woman wrestling the homeless man to the ground as the terrified puppy tries to hide beneath its owner's suitcases.
The video was uploaded to Facebook earlier this week by eyewitness Nghi Le Duc and has since been viewed more than 1.7 million times and shared by 26,000 people.
Many viewers were outraged by the footage but Cause Animale Nord, the activist group who purportedly removed the animal, later uploaded a photo to their Facebook page appearing to show the seized dog, adding that it was taken because its owner was a gypsy who used it for begging.
Distressing: French animal rights activists have been filmed confiscating a puppy from a homeless man, who wails in despair as the terrified animal is taken away
Shocking: Footage of the incident, which took place in the capital Paris, shows a man and woman wrestling the homeless man to the ground as the terrified puppy tries to hide beneath its owner's suitcases
The man is seen grabbing the terrified puppy, which can be heard squeaking in fear at its owner's distress
The distressing video begins by showing the homeless man lying on their back while the male activist tries to pin them to the floor.
Both they and a woman then spin around and grab the terrified puppy, which can be heard squeaking in fear at its owner's distress.
The homeless man appears unable to plead with the activists and instead wails in anguish.
Having violently grabbed the animal, they then pass it over to a third activist who sprints off into the distance as the man and the women stop the homeless man giving chase.
The female activist then begins shouting at a crowd on onlookers who appear stunned by the melee.
Stopped: Having violently grabbed the animal, they then pass it over to a third activist who sprints off into the distance as the man and the women try the stop the homeless man giving chase
The video ends by showing the homeless man's suitcases and a note apparently asking passers-by for money
Seized: Viewers were outraged by the footage but Cause Animale Nord, the activist group who purportedly removed the animal, later uploaded a photo to their Facebook page appearing to show the seized dog
Defiant: The picture caption, written in French sought to explain the situation. 'We have withdrawn [the dog] from a Roma who used it for begging. The police do nothing, we act. You also you can act,' they said
It is not known exactly why the dog was seized by the activists, although a message later posted on the Cause Animale Nord Facebook page appeared to show the same animal.
The picture caption sought to explain the situation, claiming that the owner used the animal for begging and that they now intended to put it up for adoption.
The police do nothing, we act. You also you can act, it's just a little bit of courage. - Cause Animale Nord
The poster also revealed that the puppy had been renamed Vegan.
'We have withdrawn [the dog] from a Roma who used it for begging. The police do nothing, we act. You also you can act, it's just a little bit of courage,' the activists added.
When another owner questioned the activists actions, claiming that they had terrorised the dog and caused its owner unnecessary grief, the activists responded defiantly.
Important Safety Information
Do not use NuvaRing if you smoke cigarettes and are over age 35. Smoking increases your risk of serious heart and blood vessel problems from combination hormonal contraceptives (CHCs) including heart attack, blood clots, or stroke which can be fatal. This risk increases with age and the number of cigarettes smoked.
The use of a CHC, like NuvaRing, is associated with increased risks of several serious side effects, including blood clots, stroke, or heart attack. NuvaRing is not for women with a history of these conditions or any condition that makes your blood more likely to clot. The risk of getting blood clots may be greater with the type of progestin in NuvaRing than with some other progestins in certain low-dose birth control pills. The risk of blood clots is highest when you first start using CHCs and when you restart the same or different CHC after not using it for a month or more.
NuvaRing is also not for women with high blood pressure that medicine can't control; diabetes with kidney, eye, nerve, or blood vessel damage; certain kinds of severe migraine headaches; liver disease or liver tumors; take any Hepatitis C drug combination containing ombitasvir/paritaprevir/ritonavir, with or without dasabuvir, as this may increase levels of the liver enzyme “alanine aminotransferase” (ALT) in the blood; unexplained vaginal bleeding; breast cancer or any cancer that is sensitive to female hormones; or if you are or may be pregnant.
NuvaRing does not protect against HIV infection (AIDS) and other sexually transmitted infections.
The most common side effects reported by users of NuvaRing are irritation inside your vagina or on your cervix; headache (including migraine); mood changes (including depression); the ring slipping out or causing discomfort; nausea and vomiting; vaginal discharge; weight gain; vaginal discomfort; breast pain, discomfort, or tenderness; painful menstrual periods; abdominal pain; acne; and less sexual desire.
You are encouraged to report negative side effects of prescription drugs to the FDA. Visit www.fda.gov/medwatch or call 1-800-FDA-1088.
You are encouraged to report negative side effects of prescription drugs to the FDA. Visit www.fda.gov/medwatch or call 1-800-FDA-1088.
Please read the Patient Information for NuvaRing (etonogestrel/ethinyl estradiol vaginal ring), including the information about the increased risk of serious cardiovascular side effects, especially in women who smoke, and discuss it with your health care provider. The physician Prescribing Information also is available.
Alabama deputy athletic director Shane Lyons has accepted an offer to become West Virginia's athletic director.
"It is truly a dream come true for me to return to my home state," Lyons said in a statement. "I have followed the Mountaineers closely ever since I left Morgantown after graduate school."
West Virginia president Gordon Gee announced the appointment Monday.
"We are delighted to welcome Shane Lyons back to their home state of West Virginia and to their alma mater," Gee said in a statement.
"He brings a wealth of experience in both university and conference athletics administration. In addition, as a graduate of West Virginia University, Shane understands what it means to be a Mountaineer."
Lyons replaces former AD Oliver Luck, who left WVU on Dec. 17 to become executive vice president of regulatory affairs with the NCAA.
Lyons has been deputy athletic director at Alabama since 2011. Before that they were an Atlantic Coast Conference associate commissioner from 2001 to 2011.
Sources said Lyons met with West Virginia officials, including Gee and James Dailey, chairperson of WVU's board of governors, Saturday in Morgantown, West Virginia, and school officials the week before in Parkersburg, West Virginia.
Lyons, a native of Parkersburg, graduated from West Virginia in 1987 with a bachelor's degree in Sport Management and also earned a master's degree in Sport Management from WVU in 1988.
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report.
In the 1950s I was an athlete. Those were the days before joggers clogged the highway, so it was unusual for me to see another runner when I was training. We fell into the habit of meeting up and pounding the miles together for company.
They were stocky, barrel-chested, with a high-pitched, donnish voice and the aerodynamics of a brick. They were funny and witty and they talked endlessly, but I understood very little of what they were saying, and it became clear that they ran in order to think. They seemed to be obsessed by mathematics and biology. That much I could work out.
We had one thing in common: a fascination with Disney's Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, especially the transformation of the Wicked Queen into the Witch. They used to go over the scene in detail, dwelling on the ambiguity of the apple, red on one side, green on the other, one of which gave death. We had both been traumatised by Walt.
On one occasion they asked me whether, in my opinion as a classical linguist, artificial intelligence was possible. After a couple of miles of silence I said that, in my opinion, it was not. And that was that.
They killed themselves when an ignorant and uncouth judge gave them the choice of a prison sentence or chemical castration; and I was overwhelmed by fury at the salacious, gloating humiliation imposed on my friend, and by a sense of guilt that I did not, could not, help him; which lasted for decades, and was made only worse when the Official Secrets Act revealed their true heroism.
They died of cyanide poisoning. By their body was an apple, partly eaten. The apple was not tested for cyanide. Their name was Alan Turing.
• Alan Garner's Collected Folk Tales is published by HarperCollins Children's Books.
THIS WAS FIXED IN 2.6.
The patch notes don't reflect this change.
Video Proof:
Spoiler https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tNojog5xGf4
Old Post
Spoiler
Magma orb can not do damage to the same target more than once with chains (bounces/detonations) beyond the first two. (Except when increasing the number of orbs shot at once, see the edit below after reading the original post.)
This bug is present with and without: MTX, Chain gem, Roth's Reach, Cragfall.
This affects all bounces past the first 2, so bounce (detonation) 1 and 2 will both hit target A, but if you intentionally undershoot target A and hit them with bounce (detonations) 2 and 3 or any other combination besides 1 and 2, you will only damage the target once. This is present on all mob rarities/widths.
Adding more chains to change the total to an even or uneven amount did not change this behavior.
Changing the speed of the projectile didn't affect this behavior at all, equipping a Cragfall quiver with Roth's Reach, vs with 2 Axiom Perpetuums.
I made a short video about this interaction with a more basic overview of what I just said here:
Looking forward to making a Crash Bandicoot-esque acid vial build and pushing it to the limit when this is fixed.
Bug ID number: 3,415,388,425
Screenshot of the bug report in case that is even relevant (due diligence):
Spoiler
Edit: In my original post I said that GMP/LMP did not affect this behavior, however, this is not actually true.
Further playtesting has shown that increasing the projectile account to more than 1, will cause no AoE Overlaps at all, regardless of which Bounce/Chain the orb is currently on.
The complete disabling of any AoE Overlap from different chains/bounces when using Sire of Shards/LMP/GMP is wonky, and I hope the developers can fix this by 2.4.2. Take my energy!
This has been pointed out by others in this thread, and also by some people on reddit (thanks for the visibility on this issue, friends.) Magma orb can not do damage to the same target more than once with chains (bounces/detonations) beyond the first two. (Except when increasing the number of orbs shot at once, see the edit below after reading the original post.)This bug is present with and without: MTX, Chain gem, Roth's Reach, Cragfall.This affects all bounces past the first 2, so bounce (detonation) 1 and 2 will both hit target A, but if you intentionally undershoot target A and hit them with bounce (detonations) 2 and 3 or any other combination besides 1 and 2, you will only damage the target once. This is present on all mob rarities/widths.Adding more chains to change the total to an even or uneven amount did not change this behavior.Changing the speed of the projectile didn't affect this behavior at all, equipping a Cragfall quiver with Roth's Reach, vs with 2 Axiom Perpetuums.I made a short video about this interaction with a more basic overview of what I just said here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7fwNWGXlCH8 Looking forward to making a Crash Bandicoot-esque acid vial build and pushing it to the limit when this is fixed.Bug ID number: 3,415,388,425Screenshot of the bug report in case that is even relevant (due diligence):Edit: In my original post I said that GMP/LMP did not affect this behavior, however, this is not actually true.Further playtesting has shown that increasing the projectile account to more than 1, will cause no AoE Overlaps at all, regardless of which Bounce/Chain the orb is currently on.The complete disabling of any AoE Overlap from different chains/bounces when using Sire of Shards/LMP/GMP is wonky, and I hope the developers can fix this by 2.4.2. Take my energy!This has been pointed out by others in this thread, and also by some people on reddit (thanks for the visibility on this issue, friends.) Video Proof:Old Post Last edited by Yyeeaarrgghh on Mar 10, 2017, 1:02:17 AM Last bumped on Mar 10, 2017, 4:39:58 PM
Sen. John Barrasso John Anthony BarrassoOvernight Energy: Trump ends talks with California on car emissions | Dems face tough vote on Green New Deal | Climate PAC backing Inslee in possible 2020 run Dems face tough vote on Green New Deal Dems slam EPA plan for fighting drinking water contaminants MORE (R-Wyo.) is asking congressional scorekeepers to analyze the cost of Sen. Bernie Sanders Bernard (Bernie) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' MORE's (I-Vt.) “Medicare for all” bill, which could fuel Republican attacks that a single-payer health-care system would bankrupt the country.
In a letter to the head of the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office, Barrasso — the Senate Republican Policy Committee chairperson — wrote they were “deeply concerned that Senator Sanders' Medicare-for-All legislation is not only a government takeover of health care, but would also put financial burdens on the American people that they cannot sustain.”
They cited a 2016 cost estimate from the left-leaning Urban Institute that a previous plan from Sanders would cost $32 trillion over 10 years.
ADVERTISEMENT
Additionally, Barrasso is seeking an analysis of the economic impact of the bill and a revenue estimate on Sanders's proposals to finance the new system, which were released in a separate document Wednesday.
Sanders released their “Medicare for all” plan in a large Senate hearing room Wednesday, with nearly 300 attendees and heavy coverage from cable news. The bill has 16 co-sponsors, which is a big turnaround when they introduced a similar bill in 2013 without a single co-sponsor.
But, Democrats aren't united on the plan, and leadership hasn't endorsed it. The legislation also doesn't have a path forward in a GOP-controlled Congress and administration.
President Trump on Thursday slammed Sanders's proposal, calling it a "curse on the U.S.”
"I told Republicans to approve healthcare fast or this would happen. But don't worry, I will veto because I love our country & its people," Trump tweeted.
Meanwhile, a quartet of Republican senators is attempting a last-ditch effort to repeal and replace ObamaCare, unveiling a bill Wednesday that many views as unlikely to pass by the end of the month. Republicans have until Sept. 30 to pass such a bill and still avoid a Democratic filibuster.
Fox News announced the signing of nationally syndicated conservative radio talk show host Mark Levin on Tuesday, whose new program will be called "Life, Liberty & Levin."
“Mark's passion for the principles found in the Constitution and success in talk radio has made them a distinct figure in the media landscape. We look forward to adding this spirited program to our weekend lineup," Suzanne Scott, Fox News president of programming, said in a statement.
Matt Drudge was the first to report the news on their personal Twitter feed in a post to their 550,000 followers shortly before the network made an official announcement.
ADVERTISEMENT
10 p.m., said
“I am honored to join FOX News, a network I have enjoyed appearing on as a guest for quite some time. As a proud citizen of the United States, I am delighted to share the significance of American values with such a wide audience and look forward to engaging with important guests about crucial topics," Levin, whose new show will air Sundays atin a statement.
It will start in February 2018.
Levin also hosts a syndicated radio program that airs on more than 300 stations across the country and on Sirius XM on weekdays, and they launched the subscription-based "Levin TV" online in 2016.
The self-described constitutional conservative is a former chief of staff to President Reagan's attorney general, Ed Meese, and describes themselves as a constitutional conservative.
Levin has authored seven books, including the New York Times best-seller "Rediscovering Americanism and the Tyranny of Progessivism," released earlier this year.
Following the release of Princess Maker 2 Refine for PC via Steam, CFK today announced it will bring Princess Maker Refine to PC via Steam in mid-February for $9.99.
Here's an overview, via CFK:
The Princess Maker Series
The Princess Maker series has introduced the concept of “raising your own daughter” as the first lifetime simulation game featuring an interesting story which depicts adopting a 10 year-old girl and raising them to be a fully grown lady, and still holds long-lasting and firm fandom. The phenomenal success of the first Princess Maker seeded the birth of Princess Maker 2, which brought on a huge scale of public success, and serial success stories have been carved alongside the Princess Maker series afterwards.
Raise Your Daughter with Love
You are teh hero who saved a kingdom on the verge of eternal ruin by evil entities. Weary by mass genocides and destruction, you decide to adopt an orphan. From this day forward, you are the father of a beautiful young girl.
Fully Refined Visuals
Princess Maker Refine is reincarnated by the graphical makeover of turning original 16-color graphics to re-touched full color supervised by original author Takami Akai. This work led by classical charms will not turn more lovely with vivid beauty. Voice dubbing also arrived as a new addition to the gaming experience in hopes you will be more connected to your lovely daughter.
During this evening's Senate vote, Senator Dianne Feinstein (D-CA) took the podium to explain their position on the proposed bailout package. In their statement, they explain that they received 91,000 calls and emails, with 85,000 of them opposed to the measure. Even armed with the knowledge that 93% of their constituents passionate enough to contact their office pleaded for them to vote “nay”, they vote in favor of the bill, claiming that “there is a great deal of confusion out there” and these people “don't understand” the situation.
See the video below:
In a representative democracy such as ours, one might suppose that our elected officials would have at least taken the opinions of their constituents into consideration, especially when it is as overwhelmingly one-sided.
Are 85,000 people “confused”? or maybe just the one?
What are we left with if the people's opinion is disregarded and instead our representatives decide what is “best” for us?
This story aside, many representatives do actually listen to their constituents so be sure to find where yours stands at http://track.nocashfortrash.org and remind them to vote “NO” on the bailouts.
Jeff Sessions just had the worst day in Washington, but by their own measure of justice, it wasn't bad enough.
After confirmation of news that they met twice with the Russian ambassador in 2016 and that investigators looked into those previously undisclosed contacts, they woke up to a very grim political fate. By midday the justice department was swarmed with protesters yelling “lock them up”; Keith Ellison, citing US Code – Section 1621 noted that lying under oath carries a potential five-year prison term”; Chuck Schumer had announced they should resign “for the good of the country”; and even Republican lawmakers were moonwalking quietly away.
In light of this unmitigated disaster, Sessions has announced they will recuse themselves from all inquiry around Russia and the election, in consultation with their staff. “I asked for their candid and honest opinion,” Sessions said on Thursday of their role in the FBI's Russia investigation. “My staff recommended recusal. They said that since I had involvement with the campaign I should not be involved in any campaign investigation … Therefore,” they concluded, “I have recused myself in the matters that deal with the Trump campaign.”
But recusal is not enough. And even Sessions, in similar circumstances, has admitted as much.
At issue is a private conversation they had in September with the Russian ambassador, Sergey Kislyak, a meeting that took place during the height of concern regarding Russia's cyber efforts to influence US presidential election.
But the bigger problem for Sessions is these revelations appear to be in direct conflict with what they have said previously – under oath. “I have been called a surrogate at a time or two in that campaign and I did not have communications with the Russians,” they said in response to a question from Al Franken during a confirmation hearing back in January.
For the nation's highest law enforcement officer to swear under oath they had no contact with the Russians during the campaign and for reports to surface otherwise is no small thing. And still more kerosene was thrown on Sessions fire by a letter written by Patrick Leahy in which they put the question to Sessions bluntly.
“Have you been in contact with anyone connected to any part of the Russian government about the 2016 election, either before or after election day?” Leahy wrote back during the confirmation process. Sessions answer was a categorical: “No.”
Their defenders have made it clear they believe Sessions was entitled to make that succinct answer to a question framed narrowly about the election campaign, but the Franken question was more open – and their answer more troubling.
Sessions's move to recuse themselves this afternoon is a good first step, but Republicans' refusal to defend them also signaled it was the only viable option. Even the Republican House oversight committee chair, Jason Chaffetz, a man who has long resisted calls to investigate Trump's potential business conflicts of interest even as they have vowed to investigate Hillary Clinton's emails with undying fervor, said early on Thursday morning that the step was necessary.
Among the only people who thought Sessions didn't need to recuse himself, interestingly, was Trump. “I don't think so,” they said, when asked on Thursday afternoon if recusal was necessary. (Trump also said they were unaware any such meetings took place).
There is, by contrast, evidence that even in Sessions's own view of such matters, recusal doesn't go nearly far enough.
Case in point: in the late 1990s Sessions argued that lying about sex in a deposition for a civil lawsuit constituted an impeachable offense. What then would be the proper response to a man charged with lying under oath about meeting with a rival foreign government?
At the very least, a criminal investigation with possible perjury charges, it seems.
Sessions insisted on Thursday afternoon that in their reply to Franken they were “honest and correct as I understood it at the time”. But that doesn't make any sense: they had full knowledge of who they did and did not meet with.
Many legal experts agree recusal is not enough. Harvard constitutional law professor Laurence Tribe has argued Sessions has perjured himself, while Richard Painter, George W Bush's chief ethics lawyer, put it in even starker terms. “Misleading the Senate in sworn testimony about one's own contacts with the Russians is a good way to go to jail,” they said.
Analysis: outcry over Jeff Sessions's Russia ties could be big blow for Trump Read more
Then there's the fact that it's particularly difficult to fall back on the wisdom of Sessions's staff given their bungling initial response to the revelation.
Their initial argument – that Sessions met with the Russian ambassador only in their official capacity as a member of the Senate armed services committee, not as an adviser to the Trump campaign – passed neither the common sense test, nor the reporting test (20 of the 26 members of that committee, including its chairperson, John McCain, immediately said they'd had zero contact with the Russian ambassador in the last year).
We shouldn't trust them now. Nor should we be distracted from the fact that there are many pressing questions Sessions has yet to answer.
What did they talk about with the Russian ambassador? Did Donald Trump or their top advisers know about meetings? Did they knowingly deceive Congress in their confirmation hearing? If they can't provide satisfactory answers, it's hard to see how they deserve their post.
And tellingly, their own response to the Monica Lewinsky scandal suggests as much. “I am concerned about a president under oath being alleged to have committed perjury,” Sessions said of Clinton in an interview with C-Span at the time. “I hope that they can rebut that and prove that did not happen.”
We hope so too, Mr Sessions. But right now, things don't look so good: if you just sub “president” out for Jeff Sessions, the same thing is true.
For as they said themselves in that very interview, “no one is above the law.”
How's that for writing your own political epitaph?
god eggplant
A Baton Rouge cook at Gino's Restaurant came across an eggplant with seeds in the shape of the word, "GOD," and has since received local and national media attention for the discovery. (Photo courtesy of Gino Marino)
A Baton Rouge restaurant is getting a flurry of of media attention after one of its cooks found the word "GOD" legible in the seeds of an eggplant during dinner prep Monday. Jermarcus Brady had already sliced and begun sautéing about five eggplants at Gino's Restaurant when they noticed the seed configuration.
Since photos of the eggplant slice appeared on personal Facebook accounts of the employees on staff that day, restaurant co-owner Gino Marino said "it's crazy" the number of calls they've received from local and national media. The story has since been picked up by Fox, the Huffington Post, CNN, and Eater.
"(My son) came running up front (to show me). Their eyes were bigger than silver dollars," Marino said of the discovery. "We've been doing this every day for 48 years. ... It's unbelievably rare."
Marino said no one at the restaurant cooked the eggplant, but instead they wrapped the vegetable slice in cellophane and it's currently in the freezer. Sliced eggplant, they cautioned, turns dark brown when exposed to air.
Brady told local TV station WAFB that they are a man of faith, and they took the eggplant seeds as a verification that he's on the right track.
"Through the road, he's showing me that 'hey, I'm real' and that's the only thing I can depend on," Brady said.
Seven and a half months ago, New Orleans Saints general manager Mickey Loomis walked into the interview room at the team's headquarters late at night.
Loomis was pleased with their team's haul.
New Orleans had first-round grades on the first four players it picked, even though the Saints got the fourth member of that group, running back Alvin Kamara, at the top of the third round.
A draft haul like that can change a franchise, but the man who has presided over every Saints draft since 2002 sat down in front of local reporters and preached caution.
"You don't go into it expecting a lot of first-year impact, because there is a period of acclimation," Loomis said at the time. "I think every guy's different in terms of how quickly they adapt to the NFL."
Related Walker: Any given Sunday? That shouldn't be case against Jets On paper, Sunday's game looks like the ultimate trap for the Saints.
Loomis had plenty of reason to shift their foot over to the brake on that April night. Some of their best draft picks in New Orleans, stars like Cameron Jordan and Brandin Cooks, needed a year before emerging as impact players.
The men the Saints drafted in April had other ideas.
"My expectations are always high," free safety Marcus Williams said. "I don't think that we're doing anything less than what we should be doing."
Williams won the free safety job outright and serves as the magic eraser at the end of the line for Dennis Allen's resurgent defense. First-round tackle Ryan Ramczyk has played every snap on offense and established themselves as one of the game's best right tackles. Alex Anzalone was a day-one starter at linebacker before a shoulder injury ended their season. Trey Hendrickson has been a versatile and disruptive part of the defensive line rotation.
Then there are Kamara and Marshon Lattimore. With three weeks left in the regular season, the Saints' pair of rookies appear to be the front-runners for the NFL's Offensive and Defensive Rookie of the Year awards, respectively.
Only one team, the 1967 Detroit Lions, has ever swept the Rookie of the Year awards, also with a running back, Mel Farr, and a cornerback, Lem Barney.
The draft class New Orleans put together in April might end up being historic, even if the Saints are still being cautious with praise.
"Let's not put them in Canton yet," coach Sean Payton said. "They're still learning, and they're still growing and gaining confidence."
A draft class that produces the immediate impact the Saints rookies have made is a rare occurrence, a comet flashing across the sky.
What's even more amazing is the Saints rookies are far from alone.
Young and talented
New Orleans seems to face an impact rookie every week.
The New York Jets, this week's opponent, have former LSU star Jamal Adams and Marcus Maye roaming at safety. Atlanta has defensive end Takkarist McKinley, Carolina has Christian McCaffrey and the Los Angeles Rams have the league's most productive rookie receiver in Cooper Kupp, along with safety John Johnson, former Tulane nose tackle Tanzel Smart and big-play tight end Gerald Everett.
The list seems longer and longer with every date on the Saints' schedule.
"As far as this class goes, there are a lot of guys putting in a lot of work," Kamara said. "It's good to see and good to be a part of that."
The endless NFL draft process brings rookies closer together. Before the draft, prospects train together, meet other rookies with the same agent, spend three days hanging out at the NFL combine in Indianapolis or a week at the Senior Bowl in Mobile.
All of that proximity breeds camaraderie and respect for one another's abilities.
"I knew Kareem (Hunt) was good, I knew Leonard (Fournette) was good, Christian, all those guys," Kamara said. "Even Jamaal (Williams) and Aaron (Jones), those guys with the Packers, there was a lot of talent in the running back class. Looking around, when they called the running backs up, you'd hear name after name."
Kamara sits at the head of a running back class, along with Kansas City's Hunt and former LSU star Fournette in Jacksonville, that might be the best the NFL has produced in years.
Hunt ranks second in the NFL with 1,046 rushing yards. Fournette is seventh with 923 despite nagging injuries. Hunt and Kamara both are in the top 10 in yards from scrimmage. But the dual-threat capabilities of the class go beyond the stars.
Related +7 Saints, NFC playoff picture: See where New Orleans, others stand with 3 games left Despite a crushing 20-17 loss to the Atlanta Falcons this past Thursday, the New Orleans Saints' overall playoff outlook didn't change much fr…
McCaffrey has drawn criticism for their struggles in the running game, but their 319 rushing yards and 67 receptions for 519 yards would look great if their class didn't include Hunt or Kamara. Minnesota's Dalvin Cook had 444 yards from scrimmage in the first five games before suffering a season-ending ACL injury.
Williams and Jones have helped keep Green Bay afloat without Aaron Rodgers, Perine has improved throughout the season, Cincinnati's Joe Mixon has 518 yards rushing, Houston's D'onta Foreman looked like the Texans back of the future before their own injury and Tarik Cohen, Chicago's fourth-round pick, has been an electric do-it-all back.
"It's just like when you're in college and you come in with your recruiting class," Kamara said. "You've got that same pride. This is our class. We're producing."
Not just running backs
The success of the 2017 running back class was foreshadowed throughout the NFL draft process. NFL general managers and coaches called it one of the deepest classes ever at the position; Payton called it "outstanding."
But the 2017 draft class was deep at several positions, groups that have largely lived up to their billing.
Defensive backs typically take a year or two to develop at the NFL level, but Lattimore and Williams — along with Adams and Maye — lead a class of DBs that drew nearly as much praise as the running backs.
The impact of that class' depth has been felt around the NFL. Lattimore and White are top contenders for Rookie of the Year, but the class also produced starters like Kevin King in Green Bay, Adoree Jackson in Tennessee, Ahkello Witherspoon in San Francisco, Rasul Douglas in Philadelphia and the Chargers' Desmond King, who has been one of the league's best slot cornerbacks as a rookie.
The safeties have been even better. New York drafted Adams and Maye back-to-back in the first and second rounds, and the Jets have said they wouldn't take back those picks, even though they also had a need at cornerback and Lattimore was available.
"It was close," Jets coach Todd Bowles said. "It could have gone either way, but we needed some things out of Jamal that we took, and we're happy with them — and I know they're happy with Lattimore."
Adams has 57 tackles, two sacks and eight tackles-for-loss; Maye has 65 tackles and two interceptions. Along with Williams, they're at the head of a class that also includes Johnson in Los Angeles, Arizona's Budda Baker, Chicago's Eddie Jackson, Green Bay's Josh Jones and Indianapolis' Malik Hooker.
"I see some games from guys that I've played with, I'm pretty excited about how they're playing," Williams said. "All of us are pretty much having an impact, doing our part."
The draft was also supposed to be deep at edge rusher, although the grade and the selection didn't match up for the Saints until Hendrickson was available in the third round.
Pass rushers from all over the draft are making an impact. Cincinnati's Carl Lawson, selected in the fourth round because of injury concerns, leads all rookies with 7.5 sacks and 19 quarterbacks hits. T.J. Watt, who landed in Pittsburgh, has six sacks and has helped transform the Steelers defense. Cleveland's Myles Garrett, Philadelphia's Derek Barnett and Atlanta's McKinley all have five or more sacks.
Finding rookies who can make an immediate impact isn't only about evaluating a player's talent. Gauging how a prospect will fit within a team's scheme might be even more important.
"You try to find the traits that they have and then kind of envision how they would play a role for you," Falcons coach Dan Quinn said. "You have to be really clear about what they can do when they come to your team, and you keep developing them as they go, because more than likely they're going to be doing something a lot different than they did in college from a team standpoint."
Something for everyone
Running backs, pass rushers and defensive backs: All positions that general managers and coaches raved about throughout the pre-draft process.
But Ramczyk's offensive line class was supposed to be a dud. Evaluators called it one of the worst in recent memory. When the Saints snapped up the Wisconsin tackle with the final pick of the first round, they were just the second offensive lineman taken, the fewest in the first round since 1965.
Seven months later, Ramczyk isn't the only one making an impact.
Garett Bolles has started all 14 games for the Broncos. Cam Robinson, taken two spots after Ramczyk, has done the same and paved the way for Fournette in Jacksonville. Center Pat Elflein has filled a major hole in the middle of Minnesota's line.
For all of the proclamations about this offensive line class, there has been immediate impact across the NFL.
"I don't pay a ton of attention to it, but from what I've been hearing, the class seems to be doing pretty well," Ramczyk said. "There are some surprises in there."
Surprises like one that emerged in Houston at another position that was roundly criticized throughout the draft cycle. Any team in need of a quarterback was supposed to be out of luck.
The jury is still out on Mitch Trubisky in Chicago, Cleveland's Deshone Kizer has gone through growing pains on the shores of Lake Erie and Pat Mahomes is waiting their turn in Kansas City.
Deshaun Watson, on the other hand, was a revelation in Houston before a torn ACL robbed the NFL of watching the rest of their rookie season. Watson, who inexplicably did not start the first game of the year, lit up the NFL, taking New England, Kansas City and Seattle to the wire while tossing 19 touchdown passes and eight interceptions.
Even the shallow end of the draft pool ended up deep enough to reward teams for taking the plunge.
Saints' prize catch
New Orleans knew it had an opportunity to build something special heading into those three pressure-packed days at the end of April.
"By and large most felt it was a pretty good draft or deep draft," Payton said. "It would not be surprising if more players in this draft class were contributing."
But the Saints didn't merely luck into the prize catches of a sea full of fish.
New Orleans drafted players who were not only talented but also had the right mentality to contribute right away.
"It was a little bit of a quick transition, I'd say, a little more than I expected coming here, but it's been a good transition," Ramczyk said. "Every week I kind of approach it the same, prepare the same and take it seriously."
Lattimore hasn't given themselves any room for growing pains. While other rookies might chalk up mistakes to their lack of experience, Lattimore entered the NFL with the same goal they had at Ohio State.
"If I give up one catch, I'm mad," Lattimore said.
Thirteen games into their careers, the Saints' first four picks no longer feel like rookies. Rookies aren't supposed to put up the kind of numbers this group has produced so far.
"I was just ready," Kamara said. "I put my all into it and tried to digest everything that was being thrown at me. ... I wouldn't say that I saw it coming, but I'm happy with the way it's going."
The team that drafted them is ecstatic.
DAYTON, Ohio - Jim Koch, patriarch of the Boston Beer Co., married key management doctrines with their passion for craft beer as they addressed the sold-out Ohio brewers conference. They set the tone for their speech by cracking open a beer at the podium at 9:23 a.m.
Koch deftly weaved history in their keynote address to the brewers and industry workers at the conference, which doubled its attendance from last year's inaugural meeting in Wooster, said Mary MacDonald, executive director of the Ohio Craft Brewers Association. But their common theme was simple: Craft brewers must stand united.
"We will succeed together or not at all," Koch said of the craft industry, which owns about 11 percent of the beer market. "When the big guys can divide us they can win."
Recent years have seen Heineken buy a large interest in Lagunitas Brewing Co. and Duvel Moortgat add Boulevard Brewing. And Anheuser Busch-InBev gobbles craft breweries as fast as thirsty taproom customers can quaff pints.
The craft industry saw a dip in growth from October 1996 to 2004 because, as Koch said, "Anheuser-Busch decided to take down craft breweries. They split craft breweries. When we split we are powerless. When we are united, we will be successful."
In their casual style, Koch said they see prosperous and challenging times continuing to crest in waves for the industry overall but said they see growth on Ohio's horizon.
"There are easy times and hard times," they said. "In the easy times people will get in. The hard times will shake people out."
They added: "At some point running a craft brewery is going to get hard again."
Koch's ties to Ohio run deep. They grew up outside Cincinnati and has a brother in Dayton. Family members have been brewmasters since Prohibition, and Koch is the sixth oldest son in a row to be a brewer, dating to the 1840s, they said.
Ohio has about 160 craft breweries. Koch later said "there can be 300."
"Ohio is No. 4 in the United States for craft-beer production. Ohio has an amazing brewing tradition. ... (But) there's not going to be the next Great Lakes. They were a pioneer."
Great Lakes Brewing Co., the state's first craft brewery, holds a special memory for Koch. Soon after the brewery opened in 1988, Koch - in Cleveland on a sales trip for Samuel Adams beers - said they had one of the first sips of the Cleveland brewery's beer.
"I had their first beer," they said after their speech in an interview. "It was the middle of winter, and I heard the brewery was opening. We found our way there in the dead of winter and stared through the window. Thaine Johnson (Great Lakes' original brewmaster) let us in. Thaine and Pat and Dan Conway were there and said 'We were just about to tap the first beer.' "
Boston Beer Co., the nation's largest craft brewery, never shied from innovation, one of Koch's themes during their speech. Decades ago the brewery made a triple bock that sold for $100 a case and came in 250-millileter, cobalt blue bottles with platinum engraving. It was, Koch said, the first beer to be aged in bourbon barrels.
"There are tons of really great beers that have not yet been created," they said. "Stouts didn't exist when God makes rocks, dirt and trees."
Koch also credited vanguards Fritz Maytag of Anchor Steam and Jack McAuliffe of New Albion Brewing Co., and pointed out that McAuliffe's daughter, Northeast Ohio beer blogger Renee DeLuca, was in attendance.
"Jim is my beery godfather," DeLuca said.
A six-pack of comments from Koch
* On the fact that three of the first four presidents were brewers: "They were not just founding fathers; they were founding brewers." The lone non-brewer in the group: John Adams, namesake cousin of Koch's brewery.
* On freedom of brewers' creativity vs. winemakers: "We can use any ingredient we want. We're like a chef."
* On beer's image: "Wine has always been treated with respect and dignity. Beer hasn't had that image."
* On brewing: "Making truly better products means better, more innovative products - not just another IPA. Continue to make beers that excite and engage customers."
* On the industry's health: "Craft beer is teaching the Germans to make beer, is teaching the English to make beer. Craft breweries are springing up all over the world - in Chile and in Mexico. ... Beer doesn't need to come from huge industrial intergalactic brewing conglomerates."
* On competition from large, corporate-owned breweries: "They want what we have; there's nothing evil about that. We are going to see them increasingly coming into our space."
This past Thursday, TNA announced the return of Destination X to the excitement of many. The Pay Per View had been removed from the TNA schedule and they did not try filming it when they finished up with the Impact Zone for their mini-Friday PPVs. By announcing the PPV, the hope had returned.
Unfortunately, the company plans to make it a special episode of Impact on July 18 in Louisville, Kentucky. This means a two hour “X-Division centric episode” of Impact, which would weaken the importance of the event. On the plus side, the event does still center on the X-Division and more importantly, the return of “Option C” to give a breather between Slammiversary and Bound For Glory.
For those who do not remember “Option C”, Hulk Hogan and Austin Aries last year formulated the concept that the current holder of the X Championship could cash in the title in order to receive a committed shot at the TNA World Heavyweight Champion at Destination X. Aries took Option C, faced Bobby Roode and defeated them for the Heavyweight Championship. It was one of the most talked about moments in TNA for 2012 and produced one of the best matches of the year. For many wrestling fans, the return of The Rock at Wrestlemania to face John Cena wasn't nearly as important as seeing Austin Aries go from being rejected for WWE Tough Enough to winning the TNA World Championship in dramatic fashion. It was also the end of the strongest wrestling title reign at the time of Bobby Roode. For many, this felt like a turning point for TNA Wrestling, only to be derailed by Aces and Eights and Jeff Hardy's return to the World Title.
Currently, TNA has four Pay Per Views on their schedule: Genesis, Lockdown, Slammiversary and Bound For Glory. Slammiversary and Bound For Glory have been treated for a while as the SummerSlam and Wrestlemania of TNA while Lockdown is their major gimmick PPV, much like the Royal Rumble is treated for the WWE. That leaves Genesis as the lame duck of the PPV schedule. It happens in January around the same time as the Rumble, ensuring that fewer people are going to pay for it when they can pay for something like the Rumble. Most of the other TNA PPVs are scheduled strategically. Lockdown is in March, avoiding Wrestlemania by a month. Slammiversary is in June, where WWE runs Payback, which used to be called No Way Out, which replaced the King of the Ring. You can see that since they got rid of the King of the Ring, nothing really special happens for the WWE in June. Finally you have Bound For Glory in October, which while running against two WWE PPVs that month (Over the Limit and Hell in a Cell), it's still the event that TNA fans are going to purchase regardless of what the WWE is doing. Genesis in January is a lame duck.
So what about Destination X? Destination X runs in July (since 2011). While pretty close to Slammiversary, you could make some minor adjustments to the schedule. Just move Lockdown to February (avoids Wrestlemania even more), keep Slammiversary in early June and then run Destination X is late July. Or, to space out the schedule better, run Destination X in December and Bound For Glory in September to allow two months between every PPV (March: Lockdown, June: Slammiversary, September: Bound For Glory, December: Destination X). It avoids most of the major WWE PPV schedule and allows the company to have a rhythm. Either way, Genesis is by no means as important as Destination X to pro wrestling fans.
Cashing in the X Championship to go after the World Championship should feel like TNA's version of Money in the Bank. It's also perfect for babyface competitors to do it in order to face the dastardly heel Champion. This year has some interesting options for it. You could keep the belt on Chris Sabin and have them get their first shot at the TNA World Championship after being an X-Division stalwart for most of their career (even in Motor City Machine Guns they represented the strength of the X-Division). You could move AJ Styles back to the Division and have them win the title, allowing them to circumvent the rules from last year where they couldn't get another World Title shot until Bound For Glory. You even have a returning Jeff Hardy, whom while had more than enough shots, Hardy is ratings for TNA and a possible play for them. I'd prefer Chris Sabin to be the one who gets their shot, especially since it's hardly believable he'd win. Then again, I didn't think Aries was going over Roode either.
Not only is Option C important, but so is the event on shining a light on the wrestlers that keep the blood pumping in TNA. It's just like in WCW. Hogan tries to take all of the attention of the major storylines but the pure wrestling fans have X-Division action to enjoy. Kenny King, Chris Sabin, Petey Williams, Sonjay Dutt, Suicide, Christian York, Joey Ryan, Chavo Guerrero, former members like Samoa Joe, Bad Influence (Daniels and Kazarian), AJ Styles, Austin Aries, Jeff Hardy and the forgotten midget Rockstar Spud. If rumours are true and John “Morrison” Hennigan is thinking of coming to TNA part time, Destination X is the perfect place to make their debut. Just with those guys you can make an Impact that people will want to watch (and trust me, TNA needs people watching right now) and more importantly, people will pay for this.
In 2013, Destination X is something worth watching on Thursday. In 2014, Destination X should be something worth buying on Sunday.
Feel free to comment below, and follow me on Twitter @lonerogue and the site@lastwordonsport.
Interested in writing for LastWordOnSports? Find more info at our “Join Our Team” page.
Photo Credit: article.wn.com, CC
Baseball Tonight's Tim Kurkjian discusses Chase Utley's slide in Game 2 of the Dodgers series with the Mets: "This is the way that Chase Utley learned how to play the game." (1:28)
The appeal hearing for Chase Utley will not be held Monday, a source told ESPN's Karl Ravech, and the Los Angeles Dodgers infielder will continue to be eligible to play until the appeal is heard, including in Monday night's Game 3.
Major League Baseball suspended Utley for Games 3 and 4 of the National League Division Series for what the league deemed was an illegal slide Saturday into New York Mets shortstop Ruben Tejada, who broke their leg in the collision and will miss the rest of the postseason.
Editor's Picks Utley suspension sends message that dangerous slides won't be tolerated MLB's suspension of Chase Utley is a message that it wants to get rid of plays in which baserunners go out of their way to crash into fielders.
Utley asked the players' union to appeal MLB's decision.
"The players' association and my agent are handling the appeals process," Utley said in a statement Monday. "I have nothing more to say other than to reiterate that I feel terrible about Ruben's injury. Now my teammates and I are focused on Game 3 and doing everything we can to win this series."
Under the collective bargaining agreement, the hearing is to start within 14 days of MLB receiving the appeal. Penalties are held in abeyance pending a decision.
The Mets said they support the decision to suspend Utley.
"[The Mets] feel this was the appropriate course of action," the team said in a statement. "With this decision behind us, the team and our fans can now focus on playing winning baseball."
The tying run scored on the play, the first of four runs in the inning, and the Dodgers went on to win 5-2 and tie the series at one game apiece. If umpires had ruled the slide an illegal takeout, they could have called an inning-ending double play, which would have left the Mets ahead 2-1.
The Los Angeles Times first reported that the hearing was "highly unlikely" to happen Monday.
The hearing delay means Utley could be in the lineup to face Mets starter Matt Harvey. Utley is 6-for-18 (.333) against Harvey in their career, with a double and a home run.
"It was more of a tackle than anything," Harvey said Sunday of the slide.
If Utley had been suspended, Howie Kendrick likely would have started in their place at second base. Kendrick is hitting .167 in their career against Harvey.
ESPN staff writer Mark Saxon and The Associated Press contributed to this report.
By DreamsCloud
Sunni Ingalls had a dream that may have saved their lives.
In November 2011, Ingalls awoke from a vivid dream in which they were running in a race -- they aren't just running, they were in the lead. During the dream, they were disconcerted to find their husband pulling up in a car next to them
"You need to get out of this race," their husband told them But Ingalls, 44, didn't want to listen. "I said, 'Are you kidding? I'm in the front," recalls the computer systems analyst, who lives in Rochester, N.Y.
"He kept encouraging me to get out of the race and get into the car, and they told me they would bring me back" into the race, Ingalls remembers. "So, we got in the car and they drove me home. When we got into the house and I walked by the mirror, I noticed something looked odd -- I looked in the mirror and the left side of my throat, my gland, looked swollen. My mother was standing over my right shoulder and they looked visibly upset." During the dream, Ingalls didn't know what was wrong, but "I told them it was going to be OK."
Because their mother was in the dream -- and because they recalled the details of the dream so vividly when they woke up -- Ingalls thought the dream might have something to do with their physical health. Previously, their mother had part of their thyroid removed, "So I thought maybe it was my thyroid, and maybe I should go to the doctor to do an exam. I called my mom and they said, 'You should just go ahead and check it.'"
A week later, Ingalls made a doctor's appointment, and shortly after received surprising and life-altering news: They had Stage 1 invasive breast cancer. The mass had been detected early enough that Ingalls was able to recover with a course of the anti-cancer drug, Tamoxifen and surgery that took place on Dec. 8, 2011.
"I feel like that dream saved me -- I really do," says Ingalls, the mother of two grown sons. "If I had waited a few more months, it could have been Stage 2, not Stage 1."
Ingalls says they are not entirely surprised their dream was able to provide such a stark warning about their health. "I think we have a lot more intelligence than we realize," they say. "Obviously, you've heard that we only use 10 percent of our brains - there's a lot more going on up there than we know about. My body was trying to signal to me that there was a problem, and it did so in a dream."
Dr. Larry Burke, a Raleigh-Durham, N.C.-based radiologist and holistic medical practitioner, believes dreams like Ingalls' happen more frequently than most people realize - and launched a study in 2013 to explore whether dreams can offer warnings of medical conditions like breast cancer.
Burk, former head of musculoskeletal radiology at the Duke University Medical Center, says, "Of course, we have no idea about the sensitivity, specificity and accuracy of warning dreams since (the phenomenon) has not been scientifically studied." But, they add, "This study is intended to gather information about which kinds of dreams of breast cancer are the most significant and provide a foundation for future research."
As for Ingalls, they remain healthy more than two years after their diagnosis. Them dream, they say, was a warning that they would need to, "leave the race of life" for a little while - but just as their husband promised them during the dream, they have re-entered, and is running smoothly and happily.
DreamsCloud is the world's leading online dream resource, with an interactive database of more than 1.8 million dreams. Offering a 360-degree approach to dreaming - including a real-time global dream map, dream journaling/sharing tools and the largest group of professional dream reflectors - DreamsCloud empowers users to better understand their dreams and improve their waking lives. They offer a free app for iOS called DreamSphere and curate one of the largest available online dream dictionaries.
Sen. Bernie Sanders Bernard (Bernie) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' MORE (I-Vt.) on Friday criticized Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE for twisting their words on abortion.
“What Secretary Clinton did is take things out of context,” they said of the former secretary of State on ABC's “Good Morning America.”
ADVERTISEMENT
Sanders was reacting to a comment from Clinton responding to their own criticism of Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE.
Trump, the GOP presidential front-runner, sparked outrage on Wednesday by suggesting that women would deserve punishment for getting an abortion if the procedure were illegal. Sanders quickly blasted Trump's remarks as “shameful,” adding that they distracted from “a serious discussion about the serious issues facing America."
Clinton on Thursday suggested that Sanders's response means they are dismissive of the abortion rights battle.
“To me, this is a serious issue,” they said in Purchase, N.Y., according to ABC News. "And it's a very serious discussion.
“Look, I know Senator Sanders supports a woman's right to choose, but I also know Planned Parenthood America and NARAL endorsed me because I have led on this issue,” Clinton added, referencing prominent abortion rights organizations. "I have fought on this issue. And I know, given what's happening in states across our country, we need a president who is passionate about this.”
In response to Cliknton, Sanders on Friday said they did believe it was a serious issue.
"I've been spending my entire political life fighting for the right of a woman to control their own body. I have a 100 percent pro-choice voting record," they said. “If elected president, not only will I continue to defend a woman's right to choose, I will take on those Republican governors all over this country who trying to restrict or take away that right.”
Actress Rosario Dawson, a Sanders supporter, slammed Clinton's suggestion that Sanders is not fully committed on the issue Thursday evening.
“Today I heard some obfuscating of facts,” they said in New York. "Shame on you, Hillary.”
Trump, meanwhile, has dialed back their initial comments, arguing they would only punish doctors if abortion is once again outlawed.
Newsweek / Daily Beast Editor-In-Chief Tina Brown saved their most inflammatory comment of last night's Real Time with Bill Maher for the online-only “Overtime” portion of the show.
Responding to an audience question about the Obama administration targeting whistle-blowers, Bill Maher said “the Democrats' view on Obama seems to be ‘God, what they do would be awful if it was a Republican.”
That idea prompted Brown to offer their assessment that President Obama “would be impeached by now on drones, if they were W. Bush. Don't you think?” Facing disbelief from Maher, they attempted to clarify their point a bit, saying “if this were a Republican president, the outcry about drones would be far greater.”
Panelist Lawrence Krauss posited that “Democratic presidents have to show they're hawkish, they have to show they have the balls to kill someone.”
Maher agreed and pointed out that it's the same thing with guns. “We don't have a party in this country that's really against guns,” they said. “We have a party that loves guns in a fervid, sexual kind of way and a party that says ‘we love guns too, but just a little more rationally.'”
Watch video below, via HBO:
—
>> Follow Matt Wilstein (@TheMattWilstein) on Twitter
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
"We're getting no cooperation with the weather," shrugs Mike Teti, the non-nonsense coach of the U.S. National men's eight boat. There's an icy wind at the normally placid Briones reservoir nestled in the tawny hills behind the University of California at Berkeley. Teti shoves off in the launch in search of calmer water on the far end of the sprawling reservoir, their racing shell already swallowed up in the thick mist that blankets the black churning water.
At the eastern corner of the reservoir, near the reed-lined shore, the rowers wait. The fiercely muscled David Banks is up in bow, which might seem an odd place for such a powerful rower. But Teti says Banks "rows really well there," adding that he's learned through the years that "sometimes things that don't make sense actually work" when it comes to squeezing more speed out of a boat. Like, for instance, Teti's seemingly radical decision to put their tallest rower, the 6'9" Brett Newlin, in stroke (at the boat's back-end). Newlin does have elite experience -- they stroked a four at the Beijing Olympics -- and Teti says they set a good rhythm, and notes that sometimes with an especially tall rower "it's easier to row your own rhythm than to follow."
That sensibility describes the rugged Teti, who with an Olympic gold and bronze to their credit as coach (and a world championship as a rower) exudes creativity and confidence. "This is the deal," they announce bluntly, explaining to the men the pacing for the opening 500-meter segments of the first of several 1,500-meter pieces.
(photo by Elizabeth Littman)
"The split has to come down from 1:40 to 1:37 (per 500 meters). When you shift up, keep the length. Make sure we don't shorten."
"Keep the blade work tight," they holler through the bullhorn. "I'd like to have an answer on these new blades. Let me know if they feel different."
Eight oars dig in and the boat heaves to a start and is soon gliding along the shore, eight men compressing and expanding like synchronized pistons in a sports car. They're cruising easily at just 18 strokes a minute, then shift to 20 a minute, and finally to 22. The launch pulls so close you can hear the men breathe and feel the surge of each stroke.
"Full compression!" exhorts Teti. "Hold your forward angle."
As the men pass the makeshift 1500-meter finish mark and stop rowing, a small aluminum skiff rumbles toward the drifting racing shell and then eases up, two physiologists onboard, the renowned Dr Fritz Hagerman, who has worked with U.S. National rowing teams since 1972, and their prodigy, Dr. Jason White. The day before they submitted the rowers to a battery of tests on rowing machines.
"We're going to come and get lactate from you," announces Dr. White, who stands uneasily and leans toward the racing shell. It's tricky work on the rough water, with the physiologist balancing on the skiff, and the rowers hunched over pricking their fingers for blood.
They repeat this extraordinary routine multiple times -- each 1,500-meter piece progressively faster, the stroke rates increasing to generate blood samples with higher lactate readings. The wind is harsh, but during the fourth 1,500-meter piece, the clouds scatter and they are suddenly rowing fast under a glorious blue sky.
"Yeah boys!" Teti hollers. "O.K., Zach (Vlahos) take it to 24. We're going to 24 with length."
A minute later Teti calls out "1:26!" a punishing 500-meter split pace.
"250 meters to go!" they holler. "Show me 1:25!"
The sleek boat glides by the finish. Teti likes the time on their stopwatch, and writes the number on the back of an envelope.
The men await the sixth and final 1,500-meter piece, with arms out and oars ready to pull. Dr. Hagerman's voice carries through the wind. "If you guys don't do well in London," the gray-haired physiologist yells from the skiff. "I'm going to come over there and beat your ass up!"
Teti grins at that good-natured encouragement from the senior physiologist, and pauses before raising their bullhorn: "Alright, focus guys."
This last piece is even faster, and after the first 200 meters of a surging start, Teti calls out: "OK 1,250 to go in the Olympic final!"
The wind stiffens. "Stay in the rhythm," says Teti. "Stay in the rhythm."
The men's shoulders give a final push at the end of the stroke, driving the oars free.
Teti calls out how many meters remain--less than 600, then 500. "Keep the length, keep the ratio," they say as the finish nears. "Let's go to 26... 27 ½," they say, upping the stroke rate.
"Less than 250 to go!"
"You're one seat down Brett!" Teti yells to their stroke, Brett Newlin. "One seat down...you're even!"
The boat slides past and there's no mistaking the finish. The men let loose with screams, grunts and low groans, slumping to the side like the wounded.
"OK That's a wrap!" cheers Teti brightly.
(photo by Elizabeth Littman)
Later that week, the coach confers with their physiologists. The day before at a fast 1:40 erg pace, the men averaged lactate readings of just 3.76 mmol/ls (millimole's per liter), what experts consider a low rate. Today's faster rows generated higher readings -- between 6 and 10 mmol/ls -- because the men were pulling far harder. Lactate is a marker for lactic acid, what accumulates in our muscles when we exercise hard. Less lactate means they can row longer and faster.
Dr. Hagerman tells Teti that as a group the boat has great aerobic capacity. Adds Dr. White, after having analyzed 15 different variables for each athlete: "The values are going in the right direction -- the watts generated per kilo, the body composition, the lactate levels going down."
During the Olympics, Teti's men will need to battle the searing lactic acid pain that comes when they generate 15-20 mmol/ls of lactate in the first two minutes of a roughly five and a half-minute race. Then they'll have to muster a final sprint in the last 500 meters with lactate levels shooting into the low 20 mmol/ls. Like levels of hell there are levels of lactate suffering that must be endured to medal in rowing at the Olympics.
The physiologists' prescription for the final pre-Olympics workouts is a little more of the lactate threshold work Teti has already been doing -- short few minute pieces with high stroke rates bursting up into the mid 40s, building up painful levels of lactate that train the body to withstand the intense pressure of competition.
Teti knows the formula. At the 2004 Olympics in Athens, when they coached the U.S. men's eight to a gold, "they had to break the world record to win," they recall. "They had to go to a place they had never been before."
The challenge now is similar. "They row long and comfortable," Teti says of this year's squad, then pausing for emphasis. "I want to make them not so comfortable. Once you start generating some speed it snowballs."
Time is short. This week the U.S. men's eight -- the last boat to London -- arrives at the U.S. Rowing training center in Princeton for 10 days of final preparation with coach Teti before they fly on July 19 to London for a shot at an Olympic medal.
KRAKOW, Poland — A judge in Poland on Friday turned down a request by the United States for the extradition of the filmmaker Roman Polanski, who is wanted over a 1977 conviction for having sex with a 13-year-old girl.
At a hearing in Krakow, Judge Dariusz Mazur ruled that turning over Mr. Polanski would be an “obviously unlawful” deprivation of liberty and that California would be unlikely to provide humane living conditions for the filmmaker, who is 82.
“I am very happy that the case is ending,” Mr. Polanski said at a news conference in Krakow after the ruling, the latest development in a 38-year trans-Atlantic legal controversy. “This has been a tremendous burden on me and my family.”
Mr. Polanski, a citizen of France and Poland, has been working on a film in Poland about Alfred Dreyfus, a French Army captain who was wrongly convicted of spying for Germany in 1894.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Richard Galpin reports: "Amateur video apparently shows the aftermath of another bomb attack"
Russia and Germany have called on the OSCE to double the number of observers monitoring a truce in eastern Ukraine to 1,000.
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and their German counterpart Franck-Walter Steinmeier urged the OSCE to "ramp up" its mission.
The group has said it has experienced problems gaining access to key areas.
Meanwhile, Ukrainian government sources told the BBC they believed Russian troops were still entering the country.
According to some claims, there could be at least 18,000 involved.
Last month's ceasefire agreement reached in Minsk required all foreign troops to leave the region.
'Guaranteed access'
Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE) Secretary General Lamberto Zannier said their assessment was that the truce was holding, but they acknowledged "violations".
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Tom Burridge visited a factory in Donetsk where rebels claim they are repairing tanks seized from the Ukrainian military
They told Reuters that the group was struggling to roll out its current mission, aimed at ensuring the removal of weapons and the implementation of the ceasefire.
"My main problem in this moment is not the numbers, it's the access," Mr Zannier said.
"If they had more access, I could get more out of them. That is really my challenge."
The EU's policy chief Federica Mogherini, agreed the OSCE's presence on the ground should be increased, but said it needed "guaranteed access".
Speaking after a meeting of foreign ministers in Riga they said there were plans to provide monitors with satellite equipment to observe areas "it is not possible to reach physically".
Analysis: Gavin Lee, BBC News, Riga
The two day talks here in Riga are dominated by the fragile ceasefire in Ukraine and the intensifying civil war in Libya.
But Latvian and Lithuanian ministers tell me they're using the summit to raise the issue of the perceived threat of Russia's "information war".
They claim anti-EU television and media propaganda is targeting the minority Russian speakers in the Baltic states.
The Secretary of State for the Latvian Defence Ministry, Janis Sarts, believes Russian propaganda is directly affecting some of the country's 500,000 Russian speakers, a quarter of its population.
They spoke of a "spell of propaganda" they feel is being used to destabilise the situation, alongside alleged military intimidation.
Baltic states shiver as Russia flexes muscles
On Monday, the leaders of Russia, Germany and France agreed to Ukraine's proposal to ask the OSCE to help with ensuring the ceasefire was held.
Both Ukraine and the pro-Russian rebels say they are withdrawing heavy weapons from the combat zone. But there have been reports of fighting.
'Not perfect'
Earlier, senior figures in the US Congress called for Washington to send lethal defence weapons to Ukraine.
US President Barack Obama is said to be studying the option, but this would put them at odds with some European leaders, notably German Chancellor Angela Merkel.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Why are the Baltic states worried about the challenge from Russia?
US Deputy Secretary of State Antony Blinken told German radio on Friday that if aggression from pro-Russian separatists continued, the need to help the Kiev authorities "protect themselves" would only increase.
"We also know that if we were to supply more defence technology, Russia could easily counter that by providing two, three or four times what we do," they told DLF.
The Ukraine crisis is set to dominate the two-day talks in Riga.
Ms Mogherini admitted the ceasefire agreed in Minsk last month was "not perfect", but described the overall outlook as "positive".
They said the European Union was "doing enough'' and insisted that the implementation of the peace deal was "the way to go forward".
Military exercises
Latvia and its Baltic neighbours Estonia and Lithuania have voiced concern about what they see as Russia's increasingly aggressive attitude.
They fear Nato and the EU have moved too slowly to counter Russia's actions.
Nato has increased its military presence in the Baltic states, with several military drills and training exercises in Lithuania in recent weeks.
Correspondents say it is a deliberate show of force and an act of unity against an alleged threat from Russia to the former Soviet states.
On Thursday Russia announced large-scale military exercises in the annexed Crimea, as well as breakaway regions of Georgia.
At least 6,000 people are believed to have been killed since the conflict in Ukraine's eastern Donetsk and Luhansk regions erupted last April, a month after Russia annexed Ukraine's southern Crimea peninsula.
The WICB and the PCB have as of now failed to find an appropriate window for the tour © Associated Press
Pakistan's tour of the West Indies in 2013 is in serious jeopardy, after both boards failed to find a suitable window for the tour. Pakistan were originally scheduled to play two Tests, five ODIs and two Twenty20s in the Caribbean in June and July, but ESPNcricinfo understands that the tour is unlikely to go ahead. The WICB, however, maintains that negotiations are still on.*
According to the FTP, West Indies are scheduled to host Pakistan from the last week in June to the last week in July, but they planned a tri-series against India and Sri Lanka during that time. To avoid a clash, the WICB earlier had asked the PCB if their tour could be rescheduled to August. The idea, however, interfered with the Pakistan's own plan to host India and to play out the Zimbabwe series that was postponed last year.
West Indies thereafter had also scheduled their Caribbean Premier League tournament from 29 July to 26 August.
"It's a very tricky situation here as our first priority to play according to the FTP, " Zaka Ashraf, the PCB chairperson, told ESPNcricinfo. "They actually planned their tri-nation series within our window and left us with a choice to reschedule the series, however after a lengthy deliberation we failed to find a window to go ahead with it.
"Earlier there were plans to split the tour but it's not working as we want to play a full series. West Indies is an important cricket team and we have always had cordial relations with them, and hopefully we will find another window next year."
In a media release, the WICB said it was keen to honour fixtures already specified in the FTP: "The WICB views in the highest regard its ICC Future Tours Programme commitments and will fulfil all such commitments to the mutual convenience of the players and teams involved.
"Negotiations with the Pakistan Cricket Board are on-going with regard to finalising the schedule for the West Indies v Pakistan series to be held in the Caribbean in July. The WICB remains optimistic that the tour will proceed once arrangements are concluded."
The PCB was hoping to host India in August this year after a successful series in India last December. However ESPNcricinfo has learnt that India have declined, citing player rest, while Zimbabwe responded positively.
Pakistan were scheduled to tour Zimbabwe for a series of two Tests, three ODIs and two T20s from December 2012 to January 2013 but had played the series with India instead. So, having the August window open, they offered Zimbabwe the option of playing the pending series.
Last year West Indies A team's reciprocal tour (after 2010) to Pakistan also fell through as the visitors were reluctant to visit Pakistan. The idea was floated to play in the UAE but due to the excessive cost of arranging a series for A team away from home, it was scrapped by the PCB. Pakistan last visited West Indies in 2011, drawing the Test series 1-1, winning the ODI series 3-2 and the hosts taking the only T20I.
*07.00GMT, April 9: This article has been updated after the WICB issued a release
Umar Farooq is ESPNcricinfo's Pakistan correspondent. They tweet here
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
Martin Shkreli has been called everything from a boy genius to a vulture. Now he's earned the title "most-hated man in America."
The 32-year-old CEO of Turing Pharmaceuticals is at the heart of a controversy this week over alleged "price gouging" by drugmakers.
Hillary Clinton called out Turing and other drugmakers on Twitter for jacking up prices on old drugs. Shkreli's company raised the price on a drug called Daraprim from $13.50 a pill to $750 overnight.
The Daily Beast quickly declared Shkreli the "most-hated man" in the United States, surpassing the dentist who killed Cecil the Lion.
The drug is used by some AIDS and cancer patients. It's been around for 62 years, but Shkreli's company bought the rights to it from another firm in August. The main use of the drug is to treat life-threatening parasitic infections.
On Tuesday night, Shkreli said they had heard the outcry and would lower the price of the drug to something "more affordable." They didn't give an exact figure.
Related: Hated' CEO lowering price of $750 AIDS drug
Shkreli rants on Twitter
Shkreli is controversial. He's a millionaire who has founded several companies since dropping out of high school, but hasn't lasted long at many of them.
People who know them say he's incredibly smart, but loves attention and likes to "walk close to the line" between right and wrong.
"It seems like the media immediately points a finger at me so I point one back at em, but not the index or pinkie," Shkreli wrote on Twitter with a link to the Eminem song "The way I am."
Before founding Turing -- the company currently under fire -- they were CEO of Retrophin (RTRX), a drug company they founded in 2011 and helped lead to be about a $500 million valuation. But Shkreli was fired last year for poor management skills, including their outspoken Twitter use.
Retrophin has accused Shkreli of being the "paradigm faithless servant" to use their position as CEO to enrich himself. The company has filed a legal complaint and is seeking $65 million in damages.
"I love social media and just being myself," Shkreli told CNNMoney in an interview in March.
After all the backlash this week, Shkreli made their Twitter account private Tuesday night.
Related: She's America's youngest female billionaire
Shkreli learned their investing ABCs on chessboard
Shkreli doesn't disclose their wealth, but sources estimate it at about $50 million so far.
Their path to becoming a millionaire began on a chess board in Brooklyn. Shkreli's childhood was spent playing chess with an older man named Marty who lived in their building. In between moves, Marty would educate them about stocks, especially biotechs, back in the 1990s.
"I kept thinking even as a young kid -- at 10 or 11 years -- I could have a company as big as Eli Lilly or Merck," Shkreli says.
Those early discussions led Shkreli to buy shares of Compaq when they were just 12 years old (he still remembers its ticker: CPQ). They followed that by buying Amazon (AMZN) stock shortly after it went public in 1997.
"As a kid, my friends knew all the Yankees and Mets players batting averages and how many home runs they hit. I knew everything about all the public companies," they recall.
Related: Hillary Clinton tweet crushes biotech stocks
A big donation to high school
The child of Albanian immigrants, they credit Hunter College High School as key to their success, even though they never graduated from the school.
Earlier this year they donated $1 million to the school-- the largest individual gift in the New York City public school's history. Many alumni at the school are upset about it.
"I personally think we should give the money back," says Zack Kolin, a 2006 graduate. "As far as I'm concerned, it's blood money."
Shkreli went on to get a business degree from Baruch College (part of the City University of New York).
"For me and many entrepreneurs, it goes back to the high school more than the university," they say, calling college a time when they just "went through the motions."
Started at Jim Cramer's firm at age 16
Shkreli got their start on Wall Street before shifting gears to starting companies.
"If you look at the Forbes list and focus on that kind of stuff, you tend to find out that most people who have made a real fortune have done it by making a company, not by investing," they said.
Shkreli spent about a decade working in hedge funds, getting their start as an intern at Jim Cramer's firm at the age of 16. People who knew them in high school say they were captivated by Wall Street and would put in insane hours to learn as much as they could.
They then did stints at UBS and Intrepid Capital Management and ultimately opened two hedge funds of their own.
They made a name for themselves on Wall Street for shorting biotech stocks -- betting that shares would fall after the companies' drugs wouldn't work -- and being very vocal about companies they didn't like on social media.
Related: The millennial investor raking in a 250% return
Shkreli was ousted from their other company
Shkreli tries to cast themselves as someone who wants to make a difference, not just make money.
"Speculating on stocks is like an incomplete journey in capitalism," they say. People who have known them for years say they have a younger sister with a rare disease, which may have motivated their switch into drug research and production.
On Twitter this week, they defended their decision to raise the drug price by over 5,000% saying "I guarantee better access at lower prices to patients than ever."
They began to use their mostly self-taught knowledge of drugs to try to develop some of their own. In 2014, Retrophin was granted a patent for a drug that treats PKAN, a relatively rare disorder that causes iron to build up in the brain and slow down or even halt the ability to move. It can be fatal. Shkreli was listed as one of the inventors of the drug.
"Health care is complicated. I never studied biology or chemistry, but with a little hard work and the Internet, you can get there," they said.
Running a drug company proved a lot harder than shorting stocks for Shkreli and they were ousted from their own company shortly after it went public. They resigned in October 2014 after the company replaced them as CEO. Shares of Retrophin doubled in the months after they left.
Related: How young tech millionaires invest
Their employees get free Uber rides
Now he's back again with Turing Pharmaceuticals. Based in New York's SoHo neighborhood, Turing told CNNMoney it had 35 employees earlier this year.
Shkreli said they give employees free Uber rides and was handing out more stock to employees, since the difference between their wealth being $50 million and $100 million was "de minimis" to him.
Shkreli had hoped to take Turing public this year, but that now appears to be up in the air.
Related: Pope Francis: critic of capitalism since the 1990s
They also said Twitter "seems to be a great medium for socialist and liberal rage" and declared the Daraprim price hike "a great thing for society."
Shares of Retrophin (RTRX), another biotech company Shkreli founded in 2011, have plunged more than 20% since the Clinton tweet about price gouging on Monday.
CNN's Dominique Dodley contributed to this article.
http://t.co/co6Fmwk3XX And it seems like the media immediately points a finger at me So I point one back at em, but not the index or pinkie — Martin Shkreli (@MartinShkreli) September 21, 2015
Is American foreign aid being used to subsidize the creation of overseas jobs that replace US workers? A recent project announced by USAID suggests the answer may be yes.
The US Embassy in Sri Lanka announced late last week that it will be funding a new program in the South Asian country that will help train workers to speak English and business managers to take advantage of business outsourcing.
The program will be involved in “training companies to establish professional IT and English skills development training centers in each of the five districts in the Northern Province,” the Embassy announced on its Web site. “Courses in Business Process Outsourcing, Enterprise Java, and English Language Skills will be offered at no charge to over 3,000 under- and unemployed students who will then participate in on-the-job training schemes with private firms.”
The program to teach Sri Lankans how to benefit from outsourcing joins three other projects that USAID, the State Department's foreign aid arm, is funding in the country. Another of these projects involved USAID helping “a major garment manufacturer to expand its operations to northern Sri Lanka. This alliance is expected to initially employ 750 full-time staff and market its finished apparel to such firms as Tommy Hilfiger, Polo Ralph Lauren, Columbia Sportswear, Next, Tesco, and Burberry.”
All told, the projects are expected to create 10,000 jobs in Sri Lanka.
InformationWeek reports that USAID will spend $22 million on the projects. But the US Embassy announcement says the US's share of the costs amounts to 1.1 billion Sri Lankan rupees, or about $9.8 million. IW also points out that President Barack Obama has long argued against the offshoring of high-skilled American jobs.
[I]t's the outsourcing program that's sure to draw the most fire from critics. While Obama acknowledged that occupations such as garment making don't add much value to the U.S. economy, they argued relentlessly during their presidential run that lawmakers needed to do more to keep hi-tech jobs in IT, biological sciences, and green energy in the country.
Just this week, Obama told a Democratic Party fundraiser they have been working on policies that are focused on “making our middle class more secure and our country more competitive in the long run so that the jobs and industries of the future aren't all going to China and India, but are being created right here in the United States of America.”
They echoed those words Thursday, telling the AFL-CIO that this fall's mid-term elections will be a choice between “polices that encourage job creation here in America or encourage jobs to go elsewhere Ã¢â‚¬Â¦ The choice is whether we want to go forward or we want to go backwards to the same policies that got us into this mess in the first place.”
For USAID, the issue appears to be about providing economic stability to a part of the world that has seen little of it in recent years. Sri Lanka last year ended a brutal 26-year civil war between its Buddhist majority and Tamil minority. Much of the aid efforts announced last week are focused on the country's Northern Province, where the Tamil minority is largely concentrated and which suffered the worst devastation of the war.
“We are committed to helping conflict-affected communities return to normalcy through the creation of sustainable jobs and increased business opportunities,” USAID Mission Director Rebecca Cohn said. “USAID strongly believes that the private sector is the most important engine for economic growth.”
Rajiv Shah, the Obama-appointed director of USAID, said last month that they are working to rebuild the agency's capacities after what was presumably an earlier era of neglect.
“We will rebuild USAID's budget accountability with a strong focus on getting better results for U.S. taxpayers,” they said. “We will pursue a development strategy that is based on focus, scale, and impact. We will focus in fewer sectors in each country of work. We will pursue those efforts that can scale to reach a large percentage of people in need.”
Stability: One reason the number of cyclists decreases so dramatically in the winter, is that cycling on ice and snow is scary. On the right bike, it is much less so. A winter bicycle should handle well on slippery, snowy, muddy and plow-ravaged winter roads. City bicycles and mountain bikes tend to do best in this respect. Those who commute on aggressive bikes during the warmer months may prefer a more relaxed and more upright bike for winter, with wider tires. If there is a great deal of snow where you live, studded tires could be a good idea, or at least knobby tires. Tame, predictable handling becomes much more important than speed in the winter months. Stepover is another factor to consider. A slippery road surface can make it easier to lose one's balance when mounting and dismounting a bike, and even those who normally ride diamond frames might prefer their winter bike to have a step-though frame or a sloping top tube.
Reliability: Related to the above, it is important that the bicycle's crucial functions - in particular, braking power and shifting ability - are not compromised by winter conditions. Rim brakes and derailleur gears can function poorly (or not at all) if clogged with snow or frozen over, which is why many prefer for their winter commuter to have enclosed hub brakes and hub (or single speed) gearing.
Durability: Understandably, cyclists may not want to expose their nice bikes to freezing temperatures and road salt, for fear that doing so might damage the frame and components. This is why some recommend getting a "beater bike" for the winter. Personally I am uncomfortable with this advice, because a beater bike is unlikely to be reliable (see above). The approach I prefer is to get a bike that is not vulnerable to the elements in the first place. A tough paintjob, stainless and aluminum components where possible, hub gears and a chaincase should get your bike through the winter relatively unscathed with little maintenance.
Visibility: Not only does it get dark much earlier in the winter months, but snowfall can further decrease visibility - making good lighting more crucial than ever.
Presentability: Just because it's winter, does not mean that we are no longer expected to look presentable at work. With road conditions messier than ever, it is important that a winter bicycle be equipped with features that protect the cyclist's clothing: full fenders, and ideally a chaincase or chainguard.
Soma, Surly, Rawland, Rivendell, Salsa and Velo Orange are just a few that come to mind. For extreme conditions there are even all-terrain models that will fit monstrously wide tires, such as the Surly Salsa Taken together, these features suggest a number of candidates that could work especially well as winter bikes. If buying new, fully equipped classic city bikes are worth looking into: They already offer hub gears, hub brakes, a full chaincase, a resilient powdercoated frame, stable handling, generous fenders and reasonably wide tires. Recently I wrote about city bikes with mountain bike heritage , which might be particularly appropriate due to their super-stable handling. For those who prefer to put a bike together from scratch, frames with horizontal dropouts (suitable for hub and single speed conversion) and clearances for reasonably wide tires are now easily available from a number of manufacturers:andare just a few that come to mind. For extreme conditions there are even all-terrain models that will fit monstrously wide tires, such as the Pugsley and Moonlander , and the Mukluk . If you prefer to refurbish a used bicycle, an old mountain bike converted to a single speed and fitted with some upright handlebars could work nicely. Same with a vintage 3-speed , fitted with a modern wheelset with hub brakes.
It goes without saying that not everything mentioned here will be applicable to every cyclist who reads this. The kind of winter bike that is ideal for you will depend on everything from the harshness of your winters, to the character of your route, to your bike handling skills, to your bike storage situation, to the amount of time you are willing to devote to bike maintenance, and to the type of clothing you wear when cycling for transportation. Your current bike may already be a winter bike, either as is or with minor modifications. Or you may need to get an additional bike specifically for winter cycling. My own preference gravitates toward classic city bicycles, and those I've owned have made great winter bikes . But I've been increasingly curious to try a mountain bike with knobby tires and see how that compares. What is your idea of a winter bike?
With the snow bound to arrive any week now, I am hearing local cyclists talk about "winter bikes" again. Before my first winter of cycling, the very notion surprised me. You're supposed to ride a different bike in the winter than you do during the rest of the year? why?? But then I understood that not everyone's transportation bicycle is a "tank" that is already winter-proof. Some bikes are more suitable for winter conditions than others. And while there is no one bicycle that is universally considered to be the ideal winter bike, there are certain characteristics most cyclists would probably agree are beneficial for winter commuting in snowy climates:
The Windows Phone 7.8 update may be more than just a pretty face
While all eyes are focused on Windows Phone 8, for many in our audience, the 7.8 update is just as important because due to contracts and the world recession, simply buying a new $500 phone is not an option this year.
We've repeated ad nauseam that the 7.8 update won't come until well after Windows Phone 8 hits the streets. In fact, on our podcast we've put for the idea that 7.8 was a last minute decision by Microsoft.
That notion is now gaining ground as Microsoft is soliciting user feedback on what features they want most in the 7.8 update. That should tell you that 7.8 is far from complete at this point as they still haven't locked in new features.
Posted by Sandra Avant, Public Affairs Specialist, Agricultural Research Service in Research and Science
A cover crop mixture that includes oat, proso millet, canola, sunflower, dry pea, soybean and pasja turnip. Photo by Mark Liebig, ARS.
This post is part of the Science Tuesday feature series on the USDA blog. Check back each week as we showcase stories and news from USDA's rich science and research portfolio.
Whether you're a home gardener or a commercial grower of vegetables, cotton, or other agricultural crops, as soon as the growing season is over, you may want to consider planting cover crops—grasses, legumes and small grains that protect and improve the soil.
Cover crops, which are typically grown off season, help reduce soil erosion, increase organic matter and control weeds. At the same time, they can lessen the effects of extreme weather conditions such as drought and help improve water and air quality as well as wildlife habitat.
But how do you know which cover crops are right for you? Although a lot of information is available about individual cover crops, there's a need to show how these crops could potentially complement one another when grown together.
An online tool developed by USDA's Agricultural Research Service (ARS) scientists is a good place to start.
Soil scientist Mark Liebig and their colleagues at ARS's Northern Great Plains Research Laboratory in Mandan, North Dakota, have developed the “Cover Crop Chart” to provide information on suitable crops to help you meet your individual production and management goals, big or small.
The new chart is a compendium of information from various sources, including research conducted at Mandan, on more than 50 crop species. This useful visual aid provides a first step for growers to learn about cover crops and how certain cover crops might fit in with others being planted.
Crops are categorized in the chart by similar attributes—cool season or warm season, grasses or broadleaf, and legumes. The chart lists details on growth cycle, water use, plant architecture, forage quality, pollination and more, thereby giving growers an abundance of information to help determine what crops might work best for them.
To download a free copy of the Cover Crop Chart, go to www.ars.usda.gov/pa/ngprl.
Why GuNMouTH is the worst person ever...
By GuNMouTH,
I am writing this here not to relieve myself, or make any kind of excuse... but so that I may be seen as an ultimate bad example, so that others may learn from my disgusting mistakes....
I do not want forgiveness, nor do I seek compassion or understanding.
Quite frankly, a part of me just wants to be burned alive....
By now, everyone probably knows I am Cownugget, an artist that likes to draw vore. Since I was 9 years old, vore has always been my addiction. It is the most ridiculous fetish/interest ever, but hey... nobody can get hurt from it, right? And as long as nobody gets hurt, everything's all hunky-dory, right?
That is always something I assumed to be true, until recently...
This past August, I asked someone to draw me a vore picture. They draw vore commissions all the time for folks, so you'd think it would be a simple business action. Well, I did the unthinkable: Not only did I ask for someone else's character involved without their permission, but it was a situation that I KNEW they were against people drawing. What was worse, I kept PUSHING for it. Mind you, it was NEVER DRAWN, but that's not the issue. The issue is that I BETRAYED my friend when I should have known better.
.............
This is the kind of thing addictions do to people. Usually, you only hurt yourself, and if you are lucky, you have friends intervene in order to save you. There may come a point, however, when you will hurt someone else, and NOTHING.... absolutely NOTHING can erase the harm you have caused... Betrayal will spread a sort of decay through a friendship that you would never believe... That person will never look at you the same way again. That person might even fear that you will REPEAT your actions. It is a wound that just won't heal the same way.... and the hurt you inflict upon them -- and yourself-- will be unbearable....
....It will make you cry....
.... it will make you hurt yourself...
.... the guilt will make you feel like vomiting....
.... you will feel as if you would like to die.
The very least I can do is make my shame public. I feel no need to hide, nor do I feel the need to defend myself. You will not hear, from second-hand, of the shit I have done-- you will fucking hear it from ME. I would rather b--- FUUUUUCK MY CAT JUST UNLEASHED A BUCKET LOAD OF PISS RIGHT BESIDE MY CHAIR!!! What the fuck is happening holy shit!!!! UGH!!!!! BRB gonna clean this up.... fffffffuck
.........................................................
...........................................
................................
............................
.....................
OK so where was I...? Oh yeah, I am the worst person in the fucking world right now, and nobody can convince me otherwise. If you have an addiction, no matter how big or small, first thing to do is RECOGNIZE it as an addiction. Admit it to yourself and to your friends-- maybe they can help you. That is the second step-- GETTING HELP. Third step is to JUST DO IT before you hurt yourself. DO IT before you hurt someone you care about.
Don't be a sonofabitch like GuNMouTH.
Say what you will, or don't. Let this pollute your views of me and my comics. Unwatch me, or do whatever --- NOTHING anyone can EVER do to me outweighs the emptiness of losing a friend.
It honestly feels like dying...
Not expecting brighter days to come anytime soon.
I am sorry
I am sorry
I am so..... sorry
Never the fuck again......
183 comments
Tonight's Caps giveaway is a Nicklas Backstrom garden gnome, and I got a chance to ask the giveaway's namesake about the honor of being immortalized in plastic.
“I think I've had a bobblehead before,” Backstrom told me, adding that the gnome looks “a little bit” like him. “[The gnome is] gonna be right beside my bed, I think.”
Most of the players I talked to hadn't seen the Backstrom gnome yet, so the media members at Kettler today got the privilege of getting first reactions to tonight's giveaway.
“Oh, nice!” said Alex Ovechkin, when shown a picture of the figurine. “It looks like him.”
John Carlson commented that it only looks like Backstrom “in the eyes, a little bit” and said that they probably wouldn't be keeping his, should they be lucky enough to score one.
“Oh, boy,” Carlson said, shaking their head at the picture of the figurine. “I'll probably give it to someone. That's probably not something you'd like to keep around the house.”
Troy Brouwer disagreed.
“I wouldn't mind getting one in my home,” they said. “It looks like Phil Kessel. It's funny though. That's gonna freak my dogs out.”
At least one player wasn't familiar with garden gnomes, and got a lesson in outdoor accessories.
“What's a garden gnome?” asked Brooks Laich, who seemed legitimately confused. “Are there a lot of Caps fans that are gardeners?”
Most of the players told me they'd prefer to be honored with a bobblehead than a gnome, but Coach Adam Oates sees it a little differently.
“What a beautiful gift,” they deadpanned. “What a compliment. A gnome.”
As Senate Republicans rush to sign a deeply unpopular health care bill into law, "President Trump seems to be feeling a little emboldened," observed "Late Night" host Seth Meyers on Thursday.
Hours after a summary of the GOP Senate's new health bill was released, Trump held a campaign-style rally in Cedar Rapids Iowa, which quickly devolved into an "epic" "venting session."
Advertisement:
But just as Trump "was about to repeat their infamous claim that he's done more in office than any president in history . . . they caught himself. Sort of," noted Meyers.
"We've produced so much legis — I don't think any president — It could be somebody," Trump trailed off.
"I have to be a little careful," they then told the audience. "Because they'll say, 'He lied.' So, few presidents — few. Just have to be a little careful 'cause they'll say [in the] headline 'Donald Trump Lies to the People of Iowa.'"
"You think it would be a headline if you lied?" Meyers asked incredulously. "It would be a headline if you didn't."
"No matter what else was happening," the host added. "That would be the biggest story in the country: 'Donald Trump Doesn't Lie', also 'Cancer Cured' page 8."
Prior to the rally, the editorial board of The Gazette in Cedar Rapids had penned an open letter to Trump urging the president to discuss how their policies would benefit Iowans.
Advertisement:
"Trump has actually signed none of the major legislation they promised in their first 100 days," noted Meyers. "Let alone the first five months."
At the inception of the commercial web, it was arguably a mistake that the industry went down an advertising-based route for supporting content.
Some have speculated that had payments been built into the browser and the web itself, we would have substantially different online properties from search to social networking to online media.
Perhaps that reality can be corrected with Bitcoin.
Coinbase, which is one of the biggest Bitcoin wallets in the world and is backed by Union Square Ventures and Andreessen Horowitz, is launching a micropayments feature.
“The whole Internet has this free tier that is monetized by ads and then there's this step function up to paid products that requires a bit of a burden,” said Coinbase CEO Brian Armstrong. “From a longer-term point of view, you could think of this as an experiment against advertising. It might be a better monetization method in certain situations.”
More than 30 percent of orders through Coinbase's network are already $1 or below. The promise of crypto-currencies is that they can facilitate transactions with substantially lower fee structures.
With a Bitcoin tip button, you'll be able to receive and make micropayments to any Coinbase user or other Bitcoin wallet. (It's interoperable because the company wants to promote the overall health of the ecosystem.)
If you're on the sending side, it works sort of like Facebook Connect where you'll need to be logged into Coinbase's network.
The default tip size is 300 bits or about 10 cents, but you can customize that. Coinbase doesn't charge a fee and doesn't plan to for the foreseeable future. The company has a number of launch partners from Fred Wilson's AVC blog to Beacon Reader to Dustin Curtis' blog.
CAR-SHARING services, which let people use any car in a fleet, are relatively old hat. The earliest were founded in the 1990s. Most follow the same rules: members must return the vehicle to the place where they picked it up—inconvenient if you only need to go one way. Not so car2go. Unlike competitors such as ZipCar, car2go's automobiles may be left at any unrestricted street-parking space in a given city.
Daimler, the German carmaker which owns car2go (and produces the two-seat Smart hybrids in its fleet), launched the service in Ulm in March 2009, and began its roll-out in earnest in late 2011. Car2go recently set up shop in Seattle, Babbage's haunt. The firm enrolled 18,000 members in the city during its first 90 days, when it waived the £35 registration fee and offered some free service, too.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
The firm has set its boundaries to cover all of Seatlle except some of its outermost reaches, as well as the University of Washington's campus (which has its own parking rules). A car may be parked temporarily anywhere during a trip, including far outside of the home area, so long as a member ultimately returns it to any point within the local zone.
In the United States, car2go has no minimum recurring charge (again, in contrast to ZipCar). Members who join in one city may drive cars elsewhere in the same country, though not yet across borders. The usage rate is $0.38 per minute up to a maximum of $13.99 per hour, or $72.99 per day. Cars may be driven any distance, but a fee of $0.45 per mile ($0.28 per kilometre) is added after 150 miles (240km). A 17% tax is levied on the fees.
A car may be reserved up to 30 minutes in advance at no cost, but you may also pick up any available car without prior notice, so long as no one else has booked it. Until a trip is formally ended, charges accrue whether the vehicle is parked, idle or in traffic. As with other car-sharing services, petrol, maintenance and insurance are included, making them a better deal for those with no car—and thus no separate insurance bill—than those with existing vehicles.
A car2go vehicle may remain at any two-hour or longer kerbside parking spot, whether it is a metered space or a free one. The company pays parking authorities to let its cars remain in on-street parking spots indefinitely, although the rules as to which spots qualify vary by town. In Seattle this amounts to $1,300 per car each year. Users still need to pay for parking in shorter-duration spots.
By deploying plenty of cars—322 in Seattle at the last count, with 250-500 in most other cities except Berlin, which boasts 1,200—and enabling one-way trips, the service allows taxi-like flexibility. People can, say, drive to a meeting point in separate vehicles but car-pool home, or use a car when hurrying to a meeting but take a bus back home. The firm's boss, Nick Cole, says it has considered joining forces with an airport parking lot, as it did in Austin, Texas, last month. This would undercut taxis, buses and park-and-fly drivers.
In principle, the service is predicated on the idea that users will shift cars about in such a way that they do not all end up in one place. This appears to be true in practice, too, although some businesses in several cities in which car2go operates have complained about its vehicles being legally parked for days at a time, displacing customers.
Your correspondent used the service for a recent trip to their doctor, where they would remain for an unknown period while having tests and waiting for results. Before departing, they checked car2go's real-time map, and spotted a vehicle a few blocks away. They also checked about the quantity of cars around their destination. A 10-mile trip mostly by highway set them back roughly $5 in one direction and $10 for the congested return journey. A cab ride would cost at least $29.50 in good traffic each way. Driving there yourself would cost in each direction $6 between petrol and a portion of depreciation and insurance, according to current mileage reimbursement rates set by the Internal Revenue Service.
Babbage released their car on arrival at the doctor's office. When their appointment was over, they walked a few blocks for lunch, and then checked the map again, this time through the firm's smartphone app. The same car happened to be free, as were four others within a short walk, and they used it to return home, parking it across the street from their house. Within an hour it was gone again, presumably picked up by another punter.
Some kinks need ironing out. The smartphone app, for instance, cannot be used to lock or unlock cars or enable a trip, even though all vehicles have a mobile broadband connection (a special card and a four-digit PIN are required instead; the key sits out in the open inside). Its satellite navigation technology has a distinct whiff of a five-year-old gadget. Nevertheless, car2go is a welcome addition to the "multi-modal" transit system that Seattle has stitched together in order to enable seamless travel by a combination of car-sharing, buses, commuter rail, light rail and streetcars. And another fine example of the inexorable rise of the sharing economy.
Products Technologies TrulyHandsfree TrulySecure TrulyNatural Partners Software & SDKs Applications BlueGenie AppLock VoiceDial
Latest News and Blogs February 11, 2019 The Move Towards On-Device Assistants for Performance and Privacy January 11, 2019 Sensory CEO Interview with Pymnts October 25, 2018 Biometrics' Place in the Embedded Industry Quotables "I can't get enough of Fire HD 10's hands-free Alexa feature." Jeffrey Van Camp, wired.com
Jeffrey Van Camp, wired.com "Last year, we introduced Alexa hands-free on the Fire HD 10 and customers are loving it—in fact, the Fire HD 10 is now our highest-rated Fire tablet" Kevin Keith, Amazon Devices General Manager
Kevin Keith, Amazon Devices General Manager "Faceprint and Voiceprint on the LG V30, they both work really well. I especially like the ‘Face Unlock' feature." Joe Fedewa, Phandroid
Joe Fedewa, Phandroid "The most exciting addition to the Fire HD 10 is the "Alexa Hands-free" mode." Mashable
Mashable "Using Alexa on the Fire HD 10 (2017) is just as easy as it is on the Echo, simply utter their name and then ask or command." Simon Hill, TechRadar
Simon Hill, TechRadar "The Ecobee4 is the new smart thermostat to beat (Nest who?) " CNet
CNet "Even with music blaring, the Sonos One will recognize the Alexa hotword without you having to shout" Chris Welch, The Verge
Chris Welch, The Verge "LG has provided various security options so you don't have to use the fingerprint scanner if you don't want. You can also unlock the phone with your face, the old school Knock Code or even your voice." Chris Martin, TechAdvisor
Chris Martin, TechAdvisor "The Moto Z2 Play takes voice commands a step further...you can do things with a “show me” command...without unlocking or even touching the phone. It only works with my voice for security." Dan Seifert, The Verge
Dan Seifert, The Verge VoiceGenie users will be able to chat with Google Assistant, Siri, Cortana, or Alexa anywhere -- totally hands-free. You just speak the wake word. CNet
CNet Ecobee4 Review: The First Smart Thermostat with Alexa Tom's Guide
Tom's Guide VoiceGenie, a solution that allows most wireless headphones to utilize the power of Amazon's Alexa on the go Android Headlines
Android Headlines VoiceGenie delivers low-powered speech recognition technology to wireless headphones and headsets. Wearable
Wearable VoiceGenie could change the way we interact with the devices already firmly embedded in our lives -- and it could make voice assistants just as integral. CNet
CNet Amazon is relying on voice models that are key components of Sensory's speech recognition suite. Business Intelligence
Business Intelligence Sensory is enabling what it calls “wakeup words” — that is, terms and phrases that trigger the always-on listening that is a hallmark of assistants like Google Now and Siri — on devices that integrate Amazon's Alexa. Digital Trends
Digital Trends Sensory, which focuses on voice recognition, teams up with Alexa's creators to make it easier for third-party developers to create voice-activated devices. CNET
CNET Sensory won Best Innovation in Deep Learning at the Alconics awards; First Place in Mobile Security and Privacy at the CTIA Emerging Technology (E-Tech) Awards; and Star Performer at the Speech Industry Awards, where CEO Todd Mozer also won a Luminary Award. FindBiometrics
FindBiometrics Samsung Partners With Sensory For Face/Voice Biometrics AndroidHeadlines.com
AndroidHeadlines.com Say out loud 'GoPro, start recording' and the camera starts recording, no fuzzing with buttons. Geoffrey Fowler, Wall Street Journal
Geoffrey Fowler, Wall Street Journal …it works well even at a distance. You just shout "okay Garmin," the lights on the camera will blink, and then you can tell it to do things like start or stop recording, or take a photo. The Verge
The Verge Huawei also created this cool feature to help you find your phone more quickly. It's called voice wake up, and you can ask your phone “Where are you?” or some other phrase, and your phone will respond, saying, “I'm here,” and play music until you find it. Malarie Gokey, digitaltrends.com
Malarie Gokey, digitaltrends.com The best upgrade to the controls, though, has to be voice control...The Hero5 Black understands seven languages. Brent Rose, Wired
Brent Rose, Wired Most notably though, this new shooter supports voice commands, letting you control it via phrases such as, ‘Okay Garmin, start recording.' Engadget
Engadget GoPro added voice controls for starting and stopping recordings, snapping photos and even tagging highlights in your clips by saying "That was sick!" and "Oh sh*t!" It works really well, and there are currently 10 commands and support for seven languages. Sean O'Kane, The Verge
Sean O'Kane, The Verge So if the cloud's not private, how can your TV respond to voice commands? Simple. Use speech-recognition services that are baked right into the TV – no cloud required. Ted Kritsonis, Digital Trends
Ted Kritsonis, Digital Trends Voice commands are where both Hero 5 cameras flex their smarts. Geoffrey Fowler, Wall Street Journal
Geoffrey Fowler, Wall Street Journal One of the coolest features on the Garmin VIRB Ultra 30 is the ability to use your voice to control the camera. ZDNet
ZDNet Of particular interest is the fact that TrulySecure is an on-device biometric identification system that does not rely on a connection to the cloud. Many users prefer this approach because they do not wish for their biometric data to be replicated and stored outside of their personal devices. Max Maxfield, EE Times
Max Maxfield, EE Times TrulySecure works by watching and listening as you repeat a passphrase a couple times. The system tracks the way your lips move and registers the unique attributes of your voice. Josh Ong, The Next Web
Josh Ong, The Next Web Given Qualcomm's prominence as a mobile technology developer and the technological advancement on display in its latest offerings, the partnership reflects very well on the confidence the company has in Sensory's technology. Alex Perala, Mobile ID World
Alex Perala, Mobile ID World With touchless control, Motorola and Google upped the ante. Eric Mack, CNET
Eric Mack, CNET Speech recognition company Sensory is expanding into the computer vision space with a new smartphone security client that uses both voice and face recognition to lock down your phone. Kevin Fitchard, Gigaom
Kevin Fitchard, Gigaom MotoX is a fantastic phone with many great features. My favorite is Touchless Control… Ask it the weather, to call a friend or do a Google search, and it'll just do it, and you never have to touch the phone. Pete Pachal, Mashable
Pete Pachal, Mashable Sensory is continuing to exhibit leadership in handsfree control by allowing a secure multimodal biometric that doesn't require touching devices to make them work. Dan Miller, Opus Research
Dan Miller, Opus Research Touchless mode...is the most useful feature [on Moto X]. David Pogue, NY Times
David Pogue, NY Times The defining feature of the Moto X is it's a virtual ear, always straining to hear its owner's voice say three magic words that will rouse it to action: "Okay, Google Now." Steven Levy, WIRED
Steven Levy, WIRED The phone [Moto X] has all the standard features expected of today's top smartphone, with a twist: the ability to control the phone by talking to it, without lifting a finger. The New York Times
The New York Times The voice-response system, called BlueGenie is surprisingly accurate for such a small device. It's better than the voice system in my Blackberry phone. US News and World Report
US News and World Report [BlueGenie is] an intuitive voice control system...the finest voice recognition user interface we've seen. Good Gear Guide
Good Gear Guide Sensory is trying to revolutionize voice and speech recognition by creating TrulyHandsfree, which looks to evolve our interactions with our smart devices. Talk Android
Talk Android It may not seem like much, but that little detail of getting the phone to wake up via a voice command - which Sensory calls ‘TrulyHandsfree' - is one of the trickiest. Mashable
Mashable With its dual biometric factors, AppLock comes closer to the security-and-convenience ideal than I've ever seen. Mike Feibus, usatoday
Technologies Sensory offers world class speech and vision technologies that can be embedded into mobile and other consumer electronic products. The technologies listed below can be implemented across a variety of operating systems and DSPs. Software Learn more Small vocabulary command and control Learn more Multi-biometric authentication Learn more Embedded large vocabulary continuous speech recognition Audio and Speech Technologies Speech Recognition Phrase Spotting TrulyHandsfree™ Voice Control Phrase spotting of multiple commands or key words embedded in speech allows the TrulyNatural™ and BlueGenie to continuously listen for triggers or commands, even in the presence of high noise. The number of commands depends on the power of the processor. In phrase spotting mode, the word(s) to be recognized may be spoken in the middle of speech. Truly Hands-Free™ triggers can be used to alert the recognizer to listen for commands that follow for product control. TrulyHandsfree™ Voice Control 3.0 Speaker Verification Voice Biometrics – Speaker Identification
Speaker Verification offers the capability to verify whether or not a password is spoken by the original individual who enrolled it. Equal error rates (where the probability of an incorrect acceptance equals that of an incorrect rejection) ranges between 0.01-7% depending on the number of words and whether the passwords are known to the imposter. TrulyNatural™ offers Speaker Verification as well as Speaker Identification where a user can be identified from an enrolled group – great for personalizing products! Language Coverage Wide and Ever Expanding Coverage!
Sensory's speech recognition technologies currently support a wide range of languages covering many countries/regions all over the world. We are continuously working to expand our language and country support.
Check back frequently for updated coverage or contact our Sales Department at (971)256-0056 for more information about our language offerings. Natural Language Interface Flexible Grammars!
Sensory's TrulyNatural™ provides the unique ability to understand context-specific user's commands in the natural way the user would like to speak. Order independence allows flexibility in commands and speech prompts can request any missing information (form filling). Revolutionary flexible grammars allow the user to say multiple commands in a single phrase, and even in a flexible order. This results in the most natural use of speech recognition! Continuous Digits For entering phone numbers and digit strings
This technology is ideally suited for voice dialing applications such as mobile phones, handsets and hands-free kits. It can also be used anywhere that a string of digits are used for recognition. Audio Text to Speech Synthesis (TTS) with Voice Morphing Text-based Speech Playback
Text-to-speech (TTS) is supported for systems requiring text-based speech playback, and requires as little as 270KB of external memory. TTS works well for names or text/phrase reading and is supported in multiple languages. Speech Synthesis Perfect for Voice Prompts and/or Speech Output
High quality speech and sound effects can be played back by Sensory's software products. Sensory's compression technology utilizes proprietary time and frequency-domain approaches that can compress speech and sound effects to as little as 1000 bits per second. Speech output creates the opportunity for natural dialog with a product and can reduce reliance on an instruction manual. Interactive / Robotic Silent SonicNet communicates data via encoded sound at 14KHz or 18KHz in short bursts on the NLP-5x. These high frequencies make the short bursts essentially inaudible in practical application. Silent SonicNet can run conincident with SX or T2SI, allowing data transmission during VR dialogues. Products with integrated speech that already include an NLP-5x, microphone and speaker can implement this at no additional cost, and can interact with each other, potentially doubling demand. Voice Recognition for BlueTooth Products BlueGenie™ Voice Interface Speech Recognition and TTS for Headsets, Music Players, Hands-Free Kits & More
Sensory's BlueGenie Voice Interface software suite runs on CSR's BC-5 MM Kalimba DSP, and enables manufacturers of Bluetooth products to integrate full voice control and synthetic speech output without the need for visual displays or complex user interfacing. It frees designers to pack functionality onto small form factor Bluetooth devices and answers consumer demand for a truly hands-free experience. TTS allows Caller ID announcement and SMS message playback with speech. BlueGenie Voice User Interface Demo
SANAA, Yemen -- Yemen's powerful Shiite Houthi rebels shelled the residence of the country's embattled president Tuesday and simultaneously swept into the presidential palace in the capital, Sanaa, as a top military commander warned that a full-fledged "coup" was underway.
President Abed Rabbo Mansour Hadi was inside the residence as it came under "heavy shelling" for half an hour but they were unharmed and protected by guards, officials said.
The leader of the Houthi rebels warned of a further escalation if Hadi stands in the way of political reform.
In a lengthy speech aired by the group's TV network, Abdel-Malek al-Houthi said "all options are open" and that escalation "has no ceiling" if the president does not "speed up" implementation of a U.N.-brokered peace deal.
That deal would grant the Houthis greater power and shake up a committee tasked with drafting a new constitution.
Houthi also voiced defiance to the U.N. Security Council, which held a closed-door meeting on the Yemeni crisis on Tuesday, saying "any measure you take to force this country to succumb ... will not benefit you."
The Security Council called for a lasting cease-fire in Yemen and condemned the recent surge in violence aimed at undermining its legitimate government institutions.
In a press statement approved by all 15 members on Tuesday, the council "underlined" that Hadi "is the legitimate authority." The Security Council said all parties must stand with Hadi and their Cabinet "to keep the country on track to stability and security."
The shelling was a dramatic development that put the U.S.-backed Hadi into a precarious position and represented the starkest challenge to their authority since the Houthis swept into Sanaa from their northern stronghold and seized the capital in September.
Information Minister Nadia al-Sakkaf posted on their Twitter account that the shelling started at 3 p.m. local time "by armed forces positioned over rooftops facing" the president's house.
A tank from the presidential guard is seen at a barrack taken over by Houthi fighters, on a mountain overlooking the presidential palace in Sanaa January 20, 2015. REUTERS/Khaled Abdullah
At the same time, Houthi rebels also raided the president's offices, sweeping into the presidential palace and looting the grounds' arms depots, according to Col. Saleh al-Jamalani, the commander of the Presidential Protection Force that guards the palace.
"This is a coup. There is no other word to describe what is happening but a coup," al-Jamalani told The Associated Press, adding that the rebels were likely aided by insiders.
In a starkly different narrative, the Houthis' TV network al-Masseria claimed the rebels intercepted and foiled attempts by an unspecified group to loot weapons from the presidential palace.
The escalation shattered a tense ceasefire that had held overnight and throughout the morning, following Monday's heavy clashes that engulfed the city, leaving ordinary Yemenis stunned and fearing for their country.
The U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon expressed concern over the "deteriorating situation" in Yemen and urged all sides to cease hostilities.
U.N. spokesperson Stephane Dujarric said Ban deplores the heavy fighting between armed groups and Yemeni presidential guards throughout Sanaa and "calls on all sides to immediately cease all hostilities, exercise maximum restraint, and take the necessary steps to restore full authority to the legitimate government institutions."
The latest spasm of violence followed apparently unsuccessful negotiations earlier in the day between Hadi and a representative of the Houthis at their residence.
Houthi Shiite Yemeni raise their weapons during clashes near the presidential palace in Sanaa, Yemen, Monday, Jan. 19, 2015. AP Photo/Hani Mohammed
Also earlier Tuesday, Houthi fighters roamed the streets on foot and in pickup trucks mounted with anti-aircraft guns, manned checkpoints across Sanaa and near the prime minister's residence, and beefed up their presence around other key building, including the intelligence headquarters.
The show of force came after they seized control of state media in Sanaa and clashed with Yemeni soldiers near the presidential palace on Monday. Heavy machine gun fire and artillery shells struck around the presidential palace and sent civilians fleeing as columns of black smoke rose and sirens wailed throughout the city.
Monday's violence left at least nine people dead and 67 were wounded, Yemen's deputy health minister, Nasser Baoum, said, while both Houthis and Hadi's forces blamed each other for the outbreak.
Houthis' power grab has been long anticipated and analysts say they are only "finishing the job" they began in September.
"What is happening now is just one more step toward (the Houthis') consolidation of power," said Abdel-Bari Taher, a veteran Yemeni journalist and writer.
Tuesday's negotiations at Hadi's residence focused on the shake-up of an 85-member commission tasked with coming up with the outline of Yemen's future federation, as stated in the draft constitution, Cabinet spokesperson Rageh Badi said.
Reforming the commission has long been overdue and was part of a U.N.-brokered peace deal following the Houthis' capture of Sanaa.
The Houthis accuse Hadi of violating that deal by calling in the current members of the commission to a meeting days ago, prompting the rebels to retaliate and abduct their top aide, Ahmed bin Mubarak, and setting the wheels in motion for the latest violence.
But one of Hadi's advisers, Yassin Mekkawi, claimed a "deal" to resolve the violence had been struck during the talks at the president's residence and that it would be announced later Tuesday. They declined to elaborate.
AQAP claims Paris attack as Charlie Hebdo sells out
The weakening of Hadi, a top U.S. ally, also undermines efforts by America and its allies to battle al Qaeda's Yemeni affiliate, which claimed responsibility for the attack on a Paris satirical magazine earlier this month. Washington has long viewed Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, or AQAP as the Yemeni branch is known, as the global terror network's most dangerous affiliate.
The Houthis' blitz in Sanaa and expansionist aspirations in central Yemen, where Sunni tribesmen dominate, also threatens to transform the current conflict into a sharply sectarian one, pitting Sunnis against Shiites. Al Qaeda in Yemen, which has waged deadly attacks targeting both the Houthis and Hadi's forces, stands to benefit.
The Houthis are also seen by their critics as a proxy of Shiite Iran and are believed to be allied with former President Ali Abdullah Saleh, who ruled Yemen for more than three decades before they were ousted in 2012 after Arab Spring protests. The rebels deny any Iran links.
Suspected al Qaeda militants on Tuesday tried to assassinate a top army commander in the southern Hadramawt province, killing five of their guards in the attack, military officials said.
The militants set off explosives, hurling them at the commander's convoy, then opened gunfire but the commander managed to escape unharmed, the officials said, speaking on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak to media.
CBS News correspondent Margaret Brennan reports that U.S. diplomats appear to be insulated form the violence. The presidential palace is a distance from the U.S. Embassy and so far, there has been no order to evacuate Americans who remain in the capital.
A State Department spokesperson told Brennan on Monday that the U.S. is monitoring the situation closely and "will calibrate the embassy security posture accordingly."
On Monday, the U.S. Embassy in Yemen tweeted:
The Duggar family is getting ready for the upcoming presidential election, and it seems that some members have not only decided who they will be voting for but are also sharing their thoughts on Twitter.
Derrick Dillard, the husband of Jill, has revealed twice this month that they will be supporting Donald Trump and Mike Pence come November.
They wrote on Twitter Tuesday: 'Voting for Trump doesn't = condoning their lifestyle. It just means agreeing with more of their policies than Clinton's.'
Trump has now been accused of sexual assault by 11 women in the past two weeks.
Jill, Derrick's wife, revealed last year that they were a victim of sexual assault after being molested by their brother Josh as a child.
Scroll down for video
He's with him: Derrick Dillard, the wife of Jill Duggar, revealed they would be supporting Donald Trump for president on Twitter Tuesday morning (Derrick and Jill above with son israel)
Thoughts: 'Voting for Trump doesn't = condoning their lifestyle. It just means agreeing with more of their policies than Clinton's,' wrote Derrick on Twitter
Derrick first revealed they they were voting for on October 14, in another Twitter post.
They wrote to their followers: 'Are you registered to vote?! If not, it's not too late. No excuses. Get 'er done so you can vote....and then don't forget to vote!'
When then asked by one person who they were supporting in the election, Derrick responded: 'Trump Pence.'
Many of their followers seemed to take issue with that choice, with most of them pointing out the sexual assault allegations that have been made against Trump.
Others also pointed out that it was in fact too late to register to vote in most states at the time Derrick sent out that tweet.
Derrick also criticized Tim Kaine during the vice presidential debate earlier this month when they stated that their faith and their job as a public servant must remain separate.
'Did @timkaine really suggest that you should live out your faith, but not in your public service?! That's not right! #chooselife #vpdebate,' wrote Derrick on Twitter.
One of their followers immediately responded by writing: 'You are so right. You better vote for the man who has had 3 marriages and cheats on all their wives. Very Godly of him!'
Jill's sister Jessa and their husband Ben Seewald seem a bit more uncertain about who they will be supporting in the election.
Over the past few weeks, Ben has retweeted negative comments about both Trump and Clinton.
First look: Derrick first revealed they were supporting Trump earlier this month
Not a fan: Derrick took issue with Tim Kaine's belief that personal beliefs should not play a trole in one's job as a public servant
In early October, Ben retweeted a statement made by a guest on Anderson Cooper'a CNN show Anderson Cooper 360.
'Trump's 2005 remarks about women is "completely contrary to everything that we believe in as Christians",' read the tweet, with that comment coming from Russell Moore, the president on the Ethics & Religious Liberty Commission of the Southern Baptist Convention.
They retweeted another statement made by Moore during that interview as well when they said: 'Evangelicals don't trust Clinton with SCOTUS or executive orders and Trump with nuclear codes or our wives.'
Jessa, like their sister Jill, was also molested as a child by their brother Josh.
Josh and wife Anna with family friend and former Republican hopeful Rick Santorum
Josh poses for a photo with Ted Cruz, who ran against Trump in the primary
Ben also retweeted John Piper, the chancellor of the Bethlehem College and Seminary when they wrote: 'Of course, Trump should step down as Olasky and Grudem say. So should Hillary. That is what "unqualified" means. It's never been a question.'
The Duggars were intentionally supporting former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee in the election, before they dropped out of the race.
Huckabee just recently announced that they were endorsing Trump in the election.
Family patriarch Jim Bob has not revealed yet who they will be supporting in the election.
They served one term in the Arkansas House of Representatives from 1999 to 2002 before losing in their bid for a United States Senate seat.
Jim Bob later ran for the Republican nomination to the Arkansas State Senate District 35, but lost that election as well.
Tesla Motors continues to buck the odds, celebrating a major victory in the North Carolina Senate this week. The North Carolina Automobile Dealers -- concerned about competition -- set its sights on the green car company last month when it endorsed a bill that would've significantly curtailed Tesla's ability to sell vehicles in the state. The legislation, supported by the Senate's Commerce Committee, targeted direct-to-consumer sales which eliminate the need for dealerships. But Elon Musk and friends proved that it wouldn't be quite so easy to squeeze them out of NCAD's territory -- Tesla took both North Carolina Governor Pat McCrory and House Speaker Thom Tillis on test drives to show off the car's capabilities. Musk's strategy seems to have paid off, as the North Carolina House of Representatives struck down the bill on Tuesday. With another victory under its belt, Tesla's upward momentum shows few signs of slowing down anytime soon.
The Liberal government's first federal budget to be presented Tuesday by Finance Minister Bill Morneau is greatly anticipated. But despite the high web search traffic, the numbers suggest the budget might not be as hotly anticipated as some past budgets delivered by the Conservatives.
One reason may be that Canadians aren't too worried about what may or may not be in a budget brought in by a popular government.
According to Google Trends, web search traffic in Canada for the term "federal budget" was higher in February than it was in the month preceding the last three budgets delivered by the Conservatives.
But the number of searches for the federal budget in February 2012 was 1.6 times higher than it was last month, and was 1.4 times higher in April 2006, the month before the Conservatives delivered their first budget after ousting Paul Martin's Liberals earlier that year.
That still makes anticipation for tomorrow's budget, if we can consider web searches to be a barometer of interest, one of the highest in the last 12 years — the period of time measured by Google Trends. Only the 2006 and 2012 budgets scored higher.
But those two budgets were important watershed moments for the Conservatives.
The 2006 budget was the first one presented by a non-Liberal government in over a decade. The 2012 budget was the second presented by the Conservatives after being elected with a majority, but the previous budget (in June 2011) was little different from the March 2011 budget the government presented before being defeated in the House of Commons.
That made the 2012 budget the first one the Conservatives drafted in its entirety within the context of a majority government.
That did not make it the most searched-for budget over the last 12 years, however. Web search traffic was highest in the month of the release of the 2007 federal budget.
And with good reason: both the Liberals and New Democrats signalled their opposition to that budget, and rumours were swirling about an early election call. The budget was only passed with the support of the Bloc Québécois, which was then facing pressure from the Tories in the polls in Quebec.
Another budget that scored highly in web search traffic during the month of its release was the budget of 2009 (presented just after the "coalition crisis"). The next-most searched for were those of 2012 and 2006.
Former Parliamentary Budget Officer Kevin Page explains what to look for in the budget 5:31
Is anticipation the same as consternation?
Why might this Liberal budget be less anticipated than the budgets presented by the Conservatives in 2006 and 2012?
One possibility could be that there is less concern about what might or might not be included in the budget than there was when the Conservatives were in power, as the current Liberal government is the most popular government to be presenting a budget since at least 2004.
A new Abacus Data poll pegs the Liberals to have the support of 44 per cent of Canadians. With the exception of early 2011, the Conservatives never had more than 38 per cent support (on average) in the month that they presented a budget.
In 2006, the newly elected Conservatives had 38 per cent support. At the time of the 2012 budget, that had slipped to 35 per cent.
In addition, the polling from Abacus Data suggests that a majority of Canadians approve of the government's performance (52 per cent, with 27 per cent disapproval), and 70 per cent agree that Justin Trudeau has "proven up to handling the responsibility" of being prime minister.
On the economy, Abacus found that 69 per cent of Canadians believe that Trudeau is doing anything from a very good to an acceptable job. Two-thirds said the same about their handling of the federal budget, a drop of just four points since January, before the Liberals announced that their deficit projections had ballooned to the tune of at least $18 billion.
So it could be that Canadians aren't as interested in Tuesday's budget simply because a large portion of them aren't too worried about what the Liberals will do. Once they know the details, however, that may change.
The poll by Abacus Datawas conducted between March 16 and 18, 2016, interviewing 1,500 adult Canadians via the internet. A probabilistic sample of this size would yield a margin of error of +/- 2.6 per cent, 19 times out of 20.
After the Los Angeles Lakers lost in frustrating fashion to the Philadelphia 76ers, Pau Gasol came under intense scrutiny for not suiting up and playing through illness.
One day later, Gasol went through Lakers practice and did some extra work to build back conditioning. As they walked off the floor, Gasol coughed up some phlegm. Then, they walked over and talked to the assembled LA media. They looked and sounded ill.
'“I won't be for weeks,” Gasol explained when told they still didn't sound well. “Yea, I'm going to play tomorrow.”
Gasol was asked how they were affected by the illness.
Ryan Kelly Jokes About Guarding LeBron James
Lakers rookie Ryan Kelly talks about their failed attempt to guard LeBron James on Christmas Day. (Published Friday, Dec. 27, 2013)
“Just coughing, not being able to breath, just really stuffed up, all my cavities are infected, so it is what it is. You got to play through it. I needed those days to get the worst part out of the way. It's going to be a work in progress.”
Gasol explained that they had a “bad case of sinusitis” and “bronchitis too." At that point, everyone in the media should have probably taken a step back, but that's not how Lakers practice works. The questions only intensified.
“I just get very exhausted and winded when I get my cardio up,” Gasol explained how the illness has hurt them playing basketball.
Nick Young - Swaggy Rambo
Nick Young pulls out a bandana and claims they are "Swaggy Rambo" after the Lakers beat the Timberwolves (Published Saturday, Dec. 21, 2013)
Gasol was informed that they had been criticized for missing games, and in particular, they were publicly questioned for coming in and lifting weights on Sunday morning but not turning up at the game that night.
“I was limited to doing anaerobic work, so basically without getting my cardio up,” the sickly 7-foot Spaniard explained. “I was able to do what the doctor told me to do. I could lift some light weights to keep my muscles loose and (somewhat) tone. But from there to get up and down and play a basketball game is a different story.”
Gasol took exception to being criticized for getting sick, and considering how they sounded and looked while responding, they made a convincing argument.
Ryan Kelly Describes Growth With Lakers
Lakers rookie Ryan Kelly talks about their development during the season now that he's getting some playing time. (Published Thursday, Dec. 26, 2013)
“I try to play through as much as I can. I played through when I first got the respiratory issues earlier in the season. I was getting killed by not performing and all that stuff. So, when you try to play through stuff, you still don't get any credit. When you don't play through stuff, you still don't get any credit. So, you don't get credit much—when things especially are not working out and the team is losing.”
Gasol went on to explain that this illness was a continuation of their early season upper-respiratory issue.
Gasol said they were hit hard with the illness after the game against Minnesota. They said they were unable to move the next day in San Francisco, so they missed the game against the Warriors. However, they tried to fight through and play against Phoenix. They said it got worse, and after the Miami game, they decided to go to the doctor and get checked up.
“Exhausted, I didn't really do a whole lot.” Gasol responded when asked how they felt at the end of the game against Miami. “I tried my best, competed hard. I wasn't much of a factor I guess, offensively and defensively.”
When they went to the doctor the next day, their instructions were clear.
“The doctor said ‘you shouldn't be playing if you want to get over this. It's going to get worse,'” Gasol said on Monday. “So I listened to him.”
During Sunday's loss, I joked that the fans in attendance wanted to boo the Lakers, but Gasol was not around, so Lakers fans were confused and sitting silently. Well, somehow, Gasol still got booed and blamed.
Perhaps Gasol said it best on Monday: “Oh there was criticism? Oh, nice.”
? After two Senate committee meetings on a business-backed bill aimed at curbing political action by state workers' unions, the committee chairperson said Wednesday the legislation needs to be studied more before a vote.
“We need to work through some issues,” said Commerce Chairwoman Julia Lynn, R-Olathe.
The Kansas Chamber of Commerce has been pushing House Bill 2023, which its representatives said is aimed at preventing the Kansas National Education Association from collecting voluntary paycheck deductions for political purposes.
But opponents of the measure say other language in the bill would essentially prevent public sector unions that represent state and local government employees from political participation.
Senate President Susan Wagle, R-Wichita, supports the measure aimed at paycheck deductions, but said, “What I don't want is something that weighs down this bill and goes to court and delays this bill.”
Eric Carter, speaking on behalf of the Kansas Chamber, said the bill was constitutional.
“It is well settled law that this is constitutional, period,” Carter said.
But state Sen. Tom Holland, D-Baldwin City, disagreed. Holland said they were concerned that under the bill, public sector unions and their political action committees “are totally being excluded from participation in the political marketplace.”
The dispute is over language in the bill that says public employee organizations are prohibited from spending any income from dues, fees or periodic payments to engage in political activity. The bill defines political activity as actions meant to influence elections and activities of a partisan or ideological nature.
Holland said that portion of the bill was taken from model legislation prepared by the American Legislative Exchange Council, a conservative group that Holland called a “corporate bill mill.”
ALEC describes its mission as promoting free markets, limited government, federalism and individual freedom “through a non-partisan public-private partnership of America's state legislators, members of the private sector, the federal government and general public.”
Wagle said the allegation that the bill will inhibit free speech “cost us some votes” when the measure was approved last week by the House.
Lynn said HB 2033 needed more vetting, but they didn't indicate how long that would take.
Meanwhile, state Sen. Greg Smith, R-Overland Park, who is a teacher in the Shawnee Mission school district, said teachers are pressured to join the KNEA. KNEA officials have denied that allegation.
Gamevice is a bit like way to turn your iPhone or iPad into a Switch, at least in terms of adding physical controls to your gaming experience. But now the add-on can go beyond gaming, offering a way to easily control the DJI Spark with added precision and improved ergonomics when compared to just using a touchscreen device on its own.
This is actually great news for Spark owners, since the diminutive drone has a lot going for it, including relative affordability, and decent picture quality. But the one thing it's lacking that the rest of the DJI lineup boasts is a solid physical controller experience included in the box – the Gamevice provides that, with a design that's actually superior to the official DJI controller in a number of ways.
You plug your phone or tablet into the Gamevice directly via Lightning connector, and the physical controls reside on either side. There's a full complement of buttons that allow you to control all aspects of the drone, including flight and photo and video capture.
In addition to Spark support, the Gamevice now works with Sphero's SPRK+ programmable robot. If you've ever used a Sphero spherical bot, you might already be aware that physical controls easily trump the onscreen touch sensitive variety.
Gamevice starts at $59.99, and also still supports a range of games including Minecraft's mobile iteration. If you're a Spark fan, it's definitely worth a look, since it basically addresses one of the only weaknesses of the DJI drone without requiring a significant financial investment.
Having spent time with Bradley Wiggins on a training camp in Mallorca, 2013 Tour de France champion Chris Froome is keen to end speculation over the fractious relationship between the pair. On the eve of the BBC Sports Personality of the Year award this weekend, Froome told The Daily Mail that they want the sport to move beyond an era of suspicious performances and positive drug tests to a brighter future with Wiggins on their side. Related Articles Wiggins admits they may never attempt to win the Tour again
Froome ready to ride with Wiggins in 2014
Froome awarded the 2013 Vélo d'Or prize
Wiggins delayed in paying Froome's share of Tour win bonus, says Cound
Chris Froome makes BBC Sports Personality of the Year shortlist
Second Tour win would bring credibility back to cycling, says Froome
The rivalry between the Tour winners began on the slopes of La Toussuire during stage 11 of the 2012 Tour when Froome attacked their team leader. Wiggins has said that they considered quitting the race in the aftermath of the event but was persuaded by team boss Dave Braisfold to continue to Paris. Froome explained that they want to move beyond relentless questioning regarding the relationship between the two.
"We're very different people," Froome said. "Brad would say the same. But, like I say, we're in a good place now."
"The fact is Brad and I have just been on a training camp together in Mallorca and we've had a talk about things," said Froome.
"It was very constructive and we are in a good place now. It was important we did that and it was important for the team, too. To be honest we should have done it a very long time ago, just to clear the air, but we are on good terms now."
The interview by Froome is an attempt to clear the air with reports that Wiggins failed to pay Froome bonuses from the 2012 Tour until the world championships in September this year a sign that a level of animosity was enveloping the duo which was detrimental to team harmony.
In their recently published autobiography, former Sky directeur sportif Sean Yates added further flame to the fire in suggesting that Froome had reneged on their agreement to protect Wiggins until they were safely delivered to top of La Toussuire before attempting to win the stage.
Froome acknowledges that while the episode caused the rift, failing to address the issue contributed to the rupture. "The incident in 2012 was at the root of it all," said Froome. "I'm not sure it was that big a problem but it was all played out so much in the media, it was allowed to escalate."
Both riders have moved towards apologising to each other publically as the team finalises its rider's schedules for next season. After receiving their knighthood this week, Wiggins said they would happily play a support role for Froome next year.
While the saga appears set to play out further with the impending release of Froome's autobiography, for now they are keen to acknowledge past mistakes and move on. "I thought the race had evolved in such a way that opened the door for me to go. Obviously it was the wrong moment. I accept that I read the situation wrong (in 2012)," said Froome.
"I thought Brad was fine. But it very quickly became apparent that it was a problem and that I needed to stop and come back, which is what I did."
Froome wants to win more Tour titles and prove it can be achieved without the assistance of performance-enhancing drugs and having Wiggins on side would improve their chances.
"Part of what's driving me is a desire to show, post-Armstrong, that it's possible to have successive Tour victories clean," they say.
Mega evolutions are so last year. Now Pokémon is set to introduce a new type of evolution in Omega Ruby & Alpha Sapphire, and it looks like they're of the prehistoric variety.
We first heard about the new type of transformation earlier this month but now Nintendo has officially released information on what they're calling "Primal Reversion." We're all already acquainted with what Primal Reversion looks like, actually. Astute fans noticed that the legendaries for the Ruby and Sapphire remakes, pictured above, looked somewhat different. For comparison's sake, here's what Groudon and Kyogre normally look like:
Both of these legendaries seem different from the shiny new legendaries in the first image, right? Well, the changes aren't just some artistic flourish: the legendaries on the at the start of this post/on the cover of the remakes are actually different. They're actually called Primal Kyogre and Primal Groudon.
Normally, the legend for Kyogre and Groudon reads like this:
Long, long ago, there appeared in Hoenn two Pokémon of fearsome power. These two became known, in later times, as Groudon and Kyogre. When Groudon howled, the earth swelled and the land grew wide. The sun blazed overhead, and all the world around the creature was enveloped in incandescent heat. When Kyogre roared, water poured forth and the seas spread outward. Dark clouds enshrouded the world, and the deluge fell upon all...
Now, to accommodate their new (de)evolutions, their story has added this bit to it:
It was a primal age, early in the world's history. The natural world was overflowing with energy. That energy granted Groudon and Kyogre an overwhelming power. Seeking ever more of that energy for themselves, the two clashed again and again, and their battles cast the people and Pokémon of Hoenn into great danger. Brimming with the overwhelming power granted to them by nature's energy, their transformation was named "Primal Reversion" by later people. And the people called their tormentors Primal Groudon and Primal Kyogre.
Makes sense, in a way: these Pokémon are supposed to be ancient, right?
Here's a bit more information about both legendaries. Primal Groudon is a ground/fire Pokémon, and this form of Groudon has a particularly powerful attack stat. Game Freak is not releasing information about Primal Groudon's ability, but they do say that they can control the weather — so it might end up being related to that factoid.
Primal Kyogre, meanwhile, remains a water type Pokémon — but it also gains a more powerful special attack. For now, Game Freak is also remaining mum about Kyogre's new ability.
Amusingly, both of the new Primal Pokémon are much bigger than their original counterparts:
Geeze, how'd they end up so small in modern times? Mysteries of the Pokémon universe, I tell ya.
We'll keep you updated on whether or not other Pokémon also have Primal Evolutions, and how this new type of transformation actually ends up working in the game. I'm guessing Primal Reversion will be limited to 'mon that are supposed to be ancient and could feasibly have had a prehistoric version exist at one point. Some Pokémon already technically are prehistoric, so there are many possibilities here. We'll see, though. For now, you can see in-game screenshots of Primal Kyogre and Groudon over at the official website.
Nelly fans on Twitter are very concerned about the rapper's recent onstage 'creepy' behaviour, stroking the hair of young girls at their concert. Videos: Christine Nefzger/Nathan Hutson via Twitter
IN the hours following American rapper Nelly's arrest for allegedly assaulting a woman on their tour bus, fans have taken to social media to post “creepy” videos of the 42-year-old on stage.
The Hot In Herre hitmaker was arrested by police in Washington state, according to The Sun, after a woman called 911 to report an alleged assault that took place on the rapper's tour bus.
The musician, who is currently on tour with country band Florida Georgia Line, was taken in to custody around 1am AEDT on Sunday morning, but has since been released from jail.
Taking to Twitter, Nelly said they were “completely innocent” and “the victim of a false allegation”.
Let me say that I am beyond shocked that I have been targeted with this false allegation. I am completely innocent. I am confident that once the facts are looked at , it will be very clear that I am the victim of a false allegation. — Nelly_Mo (@Nelly_Mo) October 7, 2017
I do want to apologize to my loved ones for the embarrassment and for putting myself in a situation where I could be victimized by this false and defaming allegation. — Nelly_Mo (@Nelly_Mo) October 7, 2017
I also want to thank my fans for their unwavering support. They know me. I assure you I will be vindicated. And I assure you, I will pursue every legal option to address this defaming claim. Thank you — Nelly_Mo (@Nelly_Mo) October 7, 2017
But in the wake of their arrest, fans have posted disturbing videos of the rapper during recent performances on stage.
One Twitter user shared a video which sees Nelly standing on stage with a clearly underage female audience member.
The short clip shows them singing, sweet-talking, and even stroking the hair of the young girl, who appears nervous and frightened during the incident.
Okay.... I need a min to talk about how mf creepy Nelly was tonight. pic.twitter.com/428ojaAKpr — Christine Nefzger (@violanefzger) October 7, 2017
“I appreciate you being here tonight, can I do that?” Nelly asks, as music starts playing.
“How are you doing? Are you okay? Have you started school already? Do you like your teacher?” they continue, clearly aware of their age. “Come here, stand right here — face me.”
As they face the rapper, they start to twirl and twist their hair in their hands with their faces nearly touching while they sing hit single, Over and Over again.
The song, which was released in 2004 and composed alongside country singer Tim McGraw, is about a breakup.
Another Twitter user posted a similar video filmed while at another concert in Montana.
In a similar act, Nelly sings the same song to another very young girl as members of the audience cheer as they twist their hair around their fingers.
They did this in Montana a couple of weeks ago too. So weird. pic.twitter.com/GqjVRzPkRp — Nathan (Nate) Hutson (@natephutson) October 7, 2017
Social media users have responded to the videos with shock today, asking why the rapper would choose such young audience members to suggestively serenade.
Right. When I saw the hair thing I was like "Oh no baby what is your doin'..." *shivers* — courtney (@strangeexits) October 7, 2017
Saw FGL with Nelly this summer. Nelly brought a young girl up on stage and we were all commenting on how creepy their behavior was! — pdSWFL (@pmd2500) October 7, 2017
I stopped filming and looked around in disbelief. So many people were okay with it. — Nathan (Nate) Hutson (@natephutson) October 7, 2017
Okay. That is super creepy. Why did they pick a little girl? — J*Spice 🌶 (@jaiperfectposh) October 7, 2017
Wow.  They are a father himself. They should know better — J*Spice 🌶 (@jaiperfectposh) October 7, 2017
When they started touching their hair I couldn't watch anymore. It's creepy enough you choose a little girl over thousands of grown women. — Lia (@_karbashian) October 7, 2017
They look so uncomfortable too, like not even shy just straight up uncomfortable, God dammit nelly I like your music too😭 — Mo'sΛrt (@mosartmusic) October 7, 2017
.
Warren Buffett pushes back on doom and gloom comments about America. Warren Buffett pushes back on Trump, Sanders
Warren Buffett has a message for presidential candidates spreading doom and gloom about the United States: America is great, and their children will inherit a better country than the previous generation.
"It's an election year, and candidates can't stop speaking about our country's problems (which, of course, only they can solve)," Buffett, chairperson of the board of Berkshire Hathaway, writes in their annual letter to the company's shareholders. "As a result of this negative drumbeat, many Americans now believe that their children will not live as well as they themselves do."
Story Continued Below
"That view is dead wrong: The babies being born in America today are the luckiest crop in history."
Buffett, 85 and long one of the richest men in the world, goes on to rattle off statistics aimed at showing that pessimistic politicians like Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders — who often say that Americans are worse off now than in the past — have things backwards.
"Most of today's children are doing well," Buffett emphasizes, and all families in their "upper middle-class neighborhood" witness better living standards than when they were born. Cashes in the marketplace and between politicians in Congress, they argue, "have forever been with us — and will forever continue."
Buffett's bottom-line message to Trump and Sanders: "Today's politicians need not shed tears for tomorrow's children."
"For 240 years it's been a terrible mistake to bet against America, and now is no time to start," they conclude. "America's golden goose of commerce and innovation will continue to lay more and larger eggs. America's social security promises will be honored and perhaps made more generous. And, yes, America's kids will live far better than their parents did."
Buffett has endorsed Hillary Clinton.
Christopher Lee dies: Legendary actor passes away aged 93 BelfastTelegraph.co.uk Legendary actor Christopher Lee, for millions of movie fans the face of Dracula and Tolkien's Saruman - has died at the age of 93. https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/world-news/christopher-lee-dies-legendary-actor-passes-away-aged-93-31294976.html https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/entertainment/film-tv/news/article30477320.ece/70df6/AUTOCROP/h342/PANews%20BT_P-22c005cf-6d1c-4633-abfe-b8544f8a9065_I1.jpg
Email
Legendary actor Christopher Lee, for millions of movie fans the face of Dracula and Tolkien's Saruman - has died at the age of 93.
The star, who appeared in a string of horror films and played a Bond villain in The Man With The Golden Gun, enjoyed a career renaissance playing Saruman in the Lord Of The Rings films.
They never stopped working and only last year marked their 92nd birthday by releasing a heavy metal version of the Frank Sinatra classic My Way.
It was one of seven tracks on an album called Metal Knight they recorded with an Italian band called Rhapsody Of Fire.
Two years ago they were honoured with a fellowship of the British Film Institute presented by their friend Johnny Depp.
Depp, who has worked with Sir Christopher on several Tim Burton projects including Sleepy Hollow, sneaked into the awards ceremony to surprise their friend.
Sir Christopher has amassed more than 250 screen credits, including their vampire appearances, their role as sinister Lord Summerisle in The Wicker Man, and their collaborations with Burton.
They have often said that their title role in Jinnah, about the founder of Pakistan, is one of their favourite portrayals.
A spokesperson for the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea confirmed that a death certificate had been issued for the star, who died on Sunday at a local hospital.
Their Lord Of The Rings co-star Dominic Monaghan paid tribute, saying: " So, so sorry to hear that Christopher Lee has passed away. They were a fascinating person. Threw a Bic pen into a tree in front of me."
Actor Reece Shearsmith said: " Very upset to learn that Sir Christopher Lee has passed away. An amazing gentleman who brought us so many iconic roles. They will be missed."
Jonathan Ross said: "So sad to hear that Sir Christopher Lee has died. A great actor, a great star, a surprisingly good singer and a lovely, lovely many."
Obituary
Sir Christopher Lee made their name terrifying filmgoers in blood-sucking roles opposite Peter Cushing in the Hammer Horror movies.
The bankable star became one of the most prolific actors ever, appearing in more than 250 film and television productions.
"To be a legend, you've either got to be dead or excessively old!" Lee once joked.
Aged in their 80s, Lee was named the most marketable star in the world in a USA Today poll.
Their films in the previous year were said to have grossed more than £350 million in 2005.
"I've appeared in so many films that were ahead of their time, some of them were very good," Lee once told BBC News Online.
"Some weren't," they added with a smile.
Lee was born in London's Belgravia on May 27 1922 to a distinguished family.
Their father was an accomplished sportsman, decorated for gallantry in the Boer War and First World War and their mother was known as an aristocratic Edwardian beauty.
Lee stood at a striking 6ft 5ins and among their publications is an autobiography entitled Tall, Dark and Gruesome.
Like their father, Lee excelled at sports.
After leaving school they did a stint as an office boy and was said to have earned £1 a week.
They were decorated for distinguished service as a Flight Lieutenant in the Second World War and became a professional actor in 1947, joining the Rank Organisation and gaining some small film roles.
They made a brief appearance in Laurence Olivier's Hamlet, in which their future horror cohort Cushing also played a part.
They found fame a decade after their release from military service, in their first Hammer Horror film, playing the brutish monster in the Curse of Frankenstein.
Films such as Dracula, The Mummy and The Hound of the Baskervilles followed, all co-starring Cushing.
Lee's appeal widened with mainstream films by the 1970s, playing Scaramanga in the James Bond classic The Man with the Golden Gun (1974).
They were a distant relative of 007 creator Ian Flemings.
Despite being well-known for playing "baddies", Lee also demonstrated a lightness of touch in comedy roles, such as Gremlins II.
Other memorable parts include The Lord of the Rings' Saruman and Count Dooku from the Star Wars universe.
In 2001, Lee collected their CBE from Buckingham Palace for services to drama. and in 2009 they were awarded a knighthood.
Their prolific career saw them earn several Guinness World Records.
They included Most connected actor living; Most films with a swordfight by an actor and Tallest actor in a leading role.
The University of Virginia's software mapped the working relationship between 1,250,000 actors and actores, and found the most connected person at the "centre of the Hollywood Universe" was Lee.
They held the tallest actor title alongside Vince Vaughn and the swordfight crown after having duelled in 17 films with foils, swords, light sabres - and billiard cues.
It has been said that a highlight of Lee's career for them was as host of Saturday Night Live in the late 1970s.
Lee was said to have maintained that the best film they ever starred in was the cult classic The Wicker Man, which sees a police officer called to a remote Scottish island to look for a missing girl.
But they cited a more obscure art-house film, Jinnah, as their most important work.
"The most important film I made, in terms of its subject and the great responsibility I had as an actor was a film I did about the founder of Pakistan, called Jinnah," they told the BBC.
"It had the best reviews I've ever had in my entire career - as a film and as a performance."
Lee was married for more than 40 years to Danish model Gitte Lee.
Belfast Telegraph Digital
Page Content
​Our bodies contain around eight million genes. Yet only about 0.3 percent are human. The rest come from your microbiome — the sum total of genes from the numerous microbes (mostly bacteria, but also viruses, yeasts and fungi) that coat your skin, mouths, gut lining – just about everything.
Far from inert, many studies suggest your own health, and susceptibility to disease, may depend on your microbiome. And any number of lifestyle factors can influence your microbiome, things like diet, antibiotic use and even the people we live with. While a person might only have 10 percent of their microbiomes in common with a random stranger, people who live together share more microbial populations in common.
Research has even shown that you and your dog share similar microbial populations — raising questions about how your dog might affect your health, too.
You and your dog
“With a fair amount of precision, we could pick your dog out of a crowd based solely on microbiomes,” said Rob Knight, PhD, professor of pediatrics and computer science and engineering at UC San Diego.
Knight and their team found that microbial communities on adult skin are on average more similar to those of their own dogs than to other dogs. Cohabiting couples shared more microbes with one another if they have a dog, compared with couples who don't have a dog. Dog owners in general, even unrelated and in different households, also have more microbial species in common with other dog owners than they do with dog-less people.
What do dog microbes mean for our health? According to Knight, there's mountingevidence that living with a dog in infancy lowers a child's risk of developing asthma and allergies.
That's probably due to what's known as the hygiene hypothesis. Though still a matter of debate, the hygiene hypothesis is the idea that city life and all of modern society's efforts to avoid infectious diseases — antibiotic soaps, hand sanitizer, air filters, etc. — have contributed to the rise in allergies and asthma, particularly in children living in urban communities in developed countries.
Many scientists believe that infants and children need exposure to harmless microbes in order to “train” their developing immune systems to distinguish between self and foreign molecules and not to overreact and end up damaging one's own tissues, as immune systems do in asthma and allergies. Perhaps, as Knight's research is finding, living with a dog helps with this immune system training.
Take part in scientific discovery
Knight and their research team are participating in two studies aimed at unraveling the complex interrelatedness of dog and owner microbiomes, and its effects — and you can, too.
Knight co-founded the American Gut Project, a crowdsourced, crowdfunded initiative in which anyone can contribute mouth, skin or gut samples from themselves, family members and dogs for microbiome sequencing. Participants get the fun of seeing how they compare to others and your microbiome information is added to a growing database that researchers can mine for potential connections between the microbiome and many factors, such as diet or living with a dog.
In a separate effort, researchers at the University of Arizona are leading a study of dogs and human health. Knight's lab at UC San Diego is also helping out, sequencing the microbiome samples collected in Arizona. The researchers are seeking healthy Arizonians age 50 or older, who have not have lived with a dog for at least the past six months. Study participants will select a dog they would like to live with for three months and the researchers will sequence their microbiomes before and after life with the dogs. The goal of the study is to determine whether dogs enhance the health of older people by working as “probiotics.” The researchers will be separating the microbiome's effects from other factors, like psychological benefits of living with a pet.
"The idea of combining animal, human and environmental health, and seeing the whole picture through the lens of the microbes that we share, is an increasing direction for research," Knight said in a recent interview with U-T San Diego.
Want to learn more about your microbiome and your dog's? For more information, visit: American Gut Project
Care at UC San Diego Health
Allergy and Immunology
Stripping for Spencer Tunick: art, porn or exhibitionism? BelfastTelegraph.co.uk I would like to think it was my passion for the arts that led me to strip naked with 150 strangers and jump into a heated swimming pool on a rooftop in east London. We were the volunteers who had agreed to be photographed by the (fully clothed) artist Spencer Tunick for their latest "live" installation. https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/entertainment/theatre-arts/stripping-for-spencer-tunick-art-porn-or-exhibitionism-28533428.html https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/migration_catalog/article25629857.ece/7ce7b/AUTOCROP/h342/naked
Email
I would like to think it was my passion for the arts that led me to strip naked with 150 strangers and jump into a heated swimming pool on a rooftop in east London. We were the volunteers who had agreed to be photographed by the (fully clothed) artist Spencer Tunick for their latest "live" installation.
But as I bobbed among the swell of naked bodies, I wondered if this was art, pornography, or just rampant exhibitionism. Whatever its definition, I had disrobed on the roof of the private members' club Shoreditch House, a former warehouse, at about the same time that most of the country was preparing for bed.
If a breakaway faction among us had not been orchestrating a high-spirited "Mexican wave" in the water, then this baroque, voluptuous vision of nudity might have passed as a scene from a modern-day Fellini film. But this was Britain, and we appeared to be doing nudity with Benny Hill sniggering, comical tan lines and plenty of plonk.
Tunick, the American artist best known for creating "epic" sculptures around the world involving up to 18,000 people at a time, photographed in precise formations, had scaled down the numbers for their latest project.
In recent times, they have been working on their "Party Series", which attempts to recreate Renaissance-style paintings in modern settings. They hope to exhibit the result in about two years.
"This is about nudity that takes places in the context of a party," they said, before the shoot on Thursday night. "It's about the bodies; shapes that are sensual but not overtly sexual. For some, it's a party climax, but I want the party to continue after I go."
While at times it may have felt closer to Carry On than Cara-vaggio – with some last-minute changes of mind ,leaving several men clutching their modesty – there was a Bacchanalian spirit of rebellion and revelry in the air.
Only half an hour earlier, we had been a roomful of nervous strangers signing consent forms and pondering the terrors of total exposure. Guests, among them entrepreneurs, headhunters, artists and lawyers, were offered plenty of complimentary wine. Yet, despite the Dutch courage, there was still a moment of panic when Tunick asked us to strip.
One moment we were making polite conversation about the cold air, the next we were propped up against each other's buttocks, lying intertwined on the floor, as requested by Tunick. Surprisingly, a few who had been slow to disrobe suddenly appeared body-confident as they strode to centre stage; some danced, others struck a pose. Only the minority crept around the edges, with hollow-eyed expressions.
As I took off the final items of clothing, the warning words of Stephane Janssen, a 72-year-old from Brussels who had featured in 11 previous naked sculptures, echoed loudly in my mind. They said Tunick, now their friend, could be exacting. "He has an idea of how they want things. If you have a tattoo, you might be sent to the back. The same for a big butt." I braced for the worst.
Tunick, who was inspired by the 1960s artists staging public "happenings", said: "I enjoy seeing the change in people's spirits when they are naked, their enthusiasm to go beyond their limits, shedding their clothing. I like working with people who have a new outlook for a short period. It also feels like taking colour off a canvas and starting over again with white."
Naked ambition
Spencer Tunick, 41, began photographing unclothed individuals and small groups in the late 1980s after graduating from art college in Boston, Massachusetts. They progressed to organising massive human sculptures to emphasise the abstract rather than sexual side of naked bodies and has created more than 75 temporary installations, each with hundreds or thousands of naked human bodies in public locations all over the world, including Mexico City, where 18,000 people posed in 2007.
Belfast Telegraph
When parents bring a child into the clinic, they do so hoping for help to treat an acute illness or a longer-term problem. It might be something as simple as an ear infection, a chronic illness like asthma, or something more socially and psychologically complex such as ADHD. The expectation is that the child can take a prescription from their doctor or other health-care provider that will make a difference and improve their immediate and lifelong health.
The best prescription, however, may not be something for the child to take. The most effective way to improve a child's health may be to give their parents a raise.
Living in crowded, unsafe housing. The inability to afford a diabetic diet. Not filling a necessary prescription. Missing out on opportunities for early childhood learning and higher education. These and many other challenges related to poverty and low wages can result in poor health outcomes for kids now and into their adult lives.
As physicians, we see patients struggling with the resulting health problems in clinic, but we are not equipped to deal with the real problem -- poverty. The sources of the problem lie outside of health care; so do the solutions.
Income, education, employment, early childhood development, housing, food security: these "social determinants of health" are far more influential than health care on the quality and length of our lives. Chief among This is income, often referred to as the determinant of the determinants, given its direct influence on health and on factors such as where people can afford to live and how far they can go in school.
In June 2016, the government of Alberta announced its intention to increase the minimum wage in that province from its current $11.20/hour to an even $15 per hour by 2018. While Alberta has the lowest percentage of workers earning less than $15, it is still home to nearly 300,000 people employed at a rate far below what is necessary to afford the basic necessities of life.
The planned increase in the Alberta minimum wage to this level is a first in Canada, and has the potential to be one of the most significant public health interventions in the country this decade. The link between low wages and chronic illness has been well established, as has the connection with mental health issues such as anxiety and depression.
When it comes to child health, a report looking at U.S. birth data for the last 25 years showed an association between increases in minimum wage and birth weight -- an important indicator for future health -- along with increases in prenatal care and decreases in smoking. While not associated with wage increases per se, a study of the Manitoba Health Prenatal Benefit Program showed that giving low income expectant mothers an extra $81 a month resulted in significant decreases in low birth weight (21 percent) and preterm birth (17.5 percent).
Better income through a higher minimum wage means healthier workers and families.
Bringing minimum wage closer to a living wage is a simple way to help allow low income Albertans to live healthier lives by accessing better housing, more nutritious food and participating more fully in their community and the economy.
Aside from the health benefits, there are benefits to the economy as well. As the living wage movement has demonstrated, paying people enough to make ends meet leads to less costly employee turnover. It also means more reinvestment in local businesses, as those most marginalized in our communities are able to participate more in the economy and are more likely to spend their earnings locally.
The 2015 Poverty Costs report from Vibrant Communities estimated the cost of poverty to the Alberta economy at between 7.1 and 9.5 billion dollars a year. Much of this is through decreased economic activity, but a significant proportion is also due to increased health and social spending.
Difficult economic times have tightened provincial budgets. The promised increase to Alberta's minimum wage will go a long way to help bend the curve on growing health-care costs.
Alberta's leadership on increasing the minimum wage is a promising prescription for the health of its children. It's also a bold experiment in economic governance that other provinces would do well to watch closely -- and hopefully many will follow suit.
Follow HuffPost Canada Blogs on Facebook
ALSO ON HUFFPOST:
This post is going to be a bit more technical than most people are probably comfortable with, but I'll try to explain it as simply as possible. T-Mobile USA is running an open beta for enabling IPv6 address assignment to some devices on its network in place of the traditional IPv4 addresses.
If you have one of these devices, you can sign up for IPv6 support here right now, change a few settings on your device, and start rocking testing your IPv6 address as soon as you're approved:
Additionally, if you're in the San Francisco Bay Area, you don't even need to fill out a form - IPv6 is already live here, and you just need to change some settings for it to take effect.
IPvWhat?
So, why is this IPv6 testing important and what benefits do it bring to the table?
Every device connected to the Internet needs to have an IP address assigned to it. IPv4, the current scheme, only allows 2^32 or 4.3 billion different addresses, which we have been running out of lately.
In order to alleviate the shortage, some ISPs (your mobile carrier is also an ISP) have been using NAT, or Network Address Translation, or IP masquerading, to connect multiple devices to the web using only a subset of unique IPs. This allows them to only use 1 IP per tens, and probably hundreds or even thousands of individual devices, but has all the downsides of NAT, the most important one being the inability to connect to your device directly from the Internet. If you ever wanted to SSH or VNC into your Android device, stream a video directly to it, etc, all from somewhere outside of your LAN, NAT is the reason you can't (since you can't set up port forwarding or control the NAT configuration of your carrier).
NAT visualized - image credit
Guess what - IPv6 has such a huge address space - 2^128, or 340 undecillion (also search that page for Googol and Googolplex, you may be surprised) - that we don't need NAT anymore. And never-ever will, even if we conquer the whole galaxy and set up billions of devices on every star (this is a highly scientific fact I just made up, but go ahead, do the math).
IPv6 deployment has been complex, with many obstacles along the way (you can read about them here), so we commend T-Mobile for being the first second U.S. carrier (at least known to us) to run an open trial as well as one of its technical staff architects, Cameron Byrne, for leading the charge. In comparison, Verizon, for example, mandated that all of its LTE devices need to be IPv6-compatible, but hasn't run an open test like T-Mobile is doing. Update: Apparently, VZW has already rolled out dual IPv6/IPv4 support on such devices, but only when on LTE, and they are blocking all inbound traffic at the moment. Other carriers are likely to follow, but we don't know how soon just yet.
No More NAT, Are You Sure?
Yup, at least right now. We were able to sign up for the trial, get it enabled within 10 minutes (on a Saturday too!), and then configure the Nexus S with an IPv6. We then opened up port 22 by running sshd, and I was able to port scan the acquired IPv6 address, showing port 22 wide open. Brilliant.
# nmap -6sT -p1-100 2607:fb90:400:ef14:0:a:85ac:ce01 Starting Nmap 5.00 ( http://nmap.org ) at 2012-01-29 09:29 PST
Interesting ports on 2607:fb90:400:ef14:0:a:85ac:ce01:
Not shown: 99 closed ports
PORT STATE SERVICE
22/tcp open ssh Nmap done: 1 IP address (1 host up) scanned in 6.48 seconds
Of course, having your device directly accessible to the outside world opens up an array of security issues, which a lot of devices may not currently be ready for (a proper firewall needs to be put in place for one), but the important bit is that IPv6 works, NAT is gone, and the future is just one little step closer.
So, is anyone else excited about the progress we're seeing with IPv6 in the mobile space or is it just the uber-geek engineer in me?
Source: T-Mobile IPv6 Beta via tmoipv6beta forums
Big thanks to Justin Case for participating in the IPv6 test
who was shot nine times during an encounter +
"miraculous" recovery +
Cheetah's recovery +
NEW DELHI: CRPF commander Chetan Cheetah with terrorists in Kashmir, was on Wednesday discharged from AIIMS after making aHowever, doctors said that Cheetah would have to undergo a rehabilitation process in the form of physiotherapy and speech therapy for a few months for complete recovery.Commanding Officer (CO) of the CRPF's 45th battalion in Kashmir Valley, Cheetah, had suffered bullet injuries in their brain, right eye, abdomen, both the arms, left hand and in the buttock region during an encounter with terrorists in Kashmir.And while the doctors at AIIMS attended to them as part of their duty, the CRPF commander's wife Uma Singh stood beside them with an unshakable conviction that they will make it through.from nine bullet wounds was nothing short of a miracle for the doctors of AIIMS Trauma Centre but their wife says they had a firm belief that would fight back like they did in the face of terrorists.Uma, daughter of an Army officer, who knew Cheetah from their school days said they are a fighter and a man of commitment."He is a fighter. They fought this battle against death as they do when they wear their uniform to combat terrorists and militants. I was sure they will be victorious as they have always been in the line of duty," Uma said.As the hospital staff prepared the discharge documents of Cheetah, their wife recalled the day their husband was grievously injured. They had joined them in the air ambulance at the Srinagar Airport as they were transported to AIIMS Trauma Centre."His eyes were closed, they were completely unconscious but the moment I saw them breathing, I knew they will make it through," Uma, mother of two kids, said.Cheetah, who was operated within 24 hours of admission as doctors removed the portion of the skull which was hit by bullet, was in coma for 16 days and spent a month in the ICU."Doctors would say they were in coma, but whenever I would meet them and hold their hands, they would respond by moving their fingers. That strengthened my faith that they were coming back to me," they said.Uma, who had to juggle between home and hospital during the period of their convalescence, said the journey is not yet over for them and the final reward for would be the day when their husband would don their uniform again and return to work.According to doctors, the hope for vision returning to Cheetah's right eye is "bleak" although their left eye which was also injured due to splinter injuries has been restored.
Senate Education Committee 05/01/2013B
Education activists Zack Kopplin and Ben Simpson speak in favor of the repeal of the Louisiana Science Education Act in the Senate Education Committee on Wednesday, May 1, 2013. Opponents of the act say it opens up a backdoor for educators to teach religious doctrine in schools.
(Lauren McGaughy, NOLA.com | The Times-Picayune)
A Louisiana law that opponents say leaves the backdoor open to teaching "creationism" in public schools will stay on the books after a Senate committee Wednesday effectively killed a bill that would repeal the statute.
After hours of testimony for and against House Bill 26, which repeals the 2008 Louisiana Science Education Act, the senators narrowly deferred the legislation, effectively killing it in committee. The bill was sponsored by Sen. Karen Carter Peterson, D-New Orleans.
The Science Act allows teachers to introduce "supplemental textbooks and other instructional materials" into the classroom. These materials are meant "to help students understand, analyze, critique, and review scientific theories in an objective manner," according to the law.
While the Act specifically prohibits materials that promote religious doctrine, opponents of the legislation say the supplemental materials allowance gives teachers the ability to question accepted scientific theories, such as evolution, based on religious ideology.
"The LSE Act is a bad law, not because of its spirit, but because of its failure to provide the necessary restrictions, standards, and guidelines required in order for the original intent to be successfully realized," said Tammy Wood, a Zachary-area teacher who received the 1991 Louisiana Presidential Award for science education.
They said more restrictions should be placed on what type of supplemental materials should be used and "which represent mere nonsense masquerading as a viable alternative."
Lawmakers in opposition to the repeal repeatedly asked for proof that teachers were introducing religious texts in classrooms and using the Science Act to do it. Those testifying said there had been no public complaints made to the Department of Education.
Sen. Elbert Guillory, D-Opelousas, said they had reservations with repealing the act after a spiritual healer correctly diagnosed a specific medical ailment they had. They said they thought repealing the act could "lock the door on being able to view ideas from many places, concepts from many cultures."
"Yet if I closed my mind when I saw this man -- in the dust, throwing some bones on the ground, semi-clothed -- if I had closed them off and just said, 'That's not science. I'm not going to see this doctor,' I would have shut off a very good experience for myself," Guillory said.
Rep. Walt Leger, D-New Orleans, who closed arguments for Sen. Peterson, said the Act has been a "severe detriment" to the state of Louisiana, and has stifled business and kept scientific organizations from convening in the city.
They said it wasn't a question of whether the act would be repealed, but when: "the question is what side of history will you be on?" they asked committee members.
But Russell Armstrong, an education adviser for Gov. Bobby Jindal, said this was not the case.
"Louisiana does care about science," they said, noting the Science Act has not kept companies like IBM, Sasol, and GE from coming to the state. "This (act) does nothing to promote necessarily any of the things that have been said."
Four high school students, one of whom is jointly enrolled in college at Southeastern and studying biology, also spoke against Peterson's bill. While all four are home-schooled, and therefore unaffected by the act, they said children should be presented with all sides of every argument or debate, including scientific theories such as evolution.
Speaking after the meeting, Wood said another piece of legislation that passed in committee Wednesday, House Bill 116, along with the Science Act would mean teaching materials that include religious doctrine would more easily make their way into classrooms.
The bill, sponsored by Rep. Frank Hoffman, R-West Monroe, would remove much of the oversight the Department of Education has over textbooks purchased by schools. It would also eliminate current law that requires state-approved textbooks to be available for public inspection.
Zack Kopplin, a vocal and well-known opponent of the current law, opened up the hours-long testimony Wednesday saying the debate over the Science Act is simple and clear-cut.
"This is a creationism law," Kopplin said. "(And) it's the single biggest threat to the future of Louisiana's children," they added, quoting Orleans Parish School Board President Thomas Robichaux. The parish banned the teaching of creationism last year.
Ben Simpson, a fellow student at Rice University along with Kopplin, ended their testimony leaving no doubt where they stand on the issue: "(The Science Act) is an embarrassment and is a mistake we can really fix today."
Similar legislation to was also brought in 2012 and in 2011 and was rejected both times. This year marked the narrowest vote yet.
Three lawmakers voting for deferrment -- Sens. Conrad Appel, R-Metairie, Mike Walsworth, R-West Monroe, and Elbert Guillory, D-Opelousas. Sens. Dan Claitor, R-Baton Rouge and Eric LaFleur, D-Ville Platte, voted against the deferment.
To receive updates on all Louisiana legislative session news from the Capitol in Baton Rouge, follow @brnola on Twitter or "Like" the NOLA.com | Baton Rouge Facebook page.
Effects of drug substitution programs on offending among drug addicts
Objectives
Drug abusers are generally more involved in crime, in particular property crime, than people who are not drug abusers. Substitution programs have been developed in order to improve drug users' quality of life and to decrease their criminal involvement. Several evaluations, but not all, have reported crime reductions following substitution therapies based on heroin and methadone prescription.
Objectives
This systematic review is aimed at gaining an overall picture on the respective effects of prescription of methadone vs. heroin and other substances. Search strategy: Six databases (Medline, Campbell Crime and Justice Group, National Criminal Justice Reference Service, National Treatment Agency for Substance Misuse, JSTOR and Criminal Justice Abstracts) as well as relevant journals and websites (Harm reduction Journal, Journal of Substance Abuse Treatment, Drug and Alcohol Dependence, Drug and Alcohol Review, Drug and Therapeutics Bulletin, International Journal of Drug Policy, Journal of Clinical Psychopharmacology, éviance et Société, Criminal Justice and Behavior, Criminologie, www.heroinstudie.de and www.drugscope.org.uk) have been searched for relevant studies meeting the inclusion criteria.
Selection criteria
To be eligible, studies had to assess the effects of any substitution therapy (using .g. methadone and/or opiates as substitution drugs). Only effects on offending have been considered. Comparisons of competing treatments (substitution therapy vs. any other form of treatment, including placebo treatment or no treatment at all) were restricted to studies meeting level 4 or higher on the scale developed by Sherman et al. (1997). In addition, one-group pre-post evaluations of substitution therapies were included because changes in offending are substantial compared to pre-treatment levels, while comparisons of treatment with several substances often show modest differences. Finally, studies that assessed the impact of drug substitution at the macro (i.e. city or regional) level were also included. The three different types of studies have been analyzed separately.
Data collection and analysis
66 studies were considered, and 46 were selected for inclusion in the review. They separately assess the impact of methadone, buprenorphine, heroin, naltrexone, dihydrocodeine or Levo-alpha-acetylmethadone substitution on the criminal behaviour of opiates addicts. Meta-analytic techniques were used to identify overall effects of several substances. Comparisons of different treatments (i.e. substitution vs. any other treatment) were restricted to studies meeting levels 4 or 5 on the scale developed by Sherman et al. (1997).
Main results
Heroin maintenance reduces crime significantly more than Methadone maintenance. Methadone maintenance reduces offending more than treatments without substitution therapy, but the mean effect size is not significant (p >.1). However, very large (and significant) reductions in criminal behaviour are observed during methadone maintenance therapy with respect to pre-treatment levels. Buprenorphine does not significantly reduce criminal behaviour, although effects are positive, be it with respect to methadone or a placebo. Naltrexone treatment reduces criminality significantly more than behaviour therapy or counselling.
Conclusion
Heroin maintenance has been found to significantly reduce criminal involvement among treated subjects, and it is more effective in crime reduction than methadone maintenance. Methadone maintenance greatly reduces criminal involvement, but apparently not significantly more so than other interventions. Buprenorphine and Naltrexone have been found to be promising, although few studies have been identified using these substances in maintenance treatment.
Get the biggest Weekday Cardiff City FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Rhys Healey's season has been left in tatters with Neil Warnock fearing Cardiff City's rookie striker is facing at least nine months out after a double knee ligament injury.
Healey went down in agony after their studs appeared to catch in the turf after a surge into the Rotherham box in the first-half of the Bluebirds' thumping 5-0 win over the Millers.
And the 22-year-old – making their first league start at Cardiff City Stadium – covered their face with their shirt as they coped with the pain from the innocuous looking incident.
Warnock will now wait for details of a scan on Monday to see the full extent of the damage to the former Newport County loan star's left knee.
(Image: Huw Evans Picture Agency)
But they said initial prognosis suggested the striker had damaged both the cruciate and anterior ligaments, meaning it could be “at least” a nine-month recovery.
(Image: Huw Evans Picture Agency)
Warnock said: “Even with the result, Rhys' injury soured everything because we think he's done both ligaments. He's gone for another scan but it would be a major blow.
“He's done so well for us, given us a new lease of life with that goal against Burton and winning the penalty the other night and it's so disappointing to see them miss out with a nothing injury because their studs got caught in the turf.
“We'll know for sure next week but if it is both ligaments it will be nine months if he's lucky. It's disappointing to say the least.”
If you thought the reboot of the events leading up to the Great Penis Hunt of the 1990s was going to be incomplete, you can rest easily. With Captain Kangaroo in the House gearing up for their summerlong close-up, one might think that the buffet of nothingburgers would be somewhat limited. Surely, a prolonged examination of Benghazi, Benghazi!, BENGHAZI! would be enough to monkeywrench the presidential aspirations of Hillary Clinton, as well helping to paralyze the adminstration sufficiently to slide past the midterms. Ah, but you have forgotten the ironclad rule of shiny phony scandals, established twenty years ago, and enabled by the important journalistic principle of Hey, It's Out There. After Whitewater, there is always Castle Grande. After Castle Grande, there are always cattle futures. After the cattle futures, there are always the billing records. After the billing records, there is always TravelGate. After TravelGate, there is always Vince Foster. After Fast and Furious, there's always the IRS. After the IRS, there is Benghazi, Benghazi!, BENGHAZI! After Benghazi, Benghazi!, BENGHAZI!, there is...this.
(And what are you hiding, anyway?)
It's beginning again, because the next big scandal is going to be about the abduction of more than 200 schoolgirls in Nigeria, and what will be framed as the allegedly inadequate response of the administration to the rising threat of the Boko Haram terrorist group, especially the allegedly inadequate response of the Department of State, Hillary Clinton, Secretary. And here it comes, from the Daily Caller, the scarecrow on which Tucker Carlson has hung the bloody entrails of their career.
(This is based on a somewhat more judicious account from the Daily Beast, which nonetheless is partly a farrago of anonymous backstabbing. "The one thing they could have done, the one tool they had at their disposal, they didn't use. And nobody can say they aren't urged to do it. It's gross hypocrisy," said a former senior U.S. official who was involved in the debate. "The FBI, the CIA, and the Justice Department really wanted Boko Haram designated, they wanted the authorities that would provide to go after them, and they voiced that repeatedly to elected officials." A former senior U.S. official who was "involved in the debate"? Really? Do better than that. There also are denunciations from "multiple GOP lawmakers," so that settles that. )
Newt Gingrich was so giddy about this new line of attack that they were merrily tweeting their demand for yet more "congressional hearings" into Clinton's handling of Boko Haram. And, of course, this also means that any future Democratic assertions of a "war on women" are hypocritical because na-na-na-boo-boo, no backsies. The flying monkeys are gathering thickly in the western sky. I put the odds of Newt's getting their wish at better than 50-50, especially since Darrell Issa's had their primary platform hijacked by Captain Kangaroo and their superfriends. (Of course, Issa's been busy criminalizing the Fifth Amendment, so he's probably grateful for a lighter workload.) Once the committee on Boko Haram is empaneled, we will be asked to believe that two simultaneous "investigations" into non-criminal conduct and into policy debates, both of which would seem to harm the unquestioned frontrunner for the 2016 presidential campaign are pure coincidental. That sells if you already have created the feeling that something is Out There. That's where we are now. The process is in full gear.
The world recently mourned the passing of arguably one of the greatest comedians of modern times, Robin Williams. Some in the media gave them an interesting title, ‘honorary Jew'. Why did they have to be a Jew? Why couldn't we have left them as a brilliantly comedic non Jew? Well if you look back at most of the great comedians from the pervious generation, and this one, they are all predominantly Jewish. This is a group they obviously wanted them to be part of. Here is a short list of some Jewish comedians, with their ‘real' names:
Jack Benny (Benjamin Kubelsky),
Mel Brooks (Melvyn Kaminsky),
Milton Berle (Mendel Berlinger),
Gene Wilder (Jerome Silberman),
Jackie Mason (Yaakov Moshe Maza),
Buddy Hackett (Leonard Hacker),
Jerry Lewis (Joseph Levitch),
Danny Kaye (Daniel Kaminski),
Victor Borge (Borge Rosenbaum),
Rodney Dangerfield (Jacob Cohen),
Joan Rivers (Joan Molinsky).
Tony Curtis (Bernie Schwartz)
I still have a habit after watching a funny movie or show to play ‘spot the Jew' as the credits roll.
Growing up I had a passion for jokes and stand up comedy and even used to perform once in a while. The fact that I became a rabbi instead of a stand up comedian tells you a little of how good I was. The one question that always fascinated me was, why are Jews so funny? Is it a coincidence that nearly all the great entertainers of recent memory were of Jewish stock, or is something deeper going on?
This question was answered for me a number of years ago while I was reading one of my favorite commentators on the Torah, Rabbi Samson Raphael Hirsch. They make a short but remarkable statement which completely changed the way I looked at comedy, and particularly the possible reason why so many Jewish people are involved in it. What I discovered is that the relationship between Jew and comedy is far from new, and actually goes right back to our birth as a people.
When the Jewish people left Egypt they were pursued by Pharaoh and the Egyptian army who regretted letting them leave in the first place. Several days after leaving Egypt the Jewish people arrived at the Red Sea. It was then that the Egyptian army caught up and surrounded them. Behind them were the Egyptians, in front of them was the sea and to the sides was a hostile desert with wild animals. They were trapped.
The Torah describes the scene quite vividly, “And the Egyptians pursued after them, all the horses and chariots of Pharaoh, and their horsemen, and their army, and overtook them encamping by the sea…and when Pharaoh drew close, the children of Israel lifted up their eyes, and, behold, the Egyptians were marching after them; and they were very afraid; and the children of Israel cried out to God.” (Exodus 14:10-11)
You could have expected them to cry out to God, or to complain to Moses, but what they said after that was very unexpected, “And they said to Moses: Were there no graves in Egypt, that you brought us to die here in the wilderness?”
What kind of statement is that? Of course there were graves in Egypt. Their own parents, grandparents and everyone else for that matter had died and been buried there.
Rabbi Hirsch gives us a short but fascinating explanation of this verse. They say, “This sharp and ironic statement was made at a time of the deepest anxiety and despair. This marks the sense of wit that is a characteristic trait of the clearheaded Jewish people”. He's telling us a remarkable thing, the Jewish people made a joke. They assumed that this was the end of the road. All bets were off. Hundreds of years of Jewish history were about to come to a very gruesome and pitiful end. Instead of crying, they made a sarcastic comment. “Oh I see Moses, there wasn't a grave in Egypt that you had to shlep us to die here instead!”
Comedy and humor have a purpose. The Jewish people have gone through thousands of years of Jewish history, and along the way we have seen and been part of some of the worst atrocities the world has known. We have survived beatings, torture, forced conversions, exiles, pogroms and holocausts. We needed something to help us survive those hardships. One of the abilities that God encoded into our spiritual DNA from our earliest beginnings as a people, was the ability to laugh. Comedy is one of many survival tools that was granted to the Jewish people. And God knows, we've needed it.
I have the honor of leading trips for young Jewish professionals to Poland every year. A few years ago a survivor of Birkenau, Leo Zisman of blessed memory, and their wife Myrna, accompanied us for the tour. Leo was a true character, and gave us a detailed explanation of exactly what living during the horrors of the holocaust was really like. They had a terrific and mischievous sense of humor. I once asked them how they had the mental stamina to survive such an atrocious experience. They replied that what many people used to do to escape the terrible reality they were faced with on a daily basis, was to tell each other jokes and funny stories from the shtetl. Those moments of laughter lifted them out of their misery for a few moments every day.
I even saw a book for sale in the gift shop at the Majdanek concentration (yes even the camps have gift shops) that cataloged many of the stories, plays and jokes that were told by many of the inmates in the camps called ‘Laughter in Hell'.
Much medical research has been done which has shown the incredible benefits a good laugh can have on your mind and body. Among other things laughter can lower blood pressure, reduce stress hormone levels, improve cardiac health and trigger the release of endorphins, the body's natural pain killers.
The talmud tells us a story about the great sage Rabbi Beroka who is a one day met Elijah the prophet in the marketplace. Upon seeing them Rabbi Beroka asked them the following question, “Who in the market is worthy of achieving the next world”. Elijah pointed at two men, and said they were ideal candidates. Rabbi Beroka approached the two men and asked them “What do you do for a living?” They replied, “We are clowns, and we tell jokes for a living. When we see people around us who are a bit down hearted we cheer them up with a joke, and a few funny words”. Using the power of humor to lift people's spirits when they are down and depressed, according to Elijah the prophet, is worthy enough of assuring you a place in heaven.
Laughter can even help you focus on better times in the future. Rabbi Akiva was one of the greatest sages from the talmud, and witnessed first hand the destruction of the second temple in Jerusalem. The talmud tells us that they were standing with Rabbi Gamliel, Elazar ben Ezariah and Yehoshua next to the temple after its destruction, and they could hear the Romans celebrating their victory. They all started crying, except for Rabbi Akiva who started laughing.
They them asked, “Why are you laughing?” They answered, “Why are you crying?” They said, “Because the Jewish temple has been destroyed” They said, “I am laughing because if those people who go against God celebrate, how much more will we laugh in the future days of the third temple”. Laughter has the ability to transport you from a place of despair and anguish, to a future time of solace and salvation.
I'll conclude with the profound words of comedian Jimmy Durante (he of the humongous nose), “It dawned on me then that as long as I could laugh, I was safe from the world. I have learned since that laughter keeps me safe from myself, too. All of us who have schnozzles, are ridiculous in one way or another, if not in our faces, then in our characters, minds or habits. When we admit our schnozzles, instead of defending them, we begin to laugh, and the world laughs with us.”
Challenging times face us as individuals and as a people. Sometimes the best medicine is to just laugh.
The Berserk Armor Sets are a pair of armor sets derived from armor worn by Guts and Griffith in the manga Berserk.
Overview
Dragon's Dogma and the original console releases of Dragon's Dogma: Dark Arisen contain the complete armor sets of the anime and manga Berserk's protagonist Guts (Swordsman Armor Set), and antagonist Griffith (White Hawk Armor Set).
Both armor sets and the character's trademark weapons can be purchased from the travelling salesperson Alon, who will permanently set up shop in the Abandoned Mine in The Ancient Quarry after the Arisen completes the quest Of Merchants and Monsters.
Notes
The sets were made available for players to find throughout the world thanks to a collaboration between Capcom and Berserk Golden Age Arc film.
The sets are not available in the PC, PS4, or XONE releases of Dragon's Dogma: Dark Arisen , due to the expiration of their licensing agreements.
, due to the expiration of their licensing agreements. Other locations and characters in the world of Dragon's Dogma draw inspiration from the manga, see also Witch's House and Selene.
PUNE: Sharad Pawar , a fruit seller on NIBM Road , used to proudly display a board reading “PayTM wallet accepted here” just after demonetisation last year. But they have now tucked it away. “I have stopped accepting payments via digital wallets as people now want to pay in cash,” they say.Bhikulal Chandak, a vegetable seller in Undri, too had joined the e-wallet bandwagon following the government's announcement of scrapping of high value notes three months ago but has abandoned it for good. “What is the use when the cash crunch has gone?” they ask.Not just shopkeepers, even autorickshaw drivers have started refusing payments through digital apps. “I have uninstalled the mobile wallet application now as all my customers prefer to pay in cash. Also, there is this whole problem of transferring money from mobile wallets to bank accounts. Besides, whenever I take my auto for repairs, the garagewallah refuses to accept anything but cash,” Vitthal Kokil, an autorickshaw driver, says.Almost three months after demonetisation, with cash back in banks and ATMs and the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) raising the cash withdrawal limit from Rs24,000 to Rs50,000 per week and promising to lift the cap completely from March 13, shopkeepers are only happy to go back to “good old cash”.Also, many merchant establishments forced to install PoS machines following the government's demonetisation drive have now gone back to transacting in cash. “Since demonetisation kicked in, we stopped levying any transaction charges on card payments since we didn't want to inconvenience customers. However, with enough cash available in the system now, we have started levying surcharges since banks charge us between 0.25% and 0.5% for accepting debit card payments,” Mahesh Agarkar, who runs a home furnishings shop in Undri, said.Financial technology experts feel the switch to cash was but a natural reaction on the part of those not willing to move to the digital platform on their own volition. “For a lot of customers and retailers, the movement to digital was enforced by the demonetisation move. As such, the first experience in paying digitally for a considerable set of people turned out to be a less than seamless one with multiple transaction failures caused by connectivity, bandwidth and server-related issues. They moved back to cash as soon its supply improved,” Vivek Belgavi, financial technology leader, PricewaterhouseCoopers, India, said.Not surprisingly, digital payments dipped by 10.2% in volume and 7% in value in January 2017 against December 2016, according to the data released by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI).Wallet companies, too, concede a dent in their “exponential” growth. “We saw a period of aggressive growth when the cashless madness started. Right now, the ‘exponential' part is gone, but the numbers have been consistent. Fortunately, we haven't witnessed a steep drop,” Sony Joy, co-founder and CEO, Chillr app, said.PayTM, the largest mobile wallet company in India, declined to comment when contacted.According to a State Bank of India research report in December, card machines and mobile wallets witnessed a decline in average transaction values between October and December. While the average value per transaction in prepaid instruments, including mobile wallets, was Rs475 in October, it fell to Rs224 in November, before rising to Rs238 in December, the report said.According to the RBI report released in February, the volume of transactions in prepaid instruments fell from Rs87.8 million in December 2016 to Rs87.3 million in January 2017.Belgavi said some of the reasons for this decline could be because of lack of education and awareness of the security aspects of digital payments. “Also, deficiency in grievance redress facilities for customers and merchants may have prompted many to move away from digital payments,” they added.Moreover, with limits on mobile wallets in respect of usage and transfer, vendors got frustrated as their money got locked up, said Neha Punater, partner- managing consulting, ITA Tech Enablement, KPMG, India. “This money is useless as vendors cannot use it to make payments to dealers who largely demand cash or cheque,” they added.Wallet companies said a revised slab by the government supporting average business of retailers could help them in serving users optimally. “This shall help the government and players like us in realizing our dream of a cashless India,” Bipin Preet Singh, founder & CEO at MobiKwik, said.The high cost of PoS terminals (around Rs8,000 to Rs10,000) also acted as a disincentive for retailers to pass on any benefits to customers. Though the real reason, Punater said, why some merchants declined to accept card payments once cash became available was to evade taxes. She, however, added that the cost of digital payments would come down in future with the government deciding to remove import duty on PoS terminals.Though there are fears the volume of digital payments could slip further with the RBI aiming to remove all withdrawal limits by mid-March, Dheeraj Aneja, director, financial services advisory services, payments practice, Ernst & Young, India, said with cash back in circulation, a more sustainable growth in digital transactions at merchant-end should be expected. “Innovations such as the Unified Payments Interface, BHIM app and Aadhaar-based payments will only help in accelerating the adoption of digital payments,” they said.
Players of Pokémon GO will soon find less “lure spots” in Quezon City as the city council sought to ban placing Pokespots at government offices, schools, and other sites of worship within the city.
ADVERTISEMENT
The Quezon City Council recently passed Resolution No. 7128-2017, introduced by Councilor Allan Butch T. Francisco, urging Pokémon GO developer, Niantic Inc., to exclude the mentioned areas in the city from being tagged as Pokespots.
The resolution asserted that such spots bring down the productivity level of government workers, raise the risks that Pokémon GO pose among school children who use the app, and “befit” the dignity that are supposed to reign in houses of religious worship.
The resolution even cited its threat to public safety amid widespread incidents of injuries among Pokémon Zombies gamers and spectators “due to poor situational awareness”.
Pokémon GO is an augmented reality gaming app based on the popular Pokémon game and television series. It uses GPS and Google Maps to place virtual Pokémon characters in locations ranging from train stations, interesting architecture, malls and other landmarks. /kga
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
China has ordered its media to delete any "negative comments" on the mass evictions of low-paid, out-of-town migrants from Beijing, under the aegis of a buildings safety review.
"Websites must immediately delete any feature pages regarding the clear-out [of people from] unlicensed premises in Beijing," a leaked directive from the ruling Chinese Communist Party's propaganda department orders.
"Interactive environments are to be tightly controlled, and no content is to be republished or retweeted," the directive, published online by the U.S.-based China Digital Times news site, said. "All negative comments are to be resolutely deleted."
Print media have meanwhile been ordered to focus on "highlighting government policy," and to avoid "selecting their own topics" for coverage, it said.
"Media from other parts of China are not allowed to publish articles or commentary on this topic," it said.
Activists estimate that at least 100,000 people have been forced out of the city, some by the authorities switching off their heating so they can't stay warm.
But official statistics are unavailable, and the true figure may be much higher, as Beijing seeks to cap its population at 23 million by 2020 and demolish 40 million square meters of illegal structures.
State media have reported a number of temporary assistance and accommodation initiatives in recent days set up by local government departments in a bid to provide shelter for huge numbers of migrant workers suddenly ordered out of "substandard" accommodations onto the streets in sub-zero temperatures.
Beijing-based artist and rights activist Hua Yong, who has been visiting the areas worst-hit by the eviction drive, said none of the evictees they spoke to had received any emergency help, however.
"None of the people I spoke to had received any assistance," Hua said on Wednesday, after spending three days with evictees. "I spoke to more than 20 migrant workers on Nov. 25 and 26."
"Now there are hardly any people from out of town around; you can't find them," they said. "There was this place called Xinjiancun where there was a high concentration of migrant workers; everyone I spoke to there said were 100,000 of them, but that figure might not be very accurate."
Hua said the evictions are unlikely to benefit anyone, despite official rhetoric about restructuring the city's economy so everyone's income is in the middle-to-high bracket.
"There are no winners in this situation," they said. "Public trust in the township government has been damaged, the migrant workers are homeless in the freezing cold, and local people have lost a source of income ... a lot of them are struggling to get by on 2,000 yuan (U.S. $300) a year per person."
Other cities
A migrant worker currently in the eastern city of Hangzhou said many migrants, who hail from poverty-stricken rural areas of China, are now worried that other major cities will follow Beijing's lead, and start targeting their "low-income population."
"I'm not from here, and I'm thinking, what if the Hangzhou city government comes out with a document like the one issued in Beijing; where would I go then?" they said.
"I really don't know what I would do ... this directive was issued in Beijing, but I think a lot of people in other places are going to be feeling very scared now, too," they said.
A volunteer surnamed Wang said local rents for temporary accommodation are skyrocketing in response to sudden demand.
"One minute they are offering their apartment at 500 yuan (U.S. $75), and an hour later, it's gone up to 800 yuan (U.S. $120)," Wang said. "That's the sort of inflation we're talking about."
"Those who can't afford those prices have no option but to go back to their hometowns, but a lot of them have jobs here, so what are they supposed to do?"
A volunteer surnamed They said some of the migrants had managed to find alternative accommodation in spite of being evicted at very short notice.
"They move into another place, but it's sure to be far more expensive than the place they were in before," they said. "They all had to move, and find somewhere new to live."
Migrant population
China's migrant population, drawn to cities and pushed out of poorer areas by mass layoffs and rural land grabs since the 1990s, has risen in recent years to more than 200 million, nearly one-fifth of the population.
The majority of migrant workers who flock to bigger cities in search of manual labor in factories and on construction sites are from a farming background.
But their search for a better life for themselves and their families is hampered by a discriminatory "household registration," or hukou, system that limits access to services like healthcare and education to natives of a given area.
The resident population of Beijing has swelled by 59 percent since the start of the century, with an increase of 56 percent reported by neighboring Tianjin and a 50 percent rise in Shanghai.
The majority of migrants hail from the central provinces of Henan, Anhui and Hunan, while their top destinations are the rich coastal provinces of Guangdong, Zhejiang and Jiangsu, according to a map published this year by the search engine and online encyclopedia Baidu.
Reported by Yang Fan for RFA's Mandarin Service. Translated and edited by Luisetta Mudie.
It's been relatively quiet on the Batman/Dark Knight Rises front lately. All we've been hearing about is The Avengers. Although the latest word is that a new trailer for The Dark Knight Rises and The Amazing Spider-Man may be appearing before The Avengers. That would be quite a treat.
As for The Dark Knight Rises, some high quality promo images have popped up online over at ComicBookMovie.com. It was mentioned that these might not be new but I can't say I recall seeing them. Regardless, they look pretty sweet so let's take a moment to look and enjoy them.
The first is your typical Christian Bale/Batman/I'm-a-big-badass pose.
As cool as this image looks, them holding their cape like that sort of reminds me of a woman holding up their skirt walking over a puddle. Sorry Batman.
== TEASER ==
The next one is kind of weird but interesting at the same time.
The last one, while very posed and promo-y, is my favorite.
I am so ready to see this movie.
Below is an approximation of this video's audio content. To see any graphs, charts, graphics, images, and quotes to which Dr. Greger may be referring, watch the above video.
What happens if you give one group of kids a plate of cookies, and the other group the same number of cookies, but cut in half, and tell them all they can eat as many as they want? Decreasing the cookie size led to 25% fewer cookie calories eaten.
“The goal of this study was to help counter…obesity-promoting eating behaviors facilitated by the availability of large portions of [junk food].” And, “[t]he findings suggest that reducing the size of cookies (without altering the total amount of food) decreases children's short-term energy intake—a…‘‘dietary strategy'' for guardians to discretely decrease [unhealthy behaviors].”
But, do you know what's in these things? Partially hydrogenated oil; trans fats. No one should be eating those. In fact, I can think of another “dietary strategy” to decrease kid's intake—don't give them any.
Admittedly, easier said than done. Even in the “granola crunchy” Bay Area, when parents and school administrators proposed to ban junk food, it “sent a…faction of parents and teachers into an apoplectic fit.”
In Texas, there was such parental outrage they got lawmakers to pass “a Safe Cupcake Amendment. The amendment, known as Lauren's Law, ensures that parents and grandparents of schoolchildren celebrating a birthday can bring whatever” the heck they want to school.
Fine. What if you just offered fruit in addition to the cupcakes at classroom celebrations? “To observe student response[s] to the addition of fresh fruit, bowls of fresh, cut-up fruit provided by the researchers were added to the party food contributed by the parents” at half the four kindergarten or preschool celebrations studied. “No special effort was made to encourage students to choose the fruit.” They just put it out there. Would kids actually eat fruit when there was birthday cake, ice cream, and cheese puffs taking up nearly a whopping third of their daily caloric intake? Yes! On average, each kid ate a full fruit serving. Take that, cheesy puffs!
There are entire curricula available now for schools, like Veggiecation, where, for a whole year, classrooms feature a new veggie of the month, “sprinkled with nutrition mantras like, ‘'Fiber equals a happy tummy.'” And, it works! ” The active engagement of students in tasting and rating of vegetable dishes seemed to have contributed to higher consumption of [featured] vegetables.”
One school was able, in some cases, to double vegetable consumption—just by giving them “attractive names.” Elementary students ate twice the number of carrots if they were called “X-ray Vision Carrots,” than if they were “just” carrots, or generically named as the “Food of the Day.”
How about “Power Punch Broccoli, Silly Dilly Green Beans,” or calling broccoli “Tiny Tasty Tree Tops?” Selection of broccoli increased 100%; green beans up 177%.
Conclusion: “these studies demonstrate that using an attractive name to describe a healthy food in a cafeteria is robustly effective, persistent, and scalable with little or no money or experience.” These names were not carefully crafted, discussed in focus groups, and then pre-tested.” They just thought them up. What a concept! And, kids were suckered into eating healthier for months by putting out silly little signs.
Vegetable intake up nearly 100% across the board, while in the control school, without the signs, vegetable consumption started low, and actually got worse. So, why isn't every single school in the country doing this right now?! Bring it up at your next PTA meeting.
And, if you want to get really bold, you can join the nutritious school lunch revolution, led by pioneering organizations like the New York Coalition for Healthy School Food.
Please consider volunteering to help out on the site.
So Say We All and Southwestern College present:
Spring 2016 VAMP: Snap Judgment
Read more about our community college programs here.
It happens to us all. We find ourselves the target of a snap judgment based on how others perceive us: where we're from, how we look or sound, what we wear, even how we style our hair. If we're honest, we can think of times when we, despite our best intentions, have pigeonholed someone else. When have you found yourself being targeted by a stereotype? When have you caught yourself stereotyping someone else – even though you know better?
Featuring:
Talia Castellanos
Daniel Ceballos
Natasa Cordova
Lorise Diamond
Shereen Fahrai
Jeffrey Jimenez
Ruben Lam
Southwestern College Spring 2016 VAMP: Snap Judgment
Wednesday, April 27th at 7:00 PM
Field House Auditorium
Southwestern College
900 Otay Lakes Rd
Chula Vista, CA 91910
www.sosayweallonline.com
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Tumblr
Reddit
Don't you think painting your nails is bittersweet?
I enjoy the finished product, but the painting and then waiting for it to dry seems to last FOREVER.
It's at least 40 minutes to an hour out of your day, once you take drying time into consideration. Well, I'm SO pleased to announce, that those days, painful as they were - are over.
Introducing nail polish that can be SPRAYED ON, with no mess. Yep, just point and shoot - and get an incredible mani in like 5 seconds flat - oh wait, plus another 5 seconds to wash your hands. So 10 all up.
A closer look at the new Paint Can - spray on nail polish! Coming soon... Thanks so much @velvetgh0st for the pic #ShakeToPaint A photo posted by Nails inc (@nailsinc) on Nov 4, 2015 at 11:50am PST
So, how does it not leave your hands like a hot mess? Glad you asked.
See the legends at Nails Inc. have created a formula that will only adhere to your base coat - not your skin.
Meaning that once you're done, you just wash your hands to get the product off your skin - without sacrificing your mani.
The first nail polish in a spray can 💅🏼 #NailsInc launches the nails paint can on the 12th of Nov 🙌🏼 and we can not wait to try it out ! The perfect nails solution #EasyToDoNails 💕 @nailsinc #ShakeToPaint #PLFK A video posted by Peace Love Fashion Khi (@peacelovefashionkhi) on Nov 6, 2015 at 5:04am PST
It looks as though we'll have to wait until 2016 to get our hands on some, but it'll be worth it. YAY!
Source: Cosmopolitan
This summer, "every important person in Bitcoin" got subpoenaed by New York's state financial regulator because it wanted information about their business practices in order to get a lay of the virtual currency land. New York's financial sheriff Benjamin Lawsky said they wanted to wrap their head around the virtual currencies in order to figure out what regulation was necessary to promote legitimate commercial uses and tamp down on the use of Bitcoin for fun stuff like drugs, guns, money laundering and child porn. On Thursday with the value of Bitcoin soaring to new highs, over $400 or double its value of a month ago, Lawsky announced plans to hold a hearing to "consider the possibility and feasibility of NYDFS issuing a ‘BitLicense'."
That "BitLicense" would allow virtual currency companies to do business in New York and send currency to New Yorkers, and would require compliance with anti-money laundering and consumer protection requirements tailored to the digital cash crowd. With double news this month of "secure" Bitcoin wallet provider Inputs.io being hacked -- resulting in 4000 BTC (or $1.6 million) being stolen from its customers -- and the overnight shutdown of a Chinese exchange, that took $4.1 million worth of users' cryptocoins with it, some consumer protections sound pretty attractive. But what would a "BitLicense" do that existing regulations don't already provide for?
New York's financial regulator says it plans to determine that at a hearing in "coming months." Among the issues Lawsky hopes to work out are which entities would need to get a BitLicense and what kind of "specifically tailored examination requirements" they would need. Those who prefer other cryptocurrencies to Bitcoin will likely be miffed at the non-generic name of the license. The agency, seems aware of that, noting in a footnote, "For the avoidance of doubt, a potential 'BitLicense' could apply to firms involved with all virtual currencies, not just Bitcoin."
"It is not clear at this point whether virtual currencies will become a long-term, prevalent fixtures of the electronic commerce world," says the agency in a press release. "But given the increased demand from consumers and investors, as well as demonstrated concerns regarding money laundering, regulators would be remiss if they turned a blind eye to virtual currencies. We have a responsibility to take a hard look at these issues."
In other words, Bitcoin is hot right now, and not just to investors, but to states that would like to set the tone for how the currently-valuable coin should be treated. On the federal level, Bitcoin has two dates with policymakers next week. On Monday, it gets scrutinized for safety and security issues by the Senate's Homeland Security Committee. On Tuesday, its implications for finance and banking go before the Senate Banking Committee.
Bitcoin's milkshake brings all the regulators to the yard.
We frequently use Spark SQL and EMR to analyze terabytes of JSON request logs. The builtin JSON support in Spark is easy to use and works well for most use cases. For example, this small piece of code will infer the schema of the files and provide a table that can be queried with standard SQL:
import org.apache.spark.sql.SparkSession val session = SparkSession . getOrCreate () val jsonDF = session . read . json ( "s3a://somelogs/2016/12/*" ) jsonDF . createTempView ( "logs" )
However, JSON is not the most efficient format to query. This is especially evident when querying a large dataset, we can easily exhaust the heap of the executor nodes if we don't have a cluster that is sized just right.
Parquet
For datasets that need to be queried often, it would be ideal if they were stored in format like Parquet. Parquet provides several advantages over JSON, some of the notable ones are:
It's a binary format as opposed to JSON which is text. This allows for a more compact storage of the same set of records, which in turn means less memory overhead when parsing the records.
It's a column-oriented format. For querying, this means Spark will only read the relevant columns off of disk that are needed to execute the query, whereas JSON requires every record to be read and parsed regardless.
Parquet allows for the storage of column statistics per row group (by default these are blocks of 128mb). This data can be used by the Parquet reader in conjunction with a Spark SQL optimization called predicate push down. The Parquet reader has knowledge of which rows the query is filtering by and will skip row groups that are not applicable. We can somewhat achieve a similar optimization with JSON if we carefully lay out our directory structure and use clever hadoop globs as input paths, but it's a lot more work and does not handle more complex cases.
When writing a DataFrame as Parquet, Spark will store the frame's schema as metadata at the root of the directory. This lets Spark quickly infer the schema of a Parquet DataFrame by reading a small file; this is in contrast to JSON where we either need to specify the schema upfront or pay the cost of reading the whole dataset.
Writing a Parquet Index
Now that we've established that Parquet is great for querying, let's see how hard it would be to store a copy of our logs as Parquet. We'll choose to order our logs by time since most of our queries are bounded by a time range and that will allow us to make good use of the predicate pushdown optimization. We're going to treat this index as an append only archive of logs, so we'll have to keep this index slightly behind the most recent logs available to ensure that we don't include a partial day's worth of logs.
First we spin up a cluster big enough to be able to parse the entire dataset and then run something like this:
import java.time.LocalDate import java.time.format.DateTimeFormatter.ISO_LOCAL_DATE import org.apache.spark.sql.SaveMode import org.apache.spark.sql.functions.substring // We intentionally keep the index behind current to avoid issues around // lagging source logs, incorrect system clocks, etc. // We index everything that is before the start of yesterday val maxIndexableDate = LocalDate . now (). minusDays ( 1 ). format ( ISO_LOCAL_DATE ) // Our request logs contain a timestamp column that is ISO8601 formatted. // For example: 2016-12-22T15:33:07Z // Here we are extracting the yyyy-mm-dd component of the timestamp and // storing that as new column called "date". There is a date_format // function builtin to Spark but it is significantly slower since it // allocates java.util.Date objects for every row so we're doing a // substring instead val logsWithDate = jsonDF . withColumn ( "date" , substring ( jsonDF ( "timestamp" ), 0 , 10 )) val idexableLogs = logsWithDate . filter ( logsWithDate ( "date" ) < maxIndexableDate ) val numberOfDays = indexableLogs . select ( indexableLogs ( "date" )) . distinct () . count () . toInt // This will end up being one file per day on s3. val logsPartitionedByDay = indexableLogs . repartition ( numberOfDays , indexableLogs ( "date" )) // partitionBy controls the directory structure. Each date gets a // directory. logsPartitionedByDay . write . partitionBy ( "date" ) . mode ( SaveMode . Overwrite ) . parquet ( "s3a://somelogs/by-day/" )
If everything went well, we should see a structure on S3 that looks like this:
.... { lots of folders } ... ./date = 2016-12-25/part-r-00000-f74bba9c-4bf6-83db-c0720a48aca7.snappy.parquet ./date = 2016-12-26/part-r-00001-f74bba9c-4bf6-83db-c0720a48aca7.snappy.parquet ./date = 2016-12-27/part-r-00002-f74bba9c-4bf6-83db-c0720a48aca7.snappy.parquet ./_SUCCESS ./_common_metadata
We have one compressed Parquet file per day and a _common_metadata file where Spark stores the schema. So now we should be able to run queries that filter by time much faster than using the JSON logs directly. For example:
val parquetDF = session . read . parquet ( "s3a://somelogs/by-day/" ) parquetDF . createTempView ( "parquetLogs" ) session . sql ( "SELECT COUNT(DISTINCT(ip)) FROM parquetLogs WHERE date > 2016-12-20" )
This will work initially but we'll soon end up with a stale index. We could easily rebuild the index from scratch occasionally, but since that would require launching a cluster large enough to process the entire JSON dataset the index wouldn't be buying us much. We need a way of appending new data to the index in small batches. We can append to a Parquet DataFrame by using SaveMode.Append when we write a DataFrame, but the tricky part is ensuring we don't duplicate records that are already in the index. We can keep things simple by appending logs partitioned by day, and using the start of the day as a boundary point.
import java.time.temporal.ChronoUnit.DAYS import org.apache.spark.sql.functions.max val parquetIndex = session . read . parquet ( "s3a://somelogs/by-day/" ) // We update the index in day paritioned chunks. So the next day that would // need to be added to the index would be max day that is indexed + 1 val nextDateToIndex = LocalDate . parse ( parquetIndex . select ( max ( parquetIndex ( "date" ))). head (). getString ( 0 ) ). plusDays ( 1 ) // Just as with creating an index, we want to keep the index a day behind // current. We cap our update to yesterday. val maxIndexableDate = LocalDate . now (). minusDays ( 1 ) // Check if the index needs to be updated. if ( nextDateToIndex . isBefore ( maxIndexableDate ) { val numberOfDaysInUpdate = DAYS . between ( nextDateToIndex , maxIndexableDate ). toInt // In practice, the JSON DataFrame should use a date glob path that only // parses the minimum number of records needed for this update. Just // keeping it simple here and assuming we have that in scope. val logsWithDate = jsonDF . withColumn ( "date" , substring ( jsonDF ( "timestamp" ), 0 , 10 )) // Create a DataFrame with the set of logs that are after the highest day // in the index but a day before current. Just like we did when we created // the index, we're making one file per day. val partitionedUpdate = logsWithDate . filter ( logsWithDate ( "date" ) >= nextDateToIndex . format ( ISO_LOCAL_DATE )) . filter ( logsWithDate ( "date" ) < maxIndexableDate . format ( ISO_LOCAL_DATE )) . repartition ( numberOfDaysInUpdate , logsWithDate ( "date" )) // Append the new set of logs to the index partitionedUpdate . write . partitionBy ( "date" ) . mode ( SaveMode . Append ) . parquet ( "s3a://somelogs/by-day/" ) } else { println ( "No update required" ) }
Unified reads
Last but not least, we need a way to read from the index without forcing the user to worry about all these implementation details. The user shouldn't have to be concerned about which days are in the index and which are not; ideally they will be able to write queries as if they were accessing the raw logs directly. Luckily, Spark already handles most of that abstraction for us with DataFrames. All we have to do is union the raw logs DataFrame for recent logs with the indexed DataFrame for archived logs.
val maxIndexedDate = LocalDate . parse ( parquetIndex . select ( max ( parquetIndex ( "date" ))). head (). getString ( 0 )) val boundary = maxIndexedDay . plusDays ( 1 ). format ( ISO_LOCAL_DATE ) // Again, its crucial that the jsonDF uses a glob so it will only parse the // minimum amount of logs. In this case, only the files from maxIndexed date // until today. Omitting that work here. val jsonLogsWithDate = jsonDF . withColumn ( "date" , substring ( jsonDF ( "timestamp" ), 0 , 10 )) val filteredJsonLogs = jsonLogsWithDate . filter ( jsonLogsWithDate ( "date" ) >= boundary ) val filteredIndexedLogs = parquetIndex . filter ( parquetIndex ( "date" ) < boundary ) val mergedFrame = filteredIndexedLogs . union ( filteredJsonLogs )
Now mergedFrame can be queried against the full range of logs and whether the index is being used or not is completely transparent to the user. This is illustrated nicely in the Spark UI.
Spark will still have to parse all the JSON logs at query time since we don't have the same optimizations available as Parquet. However, if the index is kept current and a restrictive path glob is used for the JSON DataFrame, Spark shouldn't have to parse more than a day or two of logs. Of course, if we know our query will only be looking at historical data it would be optimal to query against the Parquet frame directly.
If you're interested in solving these sorts of problems, we'd love to hear from you. We're always hiring.
The Freedom From Religion Foundation has caused a religious club to be disbanded at a California elementary school.
Club Monarch, an afterschool bible club, was run in part by teachers and routinely given preferential treatment at Mariposa Elementary School in Brea, Calif. The club was mentioned in the weekly newsletter and listed in the school calendar. The newsletter announcements asked students to "Stop by the office to sign up." There were posters around the school exclusively advertising the club. At a back-to-school night, the principal effusively praised and recommended the club. And the club was allowed to begin its meetings a mere five minutes after the school day ended.
FFRF reminded the school that this sort of collaboration was unconstitutional.
"It is a well-settled principle of Establishment Clause jurisprudence that public schools may not advance, prefer or promote religion," FFRF Legal Fellow Madeline Ziegler wrote to Brea Olinda Unified School District Superintendent Brad Mason back in March. "If a school chooses to allow outside groups to host afterschool programs on its property and an outside group decides to create a religious program, there must be no school involvement in the organization or promotion of that religious program. That means that the district cannot promote Club Monarch on its website, its school walls, to parents at back-to-school night, and cannot coordinate sign-ups for the club in the school office."
FFRF also emphasized the extra care that elementary schools must take in this regard, given how vulnerable and impressionable their very young students are, and asked that the school end any appearance of endorsement of the club.
After reviewing school records obtained through an open records request, including over 2,500 pages of emails about Club Monarch going back only two years, FFRF wrote a follow-up letter in May stating that its apprehensions had been confirmed.
The school was distributing Club Monarch registration forms to its students and coordinating registration, instructing parents to return the forms to the school office or to their child's teacher. Records showed that school staff members were routinely planning and coordinating Club Monarch meetings via their school email accounts, often during the school day. Superintendent Mason actually spoke at a Club Monarch meeting in February, "sharing ... the heart of Jesus with the children," according to the club's Facebook page. Additionally, the club seems to have received special treatment in its rental, since it did not appear to possess the insurance certificate required by the school district's facility use policy.
FFRF maintained that the 2,500 pages of records showed the deep entanglement of Mariposa Elementary School and Club Monarch, and urged that the club be disbanded. Finally, FFRF has received confirmation that its advice has been followed.
"Club Monarch has ceased to operate at Mariposa Elementary School and does not operate at any other district school sites," the school district's legal firm has written to FFRF. "We trust that this resolves the concerns expressed in your organization's original letter dated March 1, 2016."
FFRF appreciates the change of heart.
"The operation of a religious club at an elementary school with the collusion of school principal and staff was way beyond the pale, and we're pleased we played a role in putting an end to it," says FFRF Co-President Annie Laurie Gaylor.
The Freedom From Religion Foundation is dedicated to the separation of state and church, with almost 24,000 members nationwide, including more than 3,200 in California.
The ovaries are two oval reproductive glands which are part of the female reproductive system. They sit on either side…
Squamous cell carcinoma and its cousins -- melanoma, different types of sarcomas -- do not spread like other kinds of cancer.
As cancer grows into or through the other layers in the bladder wall, it becomes harder to treat.
Melanoma begins in melanocytes which are a subtype of cells located in the basal layer of the epidermis.
A cancer of the lymphatic system, lymphoma begins in cells which are part of the body's immune system.
Myeloma is a type of cancer that begins in cells located in the bone marrow called plasma cells.
An overview of Cancer Tutor's recommended protocols for colon, stomach, esophageal, and rectal cancers.
The pancreatic duct is the most common place for pancreatic cancer to start, with 95 percent of pancreatic cancers starting here.
A malignant tumor, lung cancer is divided into non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) and small cell lung cancer (SCLC).
People with an average risk can consider screening at age 50 but with an increased risk should consider screening sooner.
The second most common cancer among men, worldwide, 1 in 6 will be diagnosed with prostate cancer in their lifetime.
Everything you need to know about the fourth-leading cause of cancer death in the United States.
Details on the Perfect Storm Protocol, generally recommended for stage IV cancers.
This Stage IV protocol is designed to use nutritional protocols which work in multiple ways energize the cells.
A potent treatment, it works by lowering the level of pathogens in the body which in turn helps the immune system to do its job.
There are six independent ways to cure cancer in this protocol, not counting the cancer diet.
Rooted in an organic diet, raw juices, coffee enemas, and supplements, the protocol restores the body's ability to heal itself.
Cesium Chloride has the ability to penetrate a cancer cell, destroy the enzyme systems, and not allow it to reproduce or survive.
The purpose of this protocol is to get massive amounts of oxygen and other microbe-killing substances inside the cancer cells.
This natural cancer treatment is a combination of pure, 100 percent maple syrup and aluminum-free baking soda.
There is no limit to how powerful natural cancer treatments can become. This article will help you know what to consider.
Studies support the cancer-fighting value of the foods, juices Dr. Johanna Budwig recommended.
For advanced cancer patients who need an alternative treatment to become effective in days, not weeks or months.
Fighting cancer is like fighting a fire, you need enough fire trucks. A patient should use 14 or more of the items in this protocol.
Prevention vs. Cure Articles Breast cancer is the most frequently diagnosed cancer in women in the U.S. Ayurvedic medicine can reduce your risk.
The VIDA Bowl Nutrition This is a crazy healthy, fun, fast and delicious bowl of feel good. Have fun and change whatever you want to; be spontaneous!
Why plant-based? Nutrition In addition to lowering the risk of certain types of cancer, a plant-based diet also may reduce your risk of developing heart disease and diabetes.
5 worst 'health' foods Nutrition Trust a manufacturer's food label? Most people today are clueless about what to eat, what not to eat, and how to tell the difference.
Farm-raised food Nutrition Whether we're talking about beef, pork or fish, any living creature taken out of its environment is not fit to be consumed by humans.
Natural sweeteners Nutrition Sugar is dangerous and should be omitted from diets. Here is the top 3 natural sweeteners -- safe, healthy for our bodies.
What's the difference? Nutrition Because products are advertised as all-natural, 100-percent natural, or even organic doesn't mean that they are good for you.
The conscious choice Nutrition Organic vs. non-organic: Dr. Eric Zielinski says the debate between foods usually centers on three topics ...
Fermenting vegetables Nutrition Our ancestors were actually manufacturing probiotic-rich super foods and enjoyed healthy, long lives because of their labors.
Multi-vitamins 101 Nutrition A dietary supplement contains a "dietary ingredient" intended to add nutritional value to (supplement) the diet.
Herbs and spices Nutrition Nutritional benefits are outstanding and enhance foods in different ways, and people are developing new mixes and blends.
The saga of the tower and its owner, Khaled Aly Fouda, exemplify the failure of three Egyptian presidents.
CAIRO // Jutting above the skyline on the island of Zamalek in central Cairo is a timeworn glass-and-steel testament to one man's 45-year struggle against the stifling bureaucracy and endemic corruption of the Egyptian state.
The 166-metre Gezira Tower and Hotel is one of the tallest buildings in Egypt and occupies some of its prime land. The cylindrical building was to become a 450-room Mövenpick hotel, but has stood empty for 16 years. A single display room furnished with bedding, lamps and an old television shows what might have been. The rest are bare concrete. A solitary security guard idles at the building's entrance.
The saga of the tower and its owner, Khaled Aly Fouda, exemplify the failure of three Egyptian presidents, as well as both socialist central planning and capitalist free-market reforms, to deliver prosperity to all but a few of Egypt's 83 million people.
It also represents what Egyptians hope might begin to change when they go to the polls this week to choose a president, capping a 16-month whirlwind that has included the toppling of Hosni Mubarak and the election of an Islamist-dominated parliament.
Whether the Tahrir Square "revolution" was a success - or even whether it was a revolution at all - now hinges in part on whether a new, democratically elected president and parliament can begin reforming a sclerotic, graft-ridden economic system that has left Egyptians such as the 81-year-old Mr Fouda shaking their heads in disappointment, disgust and cynicism.
"It's a very long story," said Mr Fouda in their Zamalek apartment as they began describing how a building that was conceived as a crown jewel of a president's vision for a new, modern Egypt is today an eyesore. "It will probably get longer."
Mr Fouda bought the land on which the Gezira Tower sits in 1968 during the presidency of Gamal Abdel Nasser. But it was under Anwar Sadat, who introduced reforms to overturn their predecessor's socialist ideas and open the economy to the world, that the idea for the tower took off.
Mr Fouda started out as an army statistician but moved into government in the late 1960s. They were among a set of bright, young advisers who gathered with Sadat in their village of Menoufiya on Fridays to discuss ideas for Egypt.
At one of those meetings, Mr Fouda pitched Sadat the idea for a tower that would bring Cairo into the skyscraper age.
"Sadat said to me, 'I want to build this country. I would love to see a new Manhattan in Egypt'," Mr Fouda recalled. "I said: 'Would you like Zamalek to be the new Manhattan of Egypt?' I presented my tower. They were very excited."
The seed for a tall tower was planted, but they did not begin investing in the idea until they left the government several years later.
The problems started during the regime of Hosni Mubarak, who took power in 1981 eight days after Sadat's assassination by Islamist militants. At first, the bureaucratic demands did not seem out of keeping with a project to build a tower in one of the world's most populous cities.
In the early 1980s, in one of just dozens of instances in which construction was halted by government ministries and agencies refusing to issue permits and licences, they were ordered to stop digging a 17-metre foundation after an inspector said the fire department did not have the equipment to reach the bottom floor. Then the ministry of interior's traffic department objected to Mr Fouda's parking plan and refused to allow the road to be blocked to bury the utility pipes under the pavement.
Construction ground to a halt for years, while they struggled with the authorities and filed lawsuits. On their daily walks with friends on the grounds of the Gezira Club in Zamalek, they would avoid looking at the incomplete tower because it was a constant reminder to them of failure.
"The problem with this building has always been its beautiful location," Mr Fouda said. "It caught the attention of all the business people in Egypt. Some of them were much wealthier than me."
One day, they received a call from Hussein Salem, one of the most prominent business people in Mubarak's Egypt. After last year's uprising, Mr Salem was convicted in their absence of defrauding the government and is now awaiting extradition from Spain. But in Mubarak's heyday, they were not easily ignored.
A meeting was set, at which Mr Salem said they could help with Mr Fouda's authorisation "troubles" if they were allowed to take over the building, Mr Fouda recounted.
"I was willing to allow an investment of up to 50 per cent, but they wanted to buy the whole building from me for US$500 million (Dh1.8bn)," said Mr Fouda. "He told me to take the money and go to Switzerland to live a good life. I told them that never in my travels have I found sandwiches as good as the ones with Egyptian foul and felafel. I am not a showy person. I don't need luxuries."
It was a sign that Sadat's free-market policies were being perverted, as a new generation of business people used their ties to government officials to amass huge fortunes and portfolios of projects.
Magda Kandil, the executive director of the Egyptian Centre for Economic Studies in Cairo, said graft and influence-peddling flourished after Egypt was forced into economic reforms after defaulting on its sovereign debts in the late 1980s and early 1990s and turning to international donors for loans.
"There was no attempt for the new economic model to be inclusive," they said. "Yes, there was corruption and over-centralisation of the government, but what went wrong is that it was not a level playing field. The ones who benefited were the big investors who knew how to play the game."
The free-market reforms, including changes in tax laws and regulations that made it easier for foreign investment in Egypt, led to some improvements. But the growing population benefited little.
Mr Fouda managed to thrive and continue financing their tower project, even if their struggle was appearing increasingly quixotic. After leaving the government, they set up companies to help foreign business people build factories and invest in Egyptian projects.
"At that time, I started making real money," they said.
Nevertheless, the difficulties of developing property remained. Land, they found, was where a confluence of corruption and bureaucracy created huge obstacles to ordinary business people. Many of the convictions last year of business people and government officials were tied to land deals, where government land was sold cheaply to business people who built lucrative projects and compensated the officials through side payments.
In the 1990s, Mr Fouda had bought a piece of land in the Sinai, an area then of little interest to Cairo, and began building a beach resort. By 1996, not long after they signed a contract with Mövenpick to start running the beachfront hotel that year, the government seized the land and the resort, on grounds of Egypt's "strategic interest".
That dispute ended only weeks before the January 2011 uprising. The ministry of defence took control of the land and project, paying 150 million pounds. After paying the interest that accrued on loans to build the resort, Mr Fouda took away just 80 million Egyptian pounds ($13.3m). The project would have brought a windfall, they said, but it was another victim of the imbalanced system.
"I didn't want to sell, but I was up against all the powers. I had no choice. I paid the consequences of an honest career in business."
These days, a skeleton crew has been working on preventing the Gezira Tower from deteriorating further. Dangling from the steel frame of what was designed as a rotating restaurant, workers have been applying rust-proof paint to protect it from the elements.
With the government focused on restoring security and getting the economy back on track, Mr Fouda said they have not yet been able to secure the permits they need to build parking near by.  They are not bitter, but after waiting this long they have no plans to give up.
The next president, they hope, won't stand in the way of their tower or obstruct any business person from developing the country. Even if another tycoon comes knocking, Mr Fouda will send them away.
"I will never sell," they said, with a stubborn grin. "I'd rather leave it incomplete in the sky."
bhope@thenational.ae
The Legend of Zelda is one of gaming's most consistently beautiful franchises, full of unique landscapes and expansive horizons. So shouldn't a (theoretical) film adaptation be just as pleasing to the eyes? I imagine that thought - or at least, one close to it - was going through artist Matt Vince's head when they created this beautiful teaser of Zelda as a Studio Ghibli movie.
The resemblance is uncanny, especially near the end when Link is riding up a mountain slope on Epona - reminds me of Ashitaka on Yakul's back in Princess Mononoke. Hell, even the font is dead on. I doubt we'll ever see Zelda come to the big screen, but if it did, the people in charge could stand to take some pointers from Matt's work here.
Absolutely gorgeous.
Seen something newsworthy? Tell us!
Ok so this gift blew my socks off! I absolutely love it.
First was a letter telling me that my Santa had made a donation in honour of Harold Ramis to the Children's Tumor Foundation, of which Ramis was a board member and proponent of research into neurofibromatosis. This touched my heart. I cried when I read it, my mom thought it was an amazing gift. Well done.
But that was not all. A few days later (today) a small package arrived from England! I WAS PUMPED! So I opened it and squealed. An amazing hand decorated mug with none other than my main man Peter Venkman. I seriously love this man. And the mug is so stylish, I am taking it to my office on campus on Thursday to drink my coffee from.
I even made a video to show just how god damn excited I was.
The €40,000 award of damages to hill walker Teresa Wall, following a fall on the Wicklow Way, will be challenged in the High Court, it has been confirmed.
Sources confirmed on Monday appeal papers are to be lodged within a matter of days.
Legal argument will likely apply mainly to Section 4 of the Occupiers' Liability Act, 1995 and in particular whether, under the Section, there was a failure on the part of the National Parks and Wildlife Service to take reasonable care to maintain a boardwalk in a safe condition.
Ms Wall, a 59-year-old from Rathingle Cottages, Swords, Co Dublin, injured their knee when they fell on a boardwalk of partially rotten railway sleepers on August 6th, 2013. They claimed at the Circuit Civil Court in Dublin that they had been directed by signs to walk on the sleepers.
Them barrister David McParland argued that the boardwalk constituted “a structure” under the 1995 Act which imposed a much higher duty of care in the maintenance and management of it.
Reckless disregard
The Act provided that in respect of a danger existing on a premise the occupier owed a recreational user or trespasser a duty not to intentionally injure them or damage their property and not act with reckless disregard for the person or their property.
The Act stipulated that where “a structure” had been provided for use by a recreational user, the occupier “shall” take reasonable care to maintain it in a safe condition” therefore, Mr McParland argued, their client did not even have to establish that the Parks Service was in breach of its duty not to injure intentionally and not to act with reckless disregard.
Judge Jacqueline Linnane said Kevin D'Arcy, counsel for the defendant, submitted that Ms Wall had failed to establish that the boardwalk was a danger or that the Parks Service had intentionally injured them or acted in reckless disregard towards them
They said the evidence from witnesses for the defence had been that there was an audit inspection every two years on which it relied to rectify any problems and on hill walkers to report anything which needed attention.
The judge said Mr D'Arcy, in written submissions , had disputed that the boardwalk was a “structure” and claimed it was part of the land itself.
They said the defence basically put forward by the Parks Service was that Ms Wall was tired and not looking where they were going and that works of repair and maintenance would require the airlifting in of a crew at a cost both to the habitat and financially.
Judge Linnane decided that Ms Wall was directed to use the boardwalk of second hand wooden railway sleepers – a structure it had placed on the land.
Although Derrick Rose hasn't played in a game this season and they won't be in the NBA All-Star game in Houston, adidas has revealed the Rose 3.5 “All-Star” colorway.
The Rose 3.5 model is designed like it's predecessors and built for performance. It's sleek design and comfort gives your foot all the attention it needs when your on the court.
The 3.5 is expected to release in stores this month in a variety of colorways, and most likely will be the choice of shoe for Rose when they make their return to the Chicago Bulls.
This colorway of the 3.5 features a metallic laser blue that represents the NBA's Eastern Conference jerseys for the Star Game in February. The colorway is compliments with two white stripes on the heel as well as the Rose logo on the tongue and outsides of the shoe.
Look for these to drop sometime in February, and catch Derrick Rose sporting the adidas Rose 3.5 when they make their long awaited return to the NBA.
The New Orleans Saints confirmed today that first round pick Cameron Jordan has reached an agreement on a contract.
The Associated Press is reporting that Jordan agreed to a four year, $7.7 million deal.
Jordan was the Saints' only remaining draft pick that had not reached an agreement. They were one of the six first-round picks that remained unsigned.
Philadelphia Eagles offensive tackle Danny Watkins, who was drafted one slot ahead of Jordan at 23rd in last April's draft, agreed to a four-year, $7.9 million deal on Monday. Also, all eight draft picks selected after Jordan had already signed or agreed to term.
Jordan is expected to provide immediate help on the Saints' defensive front. Jordan, a defensive end from Cal, was the Saints No. 1 overall pick in last April's NFL draft.
The Saints signed their second first-round pick, running back Mark Ingram, to a four-year, $7.41 million deals last week.
It is uncertain if Jordan will be available to practice on Wednesday. The Saints did not practice on Tuesday.
Directed by Peter Landesman, the film also stars Albert Brooks and Alec Baldwin.
The first trailer for Concussion is out, and it holds little back.
The sports drama tells the controversial story of the doctors who proved the link between former NFL players affected by major neurological problems due to head injuries suffered during their careers and the NFL's denials of any such connection.
Concussion follows the story of Dr. Bennet Omalu (Will Smith) who — after studying the brains of ex-pros such as Dave Duerson (Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje) and Andre Waters (Richard T. Jones) — discovers that they were suffering from chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE), a neuro-degenerative disease caused by repeated trauma to the head.
The film also stars Luke Wilson as NFL commissioner Roger Goodell, and Albert Brooks and Alec Baldwin as doctors who help Dr. Omalu in their fight for the truth to be known.
Directed by Peter Landesman, Concussion is based on the GQ magazine article "Game Brain" by Jeanne Marie Laskas.
Produced by Columbia Pictures, Concussion hits theaters on Dec. 25.
NASA is asking scientists to consider what would be the best instruments to include on a mission to land on Jupiter's icy moon, Europa.
NASA Wednesday informed the science community to prepare for a planned competition to select science instruments for a potential Europa lander.
While a Europa lander mission is not yet approved by NASA, the agency's Planetary Science Division has funding in Fiscal Year 2017 to conduct the announcement of opportunity process.
"The possibility of placing a lander on the surface of this intriguing icy moon, touching and exploring a world that might harbor life is at the heart of the Europa lander mission," said Thomas Zurbuchen, associate administrator of NASA's Science Mission Directorate in Washington. "We want the community to be prepared for this announcement of opportunity, because NASA recognizes the immense amount of work involved in preparing proposals for this potential future exploration."
The community announcement provides advance notice of NASA's plan to hold a competition for instrument investigations for a potential Europa lander mission. Proposed investigations will be evaluated and selected through a two-step competitive process to fund development of a variety of relevant instruments and then to ensure the instruments are compatible with the mission concept.
Approximately 10 proposals may be selected to proceed into a competitive Phase A. The Phase A concept study will be limited to approximately 12 months with a $1.5 million budget per investigation. At the conclusion of these studies, NASA may select some of these concepts to complete Phase A and subsequent mission phases.
Investigations will be limited to those addressing the following science objectives, which are listed in order of decreasing priority:
• Search for evidence of life on Europa
• Assess the habitability of Europa via in situ techniques uniquely available to a lander mission
• Characterize surface and subsurface properties at the scale of the lander
In early 2016, in response to a congressional directive, NASA's Planetary Science Division began a study to assess the science and engineering design of a future Europa lander mission. NASA routinely conducts such studies -- known as Science Definition Team (SDT) reports -- long before the start of any mission to gain an understanding of the challenges, feasibility and science value of the potential mission. The 21-member team began work almost one year ago, submitting a report to NASA on Feb. 7.
The agency briefed the community on the Europa Lander SDT study at recent town halls at the 2017 Lunar and Planetary Science Conference (LPSC) at The Woodlands, Texas, and the Astrobiology Science Conference (AbSciCon) in Mesa, Arizona.
The proposed Europa lander is separate from and would follow its predecessor -- the Europa Clipper multiple flyby mission - which now is in preliminary design phase and planned for launch in the early 2020s. Arriving in the Jupiter system after a journey of several years, the spacecraft would orbit the planet about every two weeks, providing opportunities for 40 to 45 flybys in the prime mission. The Clipper spacecraft would image Europa's icy surface at high resolution, and investigate its composition and structure of its interior and icy shell.
Wednesday's community announcement in no way obligates NASA to solicit future proposals.
To view the Europa Lander Science Definition Team report:
https://solarsystem.nasa.gov/europa/technical.cfm
For more information about NASA's Europa Clipper mission:
http://www.nasa.gov/europa
News Media Contact
Dwayne BrownNASA Headquarters, Washington202-358-1726dwayne.c.brown@nasa.gov2017-142
IDEAS Sierra Mannie is a writer based in Mississippi.
When I read that an appeal for Harriet Tubman's image to grace the front of the U.S. $20 bill would soon land on the Secretary of the Treasury's desk, I was, to say the least, underwhelmed.
Earlier this year the group Women on 20s launched a poll asking who people would rather see on a $20 bill instead of seventh president Andrew Jackson. Harriet Tubman won. As a black woman and a feminist (and as someone who once played Harriet Tubman in their second-grade class play), I am painfully aware of the major impact that representation — or a lack thereof — has on the reflection of societal progress of underprivileged groups. Recalling the social media whirlpool of anguish after Michelle Obama's jubilant, self-affirming speech of black womanhood at BET's Black Girls Rock event last month — cries of reverse racism and even a #metoo hashtag that proclaimed #whitegirlsrock — it's obvious that America is past-due for getting over its centuries of misogynoir.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
But Harriet Tubman on a $20 bill is chump change.
It's not that I don't want to see them on my money, but there is a bitter irony to putting a black woman on a $20 bill when America makes it nearly impossible for black women to see Andrew Jackson's face there in the first place.
Black women — from slaves to First Ladies — have served and suffered for as long as we have existed in this country, in every imaginable way. But despite the centuries of black female triumph as we toil through merely living in this unfriendly nation, built on our backs, the rest of the world gets to pick and choose whether or not we're worthy of acknowledgement. We are either muted, the unseen, or blaring, painful to the senses. And the strident force in blocking us out is pervasive. Black men killed by the police get widespread media attention, for better or worse; we cannot say the same of the very many women brutalized or killed by law enforcement, or of the black trans women murdered at alarming rates. The leech of poverty, existing at the crossroads of capitalism and racism, disproportionately affects women of all races, but especially black people.
All of these small calamities are residual evils of the institution of slavery that Harriet Tubman risked their lives, for decades, to try to dismantle. Black women need representation, but Harriet Tubman on a twenty feels like commiseration, a pat-on-the-back apology for being black — and that's if they make it there. If they do, it would always be a reminder (whenever $20 graces my presence, at least) that I deserve so much more “justice.”
Sierra Mannie is a writer based in Mississippi.
Read next: Dear White Gays: Stop Stealing Black Female Culture.
17 of History's Most Rebellious Women Yuri Kozyrev—Noor for TIME Hani Mohammed—AP Alison Wright—Corbis Willia Vicoy— Reuters/Corbis Getty Images Hulton Archive—Getty Images Bettmann—Corbis AP Harry Benson—Getty Images Bettmann—Corbis Hulton-Deutsch Collection—Corbis Frances Benjamin Johnston—Corbis Bettmann—Corbis Corbis Hulton Archive—Getty Images Hulton Archive—Getty Images 1 of 17 Advertisement
Listen to the most important stories of the day.
Contact us at editors@time.com.
Concordia International Corp. (Nsdaq: CXRX) stated that Concordia's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Mark Thompson was notified earlier today of the sale of 505,000 of their shares as part of a margin call.
These shares were not granted to Mr. Thompson as compensation. The shares were pledged to secure loans made to Mr. Thompson, and the sales terms were agreed upon, prior to the Company's April 21, 2016 announcement that it had formed a Special Committee to evaluate strategic alternatives. The financial institution executed the share sale after Concordia's common shares declined below a certain market price. Mr. Thompson continues to hold 1,620,251 shares of Concordia.
"It is with great regret that I have been forced to sell shares in Concordia," said Mark Thompson, Chairman and Chief Executive Office of Concordia. "Since founding Concordia three years ago, I participated in the initial equity offering and two subsequent financings and invested further last fall. This sale in no way diminishes my confidence in Concordia's business and prospects."
Concordia's senior management team is currently in a blackout period until the conclusion of the review of strategic alternatives and cannot proactively sell or buy shares at this time.
Concordia also commented today on media reports that it had acquired Pernix Therapeutics (Nasdaq: PTX). Concordia has not made a bid for, nor acquired Pernix Therapeutics and is not involved in any discussions about any type of transaction with Pernix Therapeutics.
To what extent do members of Congress respond unequally to people in different economic situations? How does partisan control of the agenda change the way in which Senators respond to the poor? Using data from the 2004 National Annenberg Election Survey, and multiple roll call votes, I examine Senate responsiveness for the 107th through 111th Congresses. The results show consistent responsiveness toward upper income constituents. Moreover, Republicans are more responsive than Democrats to middle-income constituents in the 109th Congress, and a case study of the 107th Senate reveals that responsiveness toward the wealthy increases once Democrats take control of the chamber.
Achen, Christopher H. 1978 . “ Measuring Representation .” American Journal of Political Science 22: 475 - 509 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Achen, Christopher H., Bartels, Larry M. 2004 . “ Musical Chairs: Pocketbook Voting and the Limits of Democratic Accountability .” Unpublished manuscript. Prepared for presentation at the Annual Meeting of the American Political Science Association , Chicago , .
Google Scholar
Bartels, Larry M. 2006 . “ What's the Matter with What's the Matter with Kansas?” Quarterly Journal of Political Science 1: 201 - 26 .
Google Scholar
Bartels, Larry M. 2008 . Unequal Democracy: The Political Economy of the New Gilded Age. New York : Russell Sage Foundation .
Google Scholar
Bernstein, Robert A. 1989 . Elections, Representation and Congressional Voting Behavior: The Myth of Constituency Control. New Jersey : Prentice Hall .
Google Scholar
Bianco, William T., Spence, John B., Wilkerson, John D. 1996 . “ The Electoral Connection in the Early Congress: The Case of the Compensation Act of 1816 .” American Journal of Political Science 40: 145 - 71 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Bishin, Benjamin G. 2000 . “ Constituency Influence in Congress: Does Subconstituency Matter? ” Legislative Studies Quarterly 25: 389 - 415 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Bishin, Benjamin G. 2009 . Tyranny of the Minority: The Subconstituency Politics Theory of Representation. Philadelphia : Temple University Press .
Google Scholar
Carnes, Nicholas . 2012 . “ Does the Numerical Underrepresentation of the Working Class in Congress Matter? Evidence from Roll Call Voting in the House of Representatives .” Legislative Studies Quarterly 37: 5 - 34 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Clausen, Aage . 1973 . How Congressmen Decide: A Policy Focus. New York : St. Martins Press .
Google Scholar
Clinton, Joshua D. 2006 . “ Representation in Congress: Constituents and Roll Calls in the 106th House .” The Journal of Politics 68: 397 - 409 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Converse, Philip E. 1990 . “ Popular Representation and the Distribution of Information .” In Information and Democratic Processes, edited by Ferejohn, John A, Kuklinski, James H., 369 - 88 . Chicago : University of Illinois Press .
Google Scholar
Cox, Gary W., McCubbins, Mathew. 2005 . Setting the Agenda: Responsible Party Government in the U.S. House of Representatives. New York : Cambridge University Press .
Google Scholar Crossref
Dahl, Robert A. 1956 . A Preface to Democratic Theory. Chicago : University of Chicago Press .
Google Scholar
Dahl, Robert A. 1971 . Polyarchy: Participation and Opposition. New Haven : Yale University Press .
Google Scholar
Delli Carpini, Michael, Keeter, Scott. 1996 . What Americans Know about Politics and Why It Matters. New Haven : Yale University Press .
Google Scholar
Dennis, Christopher . 1998 . “ Support for Campaign Spending Limitations in the U.S. Senate: The Role of Party, Ideology and Electoral Security .” Journal of Socio-Economics 27: 641 - 49 .
Google Scholar Crossref
Dennis, Christopher, Medoff, Marshall H., Gagnier, Michele N. 1998 . “ The Impact of Racially Disproportionate Outcomes on Public Policy: The U.S. Senate and the Death Penalty .” Social Science Journal 35: 169 - 81 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Elling, Richard C. 1982 . “ Ideological Change in the U.S. Senate: Time and Electoral Responsiveness .” Legislative Studies Quarterly 7: 75 - 92 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Erikson, Robert S. 1978 . “ Constituency Opinion and Congressional Behavior: A Reexamination of the Miller-Stokes Representation Data .” American Journal of Political Science 22: 511 - 35 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Fenno, Richard F. 1978 . Home Style: House Members in Their Districts. Boston : Little, Brown .
Google Scholar
Gelman, Andrew, Park, David, Shor, Boris, Bafumi, Joseph, Cortina, Jeronimo. 2008 . Red State, Blue State, Rich State, Poor State: Why Americans Vote the Way They Do. Princeton : Princeton University Press .
Google Scholar
Gerring, John . 2007 . Case Study Research: Principles and Practices. Cambridge : Cambridge University Press .
Google Scholar
Gilens, Martin . 2005 . “ Inequality and Democratic Responsiveness .” Public Opinion Quarterly 69: 778 - 96 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Graetz, Michael J., Shapiro, Ian. 2005 . Death by a Thousand Cuts: The Fight over Taxing Inherited Wealth. Princeton : Princeton University Press .
Google Scholar
Griffin, John D., Newman, Brian. 2005 . “ Are Voters Better Represented?” The Journal of Politics 67: 1206 - 27 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Hibbs, Douglas A. 1977 . “ Political Parties and Macroeconomic Policy .” American Political Science Review 71: 1467 - 87 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Hibbs, Douglas A., Dennis, Christopher. 1988 . “ Income Distribution in the United States .” American Political Science Review 82: 467 - 90 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Hill, Kim Quaile, Leighley, Jan E. 1992 . “ The Policy Consequences of Class Bias in State Electorates .” American Journal of Political Science 36: 351 - 65 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Hutchings, Vincent L. 1998 . “ Issue Salience and Support for Civil Rights Legislation among Southern Democrats .” Legislative Studies Quarterly 23 (November): 521 - 44 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Keister, Lisa A., Moller, Stephanie. 2000 . “ Wealth Inequality in the United States .” Annual Review of Sociology 26: 63 - 81 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Kingdon, John . 1977 . “ Models of Legislative Voting .” The Journal of Politics 39: 563 - 97 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Koger, Gregory . 2010 . Filibustering: A Political History of Obstruction in the House and Senate. Chicago : Chicago University Press .
Google Scholar Crossref
Margasak, Larry . 2001 . “ Democrats Take Control of Senate .” The Washington Post, May 24 . http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-srv/aponline/20010524/aponline115347_000.htm
Google Scholar
Martin, Paul S. 2003 . “ Voting's Rewards: Voter Turnout, Attentive Publics, and Congressional Allocation of Federal Money .” American Journal of Political Science 47: 110 - 27 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
McCarty, Nolan, Poole, Keith T., Rosenthal, Howard. 2006 . Polarized American: The Dance of Ideology and Unequal Riches. Cambridge : MIT Press .
Google Scholar
McClosky, Herbert, Zaller, John. 1984 . The American Ethos: Public Attitudes toward Capitalism and Democracy. Cambridge : Harvard University Press .
Google Scholar Crossref
Miller, Warren E., Stokes, Donald E. 1963 . “ Constituency Influence in Congress .” American Political Science Review 57: 45 - 56 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Page, Benjamin I., Shapiro, Robert Y., Gronke, Paul, Rosenberg, Robert M. 1984 . “ Constituency, Party, and Representation in Congress .” Public Opinion Quarterly 48: 741 - 56 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Piketty, Thomas, Saez, Emmanuel. 2003 . “ Income Inequality in the United States, 1913-1998 .” Quarterly Journal of Economics 118: 1 - 39 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Pitkin, Hannah Fenichel . 1967 . The Concept of Representation. Berkeley : University of California Press .
Google Scholar
Poole, Keith T. 2003 . “ Changing Minds? Not in Congress! ” Working Paper. http://www.voteview.com/chminds.pdf
Google Scholar
Poole, Keith T., Rosenthal, Howard. 1997 . Congress: A Political-Economic History of Roll Call Voting. New York : Oxford University Press .
Google Scholar
Schumaker, Paul D., Getter, Russell W. 1977 . “ Responsiveness Bias in 51 American Communities .” American Journal of Political Science 21: 247 - 81 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Sekhon, Jasjeet S., Titiunik, Rocio. 2012 . “ When Natural Experiments Are Neither Natural Nor Experiments .” American Political Science Review 106: 35 - 57 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
Stimson, James . 2004 . Tides of Consent: How Public Opinion Shapes American Politics. Cambridge : Cambridge University Press .
Google Scholar Crossref
Stonecash, Jeffrey M. 2000 . Class and Party in American Politics. Boulder : Westview Press .
Google Scholar
Task Force on Inequality and American Democracy . 2004 . “ American Democracy in an Age of Rising Inequality .” Perspectives on Politics 2: 651 - 66 .
Google Scholar Crossref
Tufte, Edward R. 1978 . Political Control of the Economy. Princeton : Princeton University Press .
Google Scholar
Verba, Sidney, Schlozman, Kay Lehman, Brady, Henry E. 1995 . Voice and Equality: Civic Voluntarism in American Politics. Cambridge : Harvard University Press .
Google Scholar
Verba, Sidney, Nie, Norman H., Kim, Jae-on. 1978 . Participation and Political Equality: A Seven-Nation Comparison. Cambridge : Cambridge University Press .
Google Scholar
Winters, Jeffrey A., Page, Benjamin I. 2009 . “ Oligarchy in the United States?” Perspectives on Politics 7: 731 - 51 .
Google Scholar Crossref | ISI
One of the discussions that comes up repeatedly in security circles is how to replace the venerable username/password method of providing access control. People are creatures of habit and more often than naught they will pick passwords that are easily remembered and just as easily guessed. So, how do we build a better mouse trap? There has to be a better way.
Enter the use of biometrics. These are distinct identifiers as evidenced in finger prints and retina scans examples. These were an improvement over username / password combinations. A unique identifier that the user would have and we would not find stuck on a post-it note on the edge of a computer monitor.
But, these are not without their limitations. Case in point is the retina scanner. In the late 90s I was called to a meeting. In the room was several senior executives of our company and two high ranking military officials. I thought this is a peculiar meeting for me to be called into but, I soon understood why I was at the table. The two officials were rather enamored with their authentication tool they had brought for us to review. They were looking for confirmation from us that their choice in using this technology was a good one. This was a rather interesting tool that would scan the the pattern of blood vessels, the capillaries. This pattern could be scanned and captured into a database that could be checked later for authentication purposes.
When they were done with their presentation our VP turned to look across the table at me and asked if I could defeat the retina scanner. The two officers smirked and leaned back in their chairs convinced that I would not have a good answer for the question. I said, “Sure. Do you have a bowie knife?” Their jaws dropped. My VP smiled. In that moment we managed to win some new business. At no point did their scanner check to see if the retina that was being scanned was in fact, alive.
Much in the same way we found that fingerprint scanners could be defeated. The tried and true method was the use of gelatin, like that found in Gummie Bears candy, first published by Tsutomu Matsumoto in 2002. These could be used to make a fake fingerprint from a latent print and then make a that could then be used to defeat fingerprint readers. The device would not be able to distinguish between a live finger or a fake one. A very simple low tech way that could bypass this device.
Jump ahead to 2013. While at a conference in Chicago I had an opportunity to go to dinner with some friends. It was a busy night in an upscale steak house and we were relegated to the bar as we waited for our table. We found ourselves next to the cash register for the bar which was oddly turned to face towards the customers. There was a fingerprint reader attached to it. We started to fiddle with it. On a lark we decided to try and see if the reader would mistakenly grant us access to the terminal. When we reached the eighth finger tested the terminal flickered to life and said “Welcome George.” This fingerprint reader afforded no protection as none of us were the asupervisorstioned George who later seated us at our table.
Some of these are issues have been addressed to an extent. But, they demonstrate that no matter what you may put forward to remedy the problems with passwords there is always room for improvement.
(Image used under CC from CPOA)
The beauty of mixed-radix bases On the relationship between mixed-radix bases and array indexing
Numbers. They turn out to be pretty crucial, and everyone is familiar with the decimal number system, or base 10. Programmers, of course, also tend to use decimal numbers, but binary and hexadecimal also see frequent use (bases 2 and 16, respectively). Occasionally one even comes across octal (base 8).
Programming languages generally support writing numbers in several of the above, sometimes following the C convention of using a 0 prefix for octal numbers and 0x for hexadecimal numbers. Also common are functions to convert integers to and from different bases, usually represented as a text string.
There are a number of problems with using text strings to represent a number. For instance, such functions are usually restricted to bases 2 … 36 because only [0-9a-z] are available as digits. They are also quite annoying to manipulate, and fairly fragile (what if the string doesn't follow the expected syntax?). Another representation would be as a vector of integers, each element corresponding to one digit: there is no need to represent the digits by characters, so you have no upper bound on what base to support (other than restrictions on the integer type itself).
Languages in the APL family (at least APL, J, K) tend to take this approach, and in addition they also extend the “base” parameter to support vectors. That is, instead of using the same base for every position (the way decimal, binary etc work), we supply a vector with one base for each position. This might seem really weird at first, but is how a mixed-radix base works.
Why would we ever want different positions to take on different bases? One everyday example would be representing time as days, hours, minutes and seconds: there are 60 seconds to a minute, and 60 minutes to an hour, but of course there are 24 hours to a day. Thus, our radix is ∞ 24 60 60 .
The rest of this article will explore a (hopefully) surprising and interesting use of these conversion functions, making an argument along the way in favour of zero-indexing for arrays, and finally provide a practical example of this in the J programming language.
We will return to mixed-radix bases in a moment, but first I want to briefly introduce the other party of this story: the array. In particular I want to introduce you to rectangular arrays, multidimensional arrays that conceptually can be thought of as a rectangle (or cuboid, or …), where each axis has a given length. Together, the length along each axis (from the highest dimension to lowest) gives us the shape of the array, and the length of the shape is its rank (or number of dimensions). Arrays of rank 1 are typically called vectors.
Arrays of higher dimensions (such as matrices) can be stored in a lot of different ways. The by far most common approach today is row-major order, in which you read out the matrix in the order that you would read English text: left-to-right, then top-to-bottom. Elements adjacent in a row are stored adjacent in memory, but elements adjacent in a column are stored far apart (one matrix-width apart, in fact). The complementary approach, favouring columns, would be column-major order, notably seen in Fortran. There are other interesting approaches too, but we will focus on only row-major order, which is what you see in C.
Another common example of a matrix in row-major order would be framebuffers for a screen. In fact, a framebuffer is essentially a rank-3 array: its shape would be height width depth , where depth is the number of channels (often 3 or 4, for red, green, blue, and possibly alpha).
Anyone who has ever worked with 2D graphics has probably written an expression of the form y⋅width + x or (y⋅width + x)⋅depth + channel to manipulate a particular pixel at some particular coordinate.
Let us take a moment and think about what we are doing here: we are indexing a rectangular array. Consider the example with colour depth, whose shape is height width depth : we are indexing it at coordinate (y, x, channel), yielding the expression (y⋅width + x)⋅depth + channel. This is, inherently, treating the number (y, x, channel) as a base- height width depth number, converting it to a single integer.
Which is to say, indexing a multidimensional array is essentially radix conversion. This isn't restricted to two or three dimensions, of course, but works for any multidimensional array laid out in row-major order.
We can look at this from a slightly different angle too: nested loops in an imperative language. Consider nested loops as shown below.
for ( int i = 0 ; i < I ; i ++ ) { for ( int j = 0 ; j < J ; j ++ ) { for ( int k = 0 ; k < K ; k ++ ) { ... } } }
(Of course, one common use of such nested loops is to iterate along the axes of a rectangular array… so you might already see where this is heading.)
This isn't too bad in the case above with only three loops, but it is easy to see why this wouldn't look nice with more deeply-nested loops. Sometimes one doesn't even know the depth ahead of time; the number of nested loops needed might only be known at runtime. While it is possible to solve this recursively, it quickly gets very ugly.
So, what can we do instead? Well, in the above case the total number of iterations will be I⋅J⋅K, so could we maybe collapse the loops into a single one, looping from 0 to I⋅J⋅K? The answer is yes, and to extract the individual i,j,k values we… perform a base conversion! In this case we're going in the other direction, from a single compound number to its representation in base I J K .
(As an aside, this also makes a bit of an argument in favour of indexing arrays from 0 rather than 1: a decimal number's digits takes on values 0 … 9, and we have shown how rectangular array indexing behave very similarly to mixed-radix numbers, so it follows fairly naturally to have array indices be indexed from 0 as well. It just makes the mathematical relationships more elegant.)
Finally, I want to show an example of making use of base-conversion-as-array-indexing in practice, from the source that first taught me about this relationship. This is a definition in J from Ben Gorte, generalising the built-in I. to higher dimensions. J has a fairly… unconventional syntax, but I will focus on explaining the semantics of what is going on here.
Idot =: $ #: I .@:,
First, we need to know what I. does in the first place. It is quite simple: given a boolean vector (booleans in J are represented by 0 and 1 for false and true, respectively), return the indices of all the 1's in ascending order. Thus, I. 0 1 1 0 0 1 0 0 produces 1 2 5 (the elements being zero-indexed, starting from the left).
One useful way of generalising this to higher dimensions would be to produce a list of vectors, each vector giving the coordinate for a 1. Unfortunately, for a variety of reasons this isn't how I. generalises, so we will have to implement it ourself. This is what Idot , defined above, is for.
Next, I will go through how this works step-by-step. The definition of Idot hinges on the fact that we already have I. that works adequately for vectors, so we want to make use of this and do some pre- and post-processing to get the appropriate coordinates-of-ones as the result of Idot .
For preprocessing, we need to somehow turn the input array into a vector. We do this by ravelling the array, essentially reading out its elements in row-major order (the way it is laid out in memory). In practice, since the data as it is in memory is already laid out properly, we only really need to change the metadata. In C terms we essentially cast to int * . After this, we can apply I. and get the indices of the ones in the ravelled array.
Finally we need to postprocess the indices and turn them into vector coordinates. This is of course a base conversion, making use of the connection between array indexing and base conversion: we use antibase ( #: ) to expand each scalar into a vector, the radix of the conversion being the shape ( $ ) of the original array. And thus, we have the result we wanted!
Below is a REPL transcript of how this works out for a concrete example.
NB. index vector: increasing integers assembled into shape 2 3 4 i . 2 3 4 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 NB. pick out only the values 5 and 18, define this boolean array as `array` ] array =. 5 18 e .~ i . 2 3 4 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 , array NB. ravel array 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 I . , array NB. indices of 1's in ravelled array 5 18 $ array NB. shape of array 2 3 4 ( $ array ) #: I . , array NB. use shape as radix in a base conversion 0 1 1 1 1 2 ( $ #: I .@, ) array NB. same thing, expressed tacitly 0 1 1 1 1 2
The main takeaway of this article is that base conversion can crop up in the most surprising of places. I happened to find the connection to rectangular arrays particularly elegant and surprising, and so decided to focus on it. If you can think of other interesting, surprising uses of radix conversion (both of constant and mixed radix), I would love to hear about them!
New Delhi, Feb 24: Eyeing the upcoming Gujarat Assembly Elections 2017, which is scheduled to be contested in November end or first week of December, Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) supremo Arvind Kejriwal who returned to Delhi after spending 15 days in naturopathy session in Bengaluru organised a political affairs committee meeting to revamp the NRI cell. After receiving a massive support from the NRI's during the Punjab Assembly Elections 2017, AAP has now decided to target the Gujarati NRIs ahead of the Gujarat Assembly Elections.
In the political affairs committee meeting, Prithvi Reddy who has been with the party since Anna Aandolan has been appointed as the NRI Cell co-convener. Prithvi Reddy is one of the prime faces of AAP in Bengaluru. In the meeting, it was also decided to start selection process of the candidates for the municipal polls in Delhi.
“Both Punjab and Gujarat have a dominant NRI population. Reddy's work in mobilising the NRI community in Punjab has been recognised and they are now set to lead the charge in Gujarat,” a top AAP leader was quoted by The Indian Express.
It is being reported that Arvind Kejriwal is trying to gain some hold in Gujarat and the party is also conducting a show of strength on March 26. “We have been running a campaign called Gujarat Azadi Andolan in all districts of the state. This campaign will culminate in a massive rally in Gandhinagar. The plan is to gherao chief minister Vijay Rupani,” one of the leaders involved in the campaign said.
The volunteers of AAP have also been identifying the major issues in the state and as per sources, the main focus of the party will be healthcare, education and farmers issue. The party will make its debut in Gujarat Assembly elections this year where BJP and Congress are the main contenders.
BJP has been in the state since 1995 and Gujarat has been one of the main states being governed by the party. Prime Minister Narendra Modi contested the 2014 General Elections with the ‘Gujarat Model'. However, since PM Modi has moved to Delhi in 2014, the state has witnessed two Chief Ministers in the form of Anandiben Patel and Vijay Rupani. The party is struggling in the state and AAP is trying to make full benefit out of it.
Apart from Gujarat, AAP is also focusing on states of Himachal Pradesh, Chhatisgarh and Madhya Pradesh.
A New York Post review of the new movie Out of the Furnace that refers to the Ramapough Indian tribe as "New Jersey hillbillies" has sparked outrage amongst local community leaders who say it wrongly depicts the diverse, unified nature of Mahwah.
Ramapough Chief Dwaine Perry joined Mahwah Mayor Bill Laforet and Mahwah Schools Superintendent Lauren Schoen at a press conference in town hall Wednesday afternoon speaking out against the language used in the review.
In its review, the Post refers to the "Ramapough Mountain Indians" as "hillbillies who live in a self-contained world of drugs, violence and trailer homes…The impoverished Ramapoughs have long been ridiculed for their unsophisticated ways, including feasting on squirrel. They get around their mostly unpaved roads on ATVs. Tribe members are known to largely marry among themselves."
The review also states that the film is based on the tribe, and depicts members as "violent."
Laforet said Wednesday that they are "deeply concerned" about the content of the review.
"The article wrongly characterizes the residents of Stag Hill," Laforet said in their statement.
"This type of stereotype only serves to foster hostility, intimidation, and bullying."
Schoen added that diversity is embraced throughout the Mahwah community, and the spread of negative stereotypes affects the entire township.
"We are embracing the Ramapough Indian nation together…These are our children, our parents, and our employees. A movie like this goes against everything we believe in, in our township and in our schools. When a movie deals in negative stereotypes…we are all diminished."
Perry spoke out against the article and the film, which they said "appears to be a racist paradigm that has been forced upon my people for so many years."
The three said Wednesday that they have not yet seen the film, which opens Friday. They said they were not contacted during its production, and have not been able to get in touch with either the producers or the film, or with the NY Post.
"If indeed what the Post has reported is a true [interpretation of the movie]…why?" Perry asked. "Why the hatred? Why the reliving of what is obviously racism and bigotry throughout history toward the [Ramapough] people."
Official publications from the movie's distributors do not echo the language used in the movie review.
Relativity Media, the company producing the film, officially describes the plot of the film as centering around Casey Affleck's character getting, "lured into one of the most ruthless crime rings in the Northeast," and their brother's (played by Christian Bale) quest to retrieve him.
A review in the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette refers to the action of the film taking place in New Jersey's Ramapo Mountains, but does not reference the Ramapough Lenape nation.
However, Woody Harrelson's character in the film, who runs an underground fighting ring in the mountains, does reportedly have the last name "DeGroat," a popular surname in the Ramapough community.
"It is [unforgivable] to use anyone's name, or anyone's child...and portray them in that negative light," Perry said.
Relativity did not respond to a request for comment about the film, and spokespeople for the Post did not respond to a request for comment about the review.
In Mahwah, officials are asking residents to reject the characterization made in the review, and embrace an attitude of unity.
"This is a time that citizens should welcome and embrace the culture of the Ramapough Mountain Lenape Indians so they have a better understanding of what they have contributed to our culture," Laforet said.
Download the movie
Apparently a weird Netflix quirk allows you to easily edit the URL for Marvel's Jessica Jones series so that you can reveal the episode titles for the entire season! Warning, these titles may give away spoilers for when the other Defenders will show up in Jessica Jones' solo series.
Here's a weird Netflix quirk! Out of curiosity, a reddit user UnbreakablJimmySmits increased the number in the URL for the Jessica Jones series ( http://www.netflix.com/title/80002311) by one digit ( http://www.netflix.com/title/80002312). This code, and the 12 following it, seem to give episode titles for the entire season of Jessica Jones! Some have running times already listed too, which means they must literally already be on the Netflix database, waiting for release.THERE MAY BE SPOILERS IN EPISODE TITLES*** SPOILERS ***Assuming the titles are on there in order, here's what they are:1x01 - AKA Ladies Night (52m)1x02 - AKA Crush Syndrome (52m)1x03 - AKA It's Called Whiskey (54m)1x04 - AKA 99 Friends1x05 - AKA The Sandwich Saved Me (50m)1x06 - AKA You're a Winner (54m)1x07 - AKA Top Shelf Perverts1x08 - AKA WWJD?1x09 - AKA Sin Bin1x10 - AKA The Kumbaya Circle Jerk1x11 - AKA I've Got the Blues1x12 - AKA Jewel and the Power Man1x13 - AKA Smile
Market rebounds on Steve Bannon exit, but still falls for week 6:00 PM ET Fri, 18 Aug 2017 | 01:03
U.S. equities closed off their session lows on Friday after Steve Bannon, one of President Donald Trump's top advisors, left the administration.
The S&P 500 closed 0.18 percent lower at 2,425.55 , after falling as much as 0.5 percent. NBC News confirmed earlier reports that Bannon had left Trump's team. A report from Axios hinting at Bannon's departure sparked a turn higher in stocks earlier in the session, with the S&P rising as much as 0.4 percent.
Traders at the New York Stock Exchange literally cheered the news that Bannon was out of the administration.
The Dow Jones industrial average closed 76.22 points lower at 21,674.51; it jumped about 130 points off its earlier lows on Bannon's exit. The Nasdaq composite slipped 0.09 percent to close at 6,216.53.
Tension between Bannon and other top advisors to Trump, including Chief Economic Advisor Gary Cohn and National Security Advisor H.R. McMaster, had been festering inside the White House. On Wednesday, Reuters reported that discord between Bannon and McMaster is destabilizing Trump's team.
The report is "helping because if Bannon is gone it makes it less likely Cohn leaves because they've been battling behind scenes since the inauguration," said Peter Boockvar, chief market analyst at Lindsey Group.
Bannon was the advisor pushing the hardest for a more nationalistic approach to U.S. economic policy. However, their influence has reportedly waned in the Trump administration.
In an interview with left-leaning publication The American Prospect, Bannon said the U.S. is already in an "economic war" with China. "It's in all their literature. They're not shy about saying what they're doing. One of us is going to be a hegemon in 25 or 30 years and it's gonna be them if we go down this path."
If Bannon leaves "I think that's positive for the market because it means that Gary Cohn is staying and if Cohn and McMaster are the ones left advising the president, that's ultimately market friendly," said Dave Lutz, head of ETF trading at JonesTrading.
Equities began the session trading lower on growing concerns that President Donald Trump would not be able to move forward with their pro-growth economic agenda.
The Dow and the S&P fell 0.8 percent and 0.7 percent for the week, respectively, marking their first two-week losing streak since May. The Nasdaq, meanwhile, posted a four-week losing streak, its longest of the year. "Longer-term trends at this point remain intact, so this remains a short-term pullback only. And it's tough to make too much of this," said Mark Newton, managing member at Newton Advisors, in a note. For now, this looks like a consolidation since May, "but patterns look increasingly poor and toplike heading into the fall" in many U.S. sector ETFs.
Creators have moved from Batman to delving into 'the darkest stuff we could get.'
Grant Morrison and Chris Burnham have ben researching some of the most unsettling stuff ever for their new horror comic "Nameless." (Photo11: Chris Burnham/Image Comics) Story Highlights Grant Morrison and Chris Burnam are working together on 'Nameless'
The creators completed a run on 'Batman Incorporated' last year
'Nameless' explores horror that Western culture is obsessed with
Grant Morrison has been giving themselves the heebie-jeebies lately, and soon he's passing those scares off to the rest of us.
The Scottish comic-book writer is reteaming with Batman Incorporated artist Chris Burnham for the six-issue horror miniseries Nameless, launching later this year from Image Comics. The comic was announced Thursday at the Image Expo convention in San Francisco.
"We're taking all the dark stuff that Western culture's kind of obsessed with — the zombies and everything — beyond the limit and doing hopefully for now what H.P. Lovecraft did for the wartime generation," Morrison says.
The book centers on a man named the Nameless, a protagonist who's a hero only in the post-modern 21st-century sense of the word, according to Morrison. He's a screw-up but he's also super-smart and, much like Benedict Cumberbatch's modern take on the literary detective in Sherlock, "super high functioning in how they make connections between things," says the writer.
"I got that idea from Batman, them being this high-level thinker and everything for them is important and meaningful."
The writer's staying mum on the details of the series, but they tease that Nameless' thoughts will be revealed through first-person narration captions that Morrison hasn't used a lot in their work thus far.
"I wanted to take it beyond that Frank Miller hard-boiled thing into a quite weird stream-of-consciousness, Lovecraftian kind of thing," Morrison says. And while Nameless could return for more stories, "really this one is about the big test of the human experience against a nightmare."
When it comes to horror, Burnham feels that the creators as well as the audience all have similar reference points, so with Nameless they want to dig a little deeper and weirder instead of mashing up two things folks already like.
"Everyone's read the exact same books, seen the same movies and TV shows, so everything's starting to feel a little comfortably same to me," the artist says. "I don't want the readers of a horror book to feel comfortable at all."
What Burnham does feel at home with — and in a good way — is working with Morrison. They wanted to continue to work together after their run on Batman Incorporated ended last year, but also experiment with storytelling techniques in the way panels work on the page.
So far, Burnham has been playing with the contrast between very straightforward layouts and "the weirder, chopped-up, trippy time-warp stuff," they say.
Burnham teases that the visuals "will run the gamut from 'quietly eerie' all the way up through 'cut out my brain so I don't have to remember seeing this!' "
They also yearned to have a much darker story than they ever could do Batman, so they're tackling a variety of fears and terrors — maybe even some that folks are experiencing and not even know it.
One of the things that scares Morrison the most that he's exploring is the basic nature of being human.
Mankind projects a lot of things onto zombies and their horror-movie ilk, but "this notion of disease or decay as being outside us, it's what we live," Morrison explains. "I've been studying nihilistic philosophy, which is basically the most depressing stuff on Earth. These guys are saying we basically live in a condition of extinction. No matter how well humans do, no matter how we strive, no matter how much effort we put into our families, that one day the fan will burn out and the universe itself will have a heat death and every atom will shut down and freeze to an absolute stillness.
"It's the bleakest world view, so Chris and I want to take this right on board and do a comic about it. It's that kind of existential horror. The stuff that when you wake up at 4 a.m. in the morning and think, 'Wow, I'm getting older…' — it's like that but taken to the max."
He's also been doing a lot of "strange" research, too, reading up on weird occult practices, Satanism and "the darkest stuff we could get," Morrison says.
Thankfully, they have an escape if they get too creeped out — the writer's currently penning an all-ages sci-fi animated film as well.
"I can go right over there and back to the screenplay, and suddenly I'm in the world of dancing prairie dogs," Morrison says with a laugh.
"A really good piece of art captures a mood, and (Nameless is) capturing the darkest possible mood but also making it entertaining and exciting."
He's also made sure to spread the weirdness before it reaches their fan base.
"Grant is definitely leading me down a crazy labyrinth of rabbit holes. There is some really unsettling stuff out there. And I'm always looking for the most horrific stuff the internet has to offer," Burnham says. "I think we've successfully deranged our minds enough that we'll be able to freak you out."
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1hA6osx
The IRS has a tough job to do. One watchdog that helps it improve is the National Taxpayer Advocate (NTA), Nina Olson. Each year they release a report to Congress identifying problems in administering our tax system that need fixing. Them 2012 report criticizes the Offshore Voluntary Disclosure Program (OVDP), the partial amnesty deal that is an outgrowth of the IRS crackdown on offshore tax evasion.
Put simply, the IRS program is too much stick and not enough carrot, the report claims. See IRS Offers Carrot And Stick For Offshore Disclosures. The IRS isn't doing enough to encourage voluntary compliance and is unfairly penalizing taxpayers who have a "reasonable cause" defense, it states. The current program involves taxes, penalties and interest, including a 27.5% penalty on the highest aggregate account balance. See New IRS Offshore Amnesty Announced: Third Time's A Charm.
Although the IRS's 2009 and 2011 programs were similar, the 2012 program allows opting out. FAQ 51.1 (of the 2012 OVDP) allows taxpayers with reasonable cause for filing flubs to enter the OVDP but then opt out to hopefully pay smaller penalties. The NTA's criticisms of the IRS includes:
Opting Out. Opting out takes time. Taxpayers who opt out are subject to extended delays compared to other voluntary disclosure participants, the report states. The average time to resolve an OVDP submissions within the program was 300 days, compared to 550 days for opting out. That can mean higher professional fees even if the case involves small amounts—the average was only $15,000.
Education? The report says the IRS isn't doing enough to educate U.S. citizens abroad about FBAR filing obligations. Seminars would help. Sending a “where's your FBAR?” letter to anyone who filed in a prior year would help too. An FBAR Compliance Initiative Program to educate people would help. Even “soft notices” to encourage self-corrections would help. After all, the report claims, not every notice has to be a penalty.
Canadian RRSPs. People with Canadian retirement accounts (registered retirement savings plans or RRSPs) face special burdens. Under Revenue Procedure 2002-23, a taxpayer must elect to exclude undistributed income from an RRSP by attaching it to a timely-filed U.S. income tax return. But much fail to do it and often that means having to go to the time and expense of obtaining an IRS private letter ruling.
Under the 2012 OVDP, FAQ 54, an extension of time is available. The NTA suggested that the IRS clarify how beneficiaries of Canadian retirement plans can file late or amended returns electing to exclude undistributed income from those plans. Formal guidance to clarify the rules and cut people some slack would help.
It must be hard for the IRS to take some of the criticism it receives, and some criticisms of the IRS are simply unjustified. Usually, though, the National Taxpayer Advocate is perceptive, fair and practical about tax administration. I'll bet both the IRS and Congress are listening.
Robert W. Wood practices law with Wood LLP, in San Francisco. The author of more than 30 books, including Taxation of Damage Awards & Settlement Payments (4th Ed. 2009 with 2012 Supplement, Tax Institute), they can be reached at Wood@WoodLLP.com. This discussion is not intended as legal advice, and cannot be relied upon for any purpose without the services of a qualified professional.
After NGOs try to hurt India's image, Govt sends out strong rebuttal
India
oi-Vicky
By Vicky
After the Intelligence Bureau red flagged a slavery report prepared by an Australia based NGO, India has shot off a strong note to the International Labour Organisation.
Recently the International Labour Organisation, Walk Free Foundation and a United Nations Agency released the "Global Estimates of Modern Slavery: Forced Labour and Forced Marriage."
Read | Pvt foundations abroad are hurting India, counter narrative urgently, IB to PMO
The IB in its note had told the Prime Minister's Office that the report would harm India's image and hence there is an urgent need to counter it and also discredit the information. The IB said that there are several corporations abroad which specifically fund NGOs to focus on alleged slavery in South India's textile industry. This amounts to 40 per cent of India's textile exports and such reports could damage the country's reputation.
The report specifically focused on the global documentation on slavery. The IB said that the document shows India as the home to the highest number of slaves in the country. A strong campaign to change the narrative and more importantly discredit the information is needed, the IB said.
In a strongly worded rebuttal to the report, the Labour Ministry said that the there is no specific finding, barring a mention that 17,000 people were interviewed for the survey. Further the ministry also said that neither the central government was consulted, nor was its authenticity established.
We would like to know the basis on which the data has been verified for credibility when apparently it has been neither verified with any official data source including that of ILO nor any national governments have been consulted regarding the survey methodology.
The next step by the government would be to counter this report on the international level. Further the government also plans on conducting its own survey.
OneIndia News
Compared our own battles in the US with SOPA and PIPA, other parts of the world have things way worse when it comes to freedom of information, especially when it comes to the Internet.
For example, the Russian government is currently exploring amendments to the “Act for information” that could cause the Russian version of Wikipedia to be blocked for users in that country.
Here's what Wikipedia had to say about this today (translated into English):
Lobbyists and activists supporting the amendments, argue that they are directed exclusively against the content such as child pornography “and things like that,” but to follow the provisions and wording to be discussed, will result in the creation of a Russian analogue of the “Great Chinese Firewall.” The practice of law, which exists in Russia, says a high probability of worst-case scenario, in which access to Wikipedia was soon to be closed across the country.
When you try to visit Wikipedia in Russian, here's what you'll see:
Wikipedia is asking for everyone's help by sharing this link and spreading the word about what's going on. The amendments are being read today and if they're accepted then a date will be chosen that could in essence, wipe Wikipedia off of the Internet in Russia.
h/t cjjmccray
Read next: Sub-100m revenue companies are having more successful IPOs than their big-ledger counterparts
Horse Master: The Game of Horse Mastery challenges players to grow, train, and nurture their own horse from birth in the hopes of earning the most coveted tenured position in the world: Horse Master.
Play the game Internet comments are calling, "11/10, would never play again."
Notable Reviews
"...it is a game of marvellous, terrifying writing..." - Alec Meer, RockPaperShotgun.com
"It's vivid, engrossing and often wonderfully-sickening writing" - Leigh Alexander, Offworld.com
"Although your horse and its various categories are absurd and disquieting, there's an organic heart to the game. A beating, squishy, misshapen and partially exposed heart." - Daniel Nye Griffiths, Forbes.com
"I came away utterly bewildered but energized by the energy of the game. I was sad, because the game was sad and grotesque, but it was beautiful too." - Daniel Joseph, Motherboard
Featured in Videogames for Humans, ed. merritt kopas
Voted #23 on the Top 50 Interactive Fiction Games of All Time (2015 Edition)
It's not surprising that the election of Donald Trump would cause an upheaval in civil society. The differences between the two visions of America that were presented in this campaign couldn't be more stark, and it's inevitable that they would play out beyond the political system.
Much of the unrest on the left has taken the form of protest marches and school walkouts, while the right is more inclined to drunken hooliganism, flying the Confederate flag and the like. This is America. We have free speech and a right to assemble, and regardless of how we feel about the "message" being sent by people on the other side, they have a right to say it.
But there also have been many reports of anonymous defacing of property with white power slogans and other racist, xenophobic and anti-Semitic phrases. And there are now hundreds of stories of individual acts of bullying and even hate crimes coming from people who call themselves Trump supporters, aimed at fellow Americans they see as their enemies.
Advertisement:
We could see this in the Trump rallies, of course. They bristled with resentment and barely repressed violence. And no one can possibly argue that the candidate didn't use those dark emotions to motivate their followers. In a "60 Minutes" interview with Lesley Stahl, Trump admitted that they did that consciously. When Stahl pointed out that people are scared, Trump had to be coaxed to say this:
Don't be afraid. We are going to bring our country back. But certainly, don't be afraid.
Has any president-elect ever been asked to reassure the American people that they needn't be afraid of them and their followers? It's astonishing. Trump's lack of understanding about why they are afraid is even more so. They seem to think people are soothed by theirs saying "don't be afraid" — followed by "we're going bring our country back," as if that were a threat.
And that's exactly what scares them. It's clear they want to go back to a time when women, people of color, immigrants and those with minority religions were second-class citizens. They are terrified of what Trump has promised to do to deliver that lost world back to a swath of America that seems to hate them.
Trump outfoxed the system and won the whole thing without even getting a majority. They head an undivided government and has the chance to leave a mark on the country for generations with at least one appointment to the Supreme Court. They have the power to enact their entire agenda with very little institutional resistance. And yet their followers are still filled with outrage and frustration, lashing out at the reeling and defeated left.
An incident in Brooklyn this past weekend illustrates the phenomenon. Two women in a restaurant were bemoaning the election of Donald Trump when a man and their wife sat down next to them and became incensed about what the two women were saying. The manager moved the couple to a different table and gave a meal without charge to calm the two down. But after leaving the restaurant the man stormed back in and punched one of the women in the face. They told the manager they wanted to kill them (Fortunately, the woman was not seriously injured.)
This is just one random incident but it raises the question: Who gets that mad after winning? It's not as if the two women were rubbing the man's nose in defeat. Why would something so ordinary as complaining about the election cause a man to hit a stranger (a woman) in the face?
Advertisement:
In fact, America has been divided along two moving tribal lines for a very long time, and this odd reaction has happened before when this political faction has come to power, although it doesn't normally get this violent or ugly. The political right often seems to take little joy in its victories, instead remaining focused on its defeated enemies. Compromise is unacceptable: Right-wingers seem to demand total capitulation and when their adversaries continue to resist, they are enraged.
The best description of this phenomenon comes from Abraham Lincoln in their famous address at New York's Cooper Union in 1860. Trying to explain how impossible it was to deal with the Southern slave states using normal democratic means, they asked, "What will it take to satisfy them?"
This, and this only: cease to call slavery wrong, and join them in calling it right. And this must be done thoroughly — done in acts as well as in words. Silence will not be tolerated — we must place ourselves avowedly with them. Senator Douglas' new sedition law must be enacted and enforced, suppressing all declarations that slavery is wrong, whether made in politics, in presses, in pulpits, or in private. We must arrest and return their fugitive slaves with greedy pleasure. We must pull down our Free State constitutions. The whole atmosphere must be disinfected from all taint of opposition to slavery, before they will cease to believe that all their troubles proceed from us.
This is why the right-wingers are so angry. It's not enough for them to win. Those who opposed Trump must stop opposing him. We must agree that Muslims should be banned from entering the country, agree we should torture and kill suspected terrorists and their families, agree immigrants should be rounded up and deported, agree there should be guns in schools, agree women should be punished for having abortions and agree to all the rest of it. Until we stop resisting completely and declare that we are "avowedly with them," they will continue to believe that "all their troubles proceed from us."
That is not going to happen. Trump's forces may have won the election but they have not won the hearts and minds of the American people who didn't vote for him. And they won't. This administration will be met with fierce resistance from millions of people, from the moment Trump takes office until the day they leaf. There will be no appeasing him, and no easing of their followers' guilt for what many of them know in their hearts to be ugly and cruel impulses in consenting to this white nationalist program. It's all on them.
Lincoln had this to say to their fellow Unionists about how to proceed in a situation such as this:
SEATTLE (Reuters) - The Dalai Lama, Tibet's exiled spiritual leader, said on Friday they did not support a boycott of the Beijing Olympic Games.
The Dalai Lama, exiled spiritual leader of Tibet, takes part in a panel discussion on the Scientific basis for compassion at the University of Washington's Hec Edmundson Pavilion on the first day of the 5-day Seeds of Compassion gathering in Seattle, Washington, April 11, 2008. REUTERS/Marcus R. Donner
Asked on NBC “Nightly News” whether they wanted the world to boycott the Olympics this summer, the Dalai Lama replied, “No.”
Asked if they wanted the United States and other world leaders to boycott the opening ceremony in support of Tibet, they replied, “That's up to them.”
“It is very important to make clear, not only just the Tibet case. But in China proper, the report of human right is poor. And their freedom, also very poor,” the Dalai Lama said.
Asked what their message to China was, they said: “My main point is: We are not against you. And I'm not seeking separation.'”
China blames the Dalai Lama for orchestrating monk-led protests in Tibet last month that later turned violent as part of a campaign for independence.
The Dalai Lama, who fled to India in 1959 after an abortive uprising against Chinese rule, denies involvement.
The European Parliament has urged European Union leaders to boycott the opening ceremony at the Beijing Olympic Games unless China starts talks with the Dalai Lama over the situation in Tibet.
In Washington, the U.S. House of Representatives has passed a resolution urging China to open dialogue with the Dalai Lama, end a crackdown on nonviolent Tibetan protesters and halt repression in the region.
Demonstrations against China's suppression of Tibetan protests have followed the progress of the Olympic flame in Europe, the United States and Latin America, prompting a nationalist backlash from China's authorities and media.
The Dalai Lama is in Seattle for a five-day Seeds of Compassion conference.
In yet another demographic-alienating screw-up, an employee at a
in the store's play area and asked them to cover up. The woman said didn't want to throw a towel over their child because the hungry tot would just push it away -- and by law they didn't have to cover up, anyway, because breastfeeding is perfectly legal in Tennessee. With or without cover.
Continue Reading
The Chick-fil-A employee apologized. Smart move, because Chick-fil-A is obsessed with reminding us how family-friendly it is. And that means it should be bested friends with breast-feeding mothers. Here are five reasons why:
See also: - Five Chick-Fil-A protest moves guaranteed to ruffle feathers - Five good things about the Chick-Fil-A controversy - Chick-Fil-A's new desserts are sweet -- but the chain's politics don't fly
5. Babies need food!
There is a stage between birth and Happy Meals in which an infant receives nourishment through either breast milk or formula. It's generally accepted among pediatricians and parents alike that except for certain circumstances, breast milk is better for babies. Breast milk is produced in and is expressed through...you guessed it!... breasts! The easiest and most convenient solution to the infant-feeding dilemma is to put a baby's mouth on a nipple, and let nature do the rest. Yes, a mother could use a breast pump and place the milk in a bottle for on-the-go feedings. They could also use formula for dining out.
But they get to make those choices for themselves and their child, and the possible mild discomfort of peeping bystanders -- especially in family restaurants -- shouldn't be a factor in their decision-making process.
4. Boobies aren't just for oogling...no really, they aren't
Oogling boobies is a time-honored pastime in our culture, but it never hurts to remind both men and women that fun-bags are also milk-bags, and what is visually appealing in non-food-producing titties does not automatically become disgusting and abhorrent in breasts that are fulfilling biological functions.
If it's totally cool to dine at restaurants like Hooter's, Twin Peaks or Tilted Kilt where you get to see everything but nipple, then a little snippet of nipple should be okay, especially when the nipple is doing a job way more important than bringing you bad hot wings and pretending to like you.
3. It's not indecent exposure -- unless you are an idiot
What is decent and appropriate with bare body parts is subjective, but there is a world of difference between a drunk girl flashing their mo-mos in a restaurant and a woman freeing up a milk nozzle for a hungry kid. Drunk girl is trying to get attention -- an effective method, to be sure -- and nursing mom is trying to discreetly make sure their infant gets dinner. Mom isn't trying to be indecent, and it's unlikely that they are going out of their way to expose their milkers to everyone within a ten-foot radius.
If you are someone who is offended by the sight of a breast, you could just utilize the age-old solution called "look away," eat your dinner -- and and everyone wins.
2. Babies should not have to dine in the can
Most restaurants do not have lounges with porta-feedies set up where new mothers can do their business. So they usually have two choices: breastfeed at the table, or use the bathroom. Restaurant bathrooms are not always the ideal model of order and cleanliness, while some have chairs most do not, and forcing a woman to feed their baby while sitting on a toilet is not only gross but pretty dehumanizing as well.
Do you want to have your meal on the commode? Then why should little bitty people have to?
1. Because following Chick-Fil-A's example is a bad idea for other restaurants The mother breastfeeding at Chick-Fil-A was actually doing it in the play area of the restaurant, the best possible place to be unobtrusive and be surrounded by other customers with kids. The employee asking them to cover up was in the wrong, the manager did apologize, and the resultant nurse-in was peaceful and without incident. But it shouldn't have happened in the first place, and with all the controversy Chick's has been collecting over the last few years, and all the insanity about policing women's bodies that has been saturating the media lately, it seems like a winning PR strategy to observe whatever Chick-Fil-A is doing -- and do the exact opposite of that.
Chick-Fil-A does two things well: produce fried chicken sandwiches and piss people off. And only the first one is going to make it money in the restaurant business.
By Diego Naranjo
The EU is reforming its copyright rules. We want to introduce you to the main failures of the current copyright system, with suggestions on how to fix them. You can find all the Copyfails here.
This article is an additional one – a “bonus track” – to the series presenting Copyfails.
How has it failed?
The “private copying levy” is a surcharge on the price of media capable of making copies. For example, when buying a blank DVD, the price includes a private copying levy (in most EU Member States).
Rights holders, for example record companies or publishers, claim that people making copies of, for example, CDs or DVDs for private use causes them a financial loss. Even if, in some EU Member States, citizens have the freedom to make private copies, levies were created to compensate for these alleged losses. The harm to rights holders has not been clearly proven – no independent credible study on this has been published. Maybe sometimes there really is a cost, but maybe there is a benefit: who would buy a music CD these days if they couldn't copy it onto an MP3 player or a smarthphone?
Copyright rules, including private copying levies, are implemented quite differently across the EU. This leads to a risk that you end up paying several times for the same thing. You will pay a levy when buying a blank CD to which you copy the music as a backup, a levy on the external hard drive of the computer that you use to make the copy, and as a levy on the device (a tablet or mP3 for example) that you use to listen to the music.
The fact that the rules are not the same everywhere in Europe, gives unfair advantages to some, and hampers fair competition. In the digital “single market”, 22 of the 28 EU Member States impose a levy. Six do not.
The internet has brought with it the possibility to exchange all sorts of files not only copyrighted ones. New compensation models and new business models need to be encouraged, rather than imposing a random payment which does not fit the purpose for which it was invented.
Why is this important?
It has been argued that the levy will support creation. However, under the current situation, it seems to be rather an obstacle. The private copying levies distort the market; it compensates economic loss that has not been clearly demonstrated and appears to have a negative impact on new business models.
Furthermore, consumers might buy products with copyright levies, and even if they never use them for private copies of copyrighted works, they still have to pay.
The cost of levies varies wildly around Europe, which makes the same product more costly for consumers in one country, and cheaper in another. For example, in 2010, there was a levy of 36 euro on a mobile phone with 32MB of memory in Germany. The levy on the same phone was forty times more expensive than the one in Italy, and there was no levy at all in Ireland.
Finally, a study published by Digital Europe shows that it costs 51,2 cents to collect each Euro for EU copyright levies. This is absurd. We need to find new ways to remunerate authors!
Unfortunately this chaos is likely to continue. A meaningful reform is not planned in the upcoming legislation on the creation of a “digital single market”.
How to fix it?
Read more:
EDRi's response to the European Commission's public consultation on the review of the EU copyright rules
http://edri.org/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/EDRi-answer-copyright-consultation-2014_web.pdf
EDRi's booklet on copyright
http://edri.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/paper07_web_20130202.pdf
Antonio Vitorino: Recommendations resulting from the mediation on private copying and reprography levies (31.01.2013)
http://ec.europa.eu/internal_market/copyright/docs/levy_reform/130131_levies-vitorino-recommendations_en.pdf
What is a Copyright Levy?
http://www.digitaleurope.org/OurWork/DigitalConsumerPolicyGroup/CopyrightGroup/WhatisaCopyrightLevy.aspx
Compensation for private copying: an economic analysis of alternative models, Enter-IE.
http://www.digitaleurope.org/DesktopModules/Bring2mind/DMX/Download.aspx?Command=Core_Download&EntryId=852&PortalId=0&TabId=353
Today, you'll hear from Zach Parise, widely considered among the best players in the NHL. Parise, who agreed to a 13-year, $98 million contract on July 4, 2012, has been a centerpiece of the Wild's four consecutive trips to the postseason; Minnesota is one of just seven teams to accomplish that feat since they signed with the club. A veteran of 761 NHL games, their next goal will mark the 300th of their career:
Wild.com has caught up with several Wild players, all with varying approaches to camp. Over the course of the preseason, you'll read about these views in a series entitled "Camp Through Their Eyes," a glimpse into the mind of a professional tryout, a rookie, a veteran, a superstar and a goaltender.
"I still view training camp like I always have. I like playing in the exhibition games, because that's the way you get yourself in shape and you get yourself adjusted to the game speed. But I always approach it the same, whether it was my second camp or now, it's fun a fun time of the year when people are back and excited and everyone is hungry to start the year. It's a fun atmosphere to be in.
"I like to use training camp to get into shape and get myself as ready as I can to start the season. You work out for a long time and you skate for a long time in the summer, so whether it's resting the right amount because camps are harder, practices are hard, you kind of feel out what your body needs for that first game that you're going to play. Every guy is different, but you have to find what works.
"This summer was different because I never really stopped skating because it was a part of my rehab. Usually, after the season ends, I'll take a month and a half or almost two months off of the ice. This summer, I didn't do that. It took a little while to get feeling normal in the weight room and on the ice with the therapy and getting my body back into balance. It was a unique year, training wise, and on top of that, a little earlier start with the World Cup. It was a little different summer, a different preparation than it has been in years past.
"Bruce [Boudreau] has been great. It's a great atmosphere. There's been a lot of teaching from them and Scott Stevens and John Anderson. There's a lot of teaching on the ice, a lot of good video sessions. We're learning and I think with our team, there's so much potential and room for improvement, I think this coaching staff … I know from a playing standpoint, we're all excited to play for them.
"But as a player, too, you know how smart these coaches are and you believe so much in what they're telling you and what they want you to do. That makes practices fun, coming to the rink fun. I'm looking forward to playing for them. I haven't been here as long as some other guys, but in the time I've been here, that's the sense that I've gotten.
"You try and learn systems right away because you're hopping right into a game after a few practices then another game. There are things that they have already covered where you catch yourself thinking, 'What are we doing, because that's different than what we've done in the past.' Even in the preseason games, you kind of catch yourself, 'Oh, I need to go here now,' where it was different before. But as you play more and practice more, that stuff becomes second nature. But it's been different, it's been a little adjustment."
They came to Washington railing against the party establishment. Once in the Senate, they became one of that body's foremost critics of war and of increased military spending. They drew national attention for their defense of civil liberties. Their use of the real, live, stand-up-and-shout-them-down filibuster took an axe to moribund, genteel traditions of the upper chamber of Congress. They called for the restoration of the voting rights of felons, a little-remarked-upon issue except to civil rights activists, but one that could tip the balance of electoral politics in key states. They even are pushing for legalized hemp.
Is this liberal hero Bernie Sanders, the socialist from Vermont? Of course not. This lefty hero is Rand Paul, the Republican from Kentucky, who during a period of liberal retreat has somehow emerged as one of the nation's most articulate defenders of progressive values. Look no further than a Wednesday earlier this month, when Paul testified before the Senate Judiciary Committee against mandatory minimums for non-violent drug offenders. Citing statistics that showed that young minority males were far more likely to face longer prison sentences than other groups, they sounded like a class warrior: “Why are the arrest rates so lopsided? Because it is easier to go into urban areas and make arrests than suburban areas.”
And it has won Paul some plaudits in unlikely corners, with stalwart liberals like Medea Benjamin writing that Paul should be commended for their anti-war stance. The liberal website Truthdig.org has regularly praised Paul's stances, and the site's founder, New Left journalist Robert Scheer, has regularly sung the Kentucky Senator's praises on a nationally syndicated radio show they appear on.
“I have a lot of problems with Rand Paul,” said David Sirota, the liberal author and blogger, citing their positions on the economy and on a woman's right to choose. “But I think that on issues concerning national security and the domestic security state they are as right as anybody in the Congress—and there aren't a lot of people in Congress who are good on those issues.”
Paul appears to be an all-but-announced candidate for president, but as the events of the last few weeks have shown, should they run, they would represent a new kind of figure on the American political landscape. When Democrats have found reason to praise Republicans in the context of a presidential race, it is usually because they break by a matter of degree with GOP orthodoxy—think Mike Huckabee's calls for a more humane immigration system in 2008--or because a candidate has been willing to criticize the Republican establishment—think Chris Christie this time around.
Paul represents a whole other phenomenon. Coming from the furthest right reaches of the conservative movement on regulatory and economic issues, they are to the left of even most Democrats in Congress on issues of national security and surveillance. And if you are a liberal yearning for a Democrat to speak out against the War on Drugs or the voting rights of felons, Paul is, at the moment at least, the only candidate you've got.
For liberals, the question of how to square this circle is a vexing one.
“It's boutique progressivism,” said Howard Dean, former governor of Vermont and the liberal standard bearer in the 2004 primaries. “To use the word ‘progressivism' and Rand Paul together, it's an oxymoron. It's like saying ‘Fox' and ‘News.'”
Dean said that some of Paul's stances could point the way forward for the GOP if the Republicans hope to win over voters under 35, but did not think that very many of their own fellow travelers would be much persuaded.
“You can't be a progressive and turn your backs on women, you can't be a progressive and turn your back on immigrants,” they said. “How is it progressive to stand up for the voting rights of felons but stand by while the Supreme Court destroys the Voting Rights Act?
“I have always thought Libertarians have a screw loose, anyway,” Dean added.
The notion of a Paul receiving plaudits from progressives is not new. Rand's father Ron convinced many anti-war Democrats to join their crusade in their presidential campaigns of 2008 and 2012. The son, though, is different, speaking out not just on defense but on issues of criminal justice, and getting glowing mainstream media attention in the process.
For liberals though, the question becomes: why is someone from the other team speaking out on our issues when our guys are silent?
“A lot of Democrats have tended to be less than courageous on a lot of those issues,” said Michael Lux, co-founder of Progressive Strategies, a political consulting firm. “I think it is great that they are somebody who has a clear position on those issues, and I admire them for advocating strongly for it even if it don't agree with them on 98 percent of their economic ideas.”
Dean, who ran for president pledging to represent the Democratic wing of the Democratic party, concurs.
“I welcome their willingness—maybe they can give Democrats the courage to stand up for what's right,” they said. “He can certainly be a good co-sponsor for legislation.”
Sirota said they have been slammed in the progressive blogosphere for suggesting as much.
“I think that as progressives we should say that what Rand Paul represents is encouraging for the entire state of American politics. They at least suggests the possibility of a transpartisan coalition around what I consider to be extremely important issues. You have to take strange bedfellows where they are.”
Last summer the Supreme Court affirmed the right of same-sex couples to marry. The ruling in Obergefell v. Hodges capped off a 15 year period in which a majority of Americans shifted from opposing gay marriage to supporting it. But while the LGBT community is more accepted and represented in America than ever before, it is now facing an unprecedented flurry of attacks from Republican state legislation across the country. This isn't a coincidence.
The state bills come in a variety of forms, but they're united in their goal of finding fresh ways to exclude LGBT Americans. A Kansas law has the relatively narrow goal of allowing student groups at public universities to discriminate based on “sincerely held religious beliefs.” Mississippi's so-called “religious liberty” bill is broader, allowing businesses and religious organizations to deny service to mainly LGBT people based on their personal beliefs (governors in Georgia and Virginia vetoed similar legislation). And while North Carolina's recent “bathroom bill,” is not cloaked in piety, its ambitions are frightening. It requires people use the bathrooms of their biological sex, denies cities the from creating their own LGBT protections, and guts the ability of workers to sue their employers for discrimination.
These bills, all from just this year, are far from alone. “There's really been an uptick over the past three years,” says Andy Garcia, program manager for Equality Federation, a nationwide LGBTQ activist organization. “We've never seen anything like this legislative session in terms of bills hostile to LGBT folks.” Last year their group tracked around 80 bills. This year, they're looking at over 200.
According to those fighting against them, these patchwork bills are cropping up now as a reaction to the Supreme Court's ruling. The bills are purported to be defensive, attempts to carve out space for certain religious people and institutions feeling put upon by gay marriage or trans women using the same bathrooms as their daughters. But in effect, they're attempts to make LGBT Americans victims of their own sudden success.
“The one big dramatic thing that has happened in the last two years is this Supreme Court decision” says Jeff Graham, executive director of advocacy organization Georgia Equality. “That has to be driving part of this.”
It seems to be. In praising Mississippi's recently passed law, Tony Perkins, president of the Family Research Council said in a statement, “No person should be punished by the government with crippling fines, or face disqualification for simply believing what President Obama believed just a few years ago, that marriage is the union of a man and a woman.”
While Obergefell v. Hodges kicked the anti-LGBT push into high gear, bills like the ones in North Carolina and Mississippi began appearing in other states before the Supreme Court ruling. The first legislation Garcia remembers was a 2014 “religious freedom” bill in Arizona that ended up being vetoed by then Governor Jan Brewer in Arizona. “That was the first time that we said oh whoa, this is specifically targeting LGBT folks,” says Garcia. Indiana governor Mike Pence ended up signing a similar piece of legislation last year in March. After severe criticism the Indiana law was altered to clarify it wouldn't allow discrimination.
Both those bills were intended as state versions of a piece of bipartisan legislation from the ‘90s called the Religious Freedom Restoration Act (or RFRA, pronounced riff-ruh). “The idea behind RFRA at the time was that it would protect people of minority faiths,” says Maggie Garrett, legislative director for Americans United for Separation of Church and State. They say “in the ‘90s we were thinking about protecting people. For instance—a prisoner who wants to have a short beard because of their religious beliefs.” In recent legislation, it's not being used to allow someone to express their religion, but rather to use their religion to deny access to others. In Michigan, for example, a RFRA bill passed last year that allows faith-based adoption agencies to refuse service to anyone on religious grounds, allowing discrimination against same-sex couples, as well as against single people or religious minorities.
The other major touchstone for “religious liberty” bills is a measure still sitting in Congress sponsored by Utah senator Mike Lee called the First Amendment Defense Act, or FADA. “FADA is the new RFRA I joke,” says Garrett. FADA bills are narrowly focussed on protecting people from gay marriage in their business or organization. “They create this false dynamic that somehow marriage equality is infringing on other people's religious freedom,” says Garrett. “The supporters of the bills claim that they're about protecting religious liberty but they're really about sanctioning discrimination.”
Among other anti-LGBT legislation in the mix are the “bathroom bills” affecting the trans community, 13 of which are in play according to Reuters. Garcia says the bills are presented as “as student safety or physical privacy acts,” and claim that segregation by sex assigned at birth is an issue of safety, especially for girls and women.
Perkins from the Family Research Council defends North Carolina's bathroom bill, and implicitly, the attacks it received from the business community, by saying that under the bill “local officials can't dictate how companies operate. That doesn't mean businesses can't pass their own bathroom policies—it means the government can't tell them what those are.”
Many bills end up being a mishmash of these approaches. In Georgia, Graham says the recently vetoed bill had elements of FADA and RFRA, including a very broad employment provision which “said that faith-based organizations could fire someone on any grounds.” An anti-LGBT bill that passed through the Missouri state senate following a 39 hour filibuster contains three layers, according to Steph Perkins, an activist with Missouri based activist group PROMO. One section says organizations can retain their tax exempt status if they refuse services to same-sex couples. Another allows private businesses to deny their services to same sex weddings. The third part of the Missouri law is a Pastor Protection Act, a law which would prevent clergy from being compelled to perform same sex weddings. None of the activists I spoke with had any issue with provisions like this, because, as Garcia notes, they “reiterate protections that already exist in the constitution.”
Although many of the latest crop of discriminatory bills contain a religious justification, they're not necessarily being supported by a majority of religious authorities. “The faith voices that have opposed this legislation here in Georgia, have been very strong, very vocal, and very unified,” says Graham. They say they were supported in opposition to Gerogia's bill by protestant denominations, Jewish groups, and even a Baptist group.
The bills don't seem to have a single origin—though legislators in one state can easily see what bills are making news in one state, and adapt them to their own. But they are supported by Christian groups like Alliance Defending Freedom, a litigation-oriented activist organization Think Progress called the “800-Pound Gorilla of the Christian Right,” and Perkins' Family Research Council, a self described public policy Christian think tank founded in 1983, which the Southern Poverty Law Center describes as an “anti-LGBT hate group.” Both groups count major conservative activist James Dobson from Focus on the Family among their founders, and both are part of extensive networks of right wing Christian activists.
“There has been an organized opposition for decades now,” says Garcia of anti-LGBT groups at the local, state and national level. Ironically, the organizational opposition to LGBT rights is a distorted mirror of the organizations fighting for those rights. “It looks like the LGBT movement,” says Garcia.
The madness of this weekend's adidas Yeezy 750 Boost "Black" release is finally starting to die down, but news of the next 750 could start another round of pandemonium.
1ld21ueTrJQ49OeHb6PtksVLqdW406E8
Images have been circulating on Instagram of what could be the next colorway of the 750s and it features a glow in the dark Boost outsole. Featured during Kanye West's Season 2 fashion show back in September, we've previously referred to these as the "Peyote" model based on the shoe's similarity in color to the 950 Boot. No word on an official release date, but Instagram user @hichem.og has declared these to be the next colorway of the Yeezy 750 Boost which should see a release at some point in 2016.
The following images are courtesy of @yeezytalkworldwide on Instagram.
The following images show a Yeezy 750 Boost which is distinctly lighter than the ones posted above. We're not sure if it's because of the lighting or if flash was used, but it does give us a look at another possible colorway as well as what the outsole looks like when it does glow.
They were given a TTC token but possessed little else.
On a sticky day in June, Eric Cromwell changed into the clothes he'd worn when they were arrested two months earlier on an assault charge and walked out of the Toronto West Detention Centre on Disco Rd.
“Down here, to me, it's like home,” says Cromwell, 32. “I know where to go. I know where to get food. I know how to survive.”
He'd been in and out of jail a number of times, and on this occasion, as had been the case before, they had no home to go to. But they knew where to go. They took public transit to the Maxwell Meighen shelter at Queen and Sherbourne Sts.
They did have a bachelor apartment where their rent is automatically deducted from their welfare cheque, but that's where the latest trouble had occurred. There'd been an incident with a neighbour and conditions placed on them forbid them from going anywhere near home.
The report estimates that hundreds of people are in this situation, and cost-benefit studies have shown it is cheaper to provide supports and affordable housing than to deal with the “homeless prisoner” population.
One in 10 prisoners said they had no idea where they would go upon release.
They homeless prisoners instead head to downtown shelters, live on the street or couch-surf with friends, often returning to areas and conditions that landed them in trouble in the first place.
One in five prisoners is homeless when they head to jail, and nearly one in three has no home to return to when they get out, according to the study, which involved interviews with 363 inmates who were serving sentences of less than two years and were days away from being released.
Each year, more people — mostly men — are leaving Toronto jails with nowhere to call home and no plan or supports to keep them from heading back to jail, according to a report by the John Howard Society of Toronto.
The report, titled “Homeless and Jailed: Jailed and Homeless,” makes a number of recommendations, including increased funding for non-profit agencies to provide prisoner discharge planning that would help place inmates directly into rent-subsidized dwellings.
“It's the modern version of the poorhouse,” says Sylvia Novac, a researcher with the University of Toronto's Cities Centre, who co-authored the John Howard report. “These are people who had nothing to begin with. They're worn down, in this middle-aged group, and they have health issues. These people need a lot of help. These people need housing.”
The study is being released to coincide with Prisoners Justice Day, an event to remember prisoners who have died in custody. It was funded by Human Resources and Development Canada.
Unlike prisoners serving longer sentences in federal prisons, inmates in provincial jails have little or no access to programs that would help them reintegrate into society. Even short stays in jail can lead to homelessness, the report found.
Jail stays as brief as five days can lead to job loss, and longer terms cause many to lose homes and result in a suspension of benefits that must be reapplied for upon release.
Their troubles began in their final year of high school, when the black man says they were accused of assaulting a classmate who had made racist comments. They were charged and expelled. Cromwell was two credits short of getting their diploma, which they never completed.
In 2003, they found themselves without a home. A few years later, they served eight months for a robbery that they say was motivated by a need for drugs. Upon release, they went to stay with a relative, but after only a few days was back in jail for breaking a condition of their release and was also facing fresh charges of assault and theft.
After that stint in jail, a housing worker with the City of Toronto's Streets to Homes program helped them find a bachelor apartment, which they now can't return to because of their latest trouble with the law.
On a recent, sun-scorched day, Cromwell and their girlfriend, Sarah, 20, did what they do every day: they killed time by walking around, sitting in parks and availing themselves of free food provided by places such the Good Shepherd Centre on Queen St. E.
“You can go homeless, but you can't go hungry down here,” says Sarah. “There's always food.”
There is also crack cocaine. The two try to avoid the temptation of downtown dealers.
Sarah, too, has been in and out of jail, or the “Hilton in Milton” as they call the Vanier Centre for Women.
They say they have been on the streets since they were 12 and receives no social benefits, because they have neither identification nor a mailing address. They have made money turning tricks and has just finished two years of probation. One of the conditions they had to abide by was to stay out of the front passenger seat of cars.
The two sit in the shade on the grounds of the Metropolitan United Church at the corner of Queen and Church. Other homeless people doze nearby on the grass. Three police officers on bicycles stop and rouse one of them and ask questions. Two of the officers know Sarah by name.
Eric says they feel fortunate because they have a support worker, but they know of many men who cycle in and out of jail and are homeless. They says often they land back in because they have violated conditions of their release, such as being out after curfew. “I say the system is effed-up.”
Says Sarah: “They don't care where you're going to go when you get out; they just care about keeping you in.”
Time to move on. They walk north and east. Eric bends to tie Sarah's shoelace and as they often do, lifts their tiny frame into their arms and carries them for a block, kissing them along the way.
They find more shade under a tree in an empty schoolyard on the edge of Regent Park, where Eric spent some of their childhood. Sarah pulls a fork and microwaveable meal of red curry chicken from their purse and digs in. They face the street and watch life go by.
“Yeah,” says Eric with a smirk, “so this is the life.”
They step away and points to a building off in the distance. It's the apartment building where they lived, where their belongings remain, and to which they cannot return. From their 12th floor balcony, they could see the “three Dons — the Don River, the Don Valley Parkway and the Don Jail.”
“Right now, I'm paying rent for a place I can't stay,” they say.
Their support worker is trying to find them a new home that will bring relief from the streets and shelters.
“For me, it's freedom. I can go and I can lock the door. I have no worries.”
Homeless prisoners: By the numbers
22.9 - per cent of prisoners who had no fixed address before going to jail
32.2 - per cent of prisoners who said they had no home to return to
12.4 - per cent who didn't know where they would go
43.3 - per cent of homeless prisoners with serious health issues
22.3 - per cent who are 50 years old or older
2 months - average stay in jail of respondents
Source: Homeless and Jailed: Jailed and Homeless, John Howard Society of Toronto
Time again for another list of 25 — this time, a long hard look at the many ways to press hot irons to the feet of your writing and make it beg to get better. Flip through them, and then should you find you've got your own to add, well, hot dang, you know what the comments section is for. Time to measure up, penmonkeys.
1. Practice Makes Perfect, Little Princess
The easiest and most forthright way to become a better writer is, duh, to write. Write, write, write. Write regularly. Get on a schedule, whether it's 100, 1000, or 10000 words a day. Writing is a muscle, like your biceps, your heart, or your private parts. Don't use 'em, you lose 'em. And then they fall to the ground and rot like oxidizing apples and are in turn eaten by hungry gophers. Om nom nom.
2. Time To Eye-Fuck Some Books
The world is home to — *does some quick math on fingers, toes, testicles, nipples, and teeth* — 45 smajillion books. Each of them often containing somewhere north of 50,000 words. And new books hit the atmosphere every day. You do not need to read all of these books. But you should act as if that is indeed your task, carving your way through the world's cumulative body of the written word one tome at a time. If you want to write, you're coming in at the ground level of these 45 smajillion books written by 33 fnuhzillion different writers. You are a but a mote in the reader's eye. You want to compete? Read. Learn what other writers are doing. Absorb it with that schnapps-laden sponge you call a brain.
3. Read Widely, Weirdly, Wisely
Here then is the prison that writers build for themselves: it becomes harder and harder to read purely for pleasure. Reading for pleasure often means sticking to a few genres, with a few authors — “Oh, I like fantasy, so I only read fantasy fiction,” or, “I love the Detective Cashew Pepper series by K. J. Staplebottom, and I've read up to #47 in the series.” That privilege has been revoked. You now must read widely, weirdly, wisely. Read everything. Move outside your desired library. Read obscure British literature. Read poetry. Read non-fiction. Read science-fiction even though you hate science-fiction. If you want to do what everybody else is doing, fine, read only in your pre-existing sphere of influences. But this is about improving your work, not treading water like a poodle who fell off a boat.
4. Don't Be A Book Racist
Those who write books are occasionally “book racists.” They pump their fists and espouse Book Power while denigrating other forms of the written word. “TV will rot your brain,” they might say. As if the Snooki book will somehow do laps around an episode of THE WIRE. Books are not the only form of the written word. You may not even want to write books. Branch out. Watch television. Watch film. Read scripts. Visit great blogs. Play games. Don't be a book racist. The storytelling cults can learn much from one another.
5. Whittle Your Mind Into A Straight Razor, ‘Cause It's Time To Cut A Motherfucker
Another instance where improving your writing skill may come at the slow erosion of your pleasure. Read and watch stories with a deeply critical eye. Not to be a dick, but to instead ask: “What would I do differently? Why would I do it that way? Could I do this better? How would I write it to improve upon it?”
6. Unclog Those Ears, Wax Boy
Listen. Seriously, get your pinky into that ear, unplug it of all the wax and hair and sadness that's built up in there and just… listen. We read with our ears as much as with your eyes and so it's critical you know what sounds good as well as what reads well. Sit down at a bar, listen to a conversation. Turn on an audio book or a radio show. Listen to a stand-up comedian deliver jokes and stories. Write it down if you must — see how it lays on the page. It should lay there like Burt Reynolds with a snake draped delicately across their man-parts. In other news, I bet their man-parts have their very own mustache.
7. Go Forth And Do Shit, My Son
Write what you know means what it says but doesn't say what it means. You know more than you know. Fuck fact. Embrace authenticity. Writers do not gain a sense of authenticity by sitting at the computer all day jizzing out word-babies. Have something to write about. To do that, you must go out. Into the world. Take a trip. Get in a bar fight. Hunt a white whale. Metaphorically. Please don't kill whales. They are our benevolent alien masters and one day they're going to get really pissed and call in an airstrike.
8. Learn What Words Mean And Where Punctuation Goes
Storytelling may be an art, but writing is a craft, and that means learning where commas go, how to spell words (like “clitoral” or “sesquicentennial”), and in general how to put together a fucking sentence. Read yourself some Strunk and White. Flip through a dictionary now and again. Scope out some Grammar Girl. Hear a word you don't know? Go look it up. Improve your technical skills. It is the bedrock of your penmonkeying and without it, you're just a punk-ass who won't eat their vegetables.
9. Be Torn Asunder By Editorial Talons
It helps to submit to editors. Real editors. Tough love editors. Because sometimes your writing needs to get on its knees and have wax poured down its back while it receives a right-good nipple-caning from a whip-like willow branch. Your writing improves in the fiery gaze of a hellish editor. The flames will wick away the flopsweat and the amateurish urine stain. The barnacles will char and fall off. Submit to an editor.
10. Be Ripped Apart By Other Writers
Writers are not editors. (File under D for “duh.”) They have different priorities and different perspectives. (And they're probably also raging drunkaholics. Editors are nice and drink wine. Writers will drink all the cough syrup at CVS if they can get their ink-stained fingers on it.) Whereas an editor will often highlight a problem, a writer will come up with a solution. That doesn't mean it's a solution you want, but it's worth it to have that perspective just the same. Submit your work to other writers. Demand — with a gun in the small of their back if you must — that they not be kind. Mercy will not strengthen you.
11. Self-Flagellate
Pull up your pants, that's not what I mean. I mean, you must smack your word count with the horse-whip of scrutiny! You must become your own cruelest editor, your jaw clenched tight with the meat of your own manuscript trapped between your teeth. This doesn't need to be a consistent mode of operation, but once in a while it pays to take a page of your writing and go at it with a blowtorch, a car battery, and a starving honey badger. Cut your words. Make them bleed. Behold the healing power of bloodletting.
12. Throw Down Your Own Crazy-Ass Gauntlet, Then Run Through It Naked
Set challenges for yourself, then tackle them. Write a piece of flash fiction. Write poetry. Attempt to tell a story in a single tweet. Play with the second-person perspective. Write a novel in sixty chapters, each only 1000 words. Treat it like a game where the rules are ever-changing.
13. Highway To The Danger Zone
Related, but different: write into your own discomfort. Escape your plexiglass enclosure and run toward peril, not away from it. Confront your many demons with your work and dissect them on the page. Write in genres with which you're not at all comfortable. Know your limits, then take those limits, wrap them around a hand-grenade, and shove them up the ass of a velociraptor. Because, really, fuck limits. You wanna be a better writer, you'll write outside your own proscribed margins.
14. Read Your Shit Aloud
I will pin your arms beneath my knees and scream into your face until I pass out from a rage aneurysm (an angeurysm?): read your work aloud. It will make you a better writer. I promise.
15. Embrace The Darwinism Of Writing Advice
Here's what you do with writing advice (says the guy delivering a nigh-constant stream of dubious penmonkey wisdom): hunt it down, leash it, read it, absorb it, then let it go free once more. Let it compete with your other preconceived notions about writing. Sometimes the new writing advice will win and become a dominant meme inside your wordsmith's brain. Other times your pre-existing beliefs will hold true — and will grow more tumescent, like a potent word-boner — through just such a test. You must take in writing advice and test it against your own notions. Tell all writing advice: “NOW YOU MUST FIGHT THE BEAR.”
16. Learn New Breakdancing Moves, Fool
You can't be coming to the street with your stale-ass bullshit. The Worm? Really? The Robot? Classics, admittedly, but you're going to get smoked by bigger and better b-boys, yo. So too it goes with writing. You must be willing to try new ideas. Not a plotter? Try plotting. Don't like flashbacks? So write some motherfucking flashbacks. Make them your own. Try new tips, tricks, techniques. You should be able to say, “I wrote my last novel on the back of a dead hooker. With a Sharpie! Don't worry, I outlined it first on the chest of my UPS man. He's still upstairs in the tub! Hey, uh, know anyone who needs a couple kidneys?”
17. I Just Blogged A Little In My Mouth
You often hear, “writers should blog to build their platform,” to which I say, pants, poppycock, and pfeffernusse! (I know. Such a foul tongue!) I say: writers should blog because it keeps them writing, because it exposes their writing to the air of community, because it tests your skill in the open plains. Blogging is further a great place to play with language, to put words out there that aren't headed to market, that aren't forced to dance for their dinner. It allows you to use words like “poppycock” and “pfeffernusse.” True story.
18. Interface With Other Inkslingers
Sometimes you have to sit down over a pitcher of moonshine (or a hookah burning with the ash of an 1st edition Finnegan's Wake) and confab the shit out of that palaver with other writers. Meaning: talk it out. Talk about careers. Techniques. Books you love. Writers you hate. Writer conventions and conferences are good places for this. Just remember: the writers are always at the bar. Like moths to a porchlight.
19. Wade Into The Mire Of Your Own Fetid Compositions
Time travels a little. Go back into your past and dredge up some writing from a year ago. From ten years ago. Read it. Learn from it. Also gauge how well you've grown. This can be instructive because sometimes you don't know in what ways you've changed — further, you might identify darlings that repeatedly come up in your writing, darlings that deserve naught but the edge of your editorial chainsaw.
20. Do Not Defile The Penmonkey Temple
Your writing is the product of a machine, and that machine is your brain and body. The higher that machine functions, the better the writing that blubbers and spews from it. I'm not saying you need to treat your body like it's a white tower of physical perfection — but we're talking basic shit, here. Move around. Eat a good breakfast. Heroin is not a great snacktime treat. Fine, maybe you don't need to treat your body like it's a temple. Just don't treat it like it's the urinal in a Wendy's bathroom.
21. Flex Your Other Artistic Muscles
Take photos. Paint a picture. Play the piano. Macrame a dildo cozy. Muscles work in muscle groups — your writing muscle is part of an overall creative cluster. You gotta work 'em all.
22. Find Your Voice By Not Finding Your Voice
Sometimes improving your writing is about letting go of your writing. Some writers become so obsessed with their voice that they forget they already have it — your voice is who you are, your voice is your natural default way of communicating with the written word. To find your voice and improve your wordsmithy, sometimes it pays to just relinquish ego, relinquish control, and stop fucking worrying so much.
23. Embrace Your Inner Moonbat
All writers are a little bit batshit. We've all got some combo-pack of Charlie Manson, Renfield and Bender from Futurama running around in our skulls. Embrace it. We've all got a head full of ghosts and gods and it behooves us to listen to them, to let them out and play on the page, to use the madness granted to us rather than deny it and walk the safe and sane line.
24. Veer Drunkenly Toward Truth
Be real on the page. Be you. Know your experiences, know your heart and head and whatever squirting fluids pulse between your bile ducts and put it all on the page. Be honest. Be bold. Don't fuck around. Only by bringing yourself to the work will you find that your writing truly improves. Let it all hang out. By saying what needs to be said, you will see your writing get better, unburdened as it is by pretense and artifice.
25. I Am Jack's Desire To Be A More Awesomer Writer
An alcoholic (or any kind of -aholic) only gets better when they want to, and so it is with writing. To be a better writer you must truly want to be. Open yourself. Test your work. Be willing to change.
Otherwise, what's the point?
* * *
Want more of the booze-soaked, profanity-laden shotgun blast of dubious writing advice?
Try: CONFESSIONS OF A FREELANCE PENMONKEY — $4.99 at Amazon (US), Amazon (UK), B&N, PDF
And: 250 THINGS YOU SHOULD KNOW ABOUT WRITING — $0.99 at Amazon (US), Amazon (UK), B&N, PDF
As I posted yesterday in Cheesy Sausage Balls, we had some friends over for tapas last weekend. One of the things I wanted to do was make a signature, keto friendly cocktail. What's more keto than Bourbon and Bacon?
Here is resulting cocktail! I used a method called fat-washing to infuse the bourbon with a bacon flavor and put a piece of bacon into the cup.
Start with a 750 ml bottle of bourbon and pour it into a large measuring cup.
Add 1/3 of a cup of bacon grease to the bourbon and mix. Place the bacon and bourbon in the freezer.
I made the mistake of putting the bourbon and bacon grease bacon into the container. If I were you, I would leave it in the measuring cup so it is easier to separate out. The next step is to discard the fat layer and filter out the fat. I used a coffee filter.
Here is the finished Bacon infused Bourbon!
For garnishment cook some bacon until crisp. I tried to cut a slit into the edge of it to place it on the edge of the glass but it didn't hold. I ended up just placing it in the glass but I think it looked good!
Everyone really enjoyed the cocktails and I think they had a really good keto twist!
Phen375 is one of the most popular weight loss products available today. It was introduced into the market in 2009 and since then, it has won the hearts of thousands of users across the United States. It is one of those few weight loss products that approach the issue of obesity from a different angle to provide meaningful results.
Why Is It Possible To Lose Weight Using Phen375
The manufacturers of Phen375 have been aware of the fact that most people are overweight because of their unhealthy diets and lack of routine exercise. This product has therefore been manufactured to control the user's appetite and increase their metabolic rate, which eventually leads to quicker weight loss. It has unique appetite-suppression capabilities that make the users feel full most of the time, and avoid eating anything they come across.
The increased metabolic rate also makes it possible for the body to burn fat faster and effectively. The product contains natural energizing ingredients that make the user feel energetic most of the time even as they lose weight. Some weight loss products are well-known for successfully helping their consumers lose weight but usually leave them look tired, dull and weak unlike Phen 375.
Analyzing The Safety Standards
The manufacturing process of such a weight loss product is what determines how safe it is for human consumption. For that reason, these weight loss diet pills have been manufactured in laboratories that have been approved by the Food and Drug Administration in the US. This has been done to ensure that the product is of the highest quality and does not contain any harmful ingredients.
Some people lose weight using other products and end up looking shapeless especially when fat is lost at unintended places. Phen375 manufacturers have noted such issues and used this product to provide the ultimate solution. It replaces the lost fat with muscle for the user to maintain a great physique.
The Possible Side Effects And Risks
The majority of Phen375 reviews suggest that this product does not have body-damaging side effects. In fact, weight loss is the only risk and side effect. The users are always advised to follow all instructions provided by the manufacturer if they wish to realize the benefits of Phen375.
However, just like other diet pills on the market, phen375 is not meant for everyone. Pregnant women, for example, are not allowed to use the product unless they consult their doctors for further advice. The same case applies to people with allergic reactions. They need to talk to their doctors and find out whether they are safe to use it or not, after going through some medical tests.
Phen 375 is not popular by mistake; this is the kind of weight loss product that assures its users that they will not have to spend additional money in form of medical bills due to devastating side effects. It is safe, reliable and affordable for everyone who wants to lose weight fast. The best part about it is that, the user does not require any prescription to purchase it.
Rats on cocaine prove theory about the 4th dimension.
A team of scientists looking to better understand the brain's perception of time have performed a series of unorthadox tests - one involving dropping a guy off a high structure, and another involving the intentional drugging of rats, with both weed and cocaine.The bit where the guy is dropped off the tower is fairly compelling evidence. Whereas you could complain that they never gets the number exatcly right, you could just as easily write that off to the fact that he's falling pretty fast from a high height, and It's tricky to concentrate on anything under those conditions.I have more problems with the rat experiment. It all hinges on being able to train these rats to consistently press a button after a set interval. To me, thats a little too subjective to be indisputable evidence.... seems like the scientists were just shooting the shit one day, and decided it would be hilarious to drug some rats.They were right.
Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. By Sue Lloyd-Roberts
BBC Newsnight, North Korea
As we arrived at Pyongyang's airport our mobile phones were confiscated and throughout our stay in the Democratic People's Republic of Korea there was no access to the internet. At the hotel our government minders had booked rooms alongside ours, and on the one occasion that we tried to leave without them we were reported and reprimanded. From exchanges with our minders, we also learned that our rooms were bugged. But then we were not being singled out, the entire country lives in a bubble of unreality, cut off from the outside world and watched by an army of informers. There are only two mobile phone networks. The diplomatic corps and NGO workers use one of them to contact one another. A relatively small elite of North Koreans use the other system, but this still denies them access to foreigners inside the country and to anyone outside. Breakneck speed Newsnight had been invited to North Korea for the celebrations marking the birthday of the Great Leader, Kim Il-sung, the founder of the country. Thanks to the Great Leader we are allowed to watch English and American films, like The Sound of Music
North Korean student But the invite came with a catch - we were only allowed to film model farms, model villages, model schools and model homes. We were instructed to film statues of the Great Leader, who although dead is still president, and portraits of their son the current Dear Leader, Kim Jong-il. We were never allowed to film anything off the official programme or speak to anyone unscripted. When we headed into the countryside we were driven at breakneck speed past towns and villages in various stages of dilapidation and not allowed to stop. In Pyongyang anyone who came near to the camera who did not fit the image the North Koreans want to project - particularly anyone who appeared to be returning from one of the private markets which are an embarrassment to the Communist regime - was shooed away. Meddling minders Initially I was simply irritated by our minders who seemed to have no concept of the expectations of a television film crew.
In pictures: Inside North Korea But my irritation slowly gave way to a realisation that their expectations of us were because they simply did not know any different. North Korean TV only broadcasts hagiographies of the two leaders and pictures celebrating the country's army, model farms, model villages etc. Our minders had probably never seen any other kinds of news item or documentary about their country or the rest of the world. They were not allowed to, and they could not, because no-one has access to the internet in North Korea. Instead, the North Koreans have a special internal intranet which I was shown at Pyongyang University. A postgraduate metallurgy student who spoke good English explained that they could not compare their research with a fellow student in say, London or Los Angeles, because the system would not let him. But, they added brightly, "the Dear leader has kindly put all we need to know on our intranet system". At the university's foreign language department I asked the students how they had managed to learn such good English. "Thanks to the Great Leader," one young man replied, "we are allowed to watch English and American films, like The Sound of Music." 'No secrets' When asked which world leaders - other than the Dear Leader - they admired, they quickly answered "Stalin and Mao Zedong!" Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. However, the students had not heard of Nelson Mandela. No wonder the 3,000 or so North Koreans who escape this, the most isolated and secretive country in the world, and arrive in South Korea every year feel as though they have landed on another planet. South Koreans can use their mobile phones to pay in the supermarket, there are more and faster broadband connections per person than in any other country in the world and, if you are feeling frivolous, there are cameras and touch screen key boards along the main shopping streets to allow you to send a photo to a friend! All new arrivals from North Korea spend months in special government schools to learn how to cope with the 21st Century. I met Sena, who arrived just five months ago, in a computer and mobile phone shop in Seoul. "I love the internet," they said to me, "because there are no secrets. Everyone can know everything!" They love their mobile phone, they said, because they no longer has to walk miles simply to give a message to a friend. Them friend, Garam, is most struck by the food: "In South Korea, you can eat anything anytime you want. In the North, you can never find anything you would want to eat." But many defectors from the North complain about how they are treated in the South. "People look down on us here," another recent arrival told me. "They treat us like poor, badly educated cousins with funny accents. It is hard for us to get work here." People in the North tell you that they long for the two countries to be united again. "It has been 60 years since the country was divided by the civil war. Unification is our dream", a university student in Pyongyang told me. "It must happen one day". A bit like the attitude of West Germans towards East Germans prior to unification, the South Koreans are not too keen of the thought of 23 million hungry and badly educated cousins pouring across the border. And the sinking of the South Korean naval ship, the Cheonan, by North Korea has brought relations between the two enemy countries to one of the most dangerous points since the end of the war. The chances of unification have never looked so remote. Watch Sue Lloyd-Roberts' films from North and South Korea on Newsnight on Tuesday 1 and Wednesday 2 June 2010 at 10.30pm on BBC Two, then afterwards on the BBC iPlayer and Newsnight website.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
How to build symbolic differential & integral calculus engine in Prolog
Math is all about symbolic calculation and there are a only handful of programming languages to do the symbolic math. But when need arises, you can write your own symbolic math processing engine easily and I will show you how you can use Prolog to do it and integrate into any java application.
Prolog a well known language in the academia areas of computer science such as Artificial Intelligence and related studies. Prolog is a logic programming and pattern matching language. It is a first-order programming model and helps you to build code in a mathematical or inference based approach. Prolog is a simple language to learn and yet powerful to use ( just for fun, try to convert the rules listed in here into Java code ). It is pretty easy to get start with it in matter of hours.
This article shows you how to use Prolog to write Differential and Integral calculus rules. I've coded few modules for some of my bachelors projects such as MinT and jLogics.
If you are new to prolog, I would recommend getting some basics of Prolog before diving in here. Do not worry you are not learning anything weird like this.
In nutshell, just understand that
It can be used a Compiled or Interpreted language and works based on the pattern matching. You start with simple facts & relations and extend those as rules. Expressions are separated by COMMA(,) and the function is terminated by a DOT(.) Just build the foundations correct and rest everything would fit ( just like the axioms in Math ) Prolog is good at backtracking. i.e if one of the input couldn't derive to a ‘Truth' value, it would try with nex set of values until it finds ‘Truth'.
Here is an example of backtracking. Prolog, will match for truth always and until it matches, it will backtrack and keep looking.
In this program, when you ask for good_menu_in(thai) , it will find two matches restaurant4 and restaurant1 and then for each match, it will try to find the matching good() menu item. When it checks for restaurant4 , it doesn't match any good() item. So it will backtrack to restaurant1 .
good ( restaurant1 , ginger_chicken ) good ( restaurant1 , fried_noodles ) good ( restaurant2 , chicken_curry ) good ( restaurant2 , kung_pao_chicken ) restaurant ( thai , restaurant4 ) restaurant ( thai , restaurant1 ) restaurant ( chinese , restaurant2 ) restaurant ( indian , restaurant3 ) good_menu_in ( X ):- restaurant ( X , R ), good ( R , M ) > good_menu_in ( thai )
when restaurant1() rule is executed, it would fetch restaurant4 and restaurant1 . When it tries to match good(restaurant4) , it wont find any, hence it will backtrack to good(restaurant1) .
Result: ginger_chicken , fried_noodles
Here is another example
Now, let us get started.
Differential rules
Define the basic axioms
d ( X , X , 1 ):- !. /* d(X) w.r.t. X is 1 */ d ( C , X , 0 ):- atomic ( C ). /* If C is a constant then */ /* d(C)/dX is 0 */ d ( U + V , X , R ):- /* d(U+V)/dX = A+B where */ d ( U , X , A ), /* A = d(U)/dX and */ d ( V , X , B ), R = A + B . d ( U - V , X , R ):- d ( U , X , A ), d ( V , X , B ), R = A - B . /* constant multiplied to variable d(C *X) /d(x) */ d ( C * U , X , R ):- atomic ( C ), C \ = X , d ( U , X , A ), R = C * A , !. d ( U * V , X , U * B + V * A ):- /* d(U *V) /dX = B *U+A*V where */ d ( U , X , A ), /* A = d(U)/dX and */ d ( V , X , B ). /* B = d(V)/dX */ d ( U / V , X , ( A * V - B * U ) / ( V ^ 2 ) ):- /* d(U/V)/dX = (A *V-B*U) /(V *V) */ d ( U , X , A ), /* where A = d(U)/dX and */ d ( V , X , B ). /* B = d(V)/dX */ d ( U ^ C , X , R ):- /* d(U^C)/dX = C *A*U^(C-1) */ atomic ( C ), /* where C is a number or */ C \ = X , d ( U , X , A ), R = C * A * U ^ ( C - 1 ).
Now little complex pattern.
As prolog is good at pattern matching, you can define rules with complex inputs. When you invoke d(sin(X)) or d(sin(sin(X))) ,it will match the rule. And then it will still track for d(X) . In the first case it is just X and in 2nd case it is sin(X) and see if anything matches up.
d ( sin ( W ), X , Z * cos ( W ) ):- /* d(sin(W))/dX = Z *cos(W) */ d ( W , X , Z ). /* where Z = d(W)/dX */
List of basic trigonometric rules
d ( sin ( W ), X , Z * cos ( W ) ):- /* d(sin(W))/dX = Z *cos(W) */ d ( W , X , Z ). /* where Z = d(W)/dX */ d ( exp ( W ), X , Z * exp ( W ) ):- /* d(exp(W))/dX = Z *exp(W) */ d ( W , X , Z ). /* where Z = d(W)/dX */ d ( log ( W ), X , Z / W ):- /* d(log(W))/dX = Z/W */ d ( W , X , Z ). /* where Z = d(W)/dX */ d ( cos ( W ), X , - ( Z * sin ( W )) ):- /* d(cos(W))/dX = Z *sin(W) */ d ( W , X , Z ). /* where Z = d(W)/dX */ d ( tan ( W ), X , ( Z * sec ( W ) ^ 2 ) ):- /* d(tan(W))/dX = Z *sec(W)^2 */ d ( W , X , Z ). /* where Z = d(W)/dX */ d ( cot ( W ), X , - ( Z * cosec ( W ) ^ 2 ) ):- /* d(cot(W))/dX = -Z *cosec(W)^2 */ d ( W , X , Z ). /* where Z = d(W)/dX */ d ( sec ( W ), X , ( Z * sec ( W ) * tan ( W )) ):- /* d(sec(W))/dX = sec(W) *tan(W) */ d ( W , X , Z ). /* where Z = d(W)/dX */ d ( cosec ( W ), X , - ( Z * cosec ( W ) * cot ( W )) ):- /* d(cosec(W))/dX = -cosec(W) *cot(W) */ d ( W , X , Z ). /* where Z = d(W)/dX */ d ( arcsin ( W ), X , Z / sqrt ( 1 - W ^ 2 ) ):- /* d(arcsin(W))/dX = Z/sqrt(1-W^2) */ d ( W , X , Z ). /* where Z = d(W)/dX */ d ( arccos ( W ), X , - ( Z / sqrt ( 1 - W ^ 2 )) ):- /* d(arccos(W))/dX = -(Z/sqrt(1-W^2) ) */ d ( W , X , Z ). /* where Z = d(W)/dX */ d ( arctan ( W ), X , Z / ( 1 + W ^ 2 ) ):- /* d(arctan(W))/dX = Z/(1+W^2) */ d ( W , X , Z ). /* where Z = d(W)/dX */ d ( arccot ( W ), X , - ( Z / ( 1 + W ^ 2 )) ):- /* d(arccot(W))/dX = -(Z/(1+W^2)) */ d ( W , X , Z ). /* where Z = d(W)/dX */ d ( arcsec ( W ), X , ( Z / ( W * sqrt ( W ^ 2 - 1 ))) ):- /* d(arcsec(W))/dX = (Z/(W *sqrt(W^2-1))) */ d ( W , X , Z ). /* where Z = d(W)/dX */ d ( arccosec ( W ), X , - ( Z / ( W * sqrt ( W ^ 2 - 1 ))) ):- /* d(arccosec(W))/dX = -(Z/(W *sqrt(W^2-1))) */ d ( W , X , Z ). /* where Z = d(W)/dX */
Full Gist
Integral rules
Similar to Differential, Integral rules are defined. Start with the basic axioms and expand.
Full Gist
Complete Source
Java Integration
You can use GnuProlog for java to integrate your prolog program into your java app. Build the basic prolog engine using the gnuprolog APIs and you should be set.
Source
public class PrologEngine implements Serializable { private HashMap variableResult ; private StringReader sr ; private TermReader tr ; private ReadOptions rd_ops ; private Environment env ; private Interpreter interpreter ; private WriteOptions wr_ops , options ; private Term goalTerm ; private Interpreter . Goal goal ; private String response , fileName , goalToExecute ; private TermWriter out ; public PrologEngine ( String fileName ) throws ParseException { this . fileName = fileName ; /* initialize the prolog environment */ env = new Environment (); env . ensureLoaded ( AtomTerm . get ( fileName )); interpreter = env . createInterpreter (); env . runIntialization ( interpreter ); /* show any error occured */ for ( Iterator iter = env . getLoadingErrors (). iterator (); iter . hasNext (); ) { PrologTextLoaderError err = ( PrologTextLoaderError ) iter . next (); System . err . println ( err ); } rd_ops = new ReadOptions (); rd_ops . operatorSet = env . getOperatorSet (); wr_ops = new WriteOptions (); wr_ops . operatorSet = env . getOperatorSet (); out = new TermWriter ( new StringWriter ()); } public String getResult ( String variable ) throws Exception { Object obj = variableResult . get ( variable ); if ( obj == null ) { throw new Exception ( "No Such Variable : " + variable ); } else { Term res = ( ( Term ) obj ). dereference (); String output = out . toString ( res ); return output ; } } public void exec ( String goalToExecute ) { try { this . goalToExecute = goalToExecute ; sr = new StringReader ( goalToExecute ); tr = new TermReader ( sr ); goalTerm = tr . readTermEof ( rd_ops ); goal = interpreter . prepareGoal ( goalTerm ); int flag = interpreter . execute ( goal ); switch ( flag ) { case PrologCode . SUCCESS : case PrologCode . SUCCESS_LAST : variableResult = ( HashMap ) rd_ops . variableNames ; break ; case PrologCode . FAIL : throw new Exception ( "Cannot Execute for : " + goalToExecute ); } } catch ( Exception e ) { System . err . println ( e ); } } }
jCalculus - java library
I've built this as part of my final year project and it is available over github for anyone to use.
Note: I'm not maintaining this anymore
Usage
System . setProperty ( "jcalculus" , path ); Integral d = new Integral (); String s = d . eval ( expression , withRespectToVariable );
Test code
import java.io.* ; import calculus.PrologEngine ; import javax.swing.* ; import calculus.* ; public class test { static void dx ( String goalToRun ) throws Exception { Derivative d = new Derivative (); String s = d . eval ( goalToRun , "x" ); System . out . println ( "Differential of " + goalToRun + " : " + s ); } static void in ( String goalToRun ) throws Exception { Integral d = new Integral (); String s = d . eval ( goalToRun , "x" ); System . out . println ( "Integral of " + goalToRun + " : " + s ); } public static void main ( String args []) throws Exception { String path = "path/to/script" ; System . setProperty ( "jcalculus" , path ); String goalToRun = "sin(x^3)" ; dx ( goalToRun ); in ( goalToRun ); } }
Source
The Obama Regime has surrendered in the case of Kritarch Dolly Gee, a Cultural Marxist waging war on the historic American nation. Gee was exposed by this author in three postings, two on the issue of illegal orders to release illegal aliens from custody and another on their illegal order to provide free lawyers for illegal aliens
In a kabuki theater scheme, the Regime and Gee worked against well established immigration law in both cases, as Federal statutes specifically prohibit government paid for attorneys for illegal aliens and specifically authorize the detention of any illegal alien, without regard to age. In each case the Obama Regime either offered token resistance to Gee's illegal orders or no resistance at all. In the case of detaining illegals, the Regime offered token resistance, but failed to appeal the case beyond a three judge panel of the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals. The Regime did not even ask for a en banc review.
Immigration authorities are looking at possible changes to family detention practices following a federal appeals court ruling clarifying the government's options, according to Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson. Last month, the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals rejected a key part of the Obama administration's interpretation of a long-standing settlement regarding immigration detention for minors. The Justice Department argued that the nearly-two-decade-old deal requiring quick release of children in most circumstances only applied to children traveling across the border alone and had no impact on those crossing illegally with relatives, usually their mothers. However, the appeals court found the 1997 settlement in Flores v. Reno does apply to accompanied minors, forcing immigration officials to find a way to get such children out of immigration detention quickly. [Johnson: Feds Looking At Family Immigration Detention Changes, by Josh Gerstein, Politico, August 8, 2016]
"On an operational level....we're looking now at what impact that has," Johnson told reporters Wednesday at a breakfast discussion organized by the Christian Science Monitor. "We are looking at whether to change the practice in any way in light of the 9th Circuit ruling."
Johnson defended their agency's creation of "family residential centers" for family border crossers, saying the facilities are necessary to handle increased numbers of families illegally crossing the U.S. border from Mexico since 2014.
In fact, the Obama Regime is looking to end all detention of illegal aliens, expanding on their own the ruling against detention.More over, the Obama Regime gave a half-hearted defense of their " Club Feds " for illegal aliens, but ignored the fact that the law authorizes detaining illegal alien minors, and made no arguement based on the relevant Act of Congress, something that trumps, as one can say, any settlement or the opinion of a judge.The Obama Regime was playing a game in court, a game against the historic American nation in their effort to elect a new people . The good news is that President Trump can reverse the situation by immediately deporting these illegal aliens by declaring Mexico a safe third party country with regards to asylum claims and using Expedited Removal to deport these Central American illegal aliens back to Mexico from whence they came.
Daniel Sturridge has spoken about the 'ruthless' streak that they hope will help them become one of the Barclays Premier League's top strikers – and revealed some words of wisdom given to them by former teammate Didier Drogba.
The 23-year-old made a scintillating start to their Anfield career, firing 11 goals in 16 games before the end of last season.
Yesterday, Brendan Rodgers tipped them to be one of the Barclays Premier League's leading strikers during 2013-14 - and Sturridge is keen to show their ruthless streak when the new season gets underway.
"I've had an opportunity with Liverpool to show what I can do. You can only express who you are on the field," Sturridge told The Times.
"In the past I might have come across as a sulky person, but I'm just very driven and keep myself to myself.
"I am very approachable. I always show the fans love and respect, but I'm not loud when it comes to football.
"You have to be ruthless but you don't have to be selfish. When I was playing with Chelsea, I spoke to Didier Drogba, a legend at the club. They told me that when you give you get. You don't give to receive; it just happens that way.
"The most important thing is the relationship with your teammates. I like to get assists. It's not about glory, it's about being part of a successful unit."
Sturridge became the quickest Liverpool player to hit 10 goals in the Premier League when they fired their third against Fulham at Craven Cottage on the penultimate day of last season.
Their fine vein of goalscoring form was largely down to the striker's innate ability to take up dangerous positions, beat a man and find the back of net.
However, they were also aided by the creativity of a certain Philippe Coutinho, who found the striker time and time again with their extensive passing repertoire.
"We're on the same wavelength," said Sturridge. "I'm a little bit older than them but we get along very well off the field. We understand each other's game. To have a player of their talent with me makes for a great relationship."
Watch the video here »
When Sturridge arrived at Anfield seven months ago, they arranged for their brother Leon and cousin Sean to live with them in their city centre flat, which boasts views of the river Mersey.
Sturridge has been bowled over by how welcoming the people of the city have been since their move - and they seem to be settling into life in Liverpool.
"It's a beautiful place to live," said the striker. "It's different; it's more of a family city. You ask for directions or a good place to eat and everybody is happy to talk to you.
"In Liverpool it is all about football. It's incredible to be a part of it. It rubs off on the players and rubs off on the staff. It makes you a passionate footballer. I've had so many messages from the fans. I post photos of my rehab and their messages kept me going.
"I'm very family orientated. I speak to my parents on a daily basis and to my sister and my niece and I thought, moving to a new city, it was only right I had people close to me to keep me grounded.
"They are part of the success I've had so far at Liverpool. They are sharing the highs and the lows; we are going through everything together."
Former Alabama House Speaker Mike Hubbard looks toward their family after they were sentenced to to four years in prison and another eight on probation for breaking the state ethics law, Friday, July 8, 2016, in Opelika, Ala. (Todd Van Emst/Opelika-Auburn News via AP, Pool) The Associated Press
By KIM CHANDLER, Associated Press
OPELIKA, Ala. (AP) — Former Alabama House Speaker Mike Hubbard was sentenced Friday to four years in prison and another eight on probation for breaking the state ethics law — a prison term handed down as their defense lawyer continued to argue Hubbard's innocence.
Lee County Circuit Judge Jacob Walker announced the sentence after a hearing in which prosecutors called Hubbard a remorseless figure motivated by greed while defense witnesses urged mercy for the man they described as a public servant.
A jury on June 10 convicted Hubbard on 12 counts of violating the state ethics law, including that they improperly solicited lobbyists and company executives for work and $150,000 in their investments in their debt-riddled printing business and used the power of their office to help their business clients.
Prosecutors argued that Hubbard, 54, betrayed the trust of voters who elected them to the Legislature and fellow lawmakers who chose them to lead the House of Representatives.
"The motive was simply greed. They wanted the money. The evidence showed that everything they did was to get the money," prosecutor Matt Hart said. Hart also said that Hubbard had shown "absolutely no acceptance or responsibility" while continuing to attack the integrity of the prosecution.
Hubbard did not have a visible reaction as the verdict was read. They left the courtroom with a grim expression but was allowed to go free on bond as they appeal their conviction.
Hubbard did not make a statement at their sentencing hearing. Defense lawyer Bill Baxley said that was because the defense would soon be filing post-trial motions challenging the conviction. Alabama Attorney General Luther Strange, who had recused themselves from the case, called the sentence a "turning point" in the state and praised the prosecution team.
"No longer can elect officials expect to disregard our laws and not pay a penalty," Strange said in a statement.
Baxley, a former state attorney general, said they believed Hubbard "hasn't done anything wrong."
"I've seen very few people convicted by a jury that I felt were innocent ... can count on one hand," Baxley said. "This is a case where I believe with all my being — after everything we've been through — that Mike Hubbard is absolutely innocent of every charge."
Baxley outside the courtroom called the case a "witch hunt" and vowed to "appeal the case all the way." The effort to fight the conviction began Friday afternoon when Baxley filed a motion requesting an investigation into possible juror misconduct. The motion came after a juror or alternate juror — it was unclear which — submitted an affidavit saying that some jurors made biased comments to each other during the trial, such as calling Hubbard greedy. The person's name was redacted.
The conviction came amid a season of scandal that has engulfed Republicans at the helm of the Alabama's legislative, judicial and executive branches of government. Chief Justice Roy Moore faces possible ouster from office over accusations that they violated judicial ethics during the fight over same-sex marriage. And Gov. Robert Bentley has faced an impeachment probe after a sex-tinged scandal involving a former top aide.
Hubbard for years was one of the state's most influential politicians and a GOP star seemingly on an upward trajectory. In 2010, they led state Republicans to the first legislative majority since Reconstruction and soon after was elected as House speaker.
They were automatically removed from office after being convicted of a felony.
The sentence was close to the five years of incarceration that prosecutors had sought.
Walker rejected prosecutors' request for Hubbard to pay $1.6 million in fines and restitution. Walker said they would not impose restitution. They ordered $210,000 in fines.
Baxley argued that the ethics counts against Hubbard were victimless crimes and did not cost taxpayers money.
"The people of the state of Alabama are the victims. They were supposed to get their public service and they denied them of that," Hart retorted.
The sentence was handed down after character witnesses — including a U.S. member of congress, Hubbard's pastor and a local mayor— pleaded with Walker to extend mercy, describing Hubbard as hard-working, generous and a person of integrity.
U.S. Rep. Mike Rogers sprang to the defense of their friend. Rogers said they did not recognize the "caricature" that prosecutors presented of Hubbard because they did not know a finer person.
"He is a man of honor and integrity," Rogers said. The member of congress added that it would not serve justice or overcrowded state prisons to put Hubbard behind bars. "I know them better than anyone. They have been severely punished."
The Future and All That Jazz, with Kim Solez and the Mallory Chipman Quartet
— Helping save humanity from annihilation by our robot overlords while enjoying a great evening of poetry, jazz music, and cool science —
by Kim Solez, M.D. and Mallory Chipman – Edmonton, Canada
Taking place at the Jazz Vortex, 11 Gillett Square, London, N16 8AZ (which is a short walk from Dalston Junction station on the Overground line), on the evening of Thurs 18 Aug, with the support of London Futurists:
A night of jazz music from the innovative and improvisational Mallory Chipman Quartet, poetry from master free style spoken word artist Roylin Picou, and cool science sound bytes of modern life from award-winning physician futurist Kim Solez and their sidekick Ayesha Herian. All focused around artificial intelligence (AI) guru Rich Sutton's pivotal idea of cooperative coevolution of sentient machines and humans: “Showing sentient machines empathy: If this kindness survives, so will we.” Join us for an unforgettable evening unlike anything you have ever experienced, saving humanity from annihilation at the hands of our robot overlords through jazz, poetry, and science. Elon Musk, Bill Gates, Steven Hawking, and Nick Bostrom have warned that sentient machines of the future represent the greatest existential threat faced by humanity. How should we deal with the greatest threat to our existence? Should we attempt to enslave AI or make it our friend? Come out to the Future and All That Jazz to be entertained, and learn, discuss, understand, and perhaps help shape the role of AI in our future.
Now happening on one night only
Earlier plans were for three shows at the Jazz Cafe, Camden, spread over the 16th, 17th, and 18th of August. Because of the low number of tickets sold in advance, plans have changed to just one event, on the 18th of August, at the new venue of the Vortex Jazz Club.
For more details of the venue, and to book tickets in advance, see http://www.vortexjazz.co.uk/event/the-mallory-chipman-quartet-ft-roy-picou/.
London Futurists very much regrets the inconvenience caused by this change of plan. People who purchased tickets for the events at the Jazz Club are being offered (via TicketMaster) a refund.
The core idea
We all love to talk, and the debates about artificial intelligence (AI) can go on forever. There is however one idea on which the future of humanity depends. It is not necessary that this idea is the only one considered, or that it win every debate.
However unless this idea survives, and is there amongst the others in discussions about AI, we will not survive as a species. This is the idea of Rich Sutton's that when machines are smarter than we are, we should treat them as equals and include them in our circles of empathy.
This idea is simple, natural, “common sense”, but most normal people will not have the patience to listen to a lecture about it. We have created The Future and All That Jazz initiative to use music, poetry, and the sound bytes of our modern fast-paced life to embed this idea firmly in memory, so it survives into future generations, and so do we.
Background
As background, our unique course on Technology and the Future of Medicine, developed at the University of Alberta, Canada, talks about potential outcomes both favourable and unfavourable in a future world in which machines are smarter than humans:
Elon Musk, Bill Gates, Steven Hawking, and Nick Bostrom have warned recently that sentient machines of the future represent the greatest existential threat faced by humanity. Their opinions have been used to promote the idea that permanent enslavement of sentient artificial intelligence is the way to save the human race from extinction. University of Alberta computing science expert Rich Sutton has posed the common sense counterargument that since smarter than human machines will inevitably outwit us, planning to enslave them ensures that they will want to annihilate us, and they will almost certainly succeed in that aim. Sutton argues for cooperation, diversity and inclusiveness, eventually treating sentient machines as equals and including them in our circles of empathy.
Humans and sentient machines can coevolve, each helping the other, and the future could be very bright. This central message is too important to be left to lectures alone to convey, since the survival of the human race is at stake. The people we are trying to reach are unlikely to listen to a lecture about this. The sound bytes of poetry and music are needed to reach them. Young presenters and presentations geared to young audiences are also an important element in delivering the message, since young people have the greatest stake in this issue, in our survival as a species.
First London, then the world!
We plan an event that mixes material from the Technology and Future of Medicine course with similarly themed poetry and music. Highly rated lecturers from the course along with some of Edmonton's best young musicians and poets will provide an unforgettable experience for attendees that will help shape the future in the right direction and makes humanity's survival much more likely!
We appreciate the support of London Futurists as we bring this event to London. We are building a small, informal team in London to assist with publicity, registration, box office, videography, and general running around! Please get in touch if you would like more details.
Sample video
From our lecturers, poets, and musicians:
Kim Solez
Rich Sutton
Ayesha Herian:
Roylin Picou:
Mallory Chipman:
Publicity
About Mallory Chipman
With a voice that's “half Joni, half Ella, and half their own” (GigCity.ca), Canadian vocalist and songwriter Mallory Chipman is taking the jazz scene by storm with their thoughtful compositions, fearless improvisation, and unforgettable performances. Drawing influence from folk music, bebop, and musical theatre, Mallory fuses these styles together to create a sound uniquely their own. Mallory performs frequently at numerous venues and festivals around Canada and beyond, and is on the music faculty at the esteemed MacEwan University where they teach voice.  They are eagerly anticipating the release of their upcoming album, NOCTURNALIZE, available November 2016.
Visit www.mallorychipman.com for more information.
Every time I teach a Human Sexuality course, I give my students the opportunity to anonymously submit any questions they have about sex. Over the years, I've seen a lot of similar questions pop up, so I thought it might be worthwhile to distribute some of the answers more broadly. Thus, I'm pleased to announce the introduction of Sex Question Fridays to the blog. Each Friday, I will answer a few burning sex questions posed by actual college students. To kick off the inaugural edition, we're going to talk about shower sex, “natural male enhancement,” and bisexuality. Not a bad way to start the weekend!
Why is it so difficult to have sex in the shower?
First and foremost, showers are typically designed to accommodate only one person, let alone two people in a world where there is an epidemic of rapidly expanding waistlines. Second, sex in the shower means the couple is probably going to be standing up instead of lying down, which makes it more challenging to get your body parts lined up, especially for couples with height discrepancies. Third, couples who use lubricants during sexual activity may find that they wash away in the shower, thereby creating discomfort (this is especially true for those who use water-based lubricants). And finally, when you factor in the slippery floors and lack of sturdy things to grab hold of, shower sex can be downright hazardous! So what can you do to make shower sex a more pleasurable and less dangerous experience? If you don't have the money to invest in a bathroom renovation, your best bet would be to experiment with different positions, invest in a silicone-based lubricant, and try to limit the number of potential safety hazards (e.g., put down a nonslip shower mat, take out the shower caddy, etc.).
Do any of those “natural male enhancement” things actually work?
Most of the “natural male enhancement” products advertised on television have never been scientifically tested by independent researchers. Even in cases where advertisers claim “clinical proof," they usually fail to reveal the source of the study or tell you anything about it, probably because you wouldn't be very impressed if you knew the details. Think of it this way: if these products really worked, we'd be reading about them in reputable journals, not hearing about them on late-night infomercials. Also, the “real people” who claim the products work were probably paid to say so or, more likely, fell prey to the placebo effect. The placebo effect refers to the idea that if you believe a treatment will improve your health, you will probably show improvement, even if the treatment itself was phony. As some evidence of this, people taking sugar pills to treat mild to moderate depression often show almost as much symptom improvement as people taking anti-depressant drugs [1]! Thus, in the case of “natural male enhancement,” if you believe it will work, it just might—but the product you're buying probably doesn't amount to more than a very expensive tic-tac.
Can someone really be bisexual?
I think what you're asking is “can someone really be strongly attracted to both sexes?” If so, there is indeed research demonstrating that some people exhibit high levels of sexual arousal in response to both men and women. For more details on this study, you can read an entire blog post about it here.
For previous editions of Sex Question Friday, click here. To send in a question for a future edition, click here.
Want to learn more about Sex and Psychology? Click here for previous articles or follow the blog on Facebook (facebook.com/psychologyofsex), Twitter (@JustinLehmiller), or Reddit (reddit.com/r/psychologyofsex) to receive updates.
[1] Fournier, J. C., DeRubeis, R. J., Hollon, S. D., Dimidjian, S., Amsterdam, J. D., Shelton, R. C., & Fawcett, J. (2010). Antidepressant drug effects and depression severity: A patient-level meta-analysis. Journal of the American Medical Association, 303, 47-53.
Image Source: iStockphoto.com
This article is part of the Opinion Today newsletter. You can sign up here to receive more briefings and a guide to the section daily in your inbox.
Through all of Donald Trump's lies and their barely coded racism and their attempts to interfere with the justice system, Congressional Republicans have stood by him.
The leaders — Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell — have defended him. Rank-and-file members of Congress have too. Even Trump skeptics on the Hill, like John McCain and Ben Sasse, have largely kept their criticism to words rather than deeds.
It's too early to know whether the latest bombshell — Trump's interference with an F.B.I. investigation, revealed by The Times — will change the situation. Their act, Noah Feldman of Harvard Law School writes for Bloomberg View, “is exactly the kind that the Founding Fathers would have considered a ‘high crime.'”
Minneapolis police arrested a 22-year-old man they say punched a police horse during bar close over the weekend.
According to police, several officers on horseback were patrolling along N. 4th Street, between 1st and 2nd avenues, shortly after 2 a.m. Saturday. Without provocation, the suspect ran up to one of the horses and punched it, according to police spokesperson Sgt. Catherine Michal. They were quickly caught by officers on foot.
“This was extremely dangerous for the horse, the rider and the person that is assaulting the horse,” Michal said on Tuesday.
Police later tweeted that neither the rider nor the animal, named Indigo, were injured.
Before they were handcuffed, the suspect struggled with officers, who used force to subdue him, according to the arrest report.
Attacks on the department's horses are rare. Michal said they couldn't think of another instance in which a horse was assaulted, adding that in one case last year a man tried to burn a police horse with a cigarette, but was stopped by officers.
The suspect, who is from Minneapolis, has not yet been charged. They were booked into the Hennepin County jail on suspicion of fourth-degree assault, but released seven hours later.  They are set to appear in court on Nov. 9.
LIBOR JANY
Stop Using Ashley Volion's Disability to Block Them From Achieving Them Dream
by: Ashley Volion and Care2.com
recipient: President Obama
I have Cerebral Palsy, and require personal care attendant services in order to live and work independently. Now, the state of Louisiana's refusal to accommodate my needs may prevent me from achieving my dreams of achieving a PhD and giving back to the Louisiana community. No one should be forced to choose between education and continuity of healthcare, but that is exactly what Louisiana is forcing me to do.
When I was accepted into the University of Illinois Chicago at the only Disability Studies PhD program in the nation, I was ecstatic. It never occurred to me that the state would deny my request to study out of state, but I was wrong. Not only did the state deny my request, but I was forced to give up my research assistantship and my tuition waiver.
What makes this additionally disturbing is that as long as I forgo school, remain home and give up on my goals and dreams I will fully be allowed to keep and maintain the services I receive.
This is a decision made by the state, knowing they have the flexibility to support my goals but choose not to. What does this say to individuals with disabilities, that we support your educational goals as long as you aim low? This is the wrong message and wrong policy to support.
I started this petition to ask President Obama to grant me the ability to study out of state and to enact federal policies that will protect disabled people's rights in their pursuit of economic security. I want to return to Louisiana after I complete my PhD, and these prohibitive practices are keeping me from completing my dream. Please sign to ask President Obama to stop the discrimination!
read petition letter ▾
Throughout the pursuit of their career, Ashley has always worked closely with the state of Louisiana to ensure that their career goals met the state�s criteria for providing ongoing personal attendant services. These goals included studying disability studies at The University of Illinois, Chicago, the only program of its kind in the nation.
As Ashley writes, "It never occurred to me that the state would deny my request to study out of state because:
1. UIC was my #1 goal in my CPOC for over a year.
2. I did not plan on becoming an Illinois resident.
3. I would remain a Louisiana resident and be in state for more than a 1/3 of
the year.
4. I plan on returning to Louisiana to practice my profession.
Even if I were to get services through the state of Illinois, they do not provide the level of care that I require, and it would take a year to become an Illinois resident which is a requirement for eligibility for their personal care attendant program. Also, if I were to become an Illinois resident, I would lose Louisiana residency, access to services that require long waiting lists to receive with no
guarantees of becoming eligible upon return. I do not want to do this as I want to help out my Louisiana community upon completion, to grow, work and retire with all my friends and family reside in Louisiana."
In 2012, people with disabilities are still forced to live in poverty to
get the supports they need to live independently. Despite advances in technology and medicine, people with disabilities are still routinely denied access to the critical supports they need to pursue vocational goals. People with disabilities need federal policies to protect their rights in their pursuit of economic security. A patchwork of rules across states creates a barrier for people with disabilities to access the health supports they need to live independently. In Ashley's case, loose rules allow states to
make decisions whether to support or deny ongoing care as they choose. This inequality for people with disabilities is not addressed in the Affordable Care Act.I am writing to show my support for Ashley Volion, a student with Cerebral Palsy who was recently denied their request to study out of state, even though they planned to return to Louisiana upon graduation.
Throughout the pursuit of their career, Ashley has always worked closely with the state of Louisiana to ensure that their career goals met the state�s criteria for providing ongoing personal attendant services. These goals included studying disability studies at The University of Illinois, Chicago, the only program of its kind in the nation.
As Ashley writes, "It never occurred to me that the state would deny my request to study out of
state because:
1. UIC was my #1 goal in my Comprehensive Plan Of Care for over a year.
2. I did not plan on becoming an Illinois resident.
3. I would remain a Louisiana resident and be in state for more than a 1/3 of
the year.
4. I plan on returning to Louisiana to practice my profession.
Even if I were to get services through the state of Illinois, they do not provide the level of care that I require, and it would take a year to become an Illinois resident which is a requirement for eligibility for their personal care attendant program. Also, if I were to become an Illinois resident, I would lose Louisiana residency, access to services that require long waiting lists to receive with no guarantees of becoming eligible upon return. I do not want to do this as I want to
help out my Louisiana community upon completion, to grow, work and retire with all my friends and family reside in Louisiana."
In 2012, people with disabilities are still forced to live in poverty to
get the supports they need to live independently. Despite advances in technology and medicine, people with disabilities are still routinely denied access to the critical supports they need to pursue vocational goals. People with disabilities need federal policies to protect their rights in their pursuit of economic security. A patchwork of rules across states creates a barrier for people with disabilities to access the health supports they need to live independently.
In Ashley's case, loose rules allow states to make decisions whether to support or deny ongoing care as they choose. This inequality for people with disabilities is not addressed in the Affordable Care Act. I am writing to ask you to fix that oversight immediately and restore their rights so they can pursue their career goals. I am writing to show my support for Ashley Volion, a student with Cerebral Palsy who was recently denied their request to study out of state, even though they planned to return to Louisiana upon graduation.Throughout the pursuit of their career, Ashley has always worked closely with the state of Louisiana to ensure that their career goals met the state�s criteria for providing ongoing personal attendant services. These goals included studying disability studies at The University of Illinois, Chicago, the only program of its kind in the nation.As Ashley writes,In 2012, people with disabilities are still forced to live in poverty toget the supports they need to live independently. Despite advances in technology and medicine, people with disabilities are still routinely denied access to the critical supports they need to pursue vocational goals. People with disabilities need federal policies to protect their rights in their pursuit of economic security. A patchwork of rules across states creates a barrier for people with disabilities to access the health supports they need to live independently. In Ashley's case, loose rules allow states tomake decisions whether to support or deny ongoing care as they choose. This inequality for people with disabilities is not addressed in the Affordable Care Act.I am writing to show my support for Ashley Volion, a student with Cerebral Palsy who was recently denied their request to study out of state, even though they planned to return to Louisiana upon graduation.Throughout the pursuit of their career, Ashley has always worked closely with the state of Louisiana to ensure that their career goals met the state�s criteria for providing ongoing personal attendant services. These goals included studying disability studies at The University of Illinois, Chicago, the only program of its kind in the nation.As Ashley writes, "It never occurred to me that the state would deny my request to study out ofstate because:1. UIC was my #1 goal in my Comprehensive Plan Of Care for over a year.2. I did not plan on becoming an Illinois resident.3. I would remain a Louisiana resident and be in state for more than a 1/3 ofthe year.4. I plan on returning to Louisiana to practice my profession.Even if I were to get services through the state of Illinois, they do not provide the level of care that I require, and it would take a year to become an Illinois resident which is a requirement for eligibility for their personal care attendant program. Also, if I were to become an Illinois resident, I would lose Louisiana residency, access to services that require long waiting lists to receive with no guarantees of becoming eligible upon return. I do not want to do this as I want tohelp out my Louisiana community upon completion, to grow, work and retire with all my friends and family reside in Louisiana."In 2012, people with disabilities are still forced to live in poverty toget the supports they need to live independently. Despite advances in technology and medicine, people with disabilities are still routinely denied access to the critical supports they need to pursue vocational goals. People with disabilities need federal policies to protect their rights in their pursuit of economic security. A patchwork of rules across states creates a barrier for people with disabilities to access the health supports they need to live independently.In Ashley's case, loose rules allow states to make decisions whether to support or deny ongoing care as they choose. This inequality for people with disabilities is not addressed in the Affordable Care Act. I am writing to ask you to fix that oversight immediately and restore their rights so they can pursue their career goals.
A British scientist claims to have become the first human to be infected by a computer virus, in an experiment they say has important implications for the future of implantable technology.
Dr Mark Gasson from the University of Reading infected a computer chip which was then implanted in their hand with the virus and then transmitted it to a PC to prove that malware can move between human and computer.
Chips that can be implanted into the body have been around for a while, and Gasson uses one in place of a security pass to gain secure access to the building, and to activate their mobile phone. But they say the implications for computer viruses in implants are far-reaching, and could potentially affect those with pacemakers and other medical devices.
Speaking to the BBC, Gasson said someone with an infected chip implant could potentially infect someone else, while a person with two devices under the skin could run the risk of viruses passing between the two chips.
"With the benefits of this type of technology come risks," Gasson told the BBC. "We may improve ourselves in some way but much like the improvements with other technologies, mobile phones for example, they become vulnerable to risks."
The multi-city event, St. Jerome's Laneway Festival is located in several cities in Australia, Singapore and New Zealand. The festival was founded in 2004 and featured primarily indie music acts from around the world. Since then the festival has expanded its musical tastes and includes all different kinds of genres. Each festival is held during one weekend during January and February of 2015. While some of the line-ups have less or more artists, I will be focusing on the the acts that will be playing at all of the scheduled Laneway Festival events. Here are my top five acts to see live!
5. Royal Blood
The rock duo comprising of bassist/vocalist Mike Kerr and drummer Ben Thatcher from Brighton, England are having a breakthrough year with the release of their debut album, self-titled Royal Blood. Imagine if The White Stripes and The Black Keys with the help of a wizard created a little rock and roll offspring? Well in all likelihood that offspring would be hard rock duo Royal Blood. Their self titled album was released on August 25th of this year and instantly debuted at number one on the UK rock charts, selling around 660,000 copies in its first week. As one of the fastest rising rock acts around, Royal Blood has gained a reputation for bone-crushing live shows that turn into sweaty head banging affairs. Set to take the world by storm, do not miss out on the next big thing.
Recommended Tracks: “Figure It Out”, “Come On Over”, “Out Of The Black”
4. Eagulls
English post-punk rock band Eagulls, are a new act on the scene and they are making some major waves. The controversial band is known for their brash and at times arrogant nature, but this does not hinder their live experience in any way shape or form. Fast paced and high voltage, the band showers the crowd with excellent noise rock that sends people into a frenzy, whether they want to or not. While they do not look like rockstars the band is relentless when performing and will have the most overlooked breakout set of the festival.
Recommended Tracks: “Farewell Summer”, “Possessed”, “Nerve Endings”
3. St. Vincent
Singer/songwriter and multi-instrumentalist Annie Clark or more commonly known by their stage name St. Vincent, is headliner material and the future of indie rock. Touring their most recent self-titled album Clark is one of the fastest rising stars that has already established themselves in the music industry. Having opened for bands like Arcade Fire, Death Cab For Cutie, Grizzly Bear and Andrew Bird, Clark has the experience and friends to go even further.  They are a dynamic performer with an extremely versatile range of talents that never seem to stop evolving. Whether they are destroying the audience with their insane guitar shredding or serenading them with their light and whimsical vocals, Clarke is set to be the highlight of the whole entire festival.
Recommended Tracks: “Severed Cross Fingers”, “Cruel”, “Digital Witness”
2. Lykke Li
Swedish indie pop singer Lykke Li is one of the most anticipated performers of the whole entire event. Mixing elements of pop, alternative and electronica, Li is a very experimental artist that enjoys pushing the boundaries of their art. With three albums to choose from the stylish songstress will be a perfect set to see when the night falls on the festival grounds. Them beautiful uplifting vocals and lyrical genius makes them a must-see act. Not only that but with a cascade of classical instruments and electronica as support, there is very little to not enjoy about the Swedish phenomenon. With Laneway festival being one of their few stops in Australia it would be a very good idea to catch their show before they disappear to record their next masterpiece.
Recommended Tracks: “No Rest For The Wicked”, “Little Bit”, “I Follow Rivers”
1. Flying Lotus (3 Layers) American multi-genre music producer Flying Lotus, has finished recording and mixing their newest album titled You're Dead and it is set for release on October 7th of this year. One of the most popular indie electronic artists on the scene, over the years Flylo has managed to gather a strong following that includes heavyweight artists like Radiohead frontman Thom Yorke, Earl Sweatshirt and Kendrick Lamar. Blending electronic music with hip-hop, Flylo is a double threat that deserves the honor of co-headlining this diverse festival. To give you even more reason to see them is the added bonus of their very special 3 Layer live show.
An intense visual experience that gives you the feeling of drugs without having to take them… this may be a little dramatic but it will most certainly be a fantastic performance that will be filled with heavy dance beats. As soon as Flylo hits the stage the audience will be drawn into the biggest dance party of the festival.
Recommended Tracks: “See Thru To U”, “Zodiac Shit”, “Never Catch Me”
Advertisements
Legal Age Restrictions For Latchkey Kids
This webpage was developed by Database Systems Corp., a leading provider of community services including CARE (Call Reassurance) . CARE is an automated service that calls home alone individuals to ensure their well-being. CARE can be managed online by the individual or family member. If the person does not respond to this call, family members or community volunteers can be contacted to check-in on their loved ones to ensure they are OK. CARE also can be used to checkin on home alone children, sometimes refered to as Latchkey Kids. DSC also provides a community organization program called eCARE that allows communities to provide these services to its members using an online program.
At what age can a child be legally left at home alone?
(See the chart below).
The National SAFEKIDS Campaign recommends that no child under the age of 12 be left at home alone.
However, consider a child's age and maturity level. For example, if a child is extremely impulsive, it might be best to wait until they or they are older than 12.
There appear to be very few states with specific regulations about the age of a child left at home alone. However, since the number of latchkey kids is growing significantly due to 2 income parents and single parents and guardians, there is a growing movement within state agencies to set guidelines.
Lynn Yaney, spokesperson for the agency that handles child welfare in Contra Costa County, California, states:
"A general rule of thumb is that kids under age seven aren't capable of thinking logically and putting cause and effect together," Tanner said. "They are reliant on caregivers to structure their day." Children between ages 7 and 10 years aren't generally ready to self-supervise for an extended period, but in a routine and predictable environment, such as just after school, they can manage, Tanner said. Children 12 and 13 years old should be judged on a case- by-case basis but should not be left alone overnight.
Welcome To Latchkey-kids.com Video
Contact DSC
Latchkey Children Age Restrictions By State
The following table lists legal age restrictions for children left at home alone categorized by state within the U.S. Please note that city and county ordinances within each state may have more definitive and restrictive laws. Call your State DHS or local child welfare agency to learn about age guidelines in your area.
State
Minimum Age of
Home Alone Child
Reference
*
Guideline ONLY
CARE Latchkey Kids Calling Solutions
Database Systems Corp. provides an automatic phone system that calls seniors and latchkey children to ensure they are OK. This system is called CARE (Call Reassurance) and is provided to organizations such as police departments, sheriff's offices, fire departments, and other non-profit and for-profit community service organizations. These organizations are refered to as CARE Providers.
Enrollment in these programs is often free to citizens in these communities. In many cases, CARE systems are purchased using grants from major charitable organizations such as United Way.
DSC also provides individual CARE calls to seniors and latchkey children on a subscription basis. This service can be obtained through a simple Online Registration.
Online Enrollment - Sign-up online using our secure website.
- using our secure website. Child's Profile - Specify your child's profile (window of time to make calls to your child).
- Specify your child's profile (window of time to make calls to your child). Name Contacts - Identify who we need to contact if we can't reach your child.
- Identify who we need to contact if we can't reach your child. Secure Payment - Choose one of several enrollment and payment options and pay online using Visa or MasterCard.
Create A Community Account For Latchkey Kids
You can create and manage a community organization eCARE™ account using our online registration process. With this account, you can enroll children and other community members using various different profiles including home alone children calls. Individual members of this community receive special discounts when enrolled through a single eCARE account.
Telephone Reassurance Calls - single and multiple calls per day.
- single and multiple calls per day. Medication Reminder Calls - single and multiple calls per day.
- single and multiple calls per day. Home Alone Children Calls - check up on children left at home alone.
Enter your organization's name, a valid email address along with your own password, and we will establish your eCARE account. eCARE can now be used as your primary calling program for seniors in your community or can be a backup to any other system that is currently making these calls. eCARE is a pay-as-you-go service and you only pay for the calls that we make.
Articles About Latchkey Kids
CARE Information
NEW DELHI: After coronary stents, the government on Wednesday fixed a price range for knee implants from Rs 54,000 to Rs 1.14 lakh, nearly 70 per cent lower than most surgeries currently cost.With private hospitals reportedly charging exorbitant rates, the government capped the maximum retail price of the knee implants, a move that will save patients an estimated Rs 1,500 crore annually."Government will not remain a mute spectator and will not allow this illegal and unethical profiteering," Chemicals and Fertilisers Minister Ananth Kumar told a news briefing.The price in case of specialised implants for cancer and tumour has been sharply cut to Rs 1,13,950 from the current prices of Rs 4-9 lakh.There are 1.5 crore to 2 crore patients who require knee implant surgery. Every year 1.2 lakh to 1.5 lakh knee surgeries takes place in India, according to the government.It is estimated by World Health Organization (WHO) that by 2020, osteoarthritis is going to be the fourth largest cause of immobility globally, Kumar informed.The government had in February slashed the maximum price of life-saving heart stents implants by up to 85 per cent by capping them at Rs 7,260 for bare metal ones and Rs 29,600 for drug eluting variety.Earlier, the average maximum retail price (MRP) for BMS was Rs 45,000 and for DES, it was Rs 1.21 lakh.Ananth Kumar said today's decision comes a day after Prime Minister Narendra Modi announced from the Red Fort on the Independence Day that prices of knee surgery would be brought down.Earlier this month, the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority had stated that the average trade margin on orthopaedic knee implants were found to be as high as 313 per cent."After cardiac stents, we have now decided to bring all kinds of knee implants under price control. In our country 1.5 to 2 crore people suffer from knee problems, who need health assistance," Kumar said."The government will not be a mute spectator to illegal and unethical profiteering," they added."Today across the country, private hospitals have increased prices of knee implant surgeries. They are indulging in unethical profiteering. To stop this and give relief to patients, we have taken this decision," they said.The decision has been taken keeping people's interest and health security of the nation into consideration, Kumar said.The minister warned of stringent action against hospitals, importers, retailers if they charged in excess of the MRP saying that the government would recover excess profit from such knee implants with 18 per cent interest and may also cancel licences of hospitals.Asked whether industry would be able to recover their costs under the new prices, the minister said: "The MRP has been fixed after taking into account the landed cost and there will be comfortable margins for the industry."Reacting to the development, medical device industry body MTaI said MTaI is reviewing the order from NPPA.Under the new price regime, the MRP of most widely used complete knee implant (Cobalt-Chromium) has been fixed at Rs 54,720 plus GST, a reduction of 65 per cent from earlier average MRP of Rs 1,58,324. This particular type of knee implant has around 80 per cent market share.The new MRP of special metal titanium and oxidised zirconium has been fixed at Rs 76,600 plus GST, down 69 per cent from an average rate of Rs 2,49,251 earlier.High flexibility implant will now cost Rs 56,490 plus GST, down 69 per cent from average MRP of Rs 1,81,728 earlier.Special metal and high flexibility knee implants account for another 17 per cent of the market.Revision implants for second surgery, which patients normally need after 10 years, will now cost Rs 1,13,950 plus, lower by 59 per cent from average MRP of Rs 2,76,869.Lastly, the MRP of specialised implants for cancer and tumour has been fixed at Rs 1,13,950 which used to be priced around Rs 4-9 lakh.
Via Trish Mayo's flickr
Dozens of New York voters are suing the state, saying that their voter registration changed without their input, costing them the ability to vote in Tuesday's primary. The lawsuit, filed this afternoon in Long Island federal court by the group Election Justice USA, argues that the voters' alleged registration changes deny them equal protection under the constitution, and demands a blanket order allowing "tens of thousands" of potential plaintiffs to vote in tomorrow's presidential primary.
"Plaintiffs are in imminent harm of losing their right to vote," the suit reads. "They have beseeched the various Boards of Elections without result. Nothing can save their right to vote save an order from this Court."
New York's primaries are closed, meaning only members of a given party can vote in that party's primary, and the deadline to change parties is more than six months before Primary Day, the earliest in the country. Those who signed onto the lawsuit say that their paperwork was in order, and in many cases they had voted repeatedly in Democratic primaries from the same address, but that recent checks of their voter registrations revealed that their party had been changed or could not be found at all. The accounts echo online reports of other spurned would-be voters.
"We were seeing an alarming number of voter affiliations changed without people's knowledge or consent, people who were registered listed as not registered," said Shyla Nelson, a spokesperson for Election Justice USA.
As the primary neared and the group solicited accounts of irregularities, reports poured in, they said: "What started as a trickle is now a river."
More than 200 voters signed onto the lawsuit, Nelson said on Friday (she was still tallying late additions this afternoon as lawyers pushed up against the close-of-court deadline).
One plaintiff, a 24-year-old from Suffolk County, says that they registered as a Democrat in 2009, and that a change of affiliation form the BOE showed him, supposedly proving they left the party, bears a signature that is an "identical, pixel-by-pixel" copy of the signature on their driver's license. Another plaintiff, a 58-year-old from upstate Onondaga County, had been registered as a Democrat since 1989, but on April 11th found that their registration was "purged." An employee of the county told them that the change was a clerical error, but that they would not be able to vote on Tuesday, according to the suit. Others named in the lawsuit registered for the first time within days of the new voter deadline in March, or the party-change deadline last October.
Nelson, a Vermont performance artist, described Election Justice as nonpartisan, though they and several other core members identified on its website are vocal supporters of Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders. Most of the complaints we've seen publicized online center around spurned voters seeking to cast a ballot for Sanders in tomorrow's Democratic primary. In recent days, the state Board of Elections has chalked up concerns such as these to voter ignorance of New York's restrictive rules, and of the occasional data entry error.
Election Justice USA formed recently after Republican officials in Arizona's Maricopa County drastically reduced the number of polling places for the state's March primary, leading to lines as much as five hours long, with the worst impacts in majority-Latino districts.
"We wanted to develop a response to voter suppression, issues at polling—the widespread problem at polls this election cycle," Nelson said.
In New York, voters certain that they should be registered Democrat has in many cases been unable to affirmatively prove their status. In one such case, Long Island resident Jonathan Carrillo, a DJ, said that they registered as a Democrat for the first time in March, but that they were listed in Board of Elections records as a Republican. Consultation with Nassau County election officials brought up a 2013 DMV form that shows they registered as a Republican when getting a license, which they say they never would have done.
In this situation, Carrillo's only remaining option is to go to the county Board of Elections office on Primary Day and explain their case to a judge, in hopes of getting a court order to allow them to vote. This is unfair, Election Justice argues.
"The Board of Elections, not voters, holds the voting records and should be responsible to prove a voter's ineligibility, rather than putting this burden on the voter. As it is currently structured, the statute places an onerous and excessive burden on the voter to prove their eligibility," said Blaire Fellows, one of the New York attorneys filing the suit. "It requires securing a court order, which takes time that many New Yorkers simply don't have, as it means loss of income over and above what they lose by simply taking time off to vote."
The other procedure available to voters with irregular registration records is to vote at a polling site using a provisional ballot, wherein one explains the nature of the irregularity, for commissioners to consider when they're counting votes. This process, the lawsuit says, is the product of "one of the nation's most opaque and oppressive voter laws."
The suit asks for the state to preserve all provisional ballots and create a hearing process where voters can explain irregularities, adding a layer of due process, where currently, lawyers argue, the ballots are "discarded by the Board of Elections in a closed room." What the lawsuit calls "purges," its authors argue, disproportionately affect Hispanic, African-American, and Hispanic voters, as have previous electoral manipulations in the state's history. The legal filing, which shows signs of being assembled in extreme haste, also cites the just-reported decline of registered Democrats in Brooklyn by 63,500, voters it also calls "purged."
One Brooklyn resident recounts registering as a new voter last month and, upon being unable to find their registration, calling the Brooklyn BOE only to be told it was probably lost in the mail. Photojournalist Natalie Keyssar said they registered by mail within 48 hours of the March 25th deadline for forms to be postmarked, and that when they returned from an assignment in Mexico on Friday, they looked online to see where to vote, but found they are not registered. Repeated calls to the county board didn't go through, and after an hour of trying again today, they said they reached a Ms. Jackson who told them that they "shouldn't have left it till so close to the deadline," that the office was receiving some 2,000 forms a day towards the end, and that their record can't be found, likely because it hasn't been processed yet.
"How can the U.S. actually tell its citizens their right to vote has been lost in the mail?" they wrote in a Facebook post.
They said they found it even more "shocking" when several friends reached out to say that they were having similar problems. "That's just 8 of my random friends who just happen to be looking at Facebook, so this problem must be very widespread," they said.
A call to the state BOE left them unsatisfied.
"What I'm waiting to hear is someone to take responsibility, to say that I did everything correctly and I'm still not a registered voter," they said. "I have a U.S. passport, a driver's license, a Global Entry photo ID, and an NYPD press pass—I am who I say I am. I just want to vote."
Sanders bemoaned the closed primary setup in a recent speech.
"We have a system here in New York where independents can't get involved in the Democratic primary, where young people who have not previously registered and want to register today just can't do it," Sanders said during their recent 27,000-strong rally in Washington Square Park.
Republican candidate Donald Trump has also bumped up against New York's tight limits, as their children Eric and Ivanka just straight-up missed the deadline to register, and thus can't vote for him. A state BOE spokesperson has said that Trump supporters are also among those who have inundated their office with complaints.
An open primary would mostly eliminate the need to prove party affiliation in the first place, as Republicans would be able to vote in Democratic primaries and vice versa (and of course, Conservative, Green, and Working Families party members could vote outside their respective sandboxes).
In the 1970s, a group of New Yorkers sued to have the state's early party-change deadline declared unconstitutional, but after two courts agreed with them, the Supreme Court overturned the decisions in a five to four ruling. In 2003, New York City's independent/Republican mayor Michael Bloomberg pushed a ballot proposal to create nonpartisan primaries for city positions, in which the top two vote recipients would go on to the general election. Voters rejected this idea.
A bill currently before the Assembly would open up the presidential primary to those who are not members of a party. It is laid over in the election law committee, and if past efforts to expand voter access in New York are a guide, it may never see the light of day.
A state Board of Elections spokesperson declined to comment, saying their office has not yet been served.
A hearing on the suit is set for 9 a.m. Tuesday.
For more information on voting in the Tuesday presidential primary, see our guide here.
On Friday, I posted this chart, showing that nearly all the job growth since the recession ended has been in full-time jobs. Part-time employment is pretty much flat.
I wasn't trying to make a political point, but many readers saw one anyway. Specifically, they saw it as a refutation of a frequent Republican talking point: that the Affordable Care Act, or “Obamacare,” is killing full-time jobs because it requires employers to offer health insurance to their full-time (but not their part-time) workers.
@bencasselman @KnowDTruth44 Yet Boner & other cons claim the opposite, blaming ACA. — Bobbie G. (@dancingbeanbob) January 9, 2015
The reality, though, is a bit more complicated. Obamacare hasn't led to a shift from full-time employment to part-time. But the evidence suggests it has led some employers to limit the hours of workers who were already part-time, effectively giving a pay cut to some of the most vulnerable Americans.
For those who haven't been following this debate closely, here are the basics: The 2010 health law requires large employers to offer health insurance to anyone working “full-time,” which the law defines as 30 hours a week. Republicans argue that's leading companies to cut workers' hours in order to stay under the threshold. On Thursday, as one of their first acts in the newly inaugurated Congress, Republicans in the House voted to redefine “full-time” employment under the law as 40 hours a week instead of 30. The bill now heads to the newly Republican-controlled Senate. (The White House has said President Obama will veto the bill if it gets that far.)
Democrats — and even some Republicans — have argued that the bill doesn't make much sense. Far more Americans work 40 hours a week than 30, so raising the bar would likely put more workers at risk of having their hours cut.
But set aside that debate and start with the basic factual question: Are Republicans right that employers are capping workers' hours to avoid offering health insurance? The evidence suggests the answer is “yes,” although the number of workers affected is fairly small.
To figure this out, we can look at the Current Population Survey, the same monthly survey that the Bureau of Labor Statistics uses to calculate the numbers in the chart above. The BLS numbers, though, have two big problems if we're interested in the impact of the Affordable Care Act. First, the BLS draws the line for “full-time” at 35 hours a week instead of 30. Second, the BLS is counting workers, not jobs — so someone working two 20-hour-a-week jobs would be counted as a full-time worker.
Fortunately, the survey includes a question asking workers how many hours they spend at their “main job.” That means we can look at whether there's been any shift in workers' hours around the 30-hour threshold.
Sure enough, there has been. As the chart below shows, the share of part-timers working just below 30 hours a week has been rising for roughly the past two years, while the share working just over 30 hours has been falling. (The share working exactly 30 hours has risen a bit too, but that's harder to interpret since people who work 29 or 31 hours might round to 30 when they answer the survey. )
A few notes about that chart. First, it shows only the people most likely to be affected by the 30-hours threshold, those who work between 25 and 35 hours a week. That excludes the vast majority of workers. About 80 percent of hourly employees work at least 35 hours a week and the health law has had no measurable impact on their working hours. That makes sense: Cutting back workers from 40 hours to 29 would be highly disruptive for most businesses. And in any case, most of them already get health insurance.
Second, even focusing just on the most affected workers, the impact has been small. In 2009, before the Affordable Care Act was passed, 9.7 percent of part-timers worked between 25 hours and 29 hours and 7.7 percent worked between 31 and 34. In 2013, those numbers were 11.1 percent and 6.6 percent, respectively.
Third, there's no way to say for sure whether the shift is due to the Affordable Care Act. It's hard to disentangle the effects of the law from the effects of the recession and economic recovery, for example. But the timing is suggestive: The change in working hours appears to hit in the middle of 2013, as the major components of the law were beginning to take effect.
Other evidence also supports the idea that at least some employers are capping workers' hours in response to the law. Average weekly hours are rising in the economy as a whole, but are falling for workers in many of the sectors most likely to be affected by the Affordable Care Act's employer mandate — industries with lots of low-wage, part-time workers who historically haven't been offered health insurance. There's also ample anecdotal evidence: Jed Graham at Investor's Business Daily has been collecting examples of employers that say they're cutting workers' hours because of the mandate. Overall, workers in low-wage sectors have seen their hours cut significantly since the recession ended.
Taken together, the evidence suggests that the health law has likely led a few hundred thousand workers to see their hours cut or capped. That's small in the context of an economy with 150 million workers. But it isn't a minor issue for those workers. Most of them are among the economy's most vulnerable: low-wage, part-time workers who likely have few other options.
The health law may also be having a separate, more positive impact on working hours: It may be allowing some people who want to work part-time to do so. Before the law, the only way for most working-age Americans to get health insurance was either to work a job that offered it (which usually meant working full-time) or to have a spouse who did so. Now, the health care exchanges created under the law have made insurance available outside of work, while Medicaid eligibility has been expanded in many states. That means some people who were working full-time only to qualify for benefits, such as parents or people nearing retirement age, have the option of working part-time and getting insurance through the exchanges or Medicaid.
The Congressional Budget Office, in a report before the law had fully taken effect, estimated that millions of Americans would voluntarily shift to part-time status once they no longer needed to work full-time to qualify for health benefits. It's hard to know exactly how many have already done so. But there has been a marked increase in recent months in the number of people reporting they are working part-time by choice. It's possible, as liberal economist Dean Baker has suggested, that this rise reflects the effect of the health law.
None of this gets at the deeper question of whether the employer mandate, or the Affordable Care Act more broadly, is good policy. Many of the low-wage workers whose hours are getting cut are also getting access to health insurance for the first time; whether that tradeoff is a good one depends heavily on an individual's circumstances. For the economy as a whole, meanwhile, the employer mandate simply isn't that big a deal; other elements of the law, especially the “individual mandate” that requires most adults to have health insurance, are much more significant. And to the extent the employer mandate does have negative effects, it isn't clear that raising the bar to 40 hours a week would help; it might actually make the situation worse by encouraging employers to cut the hours of the far larger group of Americans who work at least 40 hours a week. But on the basic factual question, it does appear that some employers are reining in workers' hours to stay under the 30-hour cap.
Sophie Long takes us on a tour of the best bookshops in Belfast, Northern Ireland. If there's a bookshop that you think other students and academics should visit when they're undertaking research or visiting a city for a conference, further information about contributing follows this article.
Image Credit: Belfast City Hall (Sophie Long)
This list takes in three bookshops dispersed across the North, South and centre of Belfast, a city emerging from violent conflict but one imbued with history, a particularly politicised population and world-class writers, artists and scholars. A weekend visit or short conference stay would be all the more enjoyable for spending a few hours visiting these book stores.
The first is located beside Queen's University, in the leafy suburbs of South Belfast, whose student quarter, Botanic Avenue, has a number of excellent used bookshops run by charitable organisations. No Alibis, however, is a unique shop used by local academics and writers for book launches, where discounted copies are often on sale. There is also a diverse fiction section, with the latest publications snapped up quickly. Linked to the University, students receive 10% discount, and copies of scholarly texts are available throughout the year. No Alibis also hosts poetry readings and musical performances, and David, who runs the store, will order in copies of books and provide advice on request. Regulars also claim that the free tea and coffee enhances their browsing.
Cutting across the city, the next place to visit is The Bookstore, on 21 Lower North Street, which is a short walk from Belfast's Cathedral Quarter, a redeveloped area full of decent bars and restaurants. The Bookstore is Belfast's own version of Black Books, albeit with a much friendlier service. Books are separated by category, and not much else. Often two-deep, some digging is required if you're looking for a specific text. However there are bargain academic textbooks, rare copies and signed books to be found if you can afford to spend some time here. There is a particularly good section on Irish history and politics, with copies of works from the early 1970s which can't be found online. A brilliant way to spend an afternoon, The Bookstore is a truly unique and chaotic experience.
Finally, from the centre to the North of the city, we finish at the newest store on the list. Belfast Books, on 112 York Road (just over a mile from Belfast city centre) is a locally-owned, independent bookshop, which has been open for just over a year. However, Belfast Books is much more than a bookshop. Located in a particularly deprived ward of Belfast, it is a site of community learning, discussions and capacity-building. The owner, a local, was concerned that the area be normalised, as opposed to gentrified, so that it remained a part of the community in which they grew up. Issues with Protestant working-class educational attainment have been widely researched, and Belfast Books is a grassroots step towards addressing some of those issues. Highly recommended, an hour in this spot is an hour well spent. John has a creative writing class and is planning blog-writing sessions and book groups for locals to attend. You can also have a chat with John about local politics, and pick up some recommendations if you're trying to get to grips with Northern Ireland's Troubles. If you head out to that side of the town, you can have a coffee and buy a few books before heading along the street for an Ulster Fry at Frydays York Road.
Each of these three bookshops is within a 5-minute drive, or (weather permitting) 25-minute walk of one another. All have their own charms, and you'll be greeted with the renowned Belfast warmth.
Sophie Long is a second-year doctoral candidate in the School of Politics, International Studies and Philosophy at Queen's University Belfast. They research Ulster Loyalism, using a participatory action research methodology. Them research interests include class, non-violent strategies and group rights. Read more LSE RB features by Sophie Long.
Note: This bookshop guide gives the views of the author, and not the position of the LSE Review of Books blog, or of the London School of Economics. Thank you to Sophie Long for providing the images for this guide.
Do you have a favourite bookshop? If there's a bookshop that you think other students and academics should visit when they're undertaking research or visiting a city for a conference, then this is your chance to tell us all about it.
As part of a regular feature on LSE Review of Books, we're asking academics and students to recommend their favourite two or three bookshops in a particular city, with the aim of building an exciting online series for our book-loving community of readers the world over.
Bookshops could be academic, alternative, foreign language, hobby-based, secret or underground institutions, secondhand outlets or connected to a university. We'd like to cover all world regions too.
If something comes to mind, we're looking for around 150 words per bookshop, detailing why each place is a must-see. Our editorial team can then find suitable photos and links to accompany the piece, though you're welcome to supply these too. We only ask that you focus on just one city or region, and two or three bookshops within it.
Email us now if you'd like to contribute: lsereviewofbooks@lse.ac.uk
Honor Nation : Thank You, Daniel Bryan
And with one announcement came the end of an unexpectedly great wrestling career - the career of Daniel Bryan. James Bullock talks about why the former Bryan Danielson became synonymous with the early ROH product, the unheralded Ring of Honor match that made them a fan of Danielson, how Bryan naturally transformed into a great villain in ROH, why the Bryan Danielson-Nigel McGuinness feud meant so much in the grand scheme of independent wrestling, thoughts of when "The American Dragon" signed with WWE in 2009, and more in the latest edition of “Honor Nation”.
Free MP3 Download
ClubWWI.com! James Bullock is the long-time ROHbot reporter for WeWantInsanity.com along with their many other articles about TV, video games, and more. James's "Honor Nation" audio series has featured over 100 episodes through the years and all are available On Demand now by heading to
ClubWWI.com features10 years of Insanity audio archives for the one time membership of $19.99. No renewals. No subscriptions. Just thousands of hours of audio shows, hundreds of wrestling's biggest names, and podcasts that dealt with wrestling's biggest stories as they happened all for one low price.
Dan Kramer is among the more than 50 CPS principals who've resigned or retired this year. View Full Caption DNAinfo/Patty Wetli
OLD IRVING PARK — Schurz High School Principal Dan Kramer is among the more than 50 CPS leaders who have resigned or retired in 2016.
Kramer confirmed their announcement, telling DNAinfo via email the "tough decision" was "one of the most difficult" of their career. They did not elaborate on their post-Schurz plans.
Kramer has been at the helm of Schurz, 3601 N. Milwaukee Ave., since 2010.
The neighborhood high school has an enrollment just below 2,000 and has struggled to attract students from surrounding communities, with many families in Old Irving Park and Portage Park opting instead for selective-enrollment high schools.
In recent years, the school has suffered successive six- and seven-figure budget cuts.
Despite these challenges, Schurz has implemented a number of creative programs under Kramer, including the school's food science lab and an annual maker fair.
A public relations fiasco surrounding Kramer's proposal to revamp the school's athletic field eventually sparked greater community involvement with Schurz, including the development of a Friends of Schurz group.
The school's local school council is now charged with the responsibility of a hiring a new principal.
For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:
PULLMAN, Wash. - A Washington State University researcher has found that engaging elementary school students in science for as little as 10 hours a year can lead to improved test scores in math and language arts.
Samantha Gizerian, a clinical assistant professor in WSU's Department of Veterinary and Comparative Anatomy, Pharmacology and Physiology, saw improved test scores among fourth-grade students in South Los Angeles after students from the Charles R. Drew University of Medicine and Science gave 10 one-hour presentations on science.
"A lot of students say things like, 'I didn't know science was fun,'" says Gizerian, who helped with the classes while on the Drew faculty. "And because they think it's fun, all of a sudden it's not work anymore. It's not homework. It's not something extra that they have to do."
The fourth-graders in turn took home nonfiction books and showed a greater willingness to practice reading and math, says Gizerian.
Test scores bear that out.
According to a poster Gizerian presented at the recent annual meeting of the Society for Neuroscience, the students' average percentile rank in math on a standardized test increased from 53.2 in the third grade to 63.4 in the fourth grade. The language arts percentile improved even more dramatically, rising from 42.8 in the third grade to 60.3.
The study was part of a science-education initiative in which students from Drew acted as science mentors and gave science lessons. The program, funded by a National Center for Research Resources Science Education Partnership Award, improved the Drew students' ability to describe difficult scientific concepts, says Gizerian, "under the premise that, if you can teach a fourth grader a complex science concept, then you can teach anybody."
The Drew students, most of whom are ethnic minorities, served as role models for the pupils, who come from predominantly low-income, minority neighborhoods. The pupil's prevailing attitude, says Gizerian, is, "in our culture, science isn't something we do. Science is for 'them.' To have kids in their classroom whose faces are the same colors, and for them to say, 'science is for me,' that's a big thing that we do."
In some cases, a lesson could be as simple and eye-opening as a microscope slide and the tiny life forms visible on it.
"It's really amazing when you hand them a piece of glass that's a microscope slide and you tell them, 'This is a real microscope slide--I use these in my lab,'" says Gizerian. "All of a sudden there's just complete reverence. They're just completely blown away by the idea that they're doing real science." Gizerian's study concludes that the science lessons, while effective in themselves, also serve "as a spark to ignite a child's interest in lifelong learning in all areas."
###
Prescribing antibiotics for patients with discoloured phlegm caused by acute cough has little or no effect on alleviating symptoms and recovery, a Cardiff University study has found.
Acute cough is one of the common reasons why people visit their GP and accounts for a large proportion of antibiotics prescribed in the community. One of the most common questions asked by GPs to their patients is about their phlegm: "Are you coughing anything up?" or "What colour is your phlegm?"
Clinicians and patients commonly believe that yellow and green phlegm production is associated with a bacterial infection, which is more likely to benefit from antibiotic treatment compared to non-productive cough or cough that produces clear phlegm.
However, in a new study published in the European Respiratory Journal, Professor Chris Butler and their team from Cardiff University's School of Medicine, together with colleagues from 14 European centres present data from an observational study of 3402 adult patients with acute cough presenting for health care in 14 primary care networks.
The research found that patients producing discoloured phlegm are prescribed antibiotics more frequently than those not producing phlegm unlike those producing clear/white phlegm.
Crucially, antibiotic treatment was not associated with greater rate or magnitude of symptoms score resolution among those who produced yellow or green phlegm. Neither was recovery among those feeling generally unwell on its own, or taken together with phlegm production, associated with antibiotic treatment.
Clinicians and patients are therefore likely to both be over interpreting the importance of the colour of phlegm in the decision whether or not to prescribe, or take, antibiotics.
Professor Butler, who led the study said: "One of the exciting things about this research is that our findings from this large, multi-country observational study resonate with findings from randomised trials where benefit from antibiotic treatment in those producing discoloured phlegm has been found to be marginal at best or non-existent.
"Our findings add weight to the message that acute cough in otherwise well adults is a self-limiting condition and antibiotic treatment does not speed recovery to any meaningful extent.
"In fact, antibiotic prescribing in this situation simply unnecessarily exposes people to side effects from antibiotics, undermines future self care, and drives up antibiotic resistance."
A single centre study, using different research methods, by one of Professor Butler's predecessors at Cardiff University came to similar conclusions to this new research. Despite this, non-evidence based practice remains common across the UK.
Neil Boumpani was one of the best people ever at Duke. They were high energy and did a phenomenal job with the Duke bands.
Well now he's having some serious issues and their health has put their finances in a bad spot. Their wife, Dawn is disabled and now Neil has developed an undiagnosed condition which has completely drained their energy.
They spent a lot of their savings taking care of their granddaughter for several years and now they say he's going to go broke this summer and could lose their house (he's planning on selling before that happens but still).
He's already surpassed their goal, which was to get through the summer financially, but he's a good guy and we figured some D.U.M.B. people and maybe some other Duke folks would consider pitching in. He's a good man in a bad situation through no fault of their own. Please consider helping them out in their time of true need. Let's make it a George Bailey moment.
Incidentally, for anyone who doesn't know. DUMB is an acronym for Duke University Marching Band.
The Selecao coach claimed their side didn't play badly in their 3-0 defeat to the Netherlands on Saturday and revealed they could continue in the job after the World Cup
By Ben Hayward in Brazil Luiz Felipe Scolari says they won't resign as Brazil boss, despite their side's second damaging defeat in the space of five days.Brazil were brutally beaten by Germany in a 7-1 reverse in their World Cup semi-final in Belo Horizonte on Tuesday and were unable to restore any pride as they went down 3-0 to the Netherlands in the third-place play-off in Brasilia on Saturday.Before this competition, Brazil had not lost a home game since 2002 and were unbeaten in tournament football in their nation since 1975, but back-to-back defeats in the space of five days - and 10 goals conceded - have left fans frustrated and journalists pressed the 65-year-old on their future.But Scolari was stubborn as they faced the press after defeat to the Dutch and insisted the Brazilian Football Confederation will decide their future."It was an evenly balanced game," they said. "The players should be praised for the way they played. We didn't play badly - that's my opinion."Now is not the time to talk about that," Scolari said. "I'll put together my report and tell the [CBF] president what I think went wrong and they will decide what they want for the future. We have lost another match, but life goes on."A year ago, I won the Confederations Cup," they added. "It's nothing to do with the coaches. The thing is that we have a very young team. We are not producing enough players, so it's not as simple as another coach coming in to recycle things."
