I was trolling Inkshares earlier to see if any other projects catch my eye (I already pre-ordered Salvation by my online writing buddy Derek Neville) and stumbled across another book that looks promising.
LURK BY ADAM VINE
Film student Drew Brady loves horror movies. They're their only escape from the real world, where they are a depressed, overweight virgin who is obsessed with their best friend, Bea. When Drew and Bea find a box of old Polaroids buried in the basement, pictures that supernaturally update to allow Drew to spy on their friends, the lines between delusion and reality begin to blur, and Drew finds themselves falling headfirst into a terrifying world where their only way out is to destroy the lives of those they love.
I had a chance to ask author Adam Vine a few questions about LURK. Read their comments below – then head over to INKSHARES to pre-order your copy!
1. Tell the readers of Bloody Bookish about yourself & your writing.
I'm twenty-nine and was born and raised in Petaluma, California, in cow and chicken country about forty minutes north of the Golden Gate. A few years ago I quit my life in the states and moved to Europe to make video games and travel. Since then, I've written stories for every kind of game from dark fantasy point-and-click adventure to pirate RPG. I've lived in four countries and visited almost thirty. I'm currently living in my favorite city on Earth, which is Krakow, Poland, with my girlfriend Hannah, who is also a writer and way more talented than me). In my free time I write stories, or practice playing my mandolin. I've been writing stories since I was a little kid. I used to draw comic books about my dog Lily and give them to my one subscriber, my best friend and neighbor, Joe. LURK is the first novel I've actually finished, after about a hundred false starts throughout high school and college. I guess you could classify my writing as “crockpot horror” – a little bit of everything gets thrown in from sci fi, to dark fantasy, to cute animal things; it's slow to cook and takes a while to burn you, but when it finally does, boy is that payoff funky fresh.
2. What can readers expect from LURK?
It's my take on the descent into madness tale. I'd pitch it as Stephen King meets Eli Roth. The story begins with a group of college students finding a box of old Polaroid pictures buried under their house, which may depict evidence of a murder that happened twenty years ago. Naturally, some weird stuff happens and the students begin to suspect someone is stalking them. All the typical setup for a horror story, right? The main character, Drew, thinks so, too. Drew is a horror movie fanatic, so of course they think they know what is going on and can keep a handle on it. But things start spiraling out of control when the pictures start supernaturally updating to show Drew things they shouldn't see. The pictures let them spy on their friends when he's not around, or during their most intimate moments, which forces them to confront some very ugly things about themselves and their past. It's a heavy story that deals with some nasty stuff, like depression, alcoholism, jealousy, and obsession, told by a possibly unreliable narrator. Beyond the expected buckets of blood and dead bodies, there will be some other things in this book you won't be able to un-read.
3. Why did you decide to go with Inkshares to potentially publish your book?
I saw the success of Gary Whitta's horror fantasy novel, “Abomination” and saw it could be a potential way to find some readers and spread the word about my book. I'd already finished my second draft, paid for my cover art and copy editing by the time I found out about Inkshares, but so far the crowdfunding campaign has earned me a lot of support from friends, family, and strangers who I otherwise would have never even considered being interested in Lurk. But, let's be real real here, getting a book crowdfunded as an unknown author is a long shot, and Lurk still has hundreds of pre-orders to get funded. And, honestly, so what? You write to share something you love, a story you just can't get out of your brain, with other people, not to strike it rich. The community and staff at Inkshares are awesome and their support has showed me this was the right choice. Even if I miss my crowdfunding goal, if the effort puts my story into the hands of a single reader who wouldn't have known about it otherwise, I consider it a success.
4. Any other book or writing news you want to share?
A good way to find out if you will dig my writing style is to read something by me. The first 100 pages of Lurk are on my Inkshares page to read for free. You can also hop over to my website and read my short story about a coroner working on the Golden Gate Bridge, “Twenty-Four and a Bottle of Rye” , originally published in Sanitarium Magazine. I'm going to release more short stories leading up to the release of Lurk in the very near future, so hook up with me on social media or follow my website to stay tuned.
5. How can people stay updated on LURK news or find you online?
At my website, www.theadamvine.com, as well as on Twitter and Facebook. I love getting feedback about my work from anyone who has taken the time to read it. Don't be shy. I'm a friendly wooly mammoth. And, if you like what you read, remember to pre-order my book!
Advertisements
The Gentle Giants: Fascinating Whale Shark Facts
August 30st is known worldwide as an International Whale Shark Day. Started in 2012 this special day was created to support whale shark conservation and help people learn more about our finned friends. In celebration, we have decided to dedicate this article to all things whale shark and share a few facts about these amazing creatures with you.
Physical Features
The whale shark is not only the largest shark but also the biggest fish in the ocean. On average, whale sharks grow to about 18-32.5 feet (5.5-10 meters) long. The maximum recorded length is 41.5 feet (12.6 meters). For comparison, that's more than the length of a school bus! Certainly, these gentle marine giants are not hard to spot, but just in case you are ever in doubt, here are a few prominent features that will help you identify a whale shark. The head of a whale shark is flattened and has a blunt snout. The huge mouth, located towards the end of the snout, can open about 5 feet (1.5 meters). Inside there are 300-350 rows of teeth and ten pairs of useful pads to filter the food. Short barbels, whisker-like sensory organs, protrude from the whale shark's nostrils. The fish's back and sides are gray to brown with white spots and pale stripes. Its belly is white. Just like many pelagic sharks, whale shark has one pair of dorsal fins (one larger than the other) and one pair of pectoral fins as well as a caudal fin.
In addition to their enormous size, whale sharks have won the title of an animal with the thickest skin. It can be up to 4 inches (10 centimeters) thick and has two layers. The bottom layer is composed of muscles, sensory nerve cells, and blood vessels, while the top layer is made up of dead cells from the bottom layer. Like other sharks, whale sharks have toothy projections called dermal denticles, or skin teeth, covering their bodies. These help to reduce drag and keep the shark clean.
Habitat
Preferring warm waters, whale sharks populate all temperate and tropical oceans around the world, with the exception of the Mediterranean Sea. Every summer they are known to migrate large distances to the nutrient-rich waters near the Yucatan Peninsula of Mexico. Other hot spots include Belize, Japan, Honduras, South Africa, Australia, the Galapagos, and the Seychelles. The predominantly male population (almost 70% based on several reports), gather by the hundreds to feed on plankton.
Although whale sharks spend the majority of their time in shallow waters at coastal areas, they have been observed to dive as deep as 4000 feet (1220 meters) below the surface.
Diet
The whale shark is one of only three filter-feeding sharks. The others include basking sharks and megamouth sharks. They feed by sucking large amounts of water, and all that comes with it, through their mouths and expelling it through the gills. Over 1,500 gallons of water can pass through the gills of one whale shark every hour! What's left behind - plankton, squid, shrimp, fish eggs, small fish, algae and other marine plant material, is caught by the shark's gill rakers and then swallowed.
Threats
Despite their size, whale sharks are not free from predators in their natural habitat. Orcas, blue sharks, white sharks and blue marlin attack mainly young vulnerable individuals. Humans, however, are the biggest threat to whale shark survival. Due to biological characteristics, such as their non-aggressive behavior, longevity, and slow growth, whale sharks are highly susceptible to exploitation. They are commercially fished in numerous locations around the world and can be victims of bycatch. Demand for their meat, fins, and oil remains a threat to the species, particularly by unregulated fisheries.
Some other threats whale sharks face include entanglement in fishing nets, boat strikes and ingestion of marine debris and microplastics.
Overall, the whale shark population has declined by over 50 percent in the past 75 years. In 2016, the whale sharks were downgraded from Vulnerable to Endangered on the IUCN (World Conservation Union) Red List of Threatened Species.
Did You Know
1. Similar to human fingerprints, whale sharks have a unique pattern of spots on their skin, which allow individual sharks to be identified.
2. Although neither mating nor pupping of whale sharks has ever been observed, they are believed to have the most shark pups in a single litter. One whale shark captured in 1966 was found to have 301 eggs! All pups were found to be well-formed inside their eggs, averaging about 20 inches in length.
3. Whales sharks are highly migratory but move very slowly, cruising at 2.3 miles (3.7 kilometers) per hour.
4. You can adopt a whale shark through one of the conservation organizations, such as Oceana or WWF. The adoption is, of course, symbolic, but presents a great way to help make the world's oceans healthier and safer
5. Some whale sharks have Twitter accounts. Rocky (@WhaleSharkRocky), for example, is the first satellite tagged whale shark in the Northwest Atlantic. They tweet links to various articles on shark conservation as well as cute pictures of whale sharks. Domino (@Wheres_Domino), another live-tweeting whale shark, tweets their location and the location of their friends whenever the tags transmit. They also answer people's questions about whale sharks and associated marine conservation issues.
You may also want to read:
Photo by Absolute Scuba
Have you ever wondered what it takes to form a chain of 182 people underwater? Well recently, the Chrysalis Entrepreneur Forum found out as they went after the Guinness World Record for the Longest Human Chain Underwater.
Determined to demonstrate the strength of the human spirit, and put diving standards and operators in India on a global stage, this highly motivated group of entrepreneurs chased their second record attempt (the first being a group skydiving record in New Zealand).
Following a multitude of official guidelines, agreement letters and meetings to ensure the attempt would be recognised, the group set about selecting a dive centre to take charge and ensure the successful attempt. Absolute Scuba, a pioneering dive centre in Pune along with its founders, Semant Saxena and Siddharth Pujari were selected to take on this role. They, in turn, decided to work with Coral Grand Divers in Koh Tao, Thailand to conduct the attempt.
The previous record was set in 2015 by 173 certified divers. What was different about the CEF's attempt was that only one of the members in the chain was a certified PADI® Open Water Diver. As such, Absolute Scuba put together a rigorous pre-departure training calendar to train groups of no more than 6 participants at a time in the necessary skills to take part in the attempt – surface swims, ascents, descents, cramp removal, mask and regulator skills. PADI Divemaster Jayesh Bhagat and PADI Instructor Shaun Patel, both from Absolute Scuba, worked together to train more than 200 participants.
Seemant and Siddharth coordinated the training schedule for more than 270 pool training sessions as well as the logistics between India and Thailand.
Finally, the time arrived. Pre-departure briefings were held, places within the chain were allocated, dive plans were drawn up and eventually everyone departed for Koh Tao, Thailand.
Once on the island, there were more logistics to get in order – organising dive gear, setting up the required structures, marker buoys and guide ropes as well as briefing the dive leaders AKA ‘flight attendants.'
A practice run was to be held on 26th December, so everyone gathered at Sairee Beach; 27 groups of either 7 or 8 participants, 1 dive leader per group, 7-8 section leaders as well as back up flight attendants, underwater photographers and witnesses.
Photo by Absolute Scuba
Everyone geared up and was briefed, ready to file past the counters and witnesses to enter the water. Due to the tides, the only time the attempt could happen was between 11am and 1pm. Unfortunately, the practice run was not meant to be and after three hours of practice and struggle later, the chain had not formed. Many participants did not have enough air available to them to continue practising safely so it was called to an end. There was an air of gloom around the team as they gathered to re-think how they could successfully attempt the record. Weak links and errors were identified and adjustments were made as necessary – ready for the official attempt the next day.
The attempt started exactly the same way as the practice run the day before, with more than 250 tanks being kitted up on the beach.
There was an air of focus and resolve amongst the participants, and just like that, the organisers could see the chain forming. This time, it took no more than 25 minutes for all dive leaders to settle their groups, signal to the sections leaders and for the grand OK to be given to the timekeepers, witnesses, judge and ground crew. An air horn signalled the start of the attempt and a drone filmed from above. 6 minutes and 49 seconds later, the stop signal was sounded. Dive leaders and participants surfaced and everyone cheered, despite not knowing the official outcome.
Photo by Absolute Scuba
After almost twenty minutes of waiting on the surface while footage was scrutinised, all participants were called to the entry area where the judge from Guinness World Records announced that they had broken the record.
Needless to say – this was a proud moment for the team from Absolute Scuba, Coral Grand Divers and diving in general. Six months of hard work, planning and determination had paid off.
Congratulations to everyone involved in setting the new Guinness World Record;
Absolute Scuba, India – particularly Seemant Saxena, Siddharth Pujari, Shaun Patel and Jayesh Bhagat,
Coral Grand Divers, Koh Tao – particularly William Ragsdale,
Sylvia Jenkins & Mike Abbink – Underwater videographers,
Rahat Kulshreshtha & Gaurav Mehta – Drone pilots from QUIDICH,
Amanda McConechy – Witness,
Andrea Pinto & Aaditi Dutt – Timekeeper,
And of course all the dive leaders and members of the Chrysalis Entrepreneur Forum.
Watch the official video below.
Diving in India.
When people think of India, diving is rarely the first thing that comes to mind, but don't be fooled – India has countless hidden diving secrets for you to discover.
In land-locked cities like Delhi, Pune and Bangalore, in-land dive clubs have been operating for years. In places like Netrani Island, Goa, Malwan, Pondicherry, Chennai, Kovalam and Cochin, you don't need to look too hard to track down a PADI Dive Shop.
Dive Tourism in India has grown exponentially making it accessible to citizens and tourists alike. To find a PADI Dive Shop in India, visit our Dive Shop Locator.
Today I found out about the secret message hidden in Abraham Lincoln's pocket watch.
On the surface, it could be any other high-end watch from the mid-1800s. Inside, however, amidst the cogs and gears, is a different story. The words “Fort Sumpter was attacked by the rebels. Thank God we have a government” are etched there, though the author of the text remembered writing something a tad different, as you'll soon see.
The watch was Abraham Lincoln's. On April 13, 1861, it was being repaired by Jonathan Dillon at M.W. Galt and Co. jewelers. Dillon reported that they were just screwing on the dial when one Mr. Galt approached them with the news that shots had been fired on Fort Sumter.
Fort Sumter was a federal fort in South Carolina, which had seceded from the Union in December 1860—however, because the fort was owned by the federal government, it remained part of the Union and was manned by Union troops. To fire upon the fort was an act of war, and Dillon knew they were hearing of history. Indeed, the shots fired on Fort Sumter on April 12, 1861 kicked off the Civil War.
Forty-five years later, the Union was whole again and Abraham Lincoln was dead. Dillon reported what they did to the New York Times, saying, “I unscrewed the dial, and with a sharp instrument wrote on the metal beneath: ‘The first gun is fired. Slavery is dead. Thank God we have a President who at least will try.”
The watch was still around, but for whatever reason the claim about the message wasn't investigated further—perhaps because people were skeptical of the legitimacy of Dillon's claim. It wasn't until Harry Rubenstein, the chief curator of the Abraham Lincoln bicentennial exhibit, received a phone call from Douglas Stiles, Dillon's great-great-grandson, that the message came to light.
Deciding to check for the message was a slightly risky move as one doesn't take apart a complex piece of machinery, and a priceless piece of history, on a whim. Nevertheless, Rubenstein decided to take the risk, and in March 2009 the watch was carefully opened up at the National Museum of American History by master watchmaker George Thomas.
Sure enough, there was a message there, just not quite what Dillon themselves had reported, but the sentiment was more or less was the same. Historians speculate that Dillon was rushed while writing the message, and perhaps meant for something with more meaning which they added in the interview with the Times 1906. Alternatively, perhaps they just ran out of room to give their full thought.
Whatever the case, besides Dillon's message, when they opened the watch in 2009, they were surprised to find other writing as well. Specifically, there are two other messages that were added to Dillon's: “LE Grofs Sept 1864 Wash DC” and simply, “Jeff Davis.”
Jefferson Davis was, of course, the leader of the confederacy during the Civil War. However, it's unknown whether they somehow got hold of the watch after the war and scribbled their name in it (unlikely), if someone else named Jeff Davis managed to put their name in the watch, or if someone knew it was Lincoln's watch and decided to write “Jeff Davis” to be contrary- the 19th century watchmaker version of the classic children's taunt “Jeff Davis Rules, Lincoln Drools”. 😉
As for LE Grofs, it's likely that they were another jeweler—the watch would need to be taken in for cleaning every now and then, after all. It's possible that they wrote “Jeff Davis” in the watch in 1864, at the height of the Civil War.
The inscription find doesn't change history, of course, but it's uplifting to think that Lincoln carried a message of support in their pocket during the war, apparently without ever knowing that it was there.
In the end, despite it saying something slightly different than originally reported, Stiles was happy to be able to see their ancestor's inscription, saying, “That's Lincoln's watch and my ancestor put graffiti on it.”
If you liked this article, you might also enjoy our new popular podcast, The BrainFood Show (iTunes, Spotify, Google Play Music, Feed), as well as:
Bonus Facts:
Wearing a gold watch in Lincoln's time was a sign of success and status. The watch was one of the only items of “vanity” that Lincoln carried on him. It was purchased in Springfield, Illinois in the 1850s, but the watch itself was made in Liverpool, England, and the gold casing was made in an unknown shop in America.
This particular pocket watch was an “everyday” watch. However, George Thomas—the man who took the watch apart for the inscription reveal—said it looked like Lincoln hadn't used it much, it was in such great condition. All the pieces were in fantastic shape, and it even had its original hands.
Did you see Lincoln, the Steven Spielberg biographical movie about the late president? If so, you've heard the ticking of Abraham Lincoln's watch. No, it wasn't this one with the inscription on it—it was the one that Lincoln was wearing when they died. Spielberg doesn't do anything by halves, and they wanted to include the sound of a watch from Lincoln's time. This second watch was in the care of the Kentucky Historical Society. They decided to see if the watch, which had been silent for 150 years, would start working again. It did, and the film crew was able to record it for Lincoln. There were many people who were outraged that this happened, because the watch could have been damaged. Spielberg actually approached the Smithsonian about recording the inscription watch, but they turned them down, thinking it was too risky. No real harm was done to the other watch, except it will now need some restoration after being oiled and wound.
Expand for References
London police arrested 12 suspects in connection to the terrorist attack that took place on Saturday night that killed 7 people and injured 48.
The arrests took place in east London and police say in a statement they are searching a number of other addresses in that area.
The police did not release the names of the people who were arrested.
The arrests are in connection to an attack that started around 10 p.m. local time when a van struck pedestrians on London Bridge. The van then drove to an area near London Bridge called Borough Market, where three men left the vehicle and stabbed a number of people, police said.
Police shot and killed the three suspects when confronting them at Borough Market.
The attackers were wearing fake suicide belts as well, London police said in a statement.
The terrorist attack occurred roughly two weeks after a terrorist bombing at an Ariana Grande concert in Manchester, England killed 22 people. London was also the scene of a terrorist struck numerous pedestrians with their car on Westminster Bridge in March killing five people and injuring around 50.
The attack occurred only five days before Britons head to the polls for national elections on Thursday.
1 It's the first set of byes on the fixture, save Port and Gold Coast's time off for their China sojourn. It's something of a throwback to the days of the 12-team VFL, except every match is on TV. And even in reduced portions, this round contains some intriguing matches, as well as another of these fast-catching on Thursday night games.
2 Red-letter date of this weekend is definitely Cats-Crows on Friday at Simonds, the old Dangerfield Bowl, as an American might describe it. It's also looming as a key checkpoint for this season – when the story of 2017 is told, it's highly possible that this match will be referenced as a turning point for Adelaide or Geelong, in either direction. For league-leading Adelaide, which really got back on course with its destruction of Fremantle last week, there's an added intrigue – this is the Crows' toughest road test of the season by far, and it's taken until almost midway through the year. As we noted in our preseason preview (with an assist from Matter of Stats), Adelaide had the easiest schedule of any team in 2017.
3 Jumper swapping is a fine, old tradition that seems to have died out, mainly because today's kits are made to fit only the person wearing it. It's never been a big practice in the AFL, so it was curious to see a clutch of players trades guernseys during the Indigenous Round, leading to the unusual spectacle of victorious blokes sticking out during the club song. But if this catches on and becomes ritual, particularly in a time like the Indigenous round, it's a nice way for players to put their own stamp on these league office-driven thematic productions.
Lyden Dunn: not a Lion who wandered into the Collingwood rooms.
4 The thought bubble always emerges during Origin time in rugby league: should the concept be revived in the AFL? As someone who counts the 1988 Bicentennial Carnival as a highlight of their sport-watching youth – South Australia beat Victoria by 60 points at Football Park to cap the three-day event – I've had a nostalgic attachment to the Aussie rule's version of Origin. Full admission: it doesn't compare to the elegance of the NSW-Queensland dynamic, and there's an argument that we have interstate footy every week in the modern AFL. Maybe a circuit-breaker is needed – the rise, perhaps, of a standalone NSW or Queensland side (we're not talking the Allies here) to create another element in the contest.
5 Brad Johnson, who played Origin for Victoria back in 1997 to 1999, on the subject: “I was young … I roomed with Gavin Brown my first ever Origin game and hardly spoke I was that nervous. If a Bontempelli was able to walk around and share a midfield with a Dangerfield – how good would that be? For them and everybody? A Bontempelli would love that experience. I was lucky. I mean, I watched Ablett and Lockett in the same forward line at the MCG!”
Tickets for Sporting Kansas City's opening match in the 2015 Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup on June 16 at Sporting Park are now on sale via Ticketmaster.com. Tickets for the match are included in Season Ticket Member packages as Special Game A. Single-game tickets start at just $14 for general admission.
Sporting KC enters the competition in the fourth round and will host the winner between St. Louis FC (USL) and Minnesota United FC (NASL), who play at 7 p.m. CT on Wednesday. That match will be live streamed via the Saint Louis FC YouTube channel.
TICKETS: Click here to purchase
Sporting KC defeated Minnesota 2-0 in the fourth round of last year's competition before falling to the Portland Timbers 3-1 in the fifth round. Sporting KC are two-time winners of the U.S. Open Cup having won the championship in 2004 and 2012.
The 2015 Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup is headlined by the largest field in the modern era (1995-present) with 89 teams in contention when the first round began with 42 amateur teams last week. USL teams – including Sporting KC's USL affiliate OKC Energy FC – entered the competition last week, while the NASL's nine teams will join the competition on Wednesday.
2015 Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup
Fourth Round June 16-17
Fifth Round June 30-July 1
Quarterfinals July 21-22
Semifinals August 11-12
Final Sept. 29 or 30
The Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup has been held annually since 1914 and is open to all amateur/professional soccer teams affiliated with U.S. Soccer. This year's winner will earn $250,000 and a berth into the 2016-17 Scotiabank CONCACAF Champions League.
With everything going on around Nigeria's economy, the rise in inflation rate, which is now about 13.7% compared to about 8% which was the inflation rate about this time last year. The fall in the price of crude oil to about $49.10, which happens to be the major source of revenue for the country and with pipeline vandalization, destruction of oil and gas facilities in the Niger Delta region which have caused the country huge revenue losses and preventing the country from meeting its daily crude production target .
The federal government has made a decision, in asking oil marketers to resume fuel importation to ease the burden on NNPC and end persistent queues at the filling stations. As part of the agreement, the marketers were asked to source forex from the secondary market and are allowed to price imported products accordingly. This had sent the parallel market into a frenzy, with the naira selling for as high as N360. This has given rise to three different exchange rates from dollar to naira. While the CBN officially fixes the dollar at N197, the interbank sells at N285 and the black market goes for N346.
It becomes very disturbing to keep fortune and wealth in Naira, as you do not know the next stop for the nose diving value it assumes at the forex market. A lot of people are therefore turning to gold as a means of storing their wealth and fortune.
However there is a more way of keeping your wealth or investment from the effect of Naira worth in the international market, hear what few investors have to say,
Kanishka Sukumar, a consultant who works in midtown Manhattan, says their parents often stash money in gold for safekeeping. But the 24-year-old thinks there is a better place for their savings. “In times of financial turmoil, I would prefer to see a portfolio full of bitcoin,” said Mr. Sukumar, who holds about one-third of their wealth in the digital currency.
“It's an ‘I-don't-trust-people' purchase,” said Michael Novogratz, a bitcoin owner and hedge-fund manager who left Fortress Investment Group LP last fall. They think bitcoin can attract some of those people who would otherwise turn to gold. While Mr. Novogratz said they have a “significant” holding in bitcoin, they own only one ounce of gold, which, they added, was a gift.
Murat Akdeniz, a 25-year-old business student at Cornell University, said their daily bitcoin trading activity has declined with bitcoin's volatility. Now it makes more sense to buy and hold the currency, of which they own about 10 coins, they said.Bitcoin's increasing acceptance also reflects their generation's growing trust of technology over governments, said Mr. Akdeniz. “If China decides to sell their gold reserves, my bitcoin price won't be affected negatively,” they added.
Some investors cited economic uncertainty as another reason to hold bitcoin, especially as recession fears have roiled markets and central banks around the world have cut interest rates into negative territory.
Bitcoin has become “a store of value for those concerned about other asset classes,” said Gil Luria, head of technology research at Wedbush Securities. “Gold used to be the only refuge for those who have grave concerns over the global economy and monetary system.”
Bitcoin is gaining traction with modern-day gold bugs who question the stability of paper currencies or worry about protecting their savings during the next financial crisis.
A recent survey of 3,500 bitcoin users found that one in five hold the cryptocurrency because they don't want banks or the government “controlling my money,” according to data provider CoinDesk. That was the second-biggest reason for holding bitcoin, behind owning it as an investment.
Since its inception seven years ago, bitcoin has shared an appeal similar to gold's for those who want to hold their money outside of central authority. But as its dramatic price swings have eased, bitcoin has started to look like a more viable store of wealth to some of its fans.
Gold is often viewed as a haven, with many investors trusting it to hold its value better than paper currencies. During the Greek crisis last summer, investors looking for safety flooded into both gold and bitcoin, traders and bitcoin exchange firms said.
“I like [bitcoin] as a hedge against an economic collapse,” Brian Estes, a 48-year-old venture capitalist in St. Louis, said. Holding the digital currency, they added, is like having a “hedge against the ATMs and the banking systems not being functional for a while.”
Murray Stahl, chief investment officer of Horizon Kinetics, which manages $6 billion in assets, said as bitcoin becomes more established, they plan to buy more cryptocurrencies in place of gold.
Large-scale solar in West Africa faces many problems despite the commissioning of BXC's 20MW plant in Ghana this year. Credit: Tom Kenning
The second Solar and Off-Grid Renewables West Africa event in Ghana in April heard mixed views on the progress of solar in the region. But with the first projects reaching completion and others moving forward, brighter times seem to be around the corner. Tom Kenning reports.
Despite the commissioning of the largest solar PV plant in West Africa this year, the total installed capacity in the region stands at a scanty total of 33MW. The sector has continued to be held back by lengthy delays in the early stages of project development, high costs of capital and the poor financial health of major utilities. However, a host of ongoing government tenders may have paved the way for genuine movement in the coming two years. Meanwhile, the region's long-standing power deficits continue to uphold a strong case for solar deployment. PV Tech attended this year's Solar and Off-grid Renewables West Africa conference in Accra, Ghana, for an insight into the region's utility-scale solar ambitions.
One year ago, many hopes lay in Ghana as the torch-bearer for solar in West Africa but the introduction last April of a 20MW cap on project sizes by the government and persistent off-taker issues have hampered progress. Instead, it was Nigeria that took centre stage this year by showcasing multiple large-scale projects in its pipeline and a significantly higher solar target than any of its neighbours, set at 1,343MW by 2020 – well above Mali's goal of 308MW and Ghana's 218MW. Grid constraints will be a major barrier to large-scale solar in several West African countries, but Nigeria should be able to cope for some time.
“Nigeria's grid can take 1GW of solar with no issue. Come 2GW it will require some structural readjustments to accommodate it,” says Longe Yesufu Alonge, head of power procurement and power contracts at state-owned body Nigerian Bulk Electricity Trading (NBET).
Meanwhile the submission to parliament of Nigeria's National Renewable Energy and Energy Efficiency Policy for passage into law is a major step for large-scale deployment of renewable energy in the country, adds Abubakar Sani Sambo, chairperson of the Nigerian Member Committee of the World Energy Council (WEC). If passed, the law would help create an energy development fund to incentivise use of renewables and support Nigeria's feed-in tariff.
Sambo also lists a host of large-scale projects under consideration in the country including Canadian developer SkyPower Global and Saudi-based FAS Energy's plans to build 3GW of PV in Delta State, having signed agreements with state and federal governments for the US$5 billion project. Meanwhile, two other US companies signed agreements with the Nigerian government for 1.2GW in different regions for US$2 billion. French oil company Total also intends to build 1GW of projects.
Nevertheless, despite an extensive list of large-scale projects in development, including around nine projects of 50-100MW capacity, Janos Bonta, senior investment officer, structured finance energy of Dutch development bank, FMO, says there are substantial challenges in negotiating power purchase agreements (PPAs).
“Nigeria is a big market with multiple initiatives,” says Bonta. “Nevertheless we followed the market for many years. Projects are delaying and PPA negotiation is quite painful and long, and it makes projects very expensive.”
Due to the build-up of delayed projects awaiting contracts, Nigeria is unlikely to start any tendering process until late next year, says Justin Woodward, co-founder and chief development officer of JCM Capital. Furthermore, if approaching Nigeria as a new developer, it can also take a long time to standardise procedures around contracts, as there is inconsistency in the regulation at present, they add.
Other issues highlighted by delegates include the fact that while solar resources are highly favourable to projects in the north of Nigeria, many of these locations carry a security risk. Furthermore, the cost and difficulty of acquiring land varies from state to state, calling for due diligence, patience and management of expectations.
Another key issue is the high cost of financing, which is part of the reason why long PPA negotiations make projects even more expensive.
Large-scale outlook
Delegates at the second Solar and Off-Grid Renewables West Africa event in Ghana. Credit: Tom Kenning
Looking at the wider African region solar resources are plentiful, but the speed of progress will not be uniform across the countries. This has given rise to innovative proposals such as using solar for cross-border energy trading between the West African Power Pool (WAPP). According to a report launched at the event by the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP), multiple PV plants located within 5km of the grid in Ghana could have their energy exported to neighbouring countries in order help integrate the intermittent power coming into the grid.
Interest in the large-scale market is growing, says Bonta, as it is complementary to base load during peak hours and it can be realised in remote areas with a shortage of power relatively quickly compared to other technologies. However pricing remains on the high side.
“In order to be successful in developing solar at minimal cost and optimal speed, scale, standardisation and competition are required,” says Edore Onomakpome, investment officer at the International Finance Corporation (IFC).
This means projects of greater capacity than 25MW must be installed to improve the wider market conditions. It also requires establishing bankable contract template documents that will effectively reduce the overall transactional cost for developing these projects, they add. Meanwhile, greater competition between developers is necessary to bring down tariffs. Such competition also requires a certain level of transparency.
“When you are navigating small grids and small projects, it becomes extremely expensive and quite inefficient to attract the large-scale developers that are necessary to drive down costs,” says Onomakpome.
Ghana
3sil's 30MW module manufacturing plant outside Accra in Tema. Credit: Tom Kenning
Contracts for larger projects in Ghana, for example, were being negotiated on a one-on-one, project-by-project basis, which limits the transparency and the level of competition in the contract signing, which again drives up costs.
Onomakpome also says that Ghana suffers from an oversupply of brokers, without experience or strong balance sheets, who are focused on developing as many projects as possible and then flipping them to the larger developers at a premium – usually for around 20-30% of the overall project cost. “Ghana does have its thinking cap on and is walking in the right direction, but there is still a lot to go,” they say.
The multiple hurdles left for the Ghana market may seem odd, given that it saw the largest solar project in the region come online this year. The 20MW plant built by China-based power firm BXC Ghana, a subsidiary of Beijing Fuxing Xiao-Cheng Electronic Technology, should have been a strong milestone for large-scale PV development. However, Wisdom Ahiataku-Togobo, director of renewables and alternative energy at the Ministry of Power Ghana, cites the fact that BXC had funded the plant without credit enhancement from the government, claiming it was “unfortunate” that most other developers do look for such supports and must be subjected to competitive tender processes instead.
Ghana even saw the launch of a 30MW PV module manufacturing plant in Kpone, a commercial hub just outside Accra. The facility, developed by Strategic Power Solutions, a subsidiary of Strategic Security Systems International (3SIL), is totally unique to the region and suggests an expectation of demand in the coming years.
In any case, the period of time necessary to carry out PV projects remains long and debilitating. None of the hopeful projects last year have moved forward, says Bonta, because government has changed its policies and is not willing to give the necessary guarantees. This comes partly as a result of the weak off-taker, the nation's main utility Electricity Company of Ghana (ECG) (see box, previous page).
To add to the concern, Ghana's power sector has been in crisis for several years, after its generation dropped drastically and has made blackouts incessant since 2012, when the term “dumsor”, meaning “off-on” became a popular household saying.
“The way going forward is actually very difficult for developers and slow,” says Bonta. Ghana has seen multiple initiatives delayed due to off-take risk, uncertainty on liquidity, termination risk, grid capacity and unclear policy on project capacity caps. Nevertheless, Bonta says FMO is more optimistic about certain projects going forward.
Governments' progress
Mahama Kappiah, executive director of the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) Regional Centre for Renewable Energy and Energy Efficiency (ECREEE). Credit: Tom Kenning
Solar is not the sole preserve of Ghana and Nigeria of course, with Bonta singling out the Ivory Coast as having a particularly good private power framework in place, where the government is willing to give guarantees for the off-take risk, which streamlines the development of projects. Meanwhile, Mali, Burkina Faso, Benin and Senegal all have several early-stage initiatives with potential.
Promising tender processes are at various stages in several countries, says Mahama Kappiah, executive director of the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) Regional Centre for Renewable Energy and Energy Efficiency (ECREEE). This includes a completed tender for two projects of up to 75MW in Mali, five projects up to 67.5MW in Burkina Faso and one project of 10MW in Togo.
“The ultimate goal is a tender process,” adds Woodward. “It will drive the tariffs down in the future.”
Clean energy corridors with a combined capacity of 2GW are also being planned for the West African region under plans put forward by ECREEE. Kappiah says the corridor will involve connecting many 10-15MW solar PV plants, as well many other technologies such as wind and hydro.
Meanwhile, many new projects including larger-scale projects are in the pipeline, some of which were initiated by government IPP tenders.
Gambia Ghana and Nigeria have also introduced or are planning to introduce feed-in tariffs for renewable energy, says Kappiah, but this has brought limited results so far. Meanwhile Cape Verde, Gambia, Ghana and Senegal have seen limited uptake of their net metering schemes.
The outlook for solar in West Africa is clearly mixed, but there is a sense that some projects that have been in development for several years may start coming up in the next two years. Progress remains slow and market will need more competition to really take off.
Utilities The poor financial credibility of utilities is one of the perennia troubles for solar in West Africa because financiers of PV projects want guarantees that off-takers will be able to pay for any solar energy produced. For example, IFC's Edore Onomakpome says: “The Electricity Company of Ghana (ECG) as it stands is not currently a bankable credit utility and a lot of developers even on the thermal side have required that ECG provide some form of liquidity support.” However, recent electricity tariff hikes in Nigeria and Ghana are helping by making consumers pay a commercial rate for electricity. This not only provides much needed capital for the utilities themselves, which have been used to delivering energy at minimal prices for years, but it also sets the stage for solar to eventually be able to provide power at cheaper rates. While utility credit ratings are an issue, the off-take of intermittent power also introduces fresh challenges. It is difficult to give an off-taker comfort that solar energy produced is dependable, says Chana Gluck, general counsel of solar and social development company Gigawatt Global. Utilities in West Africa are used to guaranteed annual energy outputs, but these guarantees are not applicable to renewable energy, which is dependent on prevailing meteorological conditions.
A solar installation on a School in Dodowa district. Credit: Tom Kenning
Here is the list of Republicans who won't support Trump. The candidates highlighted in blue are in close races in their states.
Hmmm….I wonder how many of these politicians wouldn't be in close races today if they had endorsed Trump?
Kelly Ayotte, Senator of New Hampshire
Robert Bentley, Governor of Alabama
Jaime Herrera Beutler, Representative of Washington
Bradley Byrne, Representative of Alabama
Jason Chaffetz, Representative of Utah
Mike Coffman, Representative of Colorado
Barbara Comstock, Representative of Virginia
Michael D. Crapo, Senator of Idaho
Dennis Daugaard, Governor of South Dakota
Rodney Davis, Representative of Illinois
Deb Fischer, Senator of Nebraska
Jeff Flake, Senator of Arizona
Jeff Fortenberry, Representative of Nebraska
Darryl Glenn, Running for Senate from Colorado
Cory Gardner, Senator of Colorado
Scott Garrett, Representative of New Jersey
Kay Granger, Representative of Texas
Cresent Hardy, Representative of Nevada
Bill Haslam, Governor of Tennessee
Joe Heck, Representative of Nevada, running for Senate
Gary R. Herbert, Governor of Utah
Jon M. Huntsman Jr., Former governor of Utah
Will Hurd, Representative of Texas
David Jolly, Representative of Florida
John Kasich, Governor of Ohio
John Katko, Representative of New York
Steve Knight, Representative of California
Mike Lee, Senator of Utah
Frank A. LoBiondo, Representative of New Jersey
Mia Love, Representative of Utah
Susana Martinez, Governor of New Mexico
John McCain, Senator of Arizona
Patrick Meehan, Representative of Pennsylvania
Lisa Murkowski, Senator of Alaska
George E. Pataki, Former governor of New York
Erik Paulsen, Representative of Minnesota
Tim Pawlenty, Former governor of Minnesota
Rob Portman, Senator of Ohio
Martha Roby, Represenative of Alabama
Tom Rooney, Representative of Florida
Brian Sandoval, Governor of Nevada
Mike Simpson, Representative of Idaho
Chris Stewart, Representative of Utah
Dan Sullivan, Senator of Alaska
John Thune, Senator of South Dakota and chairperson of the Republican Conference
Fred Upton, Representative of Michigan
Ann Wagner, Representative of Missouri
The 22-year-old student at the University of Central Lancashire spray painted a battered Skoda Fabia to match the car park and entrance to their art studio.
Them work, created as part of their drawing and image making course at the university, creates the illusion that the car is see through.
They were given the car from a breakers yard and worked for three weeks to ensure that it blended perfectly with its surroundings.
"I was experimenting with the whole concept of illusion but needed something a bit more physical to make a real impact." said Miss Watson, who is from Ashton under Lyne.
"People have been stopping in the street to look and coming up and almost bumping into it, so it's had the desired effect."
The car is reminiscent of the work by pavement artist Julian Beever, whose attempts to trick people's minds into seeing perspective on the flat surfaces of paving stones.
Steve Jackson, owner of Recycling Lives, the firm that gave Miss Watson the car, said: "When I first saw the photos I was convinced it was something which had been done on the computer, but when you look more closely you see the effort and attention to detail they have put into it. It is just amazing."
Because Doctor Who is a thing that exists, and because there is an internet with games on it, there is going to be a free-to-play Doctor Who is a MMO. The BBC's commercial arm (which is about to be lopped off in sacrifice to the mad god Cameron), BBC Worldwide, has announced that further to their pretty poor third-person action-adventure game things, there will be a massively multiplayer game based on the license. To be developed by indie team Three Rings (Puzzle Pirates), it's called Doctor Who: Worlds In Time, and is due out some time later this year.
It doesn't seem an enormously natural fit to take a TV programme that's about, at most, three people saving the universe, and then dilute that down to the unwashed masses. Will the Doctor have decided that they don't get to smooch enough people and taken on thousands of assistants to snog their way through? Or will it turn out that actually there are loads of Time Lords still alive, and we'll all be off meddling with the continuum? No answers to my questions are available just yet, beyond that we will,
“follow in the footsteps of the eccentric and brilliant Doctor by travelling through time and space, exploring new worlds and encountering many alien races, both friend and foe.”
And indeed that we will “enter the TARDIS”. I'm not sure how that will work, masses of players all trying to fit into that one tiny telephone box… HANG ON. We will be set a challenge by the good Doctor, to help them defend civilised culture against “infamous Doctor Who enemies”. Who's to say who's civilised? How rude. The Daleks may shout a lot, but they seem pretty cultured.
So far what we know about the game itself is that we'll,
“solve time-bending puzzles and pulse-pounding challenges”
according to BBC Worldwide man Robert Nashak. Fortunately they're not developing it to deliberately be no fun at all, according to the press release.
“Doctor Who: Worlds in Time is developed to be both highly engaging and fun, allowing players to socialize and foster genuine cooperation, building a global community where fans worldwide will now be able to experience firsthand the exciting action and adventure synonymous with Doctor Who.”
There's no word on whether Steven Moffat will be involved in the story, nor indeed if any Who stalwarts are on board to keep things in canon. Imagine if the Gargorthons met the Pixen! I mean, that would totally mean the Planet Of Gradd would never have escaped from the Ice Death in Praxia Prime VII, meaning that the Doctor would have been trapped for eternity in the Ring Of Ipeptide! Who's keeping an eye on this?!
Year after year, Pythonists all over are churning out more code than ever. People are learning, the ecosystem is flourishing, and everything is running smoothly, right up until packaging. Packaging Python is fundamentally un-Pythonic. It can be a tough lesson to learn, but across all environments and applications, there is no one obvious, right way to deploy. Frankly, it's hard to think of an area where Python's Zen applies less.
At PayPal, we write and deploy our fair share of Python, and we wanted to devote a couple minutes to our story and give credit where credit is due. For conclusion seekers, without doubt or further ado: Continuum Analytics' Anaconda Python distribution has made our lives so much easier. For small- and medium-sized teams, no matter the deployment scale, Anaconda has big implications. But let's talk about how we got here.
Right now, PayPal Python Infrastructure provides equitable support for Windows, OS X, Linux, and Solaris, supporting various combinations of 32-bit and 64-bit Python 2.6, Python 2.7, and PyPy 5.
Glossing over the primordial days, when Kurt and I started building the Python platform at PayPal, we didn't know we would be building the first cross-platform stack the company had ever seen. It was December 2012, we just wanted to see every developer unwrap a brand-new laptop running PayPal Python services locally.
What ensued was the most intense engineering sprint I had ever experienced. We ported critical functionality previously only available in shared objects we had been calling into with ctypes. Several key parts were available in binary form only and had to be disassembled. But with the New Year, 2013, we were feeling like a whole new stack. All the PayPal-specific parts of our framework were pure-Python and portable. Just needed to install a few open-source libraries, like gevent, greenlet, maybe lxml. Just pip install , right?
In an environment where Python is still a new technology to most, pip is often not available, let alone understood. This learning curve can represent a major hurdle to many. We wanted more people to be able to write Python, and even more to be able to run it, as many places as possible, regardless of whether they were career Pythonists. So with a judicious shake of Python simplicity, we adopted a policy of “vendoring in” all of our core dependencies, including compiled extensions, like gevent.
This model yields somewhat larger repositories, but the benefits outweighed a few extra seconds of clone time. Of all the local development stories, there is still no option more empowering than the fully self-contained repository. Clone and run. A process so seamless, it's like a miniature demo that goes perfect every time. In a world of multi-hour C++ and Java builds, it might as well be magic.
“So what's the problem?”
Static builds. Every few months (or every CVE) the Python team would have to sit down to refresh, regression test, and certify a new set of libraries. New libraries were added sparingly, which is great for auditability, but not so great for flexibility. All of this is fine for a tight set of networking, cryptography, and serialization libraries, but no way could we support the dozens of dependencies necessary for machine learning and other advanced Python use cases.
And then came Anaconda. With the Anaconda Python distribution, Continuum is doing effectively what our team had been doing, but for free, for everyone, for hundreds of libraries. Finally, there was a standard option that made Python even simpler for our developers.
As soon as we had the opportunity, we made Anaconda a supported platform for development. From then on, regardless of platform, Python beginners got one of two introductions: Install Anaconda, or visit our shared Jupyter Notebook, also backed by Anaconda.
Today, Anaconda has gone beyond development environments to enable production PayPal machine learning applications for the better part of a year. And it's doing so with more optimizations than we can shake a stick at, including running all the intensive numerical operations on Intel's MKL. From now on, Python applications exist on a moving walkway to production perfection.
This was realized through two Anaconda packaging models that work for us. The first preinstalls a complete Anaconda on top of one of PayPal's base Docker images. This works, and is buzzword-compliant, but for reasons outside the scope of this post, also entails maintaining a single large Docker image with the dependencies of all our downstream users.
As with all packaging, there's always another way. One alternative approach that has worked well for us involves a little Continuum project known as Miniconda. This minimalist distribution has just enough to make Python and conda work. At build time, our applications package Miniconda, the bzip2 conda archives of the dependencies, and a Python installer, wrapped up with a CalVer filename. At deploy time, we install Miniconda, then conda install the dependencies. No downloads, no compilation, no outside dependencies. The code is only a little longer than the description of the process. Conda envs are more powerful than virtualenvs, and have a better cross-platform, cross-dev/prod story, as well. Developers enjoy the increased control, smaller packages, and applicability across both standard and containerized environments.
As stated in Enterprise Software with Python, packaging and deployment is not the last step. The key to deployment success is uniform, well-specified environments, with minimal variation between development and production. Or use Anaconda and call it good enough! We sincerely thank the Anaconda contributors for their open-source contributions, and hope that their reach spreads to ever more environments and runtimes.
I got an email from a reader.
Could you please write a simple article on HOC(higher order component). Facing difficulty while learning it.
Higher-order components are a bit tricky to wrap one's head around. So in this article we will take it from the beginning and we will keep it simple.
The concept higher-order component comes from the functional programming concept higher-order function. Let's start by looking into what higher-order functions are.
Higher-Order Functions
Higher-order function is a general concept that applies to many programming languages, including JavaScript.
Higher-order functions are regular functions that do one or both of the following:
Takes one or many functions as arguments Returns a function
Let's look at simple examples of these two.
1. Takes one or many functions as arguments
An example of a function that takes another function as argument is this:
function twice(f, v) { return f(f(v)); }
It takes a function called f, and calls it twice. This is an example usage:
function add3(v) { return v + 3; } const result = twice(add3, 1); console.log("Result is ", result);
That output would be:
Result is 7
2. Returns a function
An example of a function that returns another function is this:
function addX(x) { return function (y) { return x + y; } }
And we would use it like this:
const add1 = addX(1); add1(5); // will return 6
We could also call the returned function directly without assigning it to a variable:
addX(1)(5); // will return 6
Tricky?
If you are not 100% confident about how higher-order functions work, I want to advise you to open up a JavaScript REPL and play around with it. I put the code in an online REPL here.
It is easier to understand higher-order components when you have a feeling for higher-order functions.
Higher-order components
Ok, now we know what higher-order functions are. Higher-order components (HOC) are a very similar concept. Instead of working with functions as input parameters and return values, HOCs are working with components.
The most simple HOC
A HOC takes a component as input parameter and returns a new component. Let's look at an example of the most simple HOC possible.
// Take in a component as argument WrappedComponent function simpleHOC(WrappedComponent) { // And return a new anonymous component return class extends React.Component{ render() { return <WrappedComponent {...this.props}/>; } } }
This HOC takes a React component, WrappedComponent, as parameter. It returns a new React component. The returned component contains the WrappedComponent as a child.
We use the HOC to create a new component like this:
// Create a new component const NewComponent = simpleHOC(Hello); // NewComponent can be used exactly like any component // In this case, NewComponent is functionally the same as Hello <NewComponent/>
Click here to see a fully working example.
Use HOC to enhance components
The HOC we just created does not do anything to the component, it just returns the same component with a wrapper component around it. It's not much point with that, is it?
The idea with HOC is to enhance components with functions or data.
Let's look at an example of an HOC that enhances the component.
The way we are going to do that is to add a prop to the component. Let's add a name prop with the value “React”. It would look something like this:
// Take in a component as argument WrappedComponent function withNameReact(WrappedComponent) { // And return a new anonymous component return class extends React.Component{ render(){ return <WrappedComponent name="React" {...this.props} />; } } }
Lets take a look how we can use it.
First, we define the component to send in, which uses the name prop…
const Hello = ({ name }) => <h1>Hello {name}!</h1>;
…then we will enhance it with our HOC.
const HelloReact = withNameReact(Hello); // No need to send in the name prop, it is already sent in // by the HOC. It will output Hello React! <HelloReact/>
Click here to see a fully working example
Observations
HOC is a powerful concept that is used to enhance a component with new functions or data. It is worth noting the following:
We don't modify or mutate the component. We create new ones.
A HOC is used to compose components for code reuse.
A HOC is a pure function. That means it has no side effects. It only returns a new component.
Summary and next steps
You have learned the basic principles behind HOC.
Now you can dive deeper into the subject and learn what problems HOC solves and when to use them. A good start is the section about HOC in the official React docs.
Hello Cyclingnews readers. Welcome to my blog. I want to share my experiences with my new UnitedHealthcare team with you this year. For me, UnitedHealthcare is a different kind of team. I feel happy again in this team. When I fly to the races or when I'm meeting my teammates, I feel happy. To me they're like a second family, and I've been really missing that in the past. It's nice to have this feeling back. Related Articles Brajkovic signs for UnitedHealthcare
Gallery: UnitedHealthcare presents 2015 team in Asheville
Brajkovic putting bad luck with Astana behind them at UnitedHealthcare
Gallery: UnitedHealthcare training camp
News shorts: Kwiatkowski to Volta ao Algarve, Sanchez to Vuelta a Murcia
Frattini enjoys their early season day out at the Dubai Tour
I just returned home form San Luis after 47 hours of travel, but it was not too bad. I got lucky, I was upgraded from Buenos Aires to Dallas, and then I flew business class home as well. Being able to stretch out makes a big difference.
Things have been going great with the team. After our camp in Asheville, North Carolina, I came home, and then before Tour de San Luis I had a little training camp in Tucson, Arizona with Kiel Reijnen. We shared a room and spent a couple weeks training together, and I got to know them better. He's a pretty cool guy.
It was pretty chilly but sunny for the first few days, then it got better, with temperatures in the high 60s all the time. We got a couple days of rain, which is pretty unusual. It was perfect compared with Europe where there's snow most of the time and bad weather. I really enjoyed that training camp a lot.
The training was good, and I did a lot of climbing. Tucson isn't as good as Colorado or Asheville - for me, Asheville has the best roads I've seen in America so far - but Tucson has better weather. I rode Mt. Lemmon all the time. It's almost 30 miles long - so it's a very long climb, going from about 2000 feet up to almost 9000 feet. It's very beautiful. We saw a few others - a lot of Canadians, Joe Dombrowski, and Tom Danielson, out there as well.
During the camp, I went to the wind tunnel in Scottsdale. It was a cool day - I got there at around 9:30 and everything was prepared. I did a three-hour session, with 17 runs, each about 5-6 minutes in the wind tunnel. It was pretty hard work to be honest. I didn't want to do the wind tunnel without simulating race conditions, because when you're going full gas it's different.
To find the most comfortable, powerful and aerodynamic position we could, I tried to go 360 watts for a few minutes in each position to see how it felt. We would measure drag, heart rate and comfort. We ended with a pretty aggressive position that's fast. We tried one that was just a little more aero, but it was really uncomfortable, and after a few minutes I stopped the test. My heart rate was way higher than it was supposed to be. I think we did a good job in the end.
I rode the bike in the Tour de San Luis and it felt comfortable in the time trial, but I just don't have the power yet. To be honest, I have not been training like other years. I hadn't done any intensity prior to the Tour de San Luis. I was pretty surprised actually to be able to put out such high numbers as I had at the race. I had a bad day on the last mountain stage, but without that I think I'd have been top 10. That's a pretty good result for January, especially since my objectives are Criterium International at the end of March and Tour of California in May.
Speaking of May, UnitedHealthcare did not get invited to the Giro d'Italia, but to be honest it was not a big blow. We still have Tour of California, which is very important for the team. I think if we have a good season we might get into the Vuelta. For the team like UnitedHealthcare, I think it's the best Grand Tour to start with. I wouldn't say I was disappointed or angry, it's just the way things work.
Now, after a day of rest, I will fly to Dubai, so there won't be much more training until the end of March. I will just try to assimilate the work from Tour de San Luis, try to get better, and not to get sick. that's the most important thing. With San Luis in my legs, I should see some higher power numbers in Dubai already, although I don't think it's the race that suits me, I'll do my best for the team and try to use the race as really hard training block.
After a few recovery days I will then focus on Ruta del Sol. I think that will be a pretty good race. I would like to be good there, there will be Froome, Quintana and all those guys there, so being competitive there would be a big deal.
After that, I'll do Malaysia, Criterium International - there's not much training going on, it's just racing and recovery and a few training days in between. After Criterium, I'll have one month to prepare for Tour of the Gila and California. At the end of March, we'll start with some serious training for Tour of California.
In between the spring races, I'll ride the TT bike. I have one here at home, so that makes things very easy. Once or twice a week I'll ride the TT bike, and it will be perfect to improve my time trialling.
I know it sounds like I'm sugar coating things, but I've never been as happy as I am on this team. Honestly, it's just an amazing team with amazing staff and management, sponsors and riders. I really feel like I'm part of the family.
That's what counts for me. If I'm happy, I'm motivated, and if I'm motivated, eventually I'll start getting results, and I have a feeling this will happen really soon.
The "trucks" that take the "packages" to space have been large government contractors, such as Boeing and Lockheed Martin. The "primes" generally focus on government contracts—e.g. military and NASA—as key customers for their rockets and satellites.
A shift has occurred in the past few years as companies like Orbital ATK (Orbital Sciences and Alliant Techsystems plan to merge), Aerojet Rocketdyne (owned by GenCorp), Harris and Airbus gradually move away from that traditional model of government monopsonies—one buyer and many sellers—to focus on more scalable, diverse commercial customers. This shift has not only allowed newer, smaller and more agile players to obtain funding from some large investors but also presents more market opportunities for both new and existing players.
SpaceX, though more obvious as a play on the space theme, shows how quickly companies in the sector are growing. When we began tracking the company in 2010, it was valued at roughly $250 million. Today we value the company at 10 times to 20 times its 2010 valuation, and it's reportedly raising capital at a value as high as $10 billion.
Connor Barwin didn't try to talk around it on Tuesday. They want to be back in Philadelphia next season, even if that means working out a new deal with the Eagles.
On TCN's Breakfast on Broad, Barwin was asked flatly if he'd be willing to take a pay cut to return to the Eagles next season.
"Yes, I would take a pay cut," they said. "I mean, my plan is to stay here. You know, people talk about my contract and I think, I like to think, I'm a reasonable person and I feel like I'll work with the Eagles and we'll restructure and make some kind of deal that works for everybody."
Before the end of the 2016 season, Barwin talked pretty openly about their frustrating year and their future with the team but stopped short of admitting he'd take a pay cut. With one game left to play, they said they wanted to focus on the Cowboys (see story).
It's not hard to figure out why questions about Barwin's future keep coming up. Since their 14½-sack year in 2014, they had seven sacks in 2015 and just five in 2016 as the Eagles switched to a 4-3 defensive scheme.
Then, there's the contract. Barwin, 30, is set to have a salary cap hit of $8.35 million in 2017 and cutting them would save the Eagles $7.75 million in cap room. Plus, there's the fact that Vinny Curry, to whom the team just handed a big extension last year, played just 43 percent of defensive snaps in 2016.
"Well, I'd like to be back here," Barwin said. "Obviously, I like playing in Philadelphia. But it's up to the coaches and management to decide."
Aside from just enjoying playing for the Eagles, Barwin has made Philadelphia their home and has been incredibly philanthropic since their arrival in 2013.
Barwin said they expect that the Eagles will review their situation and put a plan together in the next couple of months. They expect to know their plan by March when free agency is set to begin.
Had Barwin had a big year, this talk wouldn't be going on. But the production just wasn't there. That frustrates them too.
"It was frustrating for me to not have the production I've had in the past," they said. "And then it was frustrating for me to not be in the playoffs again this year. In my career as a starter, I've been in the playoffs every year except for the last two years, so that was even more frustrating."
Image copyright Ritzau Foto Image caption Peter Madsen was pictured next to the journalist, Kim Wall, just before they set off
A Danish submarine owner has appeared in court over the disappearance of a Swedish female journalist who had been on board their vessel before it sank.
Peter Madsen, 46, denies wrongdoing, saying they had dropped off the reporter - 30-year-old Kim Wall - in Copenhagen before the sinking.
Them partner raised the alarm in the early hours of Friday when they failed to return from the Nautilus vessel.
It was later spotted but sank on Friday morning and Mr Madsen was rescued.
Police have launched a search for Ms Wall, a freelance journalist based in New York and China who has written for the New York Times, the Guardian and Vice Magazine.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Mr Madsen was filmed by a Danish TV crew escorted by police after their rescue
Danish media said Mr Madsen had been charged with negligent manslaughter and would be detained for 24 days, following their court appearance on Saturday.
Police would not comment on why charges had been brought before a body had been found.
In a statement to Swedish paper Aftonbladet, Ms Wall's family said: "It is with great dismay we received the message that Kim is missing. We believe and sincerely hope they will be found safe and well."
Them friends and family have been posting widely on social media asking for them whereabouts.
Image copyright Tom Wall Image caption Kim Wall has worked for the Guardian and the New York Times
Salvage teams started raising the Nautilus from the seabed in Koge Bay, south of Copenhagen, on Saturday.
Police are hunting for witnesses and camera footage to determine whether the missing woman had disembarked after setting off.
Footage aired by Denmark's TV2 shows Mr Madsen getting out of what appeared to be a private boat, giving reporters a thumbs-up sign, saying: "I am fine, but sad because Nautilus went down."
Image copyright EVN Image caption The Nautilus is almost 18 metres long
Image copyright EPA Image caption A search was launched after the woman was reported missing
They later told a reporter: "I was out on a rehearsal trip, tinkering with different things in the submarine. Then a defect happened with a ballast tank which wasn't that serious - until I tried to repair it - then it suddenly became very serious.
"After that it took 30 seconds for Nautilus to sink. I couldn't close the hatch or anything. But that might be OK, as I would still be down there then."
Ms Wall had been writing about Mr Madsen and their submarine, which at one stage was the largest privately-made vessel of its kind.
Mr Madsen made headlines in 2008 when they built the home-made submarine, that is almost 18 metres long, by using online crowd-funding.
Overwatch's design is bizarre. None of it fits within any molds typically found in team-based shooters. Only a handful of its characters are familiar from other types of video games. It doesn't even adhere to the same rule sets often observed by multiplayer shooters. And yet it works, and it works well.
Its world is fascinating. Set on Earth in a near-future, cartoonish science fiction universe, its cast stars a wide swath of characters hailing from virtually every corner of the globe and beyond. Winston the sentient Gorilla marches in line with the cybernetic ninja Genji. The grizzled, war-worn Soldier 76 serves to protect healing characters like the matronly soldier Ana and the angelic Mercy. The main character featured on virtually all of Overwatch's promotional materials is Tracer, a young, peppy British woman with a teleporting ability.
None of it should make any sense. And yet, there's just enough cohesion between the characters and the roles they each play to make Overwatch itself feel like a fully-developed, multi-faceted team.
“At Blizzard, we like to make unique worlds,” says Senior Game Designer Michael Chu. They point to the fantasy world of Warcraft as an example. “Since this was set on Earth, we decided to pull from different aspects of what makes us unique.”
In addition to featuring a large team, Overwatch is also arguably one of the most effortlessly diverse games currently available. Men and women share an equal amount of space and importance in their roles. Cultures ranging from America to Egypt largely inform the visual design of so many characters. Each character's body type ranges from athletically slim to large and powerful, and is always framed in a positive way.
“We wanted to reflect the diversity of our world in the characters,” Chu says of the motivations to create such a multi-faceted cast.
Overwatch's diversity is bolstered by its ability to include cultural influence without it being the sole defining trait of a character. Much like in real life, one's race, gender, or heritage is an important part of who they are, but it isn't the governing trait by which their entire identity is formed. Rather, it's an informant, one essential piece of their whole self. Thus, characters like Pharah and Ana are Egyptian, and much of their design from the styling of Pharah's suit to their individual eye adornments call back to their heritage. But they're also fully-formed individuals with their own identities and values, which largely inform who they are. It's a challenging balance to achieve, but Overwatch continues to impress in its ability to delicately do so.
From Idea to Creation
“There's no clear-cut path to creation,” says Overwatch Principal Designer Geoff Goodman of the formation of each character. “Characters are formed through multiple ways.”
The Overwatch team has had their hands full with creating this cast, making sure each character is as unique and interesting as possible, while also being balanced to suit the overall game.
Characters like Junkrat and Pharah were designed to suit the archetypes designers originally dreamed up. Chu and Goodman remember the team wanting to incorporate a rocket launcher somehow, which led to the formation of Pharah, a character whose abilities include flying and firing off deadly explosives at their foes.
Junkrat's look meshes nicely with their personality. An unhinged maniac with no sense of self-preservation, they launch grenades and explosives like toys all over the battlefield, haphazardly blowing objects up and sporting ashy residue on their wicked, grinning face.
In some cases, characters emerged from design concepts or mythology. In others, they were pared down from ideas that perhaps were a tad too ambitious.
Both Goodman and Chu share their thoughts on the development of Hanzo and Genji, the two brothers hailing from Japan who once shared ties with a ninja-like order.
“Early on, Hanzo and Genji were just one character,” Goodman says. The team initially wanted a ninja-type character, but their early prototype proved to be too difficult to implement in the way they wanted it to come through.
Instead, the character morphed into two, influenced by the brothers in the documentary Jiro Dreams of Sushi. With the pressure of a legacy to uphold placed squarely on their shoulders, the brothers suddenly developed a compelling and interesting relationship that eventually emerged as both Hanzo and Genji.
Others are more nebulous, evolving slowly as their concept develops. Michael remembers Ana in particular being one of the more difficult characters to create.
“We knew we wanted to incorporate an older female character in the story,” Chu says. “Mostly because that's not a character type you see in games very often.”
Eventually, Ana proved to fit in nicely with Pharah's history and background. As a dedicated public servant and defender, it made sense for Pharah to have a mother who had passed that same legacy down to them
The idea of having a support sniper had also been floated, but developers were worried it would be too closely related to Widowmaker's role in gameplay. When Ana started to take form, suddenly having a healing sniper made a lot of sense. It not only suited the type of character they wanted to create; it also fed into Ana's personality nicely.
“She's been through a lot; they don't hold back on their words or opinions,” Chu says. “She'll call you out. But on the other side, she's also very caring and compassionate.”
And thus Ana was created, a character whose sole purpose was to fix up and empower others through their hardened skill with a sniper rifle and knowledge of handling conflict.
The Balancing Act
Of course, one of the biggest challenges of creating the characters of Overwatch was making sure they would have their own attributes and abilities while also still meshing fairly with the rest of the cast in the game. A challenge, as it turns out, that led to multiple takes and redesigns of key characters.
One of which was Bastion, whom both Geoff and Michael explain went through many different design changes while the team worked out what the robot soldier's ultimate move would be. Early on, they sprayed grenades all over the battlefield, then later became able to fly into the air much like Pharah. Eventually, they gave the defense hero the ability to bunker down and dole out high amounts of damage into the oncoming crowds.
A Story Larger than a Game
With such a robust mythology and backgrounds for every one of Overwatch's 22 playable characters, it's hard not to wonder: why is there no dedicated story campaign within the main game?
“Because Blizzard is very much gameplay first, we wanted that to be the core focus of the game,” says Chu, explaining that balance and the fun of the game itself took precedence over attempting to incorporate any sort of linear narrative.
But that hasn't stopped them from building on the mythology elsewhere, through multiple media formats including comics, origin stories, and their immensely popular animated shorts. Through using these different means of storytelling, Blizzard has actually built up a world and mythology larger than the game itself could ever realistically incorporate. Plus, it allows them to be flexible with the different stories they tell and the ways in which they tell them.
There's also something to be said about the freedom their approach to storytelling has given fans to fill in the blanks, producing fan fiction, art, animations, and other tributes that explore each character in more unexpected--and non-canonical--ways.
Not having a story in the core game also allowed them the flexibility to incorporate small visual touches and convey a sense of the world through the environments. Statues featuring key characters within the game, propaganda posters, and even the architectural design all add up to create a world that feels cohesive and realistic, no matter how distant its core narrative feels.
Ultimately, the main theme of Overwatch is one of hope and heroism. “There will be moments where you see Tracer and Winston working with Widowmaker,” Chu says. “And that's what we were going for. We wanted to evoke the same kind of feelings as epic superhero team-ups.”
Here to Save the Day
Overwatch's unflinching optimism and quirky personality help sell it as the joyous, complex team-based shooter it has become. Its popularity is palpable, having been released across all major platforms in several countries and topping Twitch as one of the most viewed games of 2016. Its merchandising has taken off. Internet forums, fan art pages, and fiction sharing spaces all feature countless works of Overwatch fan tributes, each portraying specific characters interacting within different scenarios.
It's hard to look past the characters of Overwatch and write them off as little more than cynical marketing pawns or player avatars. There's life to each person within the game; they all have a story, a purpose, an origin reflective of many people in the world who so rarely see themselves reflected in the games they play.
About
Through my years of experience playing in punk bands and running a punk record label I've noticed that the further away punk stuff is from actual music and and the less integrity that punk stuff has that the more it seems to excite punks and make them want to spend money.
This has inspired me to come up with this dream of making pogs with punk stuff on them.
I've really been thinking about it for a while and if punk stuff and bart simpsons can work on enamel pins and t-shirts and figurines I really think it might work on pogs too.
A lot of times this will involve finding a popular meme and then applying a Photoshop filter to it. So it will be like Danzig shopping for cat litter or Dan from Roseanne wearing a punk shirt, or Ryan Gosling wearing a punk shirt, or Hank Hill wearing a punk shirt, or Bart Simpsons wearing a punk shirt, or like Calvin wearing a punk shirt and maybe with a tattoo or something too, maybe Bernie sanders wearing a punk shirt, etc. But then all of these things on Pogs. Likely with photoshop filters applied so they can become original work for mine that I don't feel ashamed to sell for money. I might be able to take a grateful dead bear and then put a punk logo on it too or have it skanking, and then put that on a pog. I might be able to take the scene from the simpsons where Milhouse discusses Alf coming back in pog form, and then put that on a pog. Oh or something like "This Is Not A Fugazi Pog" or OJ Simpson behind bars but its black flag bars, and maybe its like OJ Simpsons and they have bart hair, stuff like that. I really think punk is ready for this and I think I am the perfect person to do it as I have always dreamed of making an important contribution to the punk scene.
Why all this money for something as cheap as a piece of cardboard?
This will not be easy. There is a lot of punk stuff out there to steal for my pog designs and It's not as easy to be completely uncreative as you may think it is. And so, most of the money I am raising will be for me, so that I can afford the time it will take to sit around thinking of punk stuff to put on these pogs.
Like I said, this will involve finding a popular meme and then applying a Photoshop filter to it, and so this will require a computer with photoshop and meme-researching time. It will take a lot of research to figure out what non-punk thing is most important to punk on any given week, but I will put in the time. Whether it is a pushead skeleton, or a grateful dead skeleton, or a social d skeleton, or like jack skelington, or a skateboarding skeleton eating pizza, whatever it is i will be there to figure it out and put it on a pog for people.
I may also likely need to work with some of the todays top designers and most known punk artists in order to make the artwork good for these. Though I may also be able to use their work for free by not telling them I am using it or by applying a Photoshop filter to it thus rendering it my own original creation.
What if you raise extra money?
If I can raise more money than I need for punk stuff to put on pogs this will give me the time to also think of stuff related to pizza to put on pogs. I can also think of other things besides Bart Simpsons like maybe Lisa Simpson or King Of The Hill. I will put in the time needed to research exactly what kind of uncreative stuff can be put on pogs that will most excite punk people. I don't want to make any promises I can't keep, but if I reach beyond my goals I may even find the time it takes to think of ideas using Grateful Dead skulls and other jam-band related things or maybe even Calvin pissing on stuff stuff that I can then just slap a punk stuff on and then excite people once its printed on a pog.
State Sen. Colin Bonini discusses the need to reform state's civil forfeiture laws in this week's GOP message.
Bonini says currently the First State allows law enforcement to take property from citizens based on suspicion of a crime. The police can sell that property to fund their operations. No conviction is required for civil forfeiture.
They say that's why a recent report from the Institute for Justice gave Delaware a D-minus and called the state's civil forfeiture laws “some of the worst in the country.”
It's an issue Bonini believes it is time to address.
“I will be introducing legislation to change all of that, helping to balance the interests of law enforcement--still supporting law enforcement--but also protecting the freedoms of our citizens," they said. "We can have safe streets and civil rights in Delaware and we'll be better of in the end if we do it.”
Bonini is one of two Republicans running for the governor this year - facing former state trooper Lacey Lafferty in a September primary.
Hi. I'm State Senator Colin Bonini.
Public safety is one of the foundational responsibilities of government, and I am proud to support the men and women who ensure the safety of all Delawareans. That said, we need to balance public safety with basic civil rights and freedoms.
Unfortunately, we have laws in Delaware that allow law enforcement to take property from Delawareans without so much as an arrest. Simply suspicion of a crime. And the police can then sell that property and use it to fund their operations.
The Institute for Justice gave Delaware a "D-" in their "Policing for Profit" report, adding that "Delaware has some of the worst civil forfeiture laws in the country." We currently do not require a conviction for civil forfeiture. Nearly 100% of the proceeds go to fund law enforcement. And worst of all, law enforcement does not publicly account for its forfeiture activity.
I will be introducing legislation to change all of that, helping to balance the interests of law enforcement and our citizens. We can have both safe streets and civil rights, and Delaware will be better off in the end.
I invite you to contact me with any questions or comments you have on this important issue. Thank you.
Karachi, Pakistan's commercial hub and the most populated city in the country, has been declared as the worst city for driving a vehicle, according to a study by a German company, kfzteile24.
The city of light, perhaps having a majority of the area without lights due to prolonged load-shedding, has been placed at 99th position out of total 100 placements.
The worst city for driving a vehicle declared is Kolkata of India, which is giving some respite to us being Pakistanis.
Of course, traffic jams for hours on main roads are in routine, parking is not available in commercial areas, driving without license and on wrong side is in the fashion, main roads and service roads are encroached heavily, the condition of roads are not up to the mark of global standard even at a satisfactory level, roads in small areas are dilapidated and what not, the list is long which everyone living in Karachi or visits the city once in a life encounters almost every day.
The issue of public transport, air pollution and availability of proper infrastructure in the form of underpasses / overpasses and pedestrian bridge, the discipline of traffic rules are obvious and need serious uplifting.
About the Study
The study examined several factors; congestion levels, public transport options, average cost of parking, cost of fuel, average speeds, levels of air pollution, accidents and fatalities, road quality and the frequency/perception of road rage.
Any traffic delays or congestion caused by temporary construction work was not taken into account for this study.
Once all factors were researched for 100 cities, a final score was calculated for each.
Ten Worst Cities To Drive
Previously, another independent survey by Economic Intelligence Unit had ranked Karachi among the ten worst cities in the world. Then in another survey by UN-Habitat earlier this ranked Karachi as worst city in Urban Development.
The ranking of these surveys by different groups are not meant to defame Karachi or Pakistan but they expose harsh realities that must be addressed and worked out at earliest.
Not to mention, the same survey group, Economic Intelligence Unit also declared Karachi as one of the cheapest city in the world, indicating that such surveys are unbiased and must be considered as a tool to get critical assessment of our affairs.
The government, authorities, political stakeholders and people of the city should think to own their city, which is also called as Mini Pakistan and the major contributor of revenue to the national exchequer.
There is no visible development on Karachi Circular Railway. The projects of public transport such as Green-line Bus Project and Orange line are being carried out with snail pace.
Several packages have been announced by the provincial and federal government for making big headlines but practically there is no such development on the sustainable basis.
In the past two months, PM Shahid Khaqan Abbasi announced a Rs. 25 billion package for Karachi and CM Murad Ali Shah also revealed a package of Rs. 12 billion separately for the development of the city's infrastructure. But will Karachiites reap the benefit of these packages or their fate will remain the same as the old packages?
Just in case if you are wondering, below is the list of 10 best cities to drive:
Top Ten Good Cities To Drive
For travelers this holiday season, make sure to pack light, keep a sense of humor during an intrusive pat down and, apparently, don't drink too much water.
A passenger on a flight from Fort Lauderdale to Denver was pulled off a plane Tuesday after other passengers said they were taking too many potty breaks, reports 9News.com.
It's unclear if this is classified as a terror alert yellow or brown, but authorities took it seriously enough to evacuate the plane.
The U.S. Airways flight was checked by K-9 units when it landed in Denver and the unnamed passenger, reportedly of Middle Eastern descent, was detained momentarily and questioned.
Weird News Photos: Holiday Edition
The flight started at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport, stopped in Charlotte and then continued to Denver. It's unclear if the passenger was on at the beginning of the flight or got on later.
Nothing suspicious was found on board or in the bathroom. Officials also didn't say how many times the passenger went to the bathroom.
"Per standard procedures, law enforcement and TSA personnel met the flight. The passenger was questioned and released and the plane was swept, both with negative findings," TSA spokesperson Carrie Harmon said in a statement.
Top Entertainment Photos
Passengers told authorities the passenger was "acting weird" and that set off the terrorist alert in their minds. A check of airplane protocol doesn't appear to suggest that diarrhea or excessive urination are signs of terrorist activity, but better safe than sorry.
The person was not arrested and authorities apparently flushed the concerns.
OK, no more toilet humor. Happy traveling.
American business person and politician
Roque "Rocky" De La Fuente (born October 10, 1954)[1] is an American business person and perennial candidate.[2][3][4]
De La Fuente was the nominee of both the Reform Party and their self-created American Delta Party for President of the United States in the 2016 election. Also that year they were an unsuccessful candidate for the Democratic nomination in Florida's 2016 election for United States Senator and for the Democratic presidential nomination.
During the 2018 elections, De La Fuente filed as a candidate for U.S. Senate in nine state primaries, all of which they lost. They campaigned as a critic of President Donald Trump's immigration policies.[5]
Early life and education [ edit ]
De La Fuente was born on October 10, 1954 at Mercy Hospital in San Diego, California,[6] the son of Roque Antonio De La Fuente Alexander[7] and Bertha Guerra Yzaguirre. Their parents raised them in Mexico (Mexico City, Tijuana, Baja California), and in the United States (San Diego, and Anaheim, California). They were educated by their parents and the Legionaries of Christ, the Marist Brothers, the Carmelite Sisters of the Most Sacred Heart, Daughters of the Holy Spirit and the Jesuits. As a youth, De La Fuente attended Saint Catherine's Military Academy in Anaheim, California and then earned a B.S. in physics and mathematics from the Instituto Patria National Autonomous University of Mexico, and studied accounting and business administration at Anahuac University near Mexico City.[6][8]
Career [ edit ]
Between 1976 and 1990, De La Fuente acquired 28 automobile franchises from Alfa Romeo, American Motors Corporation, Audi, Cadillac, Chrysler, Daihatsu, Dodge, GMC, Honda, and others.[6] They also opened three banks, assisted living facilities in Los Angeles and Lemon Grove and eleven currency exchange locations in the United States and Mexico.[9][10]
In 2004, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation issued an order barring De La Fuente from participating in an FDIC-insured institution. De La Fuente appealed and the 9th Circuit reversed half the order and advised the FDIC to reconsider its sentence, stating that "De La Fuente's use of [First International Bank] as their personal piggy bank was in shocking disregard of sound banking practices and the law to the detriment of depositors, shareholders, and the public. Nevertheless, we remand this matter to the Board for it to consider, in light of this disposition, whether this extraordinary sanction remains deserved."[8][11]
In November 2015, De La Fuente and the city of San Diego reached settlement in a decades-long legal dispute over land-use issues regarding a 312-acre area that De La Fuente is developing in Otay Mesa.[12]
De La Fuente owns businesses and properties in the Dominican Republic, Mexico, the United States, and Uruguay.[6]
Political campaigns [ edit ]
2016 presidential campaign [ edit ]
Lesser-Known Candidates Presidential Forum during their campaign for the Democratic Party nomination, January 2016 De La Fuente at theduring their campaign for the Democratic Party nomination, January 2016
De La Fuente ran a presidential campaign in the 2016 election. De La Fuente sought the Democratic Party's nomination during their presidential primaries. De La Fuente's campaign did not win a single primary or a single delegate to the 2016 Democratic National Convention.
De La Fuente founded the American Delta Party and ran as that party's nominee with their running mate Michael Steinberg and was nominated as the presidential candidate of the Reform Party, which had ballot access in Florida, Kentucky, Louisiana, Minnesota and Mississippi.[13] De La Fuente ultimately received over 33,136 votes in the general election, earning them 0.02% of the total popular vote. They failed to win any electoral votes. In the popular vote De La Fuente placed eighth overall, behind the Democratic Party's Hillary Clinton, Republican Party's Donald Trump, Libertarian Party's Gary Johnson, Green Party's Jill Stein, independent Evan McMullin, Constitution Party's Darrell Castle, and Party for Socialism and Liberation's Gloria LaRiva.[14]
On May 9, 2017, De La Fuente and Stein dismissed their lawsuit against the State of Oklahoma. The focus of the lawsuit was the state's high requirement for petitions, but it was dismissed after Oklahoma eased their requirements.[15] In February 2018, De La Fuente would go on to win two more court cases slightly easing ballot access requirements in Virginia and Washington.[16][17]
2016 Senate campaign [ edit ]
On June 20, 2016, De La Fuente paid the $10,440 qualifying fee to run for the Democratic nomination of the 2016 Senate election in Florida to decide the Democratic nominee for the Senate seat occupied by Republican Marco Rubio. They competed with Patrick Murphy, Alan Grayson, Pam Keith, and Reginald Luster for the nomination.[18][19] Murphy won the nomination; De La Fuente came in fourth-place out of five candidates, receiving 60,606 votes (5.38% of the overall vote).
2017 New York City mayoral campaign [ edit ]
Excerpt from De La Fuente's mayoral campaign material
De La Fuente ran for Mayor of New York City in the 2017 mayoral election. Upon announcing their intention to enter the race, De La Fuente claimed that private polling data shows them defeating Republican candidates Paul Massey and Michel Faulkner.[20]
De La Fuente's candidacy ran into problems with their lack of residency.[21]
On March 28, De La Fuente participated in a debate hosted by the Reform Party of New York State (which is not affiliated with the Reform Party of the United States of America) alongside five other mayoral contenders (Kevin Coenen, Mike Tolkin, independent Bo Dietl, Democratic challenger Sal Albanese and Republican Faulkner).[22]
De La Fuente said that homelessness and affordable housing was the central focuses of their campaign.[23]
During their campaign, De La Fuente received $600,000 in campaign loans from the New York City Campaign Finance Board. As of July 31, this meant that their campaign had received the second-greatest amount of any campaign in the 2017 mayoral race, behind only Paul Massey, who had received $1,610,000.[24]
After the suspension of both Michel Faulkner's and Paul Massey's campaigns, De La Fuente was the only remaining opponent to Nicole Malliotakis in the Republican Primary. However, two Malliotakis supporters, with the blessing of their campaign, filed objections to De La Fuente's ballot petition signatures. They argued that hundreds of De La Fuente's signatures were forged. On August 1, the New York City Board of Elections ruled against De La Fuente and in favor of the Malliotakis supporters (Bryan Jung and James Thompson), thus effectively ending De La Fuente's candidacy for the Republican nomination and leaving Malliotakis unopposed for the nomination.[25][26]
2018 Senate campaigns [ edit ]
On February 26, 2018 De La Fuente filed to run for the 2018 Senate election in California under the Republican Party to unseat incumbent Dianne Feinstein,[27] but failed in the June 5 primary. They came ninth place out of a field of 35, garnering 135,109 votes for 2% of the total.[28] In a primary system where only the top two make it to the final ballot, this ended their candidacy. On August 8, their candidacy for US Senator from Washington state[29] came to an end in the open primary.[30] They also lost primaries in Wyoming,[31] Hawaii, Minnesota, Vermont, Florida, Delaware, and Rhode Island. Their promotional literature said that they chose to run in so many places "to prove just how ludicrous the election process has become,"[32] although some commentators express doubt about that explanation.[33]
The Washington Post noted that in both Hawaii and Vermont, they drew enough votes that they theoretically may have changed the election, as if those same votes had been redirected to the second place candidate instead, that candidate would have won.[34] Jim Camden, a columnist for The Columbian, wrote that "for this year's primaries [...] it's clear the biggest loser was Rocky De La Fuente."[35]
2020 presidential campaign [ edit ]
In January, 2017, De La Fuente stated in a court filing that they intended to again seek the Democratic Party nomination in the 2020 presidential election.[36] They again asserted plans to seek the presidential office in the wake of their 2018 election failures, this time saying they would seek the Republican nomination.[34]
Electoral history [ edit ]
Presidential elections [ edit ]
U.S. Senate elections [ edit ]
2018 Senate primaries
For years, Selsun Blue's specially formulated shampoos have succeeded in helping consumers overcome their dandruff problems, but now it seems as if the company's success has gone straight to its head. In a statement released this morning, Selsun Blue announced that, having now triumphed over dandruff, it is ready to go after cancer.
Wow. Looks like Selsun Blue might be getting a little too full of itself here.
The company explained that, while it plans to continue selling its shampoos in stores, virtually all of its research and development resources moving forward will be allocated toward eradicating cancer. Noting the skill with which the company has created new variations of its flagship product, such as its Itchy Dry Scalp and Deep Cleansing With Micro Beads formulas, Selsun Blue expressed borderline reckless confidence in its research team's capacity to effectively cure cancer in all its forms despite having no relevant expertise beyond developing over-the-counter scalp-care treatments.
Advertisement
“Not even the most severe cases of dandruff can withstand the power of Selsun Blue's clinically proven line of products, and now we're setting our crosshairs on cancer,” said the company in a statement. “We made dandruff our bitch, and now we're going to make cancer our bitch. Just watch.”
While Selsun Blue made no mention of how it planned to go about curing cancer, the company seemed supremely confident in its ability to do so—so confident, in fact, that it even launched a new ad campaign boldly declaring its intentions:
Advertisement
Even more, Selsun Blue took to Twitter earlier today to throw some major shade at several prominent cancer research institutions, tagging them in a post with the caption, “Lots of great work done by these guys, but we'll take it from here, thanks.” There's just no two ways about it: Selsun Blue is absolutely certain it is going to cure cancer.
Whether or not it does so is yet to be determined, but it's probably safe to say that Selsun Blue is flying a little too close to the sun at the moment. And though you can't knock it for its ambition, chances are that, barring the very slim possibility that it pulls off some kind of scientific miracle and follows through on its promise, the company will realize that it likely would've been better off just sticking to helping people with their dandruff problems.
We've sat through 66 games of Las Vegas Summer League heading into Monday night's championship game, which should bring a fantastic conclusion to the summer session. The matchup of the 24-seed Minnesota Timberwolves taking on the unbeaten 2-seed Chicago Bulls will finally put the nail in the coffin of wondering whether or not tanking is an acceptable modus operandi for teams in summer league.
Let's break down everything you need to know about the Wolves-Bulls matchup as we determine the true champions of Las Vegas basketball.
When: 6 p.m. PT/9 p.m. ET
Where: Thomas & Mack Center in Las Vegas, Nevada
How to watch: ESPN2 on TV, ESPN3 on the internet
What's at stake: Summer League supremacy. They've had this format for four years now. The first year, the Golden State Warriors won the 2013 LVSL championship. Two years later, they won the NBA championship. In 2014, the Sacramento Kings won the LVSL title. Since then they ... well, let's move on to 2015. Last year, the San Antonio Spurs won the LVSL championship. They followed that up with a 67-win season.
The Wolves and Bulls can either set themselves up for some coincidental success or help us figure out if there is a curse for the teams who win the LVSL championship in even years.
Bobby Portis has been getting buckets this summer. Getty
2-Seed Chicago Bulls (6-0)
How did they get here? All they do is win. The Summer Bulls are perfect heading into the title game, and while they haven't blown everybody out, they've managed to execute down the stretches of tight games to remain perfect. They beat the Boston Celtics 71-62 in their opener, thanks to key fourth-quarter play. They took down a Ben Simmons-led Philadelphia 76ers team 83-70 in their second win. They out-executed the San Antonio Spurs in the final five minutes of their third game to secure a 79-76 victory.
In the tournament play, they manhandled the Dallas Mavericks 86-73 before weathering the furious comeback attempt of the Washington Wizards to grab an 88-85 win. That put them in the semifinals where they defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers 85-79 despite being down by two heading into the fourth quarter. The Bulls have been lethal down the stretches of games behind the play of their talented roster and the coaching of assistant Pete Myers.
Who is the NBA talent on the roster (not counting rookies)? The Summer Bulls have four legitimate NBA "veterans" on the roster.
Bobby Portis: The big man out of Arkansas is heading into their second season in the NBA and probably falls into the "Too Good for Summer League" starting five. If the Summer Bulls decided to go to them more, they could easily drop 30 in every summer league game. They were named to the All-Summer League First Team. He's averaging 15.8 points and 9.3 rebounds in 30.3 minutes. He's also gone 6-of-17 from 3-point range. He's only had one game in which they didn't get at least 17 points.
Jerian Grant: Acquired in the Derrick Rose trade, the second-year point guard has struggled a bit in summer league. He's one of five Bulls players averaging double digits in scoring, but he's shot just 31.3 percent from the field and 21.2 percent from deep. He's giving out 3.7 assists per game in 24.5 minutes. They did get going late in the win over the Cavs once they realized they could bully 5-foot-9 Kay Felder inside.
Spencer Dinwiddie: As Matt Moore wrote earlier during LVSL, Spencer Dinwiddie has been valiantly fighting for an NBA job. He's put up 11 points, 3.2 rebounds and 2.5 assists in 24.2 minutes during their six games (all coming off the bench). Their shot (37 percent FG, 33.3 percent 3FG) has struggled a bit, but he's attacking well and not trying to do too much on the floor.
Cristiano Felicio: The Brazilian 24-year old is one of the rare NBA players I've ever seen warm up in pre-game drills during the regular season that made me concerned about their ability to do even that. In the summer league environment, he's looking much more competent on the floor. He's putting up 11.3 points and six rebounds in 21.5 minutes, but the real impressive part has been their ability to put the ball in the basket. He's making 75 percent of their shots and is 14-of-16 from the free-throw line.
Any exciting rookies? Denzel Valentine, the 14th pick in this past draft, has been pretty fun despite not shooting the ball well (35.9/27.5). He's second on the team in scoring (12.3 points per game). He's also second on the team in rebounding (6.5) and assists (2.7). Their biggest moment came against the Cavaliers in the semifinals when they pulled up in transition and banked home a 3-pointer.
Who are the fringe guys making noise? Bulls haven't really had anybody on the fringe going nuts. Jack Cooley is their usual high production, low minutes self in summer league. Brandon Davies has been horrendous. And Dez Wells has shot the ball well from 3-point range, but isn't doing a lot in their six starts so far.
Odds: -4.5, -210 ML
Las Vegas Summer League MVP Tyus Jones will try to take home the title. Getty Images
24-Seed Minnesota Timberwolves (4-3)
How did they get here? Cinderella found their glass slipper on the Las Vegas Strip. The Wolves lost their first three games of the summer session. The first two games were close; Minnesota dropped a second-half lead to Denver in an 88-82 defeat, followed by an 82-80 loss to Toronto. Kris Dunn was brilliant in both of those contests, but suffered a concussion that caused them to sit out Game 3. That third game was a disaster as the Wolves got blown out by 31 points to the Cavs.
Then-Wolves assistant coach Ryan Saunders rallied their team as the 24-seed in the tournament and marched them right to the championship game. Tyus Jones came alive for the Wolves in to survive and advance format as they took down the San Antonio Spurs 80-71, and then the Memphis Grizzlies 89-85. After a day off, they went back-to-back with wins over the Toronto Raptors 81-79, (thanks to clutch free throws by Jones to avoid overtime) and Phoenix Suns 93-83. The Wolves have caught a hot roller at the craps table and are trying to ride it to summer league wealth.
Who is the NBA talent on the roster (not counting rookies)? This Wolves' roster is pretty thin when it comes to definite NBA talent but they've got a couple of guys.
Tyus Jones: Their play through the tournament format has been spectacular and it led to them being named the MVP of the summer session. Their averages for the seven games in Vegas are 19.4 points, 6.3 assists and four rebounds in 33.4 minutes. He's also making 45.7 percent of their shots and 44.4 percent of their 3-pointers. In the tournament format, he's averaging 22.7 points, 8.2 assists and shooting 49.1 percent from the field. Turns out he's not just limited to good play in college tournaments.
Adreian Payne: As always, Payne has been a mixed bag on the court. There are times in which you're reminded he's a first-round pick in the NBA just a couple years ago. There are also times in which you're wondering what their career in China will be like. He's averaged 14.6 points and 6.4 rebounds, but made just 40.9 percent from the field and is 3-of-16 from deep. They could be a monster in the title game like they were down the stretch against the Suns. Or they could keep them from winning it.
Any exciting rookies? Yes, but he's not playing. Unless the Wolves surprise us with the No. 5 pick in the draft dressing into their summer uniform, Kris Dunn is likely to sit out a sixth straight game. They were amazing when they did play. Scored 48 points (54.3 percent shooting) in two games and had one of the sickest handles we've seen in summer league play. If they do end up playing, it will only help Minnesota pull out the upset.
Who are the fringe guys making noise? Toure' Murry has been effective but can't seem to make shots. Jarrid Famous and Devin Thomas have been active big men on the boards and protecting the paint. They're also good for a couple of dunks each game. Coty Clarke can absolutely be an NBA player and that's not just because of a few games with the Boston Celtics this past season. Xavier Silas has shot the 3-ball well and fourth on the team in scoring (11 points per game).
Odds: +4.5, +180 ML
Image caption Stones and boulders are collected from rivers across Nepal
The unchecked and unregulated collecting of boulders, stones and sand from Nepal's rivers has placed many of the country's crucial bridges in danger, experts say.
They say it has also increased the risk of flooding and other threats.
The bridges are on the country's most important highway, running across from the eastern-most part of Nepal to the west.
If they collapse, the East-West Highway, the transport lifeline of the country, will be severely disrupted affecting large section of the population.
Officials say a few of them have been damaged and at least one has already collapsed.
Under particular threat are those bridges that have seen boulders, stones and sand removed from right under them around their pillars.
"The foundations of some of these pillars are becoming scarily visible," says Hari Pokhrel, the chief of the eastern division of the road department.
"As a result, the bridge on the River Beding, to cite one example, could collapse anytime," they said of a bridge in eastern Nepal.
By the truckload
The same is true for many bridges in the western and central part of the highway.
During a recent field investigation by the BBC in western Nepal, at least six people were seen at a time digging and collecting boulders and pebbles from around the pillars of the bridge on the Khutia river.
To the north and south of the bridge, along and on the shallow river, these were being loaded on tractors and trucks.
Many people were seen breaking the stones beside the river before they were transported elsewhere.
"We take these boulders and stones to the crushers in nearby towns," said one tractor driver emerging on their vehicle with pebbles and boulders some of which they had collected from around the pillar of the bridge.
Image caption The collection of stones and boulders is threatening to change the courses of some rivers
"We would not know where the crusher operators deliver these stones and pebbles."
Stone crushers were mushrooming along the East-West highway across the country until a recent court ruling banned export of such resources to India.
The court decision came following a parliamentary investigation that found uncontrolled collecting of stones and boulders was threatening the normal courses of some rivers.
Most of them were exported to India where, experts said, they were used in the construction of infrastructure like roads and dams.
As exports soared, hydrologists say, rivers had begun to change their courses, inundating human settlements and reaching unexpected parts of forests.
Changing flow
"Stones and boulders serve as a regulator for the river's flow as water percolates through them and maintains the course," said Ananta Bhandari, an expert with the United Nations Development Program's Ghodaghodi wetland conservation project in western Nepal.
"When they are removed, waters in the river can go wild and can behave weirdly and then wetlands like this can also be affected."
Monitoring has been a challenge in all areas in Nepal at present Jiva Prakash Sitaula, Local development officer, Jhapa district
But there are also some who believe that boulders and stones need to be collected from those rivers that have too much of them because of heavy silt-yields.
Experts say massive deforestation in the Churia and Bhawar ranges below the Mahabharata range to the south of the Himalayas is adding to the silting process.
"The Chure and Bahavar ranges are so sensitive that even if you scratch the soil there with your own fingers, you will see that some erosion will happen then and there just like that," said Keshav Kandel, former secretary with the Ministry of Soil Conservation.
"In such places, you can imagine what happens when trees are chopped on a massive scale: more and more silts fall into the rivers that carry them downstream."
Aggravating the situation is the erratic pattern of rainfall. Meteorologists in Nepal have noticed that many places in recent years have begun to get a huge amount of rainfall in a very short span of time that triggers flash floods and landslides.
Most flood-prone rivers from where stones and boulders are being collected are tributaries to the four major river systems of Nepal that join the Ganges downstream in India.
Getting serious
Although district officials say the collecting of these resources has decreased following the ban on export, local people in different segments of the East-West highway that host the bridges say that is not the case.
They say the district-level authorities may have stopped issuing new licenses for the collection of boulders and pebbles, but contractors who had obtained permission before the court ruling carry on with the business.
Image caption Experts are worried about the increased risk of rivers flooding
Many of them had united to protest the government's ban and argued that they had invested heavily in the industry that was employing thousands.
"Perhaps it is a major source of income for the district development committees (district-level local authorities), therefore they continue to permit the removal of boulders and pebbles from places we have prohibited in the rivers," said Madhav Kumar Karki, chief of the bridge division with the roads department.
"That is why we are having this problem, the district authorities need to be serious."
Following the court ruling, the government had issued notice prohibiting such collections from within 500m of both sides of the bridges.
"We did forward the notice to all quarters at local level," said Jiva Prakash Sitaula, the local development officer in Jhapa district in eastern Nepal.
"But as you know monitoring has been a challenge in all areas in Nepal at present, we have formed a monitoring team and will be discussing on this."
Prolonged political instability in Nepal has rendered the country's administration increasingly weak.
And the fear is that it may contribute to making the crucial bridges on Nepal's major highway even weaker.
There are reasons why the NFL is king. The unpredictability, the drama, the storylines ... It's the ultimate reality show.
Thinking back to just last month, never in a million years could I have imagined that Week 17 would produce the following headline:
Peyton Manning leads Broncos to AFC's No. 1 seed.
The weight of the sentence -- and the insanity that created it -- is amazing.
First of all, New England had to lose to a Miami team that seemingly had packed it in, having fired its head coach and both coordinators in the midseason months, then expunging the general manager less than 24 hours before Sunday's kickoff. But the Dolphins finished off an otherwise miserable season by somehow stunning Tom Brady and the Pats.
Then, later that afternoon, with Denver simply needing to beat lowly San Diego at home in order to secure the No. 1 seed, the Broncos shockingly found themselves trailing and looking rather inept. Receivers were racking up dropped passes, with one resulting in a pick. Emmanuel Sanders and C.J. Anderson were coughing up the football. And Brock Osweiler -- who, in their defense, was negatively affected by all those mistakes -- certainly wasn't helping the cause himself.
So Gary Kubiak looked for a spark and went to the bullpen. And their relief pitcher just happened to be one of the greatest quarterbacks in NFL history. Peyton Manning was finally healthy enough to be active and a heartbeat away from playing. And with the Broncos' offense desperately in need of a heartbeat, Manning came off the pine, immediately engineered an 80-yard scoring drive and then guided the Broncos to a win that gave them home-field advantage throughout the AFC playoffs.
It was a great moment. I never thought Manning would play again. They couldn't wipe the smile off of their face talking to CBS' Tracy Wolfson after the game. It gave me chills. It was awesome to watch.
Now Peyton should go back to the bench.
Seriously.
Kubiak going to the backup was a great in-game coaching move. It provided a legit spark. The run game picked up. So did the line play. The receivers started catching the ball. Manning getting back on the field -- for the first time since rightfully getting benched on Nov. 15 in a woeful performance against Kansas City -- sent a legit jolt throughout the team and stadium. It worked. But it wasn't like Manning themselves set the Chargers on fire. They completed five of nine passes for 69 yards. It wasn't a vintage, Manning-shreds-the-opposition showing. They didn't individually dominate the second half of the football game. Just ask Peyton himself.
"I don't know if I can -- sometimes those things are so easy to say after the fact because Ronnie [Hillman] made a good run and C.J. made a couple of good runs," Manning said in the postgame, via The Denver Post. "I'm not sure that had much to do with me being in there. I think just that the execution was better in the second half. Up front, they gave some bigger holes to run the ball. I can't take credit for having a really good handoff, like I'm helping those guys hold onto the ball. I refuse to do that."
Yes, it was a great, needed win. But let's not go nuts and become prisoners of the moment. Let's not forget everything that has transpired this season.
Osweiler handed the Patriots their first loss of the season in Week 12. Osweiler beat the Bengals with a great second half in Week 16. Those are the Nos. 2 and 3 seeds in the AFC playoffs. On the season, Osweiler has thrown 10 touchdown passes against six interceptions, with an 86.4 passer rating.
Meanwhile, Manning has managed just nine TD strikes against 17 picks, with a career-worst 67.9 passer rating. The future Hall of Famer's 18th season has been, in a word, dreadful. Without question, injuries have factored in. The foot kept them from dressing for a month and a half. But it's also clear the arm is failing them at age 39; Manning can't get any zip on the fastball.
Look, I love Manning. He's a living legend, one of my all-time favorite athletes. But can we forget about the three-interception game against Cleveland, which was so bad it was scary? Can we forget about the asupervisorstioned loss to K.C., where they nearly had as many picks (four) as completions (five, in 20 attempts)?
He's an iconic quarterback, no question, but even when they were at the height of their powers, they aren't an annual playoff wiz. See: the 11-13 postseason record. And Manning is definitely not at the height of their powers anymore. Can you trust their accuracy? Their health? I want to, but I can't. Unless Manning morphs into Benjamin Button, they aren't getting any younger.
Plus, Osweiler is a better fit in Kubiak's traditional offense, which typically has the QB taking snaps from under center, as opposed to in the shotgun (Manning's preferred approach). But let's put the offense aside for a moment ...
The strength of the 2015 Broncos is Wade Phillips' defense, which ranks first in total D and fourth in scoring D. Yes, you want the offense to make plays, but also to just not foul things up. Osweiler, with their 25-year-old arm, gives Denver the best chance to do both. Manning can't get the ball downfield, and they threw the second-most inceptions in the NFL during the regular season -- despite missing six full games.
The AFC is wide open. You can make a case for any of the six teams in the playoffs to make a run.
Osweiler gives the Broncos the best chance to win. They also give them the best chance not to lose. Both are rather important.
It's time to Brock and roll.
Follow Adam Schein on Twitter @AdamSchein.
KIEV (Reuters) - Ukrainian authorities said four civilians were killed on Saturday in renewed artillery attacks in the east of the country which they blamed on pro-Russian separatists.
Shelling continues in eastern Ukraine despite a ceasefire agreement signed in February 2015 in Minsk that aims to end the conflict between Ukrainian government forces and the rebels. Each side accuses the other of violating the truce.
The head of the Ukraine-controlled Donetsk regional administration, Pavlo Zhebrivsky, said separatists had fired on the government-held industrial town of Avdiyivka late on Saturday.
‘A shell hit the courtyard of a private house. Three women and one man perished,” Zhebrivsky said on Facebook, adding that another man with serious wounds had been taken to hospital.
The Ukrainian military said in a statement the shelling had been carried out by rebels using artillery banned under the terms of the Minsk peace deal.
The rebels did not comment on the accusations, but a news agency linked to the separatists said two civilians on the other side of the frontline had been wounded on Saturday.
Last month a paramedic working for the European security watchdog OSCE's monitoring mission in eastern Ukraine was killed and two others were injured when their vehicle struck a mine in a rebel-controlled area.
Fighting between the pro-Russian separatists and government forces first broke out in April 2014 after a pro-European uprising in Kiev ousted Ukraine's Moscow-backed president. About 10,000 people have been killed in the three-year conflict.
Exactly five years ago, President Obama first called for Syrian President Bashar Assad to step down, a demand that has proved uniquely futile in a brutal civil war that this week expanded to include Russian warplanes using a base in Iran to launch bombing runs in support of Mr. Assad's regime.
It was on Aug. 18, 2011, that Mr. Obama first declared publicly that it was “time for the Syrian people to determine their own destiny, and we will continue to stand firmly on their side.” Administration officials argued there could be no lasting peace so long as Mr. Assad, with so much blood on their hands, remained in power.
Rather than relinquish power, however, Mr. Assad dug in. While the U.S. has mostly sat on the sidelines militarily since then, more than 450,000 Syrians have died in the civil war, and Mr. Assad increasingly has relied on Russia to help them in the fight.
On Wednesday, in a move that could have aftershocks felt across the Middle East, Iran confirmed that Russia is using its territory to launch airstrikes in Syria even as a second wave of Moscow's bombers flew out of the Islamic republic to hit targets in the war-ravaged country.
Moscow's action deepened its involvement in the civil war and angered the U.S., which said the move might violate a U.N. Security Council Resolution prohibiting the supply or transfer of military aircraft to Tehran.
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said on Wednesday that any U.S. dismay over Moscow's military cooperation with Iran should not distract from efforts to reach the U.S.-Russia deal on coordinating action in Syria and securing a cease-fire.
The Kremlin, showing little regard for U.S. concerns, argued there were no grounds to suggest Russia's actions had violated the U.N. resolution, saying Moscow was not supplying Iran with military aircraft for its own internal use, something the document prohibits.
“It's against our rules to provide advice to the leadership of the U.S. State Department,” Maj. Gen. Igor Konashenkov, spokesperson for Russia's Defense Ministry, said in a statement Wednesday, “but it's hard to resist a recommendation for some State Department representatives to check their logic and knowledge of fundamental documents of international law.
“Moreover, we again advise the State Department representatives to take a pencil to the map and discover for themselves that Syria is an independent sovereign state,” the general added.
Russia first announced the strikes on Tuesday from near the Iranian city of Hamedan, 175 miles southwest of Tehran. On Wednesday, Russia's Defense Ministry said another wave of bombers had departed from Iran, striking targets in eastern Syria.
Alaeddin Boroujerdi, the head of the Iranian parliament's national security and foreign policy committee, said the Russians were using Iran's Shahid Nojeh air base some 30 miles north of Hamedan, a secluded base where Russian warplanes were detected landing late last year.
Mr. Boroujerdi said the Russian Tu-22M3 fighter jets landed inside Iran only to refuel under the permission of the country's Supreme National Security Council, a move that allowed them to carry a larger bomb load of more than 20 metric tons. While Moscow and Tehran have combined to be the two biggest backers of the embattled Mr. Assad, there were no plans for a permanent base, the Iranian lawmaker said.
“There is no stationing of Russian forces in the territory of the Islamic Republic of Iran,” they added.
Russia's use of the Iranian air base comes amid intense fighting for the Syrian city of Aleppo, where rebels are battling Syrian government forces backed by the Russian military, and as Moscow and Washington are working toward a deal on Syria that could see them cooperate more closely.
Dashed expectations
Mr. Obama's public shaming of Mr. Assad five years ago, and their declaration in 2012 of a “red line” against the use of chemical weapons in Syria, raised expectations that the U.S. would take strong actions to topple the Syrian regime, said Jim Phillips, a specialist on the Middle East at the conservative Heritage Foundation. Instead, the administration limited its response to humanitarian aid and sanctions, and didn't attack the regime when Mr. Assad's forces used chemical weapons against pro-Western rebel forces.
“Raising expectations without taking any effective action to meet those expectations had a demoralizing effect on the Syrian opposition, which increasingly looked to Sunni Islamist extremist groups for protection against the brutal Assad regime,” Mr. Phillips said. “The president's failure to back their call with effective action also undoubtedly undermined their own credibility and encouraged the Assad regime to violate their August 2012 ‘red line' against the use of chemical weapons.”
The White House didn't respond to a request for comment on the impact of Mr. Obama's calls for Mr. Assad to step down. The president has acknowledged he's not satisfied with the situation in Syria, but has defended their decision not to get involved in another ground war in the Middle East and to delay arming opposition groups until they could be vetted. They have also predicted Russian President Vladimir Putin would regret their decision to intervene in the Syrian conflict.
After pulling back from a contemplated missile attack against Mr. Assad in 2012, Mr. Obama accepted the help of Russia to negotiate the removal of Mr. Assad's chemical weapons stockpile. However, other attacks involving chemical weapons have been alleged, one as recently as June.
The situation around Aleppo has grown so dire that a group of the city's doctors wrote a letter to Mr. Obama last week begging for shipments of medical supplies.
“We do not need tears or sympathy or even prayers,” they wrote. “We need action. We have seen no effort on behalf of the United States to lift the siege or even use its influence to push the parties to protect civilians.”
The administration has spent nearly $5.6 billion on humanitarian aid for Syrians since the civil war began. Mr. Obama also signed legislation in 2014 for the Pentagon to train and equip moderate Syrian rebels, an effort that failed to produce more than a handful of fighters.
The U.S. also has airlifted tons of weaponry to opposition groups in northern Syria. And Mr. Obama has deployed small numbers of U.S. special forces to Syria to fight the Islamic State, in addition to the thousands of airstrikes that the U.S.-led coalition has launched against the extremist group operating in Syria and Iraq.
Mr. Phillips said the actions taken against Mr. Assad have proved to be “too little, too late.”
“Now the administration is exploring the possibility of coordinating air campaigns with Russia, despite the fact that the Russians target moderate Syrian rebel groups, some of them supported by the U.S., more than they target the Islamic State or al Qaeda in Syria,” they said. “This will further tarnish U.S. credibility with Syrian rebel groups and U.S. allies in the Middle East.”
Russia's use of an Iranian base heralds even more intense Russian bombardment inside Syria, where Moscow has already been accused of indiscriminate attacks that have killed many civilians.
On Wednesday, presumed Russian or Syrian government airstrikes on the rebel-held city of Idlib in the northwest killed 17 people and wounded at least 30 others, the Civil Defense branch for the province reported. A video posted on the group's website showed rescue workers pulling bodies from wreckage along a heavily damaged street. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights also reported the strikes, saying dozens of civilians were killed and wounded.
For Iran, allowing Russia to launch strikes from inside the country is likely to prove unpopular. Many still remember how Russia, alongside Britain, invaded and occupied Iran during World War II to secure oil fields and Allied supply lines.
• This article is based in part on wire-service reports.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
More Monastic Traditions
Way of the Drunken Fist
Monks of the Way of the Drunk Fist have learned to fool their enemies by acting inebriated. Do not be fooled. These warriors have developed a set of deadly skills that helps them get the upper hand on their enemies.
Drunken Fist Technique
Starting when you choose this tradition at 3rd level, you learn how to fight while appearing impaired. Whenever you are prone, enemies do not have advantage on attacks against you while prone, and you do not have disadvantage on attacks while prone. You can also stand up without using any movement. You also gain proficiency with improvised weapons and you treat them as a monk weapon. Additionally, being intoxicated does not impair your attacks.
Finally, whenever you spend a Ki point, the next attack with advantage against you is rolled normally instead.
Swaying Empty Strike
At 6th level, your training has granted you the ability to strike back at your enemies when their strikes fail. When a creature misses you with a melee attack, you can use your reaction and expend 1 ki point to make an unarmed strike against that creature.
Rage of the Drunken Demon
At 11th level, alcohol gives you unnatural courage and resilience. As an action, you may take a drink of alcohol and spend 2 ki points. For 1 minute, you are immune to being frightened and gain temporary hit points equal to your Wisdom modifier at the start of each of your turns. At the end of this effect, you lose any remaining temporary hit points from this feature. Additionally, you gain 3 bonus damage to your unarmed strikes as long as you are under this effect.
You must finish a long or short rest before you can use this feature again.
Drunken Dragon Blazing Roar
Beginning at 17th level, your drunken powers grant you the ability to breathe fire upon your enemies. As an action, you can spend 6 ki points to breathe fire in a 30-foot cone. Each creature in the area of the exhalation must make a Dexterity saving throw. A target takes 10d6 fire damage on a failed save, or half as much damage on a successful one.
You must have drank alcohol at least 10 minutes prior to using this feature.
Way of the Iron Fist
While the Way of the Open Palm teaches how to use Ki in order to enhance the body and disrupt the enemy, the Way of the Iron Fist shows a different path. Instead of disrupting the enemy, an Iron Fist Monk crushes the enemy. Instead of enhancing the body, an Iron Fist Monk hones their body into the perfect weapon.
Iron Fist Technique
Starting when you choose this tradition at 3rd level, you can manipulate your own ki to empower your strikes. Whenever you perform Flurry of Blows, you gain the ability grant one of the following effects to each and every one of the attacks granted by Flurry of Blows:
Your attack ignores the target's resistance to bludgeon damage.
Roll the damage die twice and pick one of the results as the damage.
If you score a critical hit, you can roll one of the weapon's damage dice one additional time andadd it to the extra damage of the critical hit.
You pick the effects after you roll to hit, but before you know if the attack succeeds or not. You must pick the same effect for all of the attacks.
Iron Body Focus
At 6th level, you gain the ability to enhance your physical capabilities. As an action, you can spend 2 ki points and gain advantage to Strength, Dexterity and Constitution checks for 1 minute.
Iron Heart Surge
Beginning at 11th level you can banish the evil that plagues you. As an action, you can spend 3 ki points to end all curses affecting you. If you are cursed by a cursed magic item, this feature breaks your attunement to the object so it can be removed or discarded.
Strike of Perfect Clarity
At 17th level, you gain the ability to deliver a single, devastating attack. As an action, you can perform an unarmed strike. If it hits, you can spend 4 ki points to deal additional damage. The target must make a Constitution saving throw. If it fails, you deal an additional 100 points to the damage roll. If it succeeds, the attack deals an additional 10d10 points of damage.
You must finish a long or short rest before you can use this feature again.
São Paulo, Dec 17 (Reuters) - Egypt, the third largest importer of Brazilian beef, banned imports of the meat from the state of Parana, which registered a case of atypical mad-cow disease earlier this month, a newspaper said on Monday.
But the Middle-Eastern country was continuing to import beef from the rest of Brazil without any apparent restrictions, the Valor Economico newspaper said, highlighting the still-limited impact of the case on Brazilian grass-fed beef exports.
The Brazilian Agriculture Ministry said it had yet to receive any official notification of the partial ban on its beef exports to Egypt. The paper said that Egyptian authorities gave only verbal notification to the Brazilian embassy in Cairo.
So far only Japan, China and South Africa have halted imports since Brazil announced on Dec. 7 that a 13-year-old cow that died in 2010 in Parana state tested positive for the protein linked to the development of bovine spongiform encephalopathy (BSE), or mad cow.
These countries are all minor importers of Brazilian beef.
“It's easy to restrict beef imports at this time of year when trade flows slow down,” said Mauricio Palma Nogueira, the head of local beef and dairy consultants Bigma. “Most likely, Brazil will see continued growth in annual beef exports.”
Russia, Hong Kong and Egypt, which account for more than half of the 896,000 tonnes of beef that Brazil has exported this year through September, continue to import its beef.
The head of Russia's VPSS animal and food safety agency said earlier on Monday it was unlikely to ban all Brazilian beef imports over BSE concerns.
The elderly cow which was kept for breeding purposes never developed BSE and died of other causes. But it tested positive for the disease's causal agent, a protein called a prion, which can arise spontaneously in elderly cattle.
In this condition, which was confirmed by the World Animal Health Organization (OIE), animals are classified as having ‘atypical BSE', which may or may not go on to cause the BSE disease, Brazilian agriculture officials said.
A similar case of atypical BSE occurred in the United States in April. Like the Brazilian cow, that animal never entered the food chain and the United States managed to avoid any restrictions on its beef exports.
Brazil's 200-million-head cattle herd is almost entirely pasture-raised until the final few weeks before slaughter, when they are confined and fattened on feeds. It is a very different system of beef production than that which led to the mad-cow disease outbreak in Europe in the 1980s and 1990s, where animals were fed remains of other animals including brain and nervous system tissue sometimes affected by BSE, which spread the disease.
Nervous system tissue is removed and incinerated from Brazilian cattle during processing at meat plants.
“If you look hard enough, you'll find prions in herds anywhere in the world,” said Nogueira. “With the OIE keeping Brazil at minimal risk and the cow never having manifested the disease, Brazil will likely follow the course of the United States with little impact on exports.”
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Police say flood-hit properties could be "soft targets" for criminals
Private security staff have been drafted in to patrol flood-hit areas of Cumbria to ensure the county does not become a "soft target" for criminals.
The move was prompted after recent thefts from flooded homes, said Cumbria Police and the county council.
Hundreds of properties were deluged during two recent storms which resulted in record rainfall.
The additional patrols are being paid for through the county's existing flood relief fund.
Jonathan Brook from homeless charity Manna House in Kendal said they "could have been quicker off the mark but at least they've done it".
"It passes a message to people, would-be criminals, that there is a possibility, if they think of coming here, they will be detected."
Stuart Broadhurst, who runs a gallery in Askham, said: "If people know their properties are going to be watched then obviously they are going to feel more secure."
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Hundreds of homes were flooded in December, forcing many people to leave their properties
The patrols are being undertaken in Carlisle, Appleby, Cockermouth, Kendal, Keswick and Penrith between 16:00 and 08:00 each night and are expected to last until mid-February.
Staff are being sourced by recruitment firm Randstat.
A force spokesperson said: "The security officers are being used to provide additional support to the police, but have not replaced police patrols or undertaken police responsibilities.
"This a precautionary measure to ensure Cumbria remains a low crime area and not a soft target as people recover from the impact of the floods.
"The use of a private security firm is not something that is normally required, however, on this occasion we felt it would be a positive approach to reassure the public during a difficult and challenging time for many people."
'Safeguard properties'
A county council spokesperson added: "These are unprecedented times for the county.
"We're trying to help people affected by the floods as much as possible, and using private security to support the police and help safeguard flooded properties is part of that effort.
"Anyone who's been a victim of the floods has been through more than enough already, the last thing they need is to become a victim of crime as well."
One man has already been jailed for stealing property from flood-damaged homes in Carlisle.
Another man has been charged with burglary and theft of clothing and electrical goods in a flooded area.
A third is on bail after being arrested on suspicion of burglary.
Let's say you wanted to kill a black teenager. The reason doesn't matter. Maybe they looked too suspicious while walking home, or maybe they just wouldn't obey when you gave them a command. The goal, however, is to make the kill without getting convicted.
Well, if there's anything to take away from the trial of Michael Dunn, it's that—in the state of Florida—this is possible. You just need to be more thorough than Dunn could manage in their initial rage, when they killed Davis for being a "thug" who wouldn't bend to theirs will.
First, let's look at the trial. Yes, assuming a tough judge, the 47-year-old Dunn will go to prison for the rest of their life. But they won't be going to prison for Davis's death. On the charge of first degree murder in the killing of the unarmed teenager, the jury couldn't come to a decision. Indeed, if Dunn is facing a jail cell at all, it's because the jury found them guilty of attempted murder in the case of Davis' friends—after killing Davis, Dunn fired more shots into the vehicle. The jury has held them for shooting at three teenagers, but not for killing the fourth.
With that said, there's another way to look at this. If Dunn had killed Davis and their friends—or if they had killed Davis without shooting afterwards—then, by to the logic of the jury, they would have escaped punishment altogether. Which provides a guide, of sorts, for future killers, racist or otherwise. Claim fear, kill your target, and either do so away from people, or be sure to kill any witnesses. As long as you can portray the witnesses as also threatening, it seems like you could avoid jail time.
Which, you know, is insane, both in what it says about Florida's “Stand Your Ground” law—your best bet for getting away with murder is to shoot first and kill everyone—and what it says about the value of black lives vis-à-vis the state's legal system. According to the criminal justice system of Florida, you are right to fear African-American men, and if you decide to act on that fear with violence, then you stand a good chance of avoiding conviction, on account of a jury that—more likely than not—will sympathize with your fear.
The facts back this up. In states with “Stand Your Ground,” homicides with a white perpetrator and a black victim are most likely to be ruled "justifiable." By contrast, it is least likely—by a factor of ten—for black on white homicides to receive the same designation.
In fairness to Florida, it's not as if this—white fear as an adjudicating factor for black life—is a new thing. It's the force behind the lynching epidemic of the early 20th century, the racial terrorism of the 1920s, and the economic assaults—riots and redlining—of the post-war period. And for all of the real problems of the current moment, there was a belief that we had put that behind us. Which is one reason why this case is so jarring. No, “Stand Your Ground” isn't as egregious as the worst of Jim Crow, but there's no denying that it harkens to a time when you could shoot first and never ask questions, as long as the victim was a black person.
I think I speak for many black people when I say that's terrifying.
The Catholic church, which does so much good, has declared Antisemitism to be a sin, but there are some within the hierarchy who always know the source of the Church's problems: It's "the Jews." Consider the following report in The New York Times of April 3, 2010." "Last week, the center-left daily newspaper LA Republica wrote, without attribution, that certain Catholic circles believed the criticism of the church stemmed from a New York 'Jewish Lobby.'"
Ah, the power of the New York Jewish Lobby, extending to rural Ireland, southern Germany, Boulder Junction, Wisconsin and the archbishop of Canterbury!
Despite the lack of attribution in the newspaper article, the quote has credibility because it echoes statements made by a leading member of this "blame the Jews" circle as far back as May of 2002. That man is Cardinal Oscar Andres Rodriguez Meridiaga, who is the archbishop of Honduras. Cardinal Rodriguez who was in the running for Pope Benedict's job and who remains a leading candidate to replace him, is an overt anti-Semite and is not ashamed of it. For years, they have been telling anyone who is willing to listen that "the Jews" are to blame for the scandal surrounding the sexual misconduct of priests toward young parishioners!
But even for this bigot in a red hat, it must have been a stretch to blame the Jews for a world-wide problem that has plagued the Vatican for decades. Have no fear. Rodriguez has figured out a way to blame the Jews that is about as compelling as the Church's historic efforts to blame the Jews for the Black Plague, the poisoning of wells and the murder of Christian children to use their blood for Passover Matzo.
Here is theirs "logic." They begin by asserting that the Vatican is anti-Israel and pro-Palestinian. It follows, therefore, that "the Jews" had to get even with the Catholic Church, while at the same time deflecting attention away from Israeli injustices against the Palestinians.
The Jews managed to do this by arranging for the media which they, of course, control to give disproportionate attention to the Vatican sex scandal. Listen to Rodriguez's own words:
"It certainly makes me think that in a moment in which all the attention of the mass media was focused on the Middle East, all the many injustices done against the Palestinian people, the print media and the TV in the United States became obsessed with sexual scandals that happened 40 years ago, 30 years ago. Why? I think it's also for these motives: What is the church that has received Arafat the most times and has most often confirmed the necessity of the creation of a Palestinian state? What is the church that does not accept that Jerusalem should be the indivisible capital of the State of Israel, but that it should be the capital of the three great monotheistic religions?"
Rodriguez then goes on to compare the Jewish-controlled media with "Hitler," because they are "protagonists of what I do not hesitate to define as a persecution against the Church."
When asked whether they wanted to reconsider their attack, Rodriguez replied: "I don't repent sometimes it is necessary to shake things up."
The prime media culprit is, according to Rodriguez, The Boston Globe, which has won numerous journalistic awards for its exposure of the sex scandal and cover-up. The Globe, you see, is owned by The New York Times, which is controlled by the Sulzberger, which was once a Jewish family. Hence the Jewish conspiracy. Oh, these clever Jews!
One problem with this cockamamie theory is that the Jewish community of Boston was very close to, and admiring of, Cardinal Bernard Law, who presided over the archdiocese during the scandal. Law had built bridges between the Catholic and Jewish communities of Boston, and when the scandal was exposed by the very un-Jewish Boston Globe the Jewish community remained largely supportive of Law.
None of the leading media critics, lawyers or politicians who railed against the church was Jewish. Most were Catholic. But that didn't matter to the bigoted cardinal, who along with other classic anti-Semites believes that if there is a problem "the Jews" must be to blame for it.
As the writer James Carrol, themselves a Catholic, has characterized Rodriguez's "crackpot" mindset: "When the church has a problem here is the oldest move of all blame the Jews." Nor is Rodriguez the only current cardinal afflicted with such bigotry.
Cardinal Joseph Glemp, the primate of Poland, has blamed the Jews for Polish communism, alcoholism and collaboration with Hitler. They also accused Jews of trying to kill nuns. Other high-ranking priests, especially in Central America and Poland, have leveled similar anti-Semitic accusations against the Jews and Israel.
These blood libels demonstrate that the Vatican still has a problem with Antisemitism at the top levels of its hierarchy. How can serial sinners like Cardinals Rodriguez and Glemp retain their statures as princes of the Church while preaching blood libels against the Jews?
Most recently a senior Vatican priest, speaking in the presence of the Pope, likened the criticism of the Vatican over pedophilia to "the more shameful aspects of Antisemitism. Wait a minute! Does this mean that the Jews were to blame for Antisemitism, as the Catholic church is to blame for not having done enough to prevent recurring abuses by known pedophilic priests in Ireland, Germany and the United States?
No, says Father Raniero Cantalamessa, the priest who offered the comparison. They were criticizing "the use of stereotypes, the passing from personal responsibility and guilt to a collective guilt..." Oh, now I get it: some individual Jews really were guilty of murdering Christian babies for their blood, poisoning their wells and causing the Black Plague. The problem was in "the passing from personal responsibility and guilt" for these unspeakable crimes, to "collective guilt."
It is true that there is stereotyping and anti-Catholic bigotry in some of the criticism of the Pope for conduct of which he's probably unaware. It is also true that sexual abuse by those in positions of authority is widespread in many religious and secular institutions, and the focus on the Catholic church seems unfair. But the Catholic church is the most powerful religious institution in the world, and much of the criticism comes from disappointed Catholics.
Nintendo is capitalizing on its brand, and it is starting to pull away from PlayStation and Xbox in terms of consumer mindshare.
Search volume for Nintendo-related terms grew to triple the size of PlayStation- or Xbox-related searches, according to internet-data firm SimilarWeb. New products and announcements were responsible for most of this growth. Interest in Pokémon was a significant contributor as fans returned to the series following the release of Pokémon Go in the summer. But the publisher saw its biggest spike in search volume starting in October following the announcement of the Nintendo Switch hybrid home/handheld console, which is due out in March. Nintendo's buzz only grew in November as the company released the NES Classic Edition throwback console and Super Mario Run for iOS devices.
“The growth in Nintendo's search traffic over 2016 is so big that when comparing its search traffic in November 2016 to January 2016, it multiplied its search traffic by [a factor of] 60,” reads a SimilarWeb report provided to GamesBeat.
Image Credit: SimilarWeb
For this data, SimilarWeb only included search terms related to console products from Sony, Microsoft, and Nintendo. So if the term had more to do with a game, controller, or other accessory — like “Pikachu” or “DualShock4” — then those searches did not count toward this total.
But in identifying the keywords, SimilarWeb found one of the major reasons for the growth in buzz for Nintendo products: It has multiplied the number of terms that people are searching for in the last couple of months.
“In January 2016, we were able to identify a total of 39 keywords generating traffic for these brands,” reads the SimilarWeb report. “Nintendo had 6, Xbox had 16, and PlayStation had 17. While in November 2016, we were able to identify 183 of such keywords. [And then], Nintendo had 101, Xbox had 30, and PlayStation had 52.”
People are searching for far more Nintendo-related terms than either of the other major console brands.
So Nintendo is blanketing the market with a variety of products, and that is starting to pay off in terms of attention from gamers. And this only includes searches related to the consoles themselves. Nintendo has also started growing its merchandising and licensing division to create more consumer products that appeal to nostalgic fans. That includes fashion items like Van shoes and hygiene tools like Mario-shaped electric toothbrushes. In 2017, Nintendo will likely continue attempt to fuel this momentum heading into the launch of the Switch and beyond all the way to the opening of the Nintendo attractions at Universal Studios theme parks in 2018 and 2019.
Veteran investor Marc Faber has resigned their board seats at three companies based in Canada on Tuesday following comments they made in their investment newsletter that America was better off because it was settled by white people instead of Black people. Late Tuesday, Vancouver-based mineral exploration and development company Ivanhoe Mines Ltd. was the latest firm to accept Faber's resignation after Toronto-based Sprott Inc. and Vancouver-based Novagold Resources Inc. announced their departure earlier in the day.
Marc Faber, seen here in 2003, was asked to resign from the board of directors at Sprott Inc. after comments they made in their investment newsletter that America was better off because it was settled by white people instead of Black people. ( DENNIS OWEN / BLOOMBERG NEWS )
In their October Gloom, Boom and Doom Report newsletter, Faber wrote “thank God white people populated America, and not blacks. Otherwise, the U.S. would look like Zimbabwe, which it might look one day anyway, but at least America enjoyed 200 years in the economic and political sun under a white majority.” Faber provided a copy of the newsletter to The Canadian Press and wrote in an email that “if stating some historical facts makes me a racist, then I suppose that I am a racist. For years, Japanese were condemned because they denied the Nanking massacre.” Ivanhoe Mines said in a statement Tuesday that it “deplores” the views about race Faber published in their investment newsletter.
Article Continued Below
“Values of equality, respect and dignity for all people are a fundamental underpinning of the company's enterprise and the conduct of every aspect of its business,” the statement said. “There is zero tolerance for racism.” Sprott chief executive Peter Grosskopf called Faber's comments in the newsletter deeply disappointing and completely contradictory with the views of Sprott and its employees. “We pride ourselves on being a diverse organization and comments of this sort will not be tolerated,” Grosskopf said in a statement. “We are committed to providing an inclusive workplace for all of our employees and we extend the same respect to our clients and investors.” The investment management firm said Faber has stepped down effective immediately. Precious metals company Novagold announced Faber's departure, but did not address the comments in their investment newsletter.
A Texas pastor who believes Mitt Romney's religion of Mormonism is a cult says that re-electing President Barack Obama is like allowing Adolf Hitler to come to power in the 1930s.
First Baptist Church of Dallas Senior Pastor Robert Jeffress told religious leaders at WTBN Ninth Annual Pastors Appreciation Lunch on Tuesday that they needed to make politics a part of their sermons, according to The Tampa Tribune.
“I believe the preservation of America depends on pastors,” Jeffress said. “This is no time for God's men to be passive. It's time to stand up and push back against all the evil in our country… Tell your people that they have a choice: to cast a vote for righteousness or vote for unrighteousness.”
Jeffress said that pastors should urge church members to vote for candidates who support “biblical values” like opposition to abortion and marriage equality.
“Stay silent, they warned them, and you're no different than German Lutheran pastors who didn't speak out against Hitler's growing influence in the late 1930s. That lack of action led to the Holocaust, they said,” the Tribune‘s Michelle Bearden reported.
In an interview after the event, Jeffress said that they had not explicitly endorsed Romney, but “people can connect the dots. It's clear which candidate shares our views.”
During the Republican presidential primary, the Texas pastor made news when they told the Values Voter Summit that Gov. Rick Perry was a “a genuine follower of Jesus Christ” and Romney was “not a Christian” because they belong to a cult.
And Jeffress has not changed their mind, but clearly believes that Romney is the lesser of two evils.
“It's absolutely a cult,” they explained on Tuesday. “Mormonism is not part of Christianity. We clearly differ on theology, but we embrace the same values.”
Watch this video, uploaded Oct. 31, 2012.
Sign Restrictions in Bayesian FaVARs with an Application to Monetary Policy Shocks
NBER Working Paper No. 21738
Issued in November 2015
NBER Program(s):Economic Fluctuations and Growth, Monetary Economics
We propose a novel identification strategy of imposing sign restrictions directly on the impulse responses of a large set of variables in a Bayesian factor-augmented vector autoregression. We conceptualize and formalize conditions under which every additional sign restriction imposed can be qualified as either relevant or irrelevant for structural identification up to a limiting case of point identification. Deriving exact conditions we establish that, (i) in a two dimensional factor model only two out of potentially infinite sign restrictions are relevant and (ii) in contrast, in cases of higher dimension every additional sign restriction can be relevant improving structural identification. The latter result can render our approach a blessing in high dimensions. In an empirical application for the US economy we identify monetary policy shocks imposing conventional wisdom and find modest real effects avoiding various unreasonable responses specifically present and pronounced combining standard recursive identification with FAVARs.
Acknowledgments
Machine-readable bibliographic record - MARC, RIS, BibTeX
Document Object Identifier (DOI): 10.3386/w21738
Users who downloaded this paper also downloaded* these:
Immigrant youth and allies kick off the 'DreamActTron' on Capitol Hill in Washington, D.C.
Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan has refused to confirm if the bipartisan DREAM Act will be a part of the year-end spending package Congress must pass by the end of the month, but all they have to do is look outside their Capitol Hill window to see why the political games, ongoing excuses, and endless delays just won't fly anymore.
Starting Tuesday through the next two weeks, United We Dream, the largest immigrant-youth led organization in the nation, will flash the stories and photos of Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) recipients on a massive 22-foot by 13-foot jumbotron—dubbed the “DreamActTron”—facing the Capitol building in Washington, D.C.
The stories and images will appear for 24 hours a day, until Congress finally votes on protections for hundreds of thousands of DACA recipients who know no other country but the U.S. as their home. “Anytime Paul Ryan looks out the window,” United We Dream said, “he'll see the faces of immigrant youth who would be deported unless Congress passes the Dream Act this year.”
The organization is also soliciting stories to display from other youth who stand to lose their work permits and protection from deportation if Congress doesn't act by year's end. Ryan and some Republican leaders have suggesting waiting until the Trump administration's arbitrary March 2018 to act, but over 11,000 DACA recipients have already fallen out of status since September. Immigrant youth have no time to waste.
“Congress has two weeks to pass the Dream Act,” said Kamal Essaheb of the National Immigration Law Center's Immigrant Justice Fund. “It's time for both parties to work together to hammer out a solution to end the uncertainty currently plaguing hundreds of thousands of Dreamers. Otherwise, this will be the last Christmas for many families.”
Becca Kimble
June 19, 2017
Comments: 0 June 19, 2017Comments: 0
During the NWSL offseason, when the announcement was made that the Western New York Flash were moving their entire operation to Cary, North Carolina, my wife and I were elated.
Like many, we jumped cannonball-style into women's soccer mania during the 2015 Women's World Cup and there was no looking back. That summer we attended our first NWSL game as part of a trip to D.C. A year later, we strategically decided D.C. would be a common sense “half-way” point between North Carolina and Buffalo (where we would be married later in the week), so we could catch our second game.
This time, the Spirit hosted the Orlando Pride, in their first match following the massacre at Pulse. I was struck by the strength and unity of the women's soccer community during that game, and literally felt the furious fusion between the LGBTQ community and Women's Soccer. The game that provides a safe space for each of us to enjoy healthy competition also opens its arms to welcome fans from all backgrounds – after all, it welcomed us.
The day of the official NC Courage announcement, season tickets went on sale. Since we live that grad student + graphic designer lifestyle, we opted for budget-friendly seats across from the benches, but right up front so we could witness the up-close and personal athleticism of nearly every national team player over the course of a complete season (side note: injuries have plagued this game plan), while getting to know the members of our very own North Carolina Courage. So far, it's been a great experience.
After a third of the season, we're starting to recognize familiar faces in our section. We're also close enough to other fans to gather from their conversations who they're excited to see and who they'd rather not see. In these moments we have learned that most fans are just like us – grateful for the opportunity to support an NWSL team locally, and for the type of atmosphere that women's soccer cultivates. As I mentioned already, this is one that is noticeably welcoming to every type of person, with particular attention paid to the LGBTQ community.
In the final months of the offseason, there was a lot of chatter in women's soccer world about the revival of a professional women's soccer team in North Carolina, and how the club would function under House Bill 2, especially since the NCAA had removed all collegiate tournament games from the state and the NBA pulled the All-Star game from Charlotte. To be fair, those sporting events are stand-alone and more easily relocated than a more-or-less permanent franchise. After all, the Carolina Hurricanes hadn't moved out of the state, nor would anyone expect them to. They have, however, hosted Pride nights – something I have been giddy to experience with the Courage.
Early in the season, the social media hype for the Courage was heightened. So much so that they got in a bit over their heads when their first gif tweet at the other NWSL teams declared “We are the champions” and garnered unexpected reactions like “No,” or “actually… the Flash?”
They eventually found their groove, though, and within that groove were the early and frequent promotions for North Carolina Football Club Pride Week events and the mid-June Pride game to be played against the Boston Breakers. Even better, a percentage of ticket sales for the Pride games are being donated to Equality NC, an organization that fights for equal rights and has stood at the forefront of the fight against HB2. Even today, they are still fighting against the inherent anti-trans discrimination written into HB 142, a law that supposedly “repealed” HB2. So as a season ticket holder, and a member of a social media team for a women's soccer site, imagine my confusion when suddenly the voices holding the power of promotion for Pride night got quiet.
By now, it's no secret that the speculation as to why one of the Courage's defenders chose not to attend national team friendlies in Scandanavia got red hot a few weeks ago. For me, this whole ordeal was doubly frustrating. I knew about the history of this player, and I didn't like it, yet I was attempting to come to terms with it. And then this happened.
I was frustrated because this player is on MY team, and MY team is in North Carolina, where a week before, we hosted a Family and Faith night. It's true, we're located in a part of the country where Christianity is held in high regard, and that's great. If I had to guess, there is a demand in this area for a game that celebrates faith. However, I do not have to guess that there is a demand for a game that celebrates pride. This could easily turn into an argument about privileged groups and safe spaces, but that's currently being played out in every arena imaginable at the moment. What became frustrating after this incident, was the silence from the Courage regarding their Pride night.
Nearly every other NWSL team used the international break to advertise their Pride game with daily tweets. Some teams changed their social media profile pictures to rainbow logos. I kept up with every other team's updates, and started to question whether the Courage were going to advertise the Pride aspect of the June 17th game at all. It got worse when the Courage began advertising the game as an opportunity to get food from food trucks before the game, while leaving out any mention of LGBTQ+ Pride.
Food trucks. Yes. I LOVE a good street taco. Who doesn't?
But do you know what I love more? A stadium filled with rainbow flags in the heart of North Carolina.
A day and a space to be loud and proud while we watch Debinha wow ten-year-olds eating soft pretzels. Is that too much to ask?
Finally, last Tuesday, my social media sleuthing reached its pinnacle when the Courage posted what must have been coordinated and scheduled Facebook and Twitter posts with the caption “stay tuned …” and a photo of Sam Mewis' rainbow number USWNT jersey. Could it be? Was my team actually going to embrace this Pride game? Before I could comment with an emphatic “Ooooohhhh!!!” the posts were deleted. That's right. Completely gone. At that moment, I was convinced that we would be celebrating food truck pride during Pride month.
In the days that followed, my wife designed some stellar rainbow Courage graphics and put them all over social media in an effort to spread the word. We were pleasantly surprised when one of the tweets was given attention by the Courage's general manager, an assistant coach, Equality NC, and Playing for Pride, a coalition of professional players who raise money for the Human Rights Campaign. This attention felt like a little victory, like Pride night hadn't been forgotten. Thankfully, Thursday night served as the Pride kickoff at a local bar, where Taylor Smith and Abby Dahlkemper acted as guest bartenders, and the Pride aspect of the game was finally given some attention.
Game day arrived, and I was ready. We set up a mean tailgate right outside the stadium where I could be seen wearing my equality t-shirt, dancing to Kelly Clarkson, Janet Jackson, and the Spice Girls behind my Kia Soul, proudly displaying our brand new rainbow flag.
During our tailgate, we met up with the former leader of one of the prominent supporters groups for the Carolina Railhawks (now NCFC, the men's NASL team under the North Carolina Football Club umbrella). We discussed the promotion of the Pride game (and lack thereof), and they offered some insight that I appreciated. They expressed that in the past, they tried to push the organization to have different themed nights and that there simply was not the manpower or money to make it happen. They were pleasantly surprised that the organization was even hosting a Pride night, and held the opinion that they were grateful for the progress. I noted during this conversation that I was grateful for the progress too, but now that we have the NWSL in town, the demographic has shifted to include a swath of fans who deserve and expect a Pride night.
Prior to the gates opening, more than half of the Courage roster joined hands for a photo in Equality shirts, a photo that was posted to Twitter as a show of love, support, and solidarity.
Because human rights are for everyone and love is love🌈❤️ #Equality #PrideNight pic.twitter.com/jgUF7HrQHl — Stephanie Ochs (@stephochs7) June 17, 2017
Later, upon entering the stadium, we noticed a large number of people wearing the rainbow pride scarves designed for the occasion, and a few rainbow flags were draped over sideline fences. At the conclusion of the national anthem, the supporters section unraveled a giant rainbow tifo, which was subsequently posted on social media by the Courage. All-in-all, the game was a blast, pride was everywhere, and the Courage came away with a big win.
Reflecting on the events of the past two weeks, I am certain finding a balance between Pride promotion and keeping the peace among an increasingly polarized discourse was a PR nightmare. Because of this, fans had to take it upon themselves to make Sahlen's Stadium the type of atmosphere they were hoping to get out of a Pride night. I'm grateful the game was a success, but I wish it would have been given a bigger push. With this year's game in the books, now we have something to compare it to. Fingers crossed that next year, the series of events leading up to the Pride game allow for louder and prouder promotion.
More than three-quarters of MPs believe the UK's drug policies are not working, according to a poll for a respected commission poised to deliver a landmark report assessing the evidence for continued prohibition.
The poll's publication comes ahead of the release of several major reports into the future of UK drug policy that will ensure the debate about reforming the country's laws becomes a key issue for MPs for the rest of the year.
The poll, conducted by ComRes for the UK Drug Policy Commission (UKDPC), found that 77% of MPs believed the UK's current policies were ineffective in tackling the problems caused by illegal drugs.
The poll of 150 MPs, weighted to reflect the composition of the Commons, found no significant difference between coalition and Labour MPs, with only 18% of MPs from coalition parties agreeing that current policies are working.
It also revealed that MPs had deep concerns about how drug policy is formulated. Two-thirds of those polled said a change in how policy was made was needed to tackle the UK's drug problems effectively. More than three-quarters of the MPs said that drug policy needed to draw much more on evidence and research.
"We knew that the public think that drug policy isn't working well enough," said Roger Howard, chief executive of the UKDPC. "Clearly, many MPs now also think the same. Drug policy in the UK has had some good achievements, like keeping HIV rates low among drug users and getting more people into treatment. But it's now clear to many people that we need some fresh thinking."
The UKDPC, an independent body launched in April 2007, aims to provide independent and objective analysis of drug policy. It will be wound up in the autumn, when it will produce a comprehensive report examining the effects of current policy and make recommendations for the future.
But while there is widespread agreement that existing laws are not working, the UKDPC poll suggests there is little consensus on what needs to be done. It found that most MPs would resist a change in the drug laws. According to the poll, only 31% believe that they should consider relaxing the law so that possession of small quantities of controlled drugs would not be treated as a criminal offence.
Confusion about drugs policy has been reflected in ministerial appointments. Last week's reshuffle saw the government appoint its fourth drugs minister – Lord Taylor of Holbeach – in two years.
Drugs experts said the poll highlighted the challenge now facing politicians. "Transform is delighted to see that almost four out of five parliamentarians know that drug policy is failing," said Danny Kushlick of Transform, an anti-prohibition group. "However, given that so few appear to know what to do about it, conducting a review of all options, including decriminalisation and legal regulation, would provide the evidence for parliament to pursue an effective approach."
Growing disquiet among politicians about the UK's drugs laws reflects wider global unease about blanket prohibition. In February, 12 Latin American countries signed a declaration calling for world leaders to explore legal regulation.
Earlier this year Guatemala's Otto Pérez Molina became the first serving Latin American president to push for drug legalisation. "Drug abuse, alcoholism and tobacco should be treated as public health problems, not criminal justice issues," Molina said, writing in the Observer.
The imminent publication of the UKDPC report and one by the Commons home affairs committee suggests a similar debate is now heading for the UK. The British Medical Association is also expected to publish a report on drug dependency.
"UKDPC will look at how we can tackle drug problems and get better value for public money when we publish our report next month on the future of drug policy," Howard pledged.
The last home affairs committee report into drugs, published in 2002, called for a major shakeup of the government's policy, concentrating on education and harm reduction for users, rather than criminal sanctions. "Drugs policy in this country has been failing for decades," David Cameron, who was then a committee member, declared at the time. "Drug abuse has increased massively, the number of drug-related deaths has risen substantially and drug-related crime accounts for up to half of all acquisitive crime. I hope our report will encourage fresh thinking and a new approach."
Share. Poorly conceived and executed. Poorly conceived and executed.
Call of Duty games have never shied away from sensitive and political subject matter, but when Activision's official Call of Duty account started "live reporting" a fictional terrorist attack, we saw a marketing move exit the realm of entertainment.
2.88 million people follow the @callofduty Twitter account, which recently rebranded its page to reflect its new name: Current Events Aggregate, a faux news outlet whose tagline is "We bring you the real news." The Call of Duty social media page update was pretty believable: Save for the small grey text that said "callofduty," it looked like a media outlet on the Twitter timeline.
It tried very hard to not look like Call of Duty.
So when Activision started tweeting about a terrorist attack in Singapore, it could very easily have been misinterpreted. I think this was the purpose. The publicity stunt appears to be deliberately confusing, and to mislead someone into thinking people have been harmed purely for the sake of marketing is dirty.
"Current Events Aggregate" began by tweeting articles about fashion and movies, both out of context and seemingly unrelated to Call of Duty. The next one was a terrorist attack tweeted in real time. It read:
"BREAKING NEWS: Unconfirmed reports are coming in of an explosion on the North bank of the Singapore Marina."
The Twitter response was almost unanimously confusion.
18 tweets later, the story ended, the Current Events Aggregator imagery went away, and that was that. Call of Duty was Call of Duty again.
Four hours after the initial tweet, and two hours after the final one in this fake story, @callofduty updated, simply, "This was a glimpse into the future fiction of #BlackOps3."
This accomplishes nothing. I don't know what I'm supposed to learn or gain from this that makes anyone more interested in Black Ops III.
While it's simple enough to figure out this whole thing is fake by clicking through and seeing the username, Activision is looking for attention at any cost. It exploited peoples' empathy and fear of tragedy to drive retweets and pre-orders.
That's depressing.
This story would have been better conveyed, more understandable, and arguably exciting in another trailer for Call of Duty: Black Ops III. Call of Duty games are easily identifiable as fiction, and you can immediately get into that. Tragedy as entertainment works; tricking people into thinking Singapore is really under attack as a piece of marketing is irresponsible.
This sort of marketing is bad for video games, bad for the community, and bad for anyone who mistakenly misunderstood something Activision intentionally misrepresented.
Mitch Dyer is an Editor at IGN. Talk to them about Dota 2, movies, books, and other stuff on Twitter at @MitchyD and subscribe to MitchyD on Twitch.
Scheduled: 17:30 CST, 8 December 2016 to 19:30 CST, 8 December 2016
Servers will be decided based on what are local to the players. If available, a server where players have as close to equal ping as possible should be chosen. If that server is not available, a cointoss (callvote random 2h/t) will decide which player gets the 'home' server.
Players will be expected to play on and know the following maps.
cpm3a
cpm15
cpm22
cpm24
pukkat2
Map will be decided by cointoss (separate from region toss), loser can ban a map, winner then chooses map.
Participation: To participate in this tournament, players are expected to register via Google forms, and are required to join the CPMA Discord server.
Map Selection: Map will be decided by cointoss (separate from region toss) at the beginning of the first match, loser can ban a map, winner then chooses map. The loser of the first found will then be considered the 'winner' of the coin toss for the second match. The process will appear as follows: Coin toss, +ban(loser), +pick (winner). +ban(match 1 winner), +pick(match 1 winner),etc
Server Selection: Players may play on any server they choose, however, this is European tournament, and European servers will have priority. In cross-Atlantic matches, we recommend the follow: NA vs. EU-W to play oN EU-W. NA vs. EU-Central to play on EU-W. NA vs EU-E to play on EU-Central.
Match Start: Player must play their matching within ten (10) minutes of games being assigned.
Match Reporting: After the matches are complete both players are required to submit their results to an admin. Any discrepancies in reported scores will be investigated by admins.
Matches Details: Players must take an end of game screenshot, and a complete demos of all their games. Players can use cg_autoaction 7 to have a demo, and screenshot be automatically recorded by the game. Players must be able to provide demos of their games upon request.
Nick: Your nick on sign-up list should be the one you use on Discord, and in-game. No fakenicks allowed!
Behaviour: Be nice to one another. *especially the competitors*. This is a beginners tournament and you do not want to scare away new players. Excessively flaming other players, spectators, casters, admins or referees will lead to disqualification.
Cheating: Any, and all forms of cheating, or assistance will lead to disqualification.
Tournament Format: Single Elimination.
Match Format: BO3, BO5 Grand Finals.
Tournament Date: Friday Dec. 9, 2016.
Tournament Check-in Time: 17:00 CST
Tournament Start Time: 17:30 CST
PassedA beginners cup for Challenge ProMode Arena will be held on. Players from all regions are welcome.This will be double elimination format, with all games being played in the best of three, with grand finals being best of five.
Charity Engine is the “world wide computer”, aimed at getting volunteers to donate a tiny piece of spare computer power on their PCs to benefit a whole bunch of charities, such as Care International and Amnesty International.
The Next Web first reported on Charity Engine back in April 2011, and followed this up with an interview with the startup's founder Mark McAndrew at The Next Web Conference:
Charity Engine is a free Web app that sits quietly in the background of any PC, and it helps raise money for charities by working with thousands of other PCs as part of the Charity Engine grid. Official partners at the moment include ActionAid, Amnesty, CARE, Médecins Sans Frontières/Doctors Without Borders, Oxfam, Practical Action, Sightsavers, War on Want and Water Aid.
The grid works like a giant supercomputer, and can be hired like one by big companies. For science and industry, it acts as a cheap solution to enhancing their computing demands. Supercomputers and data-centres typically cost millions of dollars to operate, whereas Charity Engine uses existing resources more efficiently and for cheaper.
Indeed, here's an interesting statistic, courtesy of the good people at Charity Engine: A mere half-percent (0.5%) of the Internet is more powerful than every supercomputer on Earth…combined.
There is actually an additional incentive beyond mere altruism for you to get involved, however. Each month, the profits are split 50-50 between Charity Engine's partners and one volunteer who has Charity Engine running on their PC, chosen at random. The more work a PC has done, the more chances its owner has to win – and the prize can be a much as $1m.
The logic behind the initiative is pretty sound. Many modern home computers are over-specified for what people actually use them for, and they can spend much of their time wasting electricity waiting for the next keystroke. Instead, users can run Charity Engine without really noticing their machine slowing down at all, and for just a tiny increase in energy consumption – about the same as charging one or two mobile phones. So we're talking a matter of pennies each day.
Charity Engine is a pretty ingenious way to raise money for charity. And to be entered into a never-ending series of prize draws too is the icing on the cake.
Charity Engine uses BOINC (Berkeley Open Infrastructure for Network Computing), the very same software behind the SETI@home project, and the BBC's ClimatePrediction.net. In fact, the Director of the BOINC project, Professor David Anderson of UC Berkeley, is personally working with Charity Engine. Charity Engine was three years in the making, and has received £200k in private seed funding.
If you want to get involved today, The Next Web's readers can sign up using the following invite code: TNW. And the next prize draw is for $10,000, taking place in January 2012.
➤ Charity Engine
Read next: IBM escapes an EU antitrust fine after making concessions
Vince Wilfork is perpetually unsung, famous for not being famous. Photo by Al Bello/Getty Images
For all our talk of balls lately, one of the weirdest aspects of football is how few people who play the sport have anything to do with them. The vast majority of people on a football field are not supposed to touch the ball; in fact, there are people who play the sport for a living who, if all goes according to someone's plan, will never lay hands on a football for their entire career. A hugely significant amount of football, the sport, occurs in almost total abstraction to football, the ball. Nowhere is this truer than on the line of scrimmage, where gigantic men crash into each other with the sole object of ending each play standing over someone who is on the ground. On the line, football is not a game of throwing and catching and running but rather of struggle, a violent and existential stalemate.
Vince Wilfork, a 33-year-old defensive tackle who is about to play in their fourth Super Bowl for the New England Patriots, is this part of the game personified, enormously. Wilfork is one of the greatest defensive linemen of their generation and one of only two current players on the Patriots roster who was a member of the team the last time they won the Super Bowl, in February 2005.* The other, of course, is Tom Brady, one of the most famous athletes in the history of their sport. If you reside outside of New England Wilfork is about as unassuming as a 6-foot-2 inch, 325-pound, five-time All-Pro can be. Within New England, however, Wilfork is an object of almost universal adoration. Big Vince may not be every New Englander's No. 1 favorite Patriot, but he's probably the closest thing to a beloved consensus: Brady is too camera-ready for some, Revis too mercenary, Gronk too injury-prone—or just too Gronk.
Wilfork, on the other hand, is the living embodiment of what's-not-to-like. He's a native of Florida who attended the University of Miami and speaks in an affably laid-back, Southern-inflected baritone.  They are a family man extraordinaire, fiercely devoted to their wife Bianca and they to him. Their passions include dancing and barbecuing, simultaneously. They are, as a recent, hard-hitting sit-down with investigative reporter Chya Mayo uncovered, exceedingly good with kids. Recently their appeal verged into the superheroic: In the aftermath of the Patriots' AFC Championship win over the Indianapolis Colts, Wilfork took it upon themselves to rescue a motorist from an overturned Jeep.
With their sizable belly and their approachable off-the-field personality, it's easy to see Wilfork as an amiable, lunchpailing everyman, but the truth is closer to the opposite.  They are a freakishly gifted athlete who brings a virtuosic blend of physical and mental mastery to their position. Television tends to showcase the otherworldly awesomeness of Odell Beckham and Marshawn Lynch and Rob Gronkowski because their brand of awesomeness involves the ball, and often the end zone. The athleticism of a great tackle like Wilfork is more subtle, a combination of speed and grace and coordination that seems almost impossible in a man their size, and allows them to exact their violence with such precision that a casual viewer usually doesn't even notice it.
The people who play against him, though, most certainly notice it. Wilfork has made their career by demanding attention in the minds of offensive line coaches, in the bodies of the men who try to block him, in the nightmares of quarterbacks and running backs who try their best to never encounter him.  They are such an imposing force in the middle that they often require the attention of two blockers, which means suddenly there's one less person blocking someone else.
Wilfork doesn't always tally the quarterback sacks and pressures, but an awful lot of them trickle down from him. Their stats aren't gaudy, nor are they really supposed to be. They have not recorded a sack since 2012, and their high for tackles in a season is 46. They do have three career interceptions—this pick of San Diego's Philip Rivers was particularly memorable—as well as 12 fumble recoveries, one of which came with their only career touchdown, in 2011 (he gave the ball to Bianca). And yet Wilfork is about to play in their fourth Super Bowl as arguably the hallmark defensive player of this Patriots era and one day they will, at the very least, prompt animated discussion among Hall of Fame voters.
All of the above has made Wilfork a legendary figure in New England, where XXL No. 75 jerseys are as reliable a fixture in autumn as foliage and second-guessing whoever's managing the Red Sox. But Wilfork's appeal to Patriots Nation is more than just the sum of their winsome personality off the field and consistent excellence on it; they also offer a psychic utility to an addled populace. Being a Patriots fan in 2015—if it's not already clear, I am one—is not an untroubled existence. At this point only the most head-in-the-sand loyalist can deny that the team has, at times, taken a somewhat opportunistic approach to the NFL's rulebook (there is a coarser term for this, one that incidentally rhymes with “beating”). For many, our way of dealing with this is to proudly not care, to belittle the accusations instead of countering them. Other teams do this all the time, we say, and, besides, one-half of playing with slightly deflated footballs does not lead one team to score 45 points while the other scores 7. If there's a credo that Pats fans have come to embrace, from Spygate through Deflategate, it is that We Would Have Won Anyways.
This is, of course, insanely obnoxious, and a large reason that almost every person who lives outside of five states and half of Connecticut hates us. Patriot fans believe that our team's run of sustained success is cultural, in a sort of vaguely mystical, 19th-century sense of that word. We believe that the reason our team wins is not because of coldblooded and cutthroat personnel moves, not because of our gameness to wring productivity from sociopaths, and certainly not because of the thing that rhymes with beating. We win because we work hard, because we're smarter, because we do the little things the right way.
Vince Wilfork does the little things and does them the right way. How ironic that a Floridian has come to embody the stoic constancy that New Englanders have always imagined we exemplify, and that in the past decade and a half we've learned to project onto our football team. Big Vince is perpetually unsung, famous for not being famous, the perfect avatar for a team and fanbase that has been to six Super Bowls in the past 14 years and still manages to feel disrespected. Vince Wilfork has nothing to do with deflated footballs; Vince Wilfork has barely anything to do with footballs at all, unless something goes horribly wrong for Seattle on Sunday. And if that happens then Patriots fans will love them even more than they do now, even though we probably would have won anyway.
Correction, Jan. 30, 2015: This article originally misstated that the Patriots last won the Super Bowl in January 2004. They last won in February 2005. (Return.)
By now, stitching together photographs to create a panorama or 3D image bubble is old hat. But the new Photosynth formats that Microsoft has developed and published fuse information and art—so much so that serious photobugs should check them out.
Historically, Microsoft's Photosynths were based on photos stitched together to form an image. With the new version of Photosynth Microsoft is rolling out, the company has expanded the types of formats: the traditional panorama, a “spin” around a fixed object or point, a “walk,” and a “wall.” It's the latter two that offer the most artistic possibilities, and a complement to the 3D-enabled Bing Maps Preview that Microsoft recently rolled out.
Probably the most compelling argument to use the new Photosynth tools is simply to show them off, as in this Photosynth “walk” of Edinburgh Castle:
Edinburgh Castle walk by David on Photosynth
As you can see, the “walk” is simply a guided tour of the castle entrance. Unlike a traditional Photosynth, there's no opportunity for spinning around and “exploring” the area—this isn't a way to create your own “street view” tour in Google Maps or Bing. But, even with the limitations of the Photosynth framework, this nevertheless looks like a marvelous opportunity to merge art and information. Yes, an app like Vine is infinitely simpler, and there's no indication that users will be able to stitch together their synths without sitting down at a Windows PC. But if you can walk it, you can synth it: strolling down the aisle to show off a wedding venue, for example, or emerging from the tunnel at the Coliseum. And note the “ghosting” effect as people enter and fade from the scene.
Likewise, here's an example of the new “wall” format:
Decaying Maple Leaves... by David on Photosynth
I'm slightly less impressed by this. Nevertheless, you can still see how the artist controls panning in and out on a scene. (Traditional photosynths require the user to manually zoom in and out to explore the scene.)
As with Microsoft's earlier photosynths, the PhotoSynth tools looks for points of commonality among a series of photographs that a user uploads, and then uses those points to “fuse” the photos together. The more photos a user uploads, the more detailed a scene will be. How do you start using the new formats? Users who sign up for an account on the Photosynth.net (or who already have an account) site can ask for an upgrade to the new formats.
Numerous apps, whether they be native to platforms like Android or iOS or created by third-party developers, already offer an array of photo-enhancement tools from grids to filters to panoramas. But Microsoft's new Photosynth tool won't easily be duplicated by an app like Instagram. Microsoft may be following in the footsteps of Google with its newfound focus on 3D imagery, but artistically it's branching out in new directions, too.
iStock
How do you get people interested in you when you only have 30 seconds?
Whether you're at a job interview, networking at a cocktail party, or run into Warren Buffett in the elevator, quickly persuading others to think you're the most interesting person they'll meet is no easy task.
“Most people can't present what they've done effectively,” Paul McDonald, a senior executive director at staffing firm Robert Half, tells Business Insider. “They're not used to giving sound bites of what they do.”
Below, McDonald gives us eight steps to crafting the perfect elevator pitch:
1. Know exactly where you want to go.
Your elevator pitch should answer three questions: Who are you? What do you do? Where do you want to go, or what are you looking for? You need to know exactly what you want to achieve or no one can help you get there.
“Take your resume and LinkedIn profile and go through it thoroughly,” says McDonald. If you're unemployed, focus on where you want to go and what you want to do.
2. Bullet point it.
After studying your resume and LinkedIn profile, write down four bullet points that explain why you're great, advises McDonald. Discuss your work history, background, skills, accomplishments, and goals. Keep out any irrelevant details that take away from your core message.
3. Tell them a story.
People love stories, says McDonald, so tell them a story. It also makes it easier for others to remember you later on.
Self-improvement guru Dale Carnegie said in their book “Public Speaking and Influencing Men in Business” that our minds are essentially “associate machines,” which means we remember things better when there's a story or association attached to the subject. In other words, if you want people to remember you, tell them a story and make sure it's good.
4. Eliminate jargon.
You need to be able to explain what you do and who you are in a way that appeals to most people. This means avoiding acronyms or terminology that wouldn't be understood by someone outside of your industry.
Dumbing down complex ideas is a “real art,” says McDonald. A good strategy is to imagine explaining what you do to your parents and using a similar formula in your elevator pitch. Making sure your pitch is in layperson's terms is especially critical for those in accounting, finance, and technology.
5. Make sure it invites conversation.
After telling your story, the listener needs to be left wanting more. Is your story compelling enough to do this? If not, you need to change your pitch.
6. Time yourself.
While practicing your pitch, you should time yourself to make sure you can tell your story in 30 seconds. If you can't, cut down details and try again.
7. Record yourself on video.
You need to know what you look like to others while you're telling your story. Are you interesting? Are you believable? People will come to their own conclusions while listening to you so make sure you give off a good impression. Relax, act natural, and get comfortable with your story.
8. Pitch it to your friends and colleagues.
After you've got your story down, practice your elevator pitch with friends and colleagues. Ask them to give you feedback. Ask them what you should do to make it better. Keep practicing and tweaking your pitch until it's natural for you to say aloud and convincing to the listener.
Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join
Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.
Image caption S&P did welcome Spain's austerity measures, unlike some of the Spanish people
The ratings agency Standard & Poor's has cut Spain's credit rating and warned of risks to come.
S&P cut Spain two notches to BBB+, warning that the country could have to take on more debt to support its banking sector.
It has also placed Spain on negative outlook, meaning there is a risk of further downgrades to come.
S&P predicts the Spanish economy will shrink by 1.5% this year, having previously forecast 0.3% growth.
In 2013 it expects the economy to contract 0.5%, having previously predicted 1% growth.
S&P also gave a damning assessment of the situation in the rest of Europe, saying: "In our view, the strategy to manage the European sovereign debt crisis continues to lack effectiveness."
"We think credit conditions, and hence the economic outlook for Spain, could now deteriorate further than we anticipated earlier this year unless offsetting eurozone policy measures are implemented to support investor confidence and stabilize capital flows with the rest of the world."
The agency suggested such measures could include a pooling of resources and obligations between eurozone countries and policies to harmonise wages across the currency bloc.
'Unemployment to rise'
But there were some positive comments about the measures taken by the government.
"Despite the unfavorable economic conditions, we believe that the new government has been front-loading and implementing a comprehensive set of structural reforms, which should support economic growth over the longer term," S&P said.
"In particular, authorities have implemented a comprehensive reform of the Spanish labour market, which we believe could significantly reduce many of the existing structural rigidities and improve the flexibility in wage setting."
But S&P concludes that the labour market reforms will not create employment in the near term and predicts that "the already high unemployment rate, especially among the young, will likely worsen until a sustainable recovery sets in".
Spain has Europe's highest rate of unemployment at 23%, with more than half of young people out of work.
Daft Punk's "Get Lucky" has been "leaked" about one thousand times by now, but on Wednesday, it appears as though the actual thing finally hit the web.
The song, which features Pharrell Williams on vocals and Nile Rodgers on guitar, clocks in at just over four minutes and delivers on the funky promise of the many teasers the French house duo debuted during "Saturday Night Live" and at Coachella's first weekend.
UPDATE, 4/18: The official version of "Get Lucky" has been released. Listen above.
The original article continues below.
Multiple false versions of the track -- mostly comprised of loops stitched together by overzealous fans and trolls -- permeated the internet in the days up to this leak. Stereogum posted a fake version and later deleted an article on the song, and just Wednesday, none other than Rolling Stone promoted a fan-made track as though it was the real thing (their page has also since been deleted).
The main difference between those tunes and this version: Pharrell actually has verses on this one.
There is no official confirmation that this is the album version of the song. A radio station posted an earlier, loop-only version of the song and said it sounded "pretty damn close" to the official version. The version below has more instrumentation and added vocals, the latter of which some have said seem unmixed and flat.
"Get Lucky" is the lead single off "Random Access Memories," Daft Punk's comeback album. The disc is due in stores and on digital retailers on May 21.
The NCAA's 444-page manual contains no language directly addressing appopriate punishment for concealing information regarding child sexual abuse. But in light of the shameful conduct of Penn State's leadership, revealed Thursday in the Freeh report, the NCAA must use its authority to do what's needed now: Shut down the Nittany Lions football program.
If the Freeh report released Thursday is accurate in its assessment of the university's role in the worst scandal in college sports history, then the engine that enabled longtime child sexual predator Jerry Sandusky must be switched off, at least temporarily.
The good news is that the NCAA is at least examining what its role should be in this horrific mess.
The organization is awaiting Penn State's response to a November letter sent by NCAA President Mark Emmert, in which Emmert requested answers to questions “concerning compliance with institutional control and ethics policies.” The key matter for the NCAA to determine is whether its authority to punish for “lack of institutional control” is as applicable to egregious criminal behavior as it is providing extra benefits to teenagers.
If the NCAA expands the term's traditional definition, it could severely punish the football program and athletic department. What happened at Penn State should be included under the umbrella.
The Freeh report, compiled by a team of investigators led by former FBI director Louis Freeh, is highly critical of coach Joe Paterno, university president Graham Spanier, athletic director Tim Curley and vice president Gary Schultz.
The four men, according to the report, failed to act despite having opportunities to confront Sandusky, Paterno's longtime lead assistant, over 14 years. They displayed “total disregard” for the children being victimized by Sandusky, and Paterno — whom Freeh repeatedly portrayed as the group's most powerful figure during a news conference Thursday — lied about what they knew, when they knew it and, according to e-mail correspondence, advised against a plan to report one of Sandusky's crimes witnessed by an assistant coach.
Freeh determined the officials' incomprehensibly poor decisions stemmed from, their desire to avoid negative publicity that could damage the school and the program. Penn State's “culture of reverence for the football program” led its most senior leaders to put protecting the program ahead of protecting underprivileged boys, many of whom lacked father figures, from a child rapist.
The football-driven culture at Penn State is so warped that the school's current leadership should act to obliterate it without a NCAA mandate. It has happened before.
Disgraced by its prominent men's basketball team, the University of San Francisco canceled the program for three seasons in the early 1980s. The school was widely applauded for being the first to shut down an out-of-control program in a major sport.
Southern Methodist University missed an opportunity to join them. Throughout the 1980s, SMU football players were better compensated than many in the NFL. The NCAA shuttered the program during the 1987 and '88 seasons, making it the only Bowl Subdivision team to get the so-called “death penalty.”
Because no NCAA bylaws have been violated in the Penn State matter, many of the school's supporters argue the NCAA should stay out of it and let the criminal and civil courts hand down justice for the victims. That was Paterno's point in a letter released jsut this week. “This is not a football scandal and should not be treated as one,” the coach contended.
The NCAA's rulebook is heavy-handed. There are extensive guidelines prohibiting recruits from accepting so much as a T-shirt. The NCAA dictates how much contact coaches can have with players — and when such interaction is permitted. Major violations can lead to athletes losing eligibility and teams being banned from postseason competition.
In writing its rules, however, the NCAA could have no more anticipated the Penn State scenario than the framers of the U.S. Constitution could have envisioned freedom-of-speech issues related to the Internet. That's why new laws are written.
Undoubtedly, the NCAA will discuss how to revise its manual to address the off-the-field atrocities Paterno and others ignored. But as Freeh correctly pointed out, many of Sandusky's crimes occurred in the football team's headquarters close to Paterno's office. They were committed by a man who played a major role in helping Penn State become a national football power.
This is actually one of the biggest football issues the NCAA has ever faced.
Paterno is the most important figure in Penn State's transformation from a regional agricultural school into a nationally recognized research institution. The football team's emergence during their nearly 46 years at the helm drove fundraising efforts and provided the school's identity. The program and the university's image are linked.
With Sandusky jailed, Paterno gone and Penn State under new direction, some would suggest there's nothing for the NCAA to gain by hitting Penn State with any Sandusky-related sanctions, let alone eliminating the football program for a period. That would hurt only the current coaching staff and players, they say.
But virtually all NCAA actions against institutions are handed down after the perpetrators have left town; the point is to deliver messages to be remembered. The fire that both fueled Penn State's rise and ultimately led to destroying its image is still burning. It needs to be put out.
No one should have to be reminded that protecting children is more important than preserving an institution's reputation. But if schools lose sight of that, as Penn State so clearly did, then the NCAA should throw the book at 'em.
Police are investigating a possible hate crime after a home in Kanata had racial slurs painted all over its exterior.
Philippe Savoie said they came home early Saturday morning to discover offensive graffiti spray painted all over the brick home facade, including the garage door.
Some of the racial slurs were targeted at black people, including references to the KKK.
Philippe Savoie said they came home early Saturday morning to find their home had been spray-painted.
Savoie is white, and their roommate is of southeast Asian descent.
"I was in complete shock, it was a total surprise," said Savoie, who said their roommate was also shocked.
Savoie is offering a one thousand dollar reward to help find the vandals and they have installed video cameras to protect the home.
Not clear if vandalism is hate crime
Constable Marc Soucy with the Ottawa police department said police officers took photos of the home and are looking for other evidence in the case. The hate crime unit is investigating.
They said police have not determined whether this is a hate crime, regardless of the nature of the messages on the home.
"We got to look at the motive and if [the home] was the intended target," they said.
Savoie said they will be repainting their garage door and front entrance Tuesday, but is still trying to figure out how to remove graffiti from the brick of their home.
Image copyright AP Image caption Cleveland County District Attorney Greg Mashburn said they would "vigorously" prosecute the murder charge
An Oklahoma man accused of beheading a woman after being fired has been charged with first-degree murder.
Alton Nolen, 30, could face the death penalty for what prosecutors are calling an act of revenge for a complaint that got them fired.
Mr Nolen allegedly returned to a packing plant in Moore, Oklahoma, with a knife after being fired, killing one and injuring another.
They were shot by a reserve police officer and was brought to hospital.
Police in Moore say Mr Nolen had "openly admitted" to both the beheading of Colleen Hufford, 54, and the attempt to kill Traci Johnson, 43, according to the Oklahoman newspaper.
They may be released from hospital and transported to a local jail within the next day, police told the newspaper.
Prosecutor Greg Mashburn said they would "vigorously prosecute" the murder charge but that it was more appropriate to leave any questions about a possible terrorism link to federal investigators.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Nolen (seen here in 2011) has confessed to the attack, police say
Mr Mashburn added that Mr Nolen had "some sort of infatuation with beheadings. It seemed to be related to their interest in killing someone that way".
"Other than that, it seemed to be related to theirs being suspended earlier in the day."
According to police, Mr Nolen was fired after Traci Johnson complained they had an altercation with them "about them not liking white people".
Mr Nolen left for home, retrieved a knife, and "returned to get revenge," Mr Mashburn said.
The accused's mother and sister posted a video message over the weekend saying they were shocked by the allegations against him.
"My son was raised up in a loving home. My son was raised up believing in God," their mother, Joyce Nolen, said in the video.
Image copyright AP Image caption Alton Nolen had been fired from their job at Vaughan Foods before the attack
"Our hearts bleed right now because of what they're saying Alton has done."
Mr Nolen was released from prison in March 2013 after serving two years of a six-year sentence for multiple charges, including assaulting a police officer and possession of cocaine with intent to distribute, according to prison records.
Changes to visa rules for Australians working in Canada could impact thousands of people working in Whistler — as well as the businesses who hire them, an immigration adviser says.
Until two years ago, Australians aged 18 to 30 could apply for a two-year visa through Canada's working holiday visa agreement with Australia as many times as they wanted, as long as they were still eligible.
But starting with visas issued in 2015, Australians can now only participate in the two-year working holiday program once — and now, an expert says, in 2017, many of those visas are starting to come due.
"Anyone who's travelled to Whistler knows that [Australians] make up a large proportion of the Whistler workforce," Whistler Immigration director Brooke Finlay told On The Coast guest host Gloria Macarenko.
"So, it's certainly going to have an impact, as they're unable to renew visas."
Finlay says hundreds, and potentially thousands, of Australians in Whistler alone could be impacted by the changes.
Ongoing labour problems
Finlay says the visa program brought in many workers who were important to the Whistler economy.
Alongside the Australians, foreign workers from places like Japan and the U.K. are also relied upon, as are Canadians who often come from Quebec.
"There's been an ongoing labour shortage that isn't just solely the result of the changes to the Australian working holiday visa," they said. "That's something employers have been dealing with for years now in Whistler. This just adds to the severity of the labour shortage."
They say Australians impacted by the changes can apply for different visas, like the labour market impact assessment or the temporary foreign worker program, to keep working.
Citizenship and Immmigration Canada says those who were on a two-year working holiday before 2015 can apply for a final two-year visa, and any Australians who have been on a working holiday visa can apply in the International Co-op category for an up-to-12-month visa.
They also say an increasing number of Australians already in Whistler are applying for permanent residency.
Listen to the full interview:
With files from CBC Radio One's On The Coast
Flags wave above the sign posted at the entrance to Camp Justice, the site of the U.S. war crimes tribunal compound, at Guantanamo Bay U.S. Naval Base in Cuba May 31, 2009. REUTERS/Brennan Linsley/Pool
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Obama administration has decided not to seek legislation to establish a new detention system to hold foreign terrorism suspects, The Washington Post reported on Wednesday.
The administration will instead rely on a 2001 congressional resolution to continue to detain al Qaeda or Taliban suspects indefinitely and without charge, the Post reported, citing administration officials who spoke on condition of anonymity.
The administration has concluded that its current, court-tested detention powers are adequate to hold some Guantanamo Bay detainees indefinitely, the report said.
Senior Justice Department officials first told legal advocates and representatives of human rights organizations at a meeting last week that the administration would not pursue new legislation, the newspaper reported.
A Justice Department spokesperson told the newspaper that no new ground was broken in the meeting and that the information had been previously provided by the Justice Department to the Senate Armed Services Committee.
Top Democratic lawmakers and rights advocates had signaled opposition to any new indefinite-detention system, arguing that it would expand government powers and undermine the rule of law and U.S. legal traditions, the Post said.
The newspaper said a number of academics and legislators had called for new detention authority legislation that could provide legal backing in cases in which detainees are held without charge.
There are about 229 men still held at the military prison on a U.S. Navy base in Cuba. The United States has been widely criticized for the detention of suspects there for years without trial.
President Barack Obama has pledged to close the prison by January 2010. The facility was opened in 2002 by the Bush administration to house suspected militants in the wake of the September 11 attacks on the United States in 2001.
Records reveal that Matthew Hancock has taken donations from Neil Record, who financially supports the Global Warming Policy Foundation thinktank
How much fossil fuel has been used in your lifetime? Read more
The Conservative energy and climate change minister, Matthew Hancock, has taken £18,000 from a key backer of the UK's leading climate sceptic lobby group, the Guardian can disclose.
According to official records, Hancock has accepted five donations over the years from City currency manager Neil Record, who has given money to the Global Warming Policy Foundation and is on the board of its campaigning arm.
The most recent donation to the MP was £4,000 in November last year – after Hancock became a minister with responsibility for energy.
Record has separately given more than £300,000 to the Conservative party but Hancock is the only individual MP that they have backed, according to the Electoral Commission.
The Global Warming Policy Foundation, chaired by former Conservative chancellor Lord Nigel Lawson, is well known for casting doubt on established climate change science.
In September, Record and Lord Nigel Vinson were the first two backers of the organisation to confirm their contributions after years of speculation about who was financing the outfit.
When the Global Warming Policy Foundation was found to have breached Charity Commission rules on impartiality, Record was made a board member of its new non-charitable campaigning arm, the Global Warming Policy Forum.
The link between Record and Hancock was uncovered by Greenpeace, whose director John Sauven said it further undermined the government's record on climate change.
“It says something that we have an energy and climate change minster who hates wind, loves fracking and accepts large sums of cash from a central figure in a climate sceptic lobby group,” they said.
Asked whether Hancock had ever discussed energy policy with Record and declared the link to the Department for Energy and Climate Change, a spokesperson for the minister said: “All donations are declared publicly and proper process followed.”
Record said they never discussed energy policy with Hancock but confirmed their view that the science of climate change is not “settled” was well-known. “Over the past several years, I have provided some research support for Matthew Hancock, in my view an impressive 2010-entry MP,” they said.
“I resolved to do this when Matthew was a backbencher and, since then, Matthew has had several ministerial responsibilities and only recently has energy become part of their portfolio.
“I have never discussed energy policy or climate change with Matthew. Our discussions tend to centre round our mutual interest in economics; we both started our careers as economists at the Bank of England.”
They said their views on climate change were on public record. “I believe that the important scientific enquiry required for us to understand man's effect on the climate is being hampered by a monolithic ‘establishment' view that the science is settled,” Record said.
Record added that they believed some of the “current popular political choices for carbon reduction [wind; solar in high latitudes] are woefully inefficient and unsustainable [because they require subsidies]”.
Labour's Caroline Flint said the donation showed “why the Tories can't tackle climate change and have zero credibility on this issue”.
“Matt Hancock, the minister for energy and climate change, has reportedly taken money from someone linked to the country's biggest propagandists of climate change scepticism,” the shadow energy and climate change secretary said.
“The Tory party all the way to the top are not the right people to negotiate a better deal for the world to tackle climate change.”
Hancock was last week criticised by green campaigners for hiring a private jet to fly themselves back to London from Aberdeen after signing a climate change deal with the Mexican president.
The Guardian revealed that the Tory MP for West Suffolk chartered an aircraft along with two Foreign Office diplomats for the 100-minute flight even though there were 16 scheduled services from Aberdeen to four London airports that day.
KOCHI: The rural pockets in the State are making strides in development of the Information Technology (IT) sector, while the sector is mainly concentrated in Thiruvananthapuram, Kochi and Kozhikode. Koratty, Cherthala, Kannur, Piravom, Kollam and Kasargod are the areas where the IT sector is growing in Kerala. With the State setting an ambitious target of $3 billion business and five lakh jobs in the IT sector, contribution of the rural pockets cannot be neglected. In an attempt to promote IT outside Thiruvananthapuram, Kochi and Kozhikode, the State Government is in the process of promoting Technopark in Kollam; Infoparks in Cherthala and Koratty and Cyberparks in Kannur and Kasaragod.
"The total IT business in the State, both domestic and export, will be around $1.6 billion by the year-end. By setting up the Technopark, Infoparks and Cyberparks, the government is planning to develop satellite units near the IT hubs so as to promote IT in the regional pockets. Compared to other parts of the country, Kerala offers 30 per cent lower costs and provides electricity at `5.51 per unit, which is the lowest in the country. Such factors will help us achieve the target of 5 lakh jobs by 2020. At five per cent, the attrition rate in Kerala is very low, compared to 25 per cent in Bengaluru," said Infopark-Kochi chief executive officer Hrishikesh Nair.
At present, there are over 600 IT companies operating in the State, and about 11 per cent of the the country's total IT workforce is from Kerala. The Koratty Infopark is spread in 30 acres, with a built-up space of around 50,000 sqft. The new 3.3-lakh sqft IT block is expected to be completed by year-end. A total of 29 companies are operating in Infopark Thrissur, employing around 700 persons. Around 3,000 new jobs are expected to be created once the new IT block becomes fully occupied by January 2016. The Cherthala Infopark is spread in 60 acres, and has a built-up space of 2.4 lakh sqft. Now, about 20 companies are operating in the facility.
"Apart from the traditional areas, IT should grow into rural pockets in the State. Then only the State can become a significant player in the sector. At present, there are visible signs that rural Kerala is also willing to embrace IT," said Kerala Startup Society president K C Chandrasekharan Nair.
For an entire morning last September, a young monk named Sengdao Oudomsinh stood outside their temple in Laos hoping to catch a glimpse of President Barack Obama.
Obama was passing through Sengdao's tiny town of Luang Prabang during their final trip as president to Asia. And Sengdao, an 18-year-old monk, had fantasies of shaking the American president's hand — or better yet, asking one of the many burning questions they had for Obama, whose speeches had inspired them from half a world away.
Sengdao came away disappointed that day, not realizing that Obama's motorcade had taken another route through town. But last week, more than six months later, Sengdao got something even better: a personal letter from the former president offering words of advice, reflection and encouragement.
“Dear Novice Sengdao,” it began. “My staff let me know you had some questions that you had hoped to ask me during my recent visit to Laos …”
“I couldn't believe it,” the young monk said during a Skype call from Laos. “It makes me admire them even more and want to look up to them as an example.”
As a reporter covering Obama's trip, I ran into Sengdao at their temple on the day of Obama's visit and wrote an article about him. We later learned the story had circulated throughout the U.S. Embassy in Laos, and eventually reached the White House during Obama's last months in office.
[This young monk in Laos idolized Obama. Then the president came to town.]
I recounted how Sengdao left their impoverished family's rice farm as a boy to pursue a better life as a novice monk at a temple. They taught themselves English by watching videos on YouTube and became fascinated with videos of Obama's speeches. One speech in particular, they told me, had struck a nerve: Obama's victory speech after winning reelection in 2012, in which they told a crowd in Chicago that no matter who you are or where you come from, “you can make it here in America if you're willing to try.”
“He said, 'In America, you can make it if you try,'" Sengdao said that day while we waited together for Obama's motorcade. “I think it's very true — but not always. I want to know if it's true in Laos.”
The letter Sengdao received from Obama last week was dated Sept. 30, 2016, just three weeks after Obama's visit. But U.S. Embassy staff were not able to track down Sengdao and deliver it to them until last Friday, when U.S. Ambassador Rena Bitter and two members of their staff traveled to Luang Prabang. Embassy staff confirmed the letter came from Obama, but said they couldn't comment on it without State Department approval.
U.S. Ambassador Rena Bitter hand-delivered President Barack Obama's letter to Sengdao at their temple in Luang Prabang. (Courtesy of Sengdao Oudomsinh)
So far, Sengdao has told only few friends about the visit. They have shown the actual letter to even fewer people because of how precious it feels. “It's not a secret, but it feels very personal and private that they would choose to write something to me. I don't want to ruin that feeling,” Sengdao said. They emailed me a copy of the letter, but asked that it not be posted in full online.
Obama encouraged Sengdao to keep pursuing their dreams and dedicate themselves to improving their own life and the lives of others. “The letter is an answer to all my questions,” Sengdao said. “He is like me, someone who started from nothing. It makes me think I can do that as well.”
For a long time, Sengdao's dream has been to attend a university abroad, ideally in the United States. By studying abroad, they hope to be able to help others by working for the United Nations or with international human rights organizations.
Last year, Sengdao applied to one of the only international scholarships for students in Laos — and was crushed to discover they missed the cut. But this year, after Obama's visit, they applied again — attaching a copy of the article — and was one of a few chosen for final interviews.
The interview is coming up on Saturday, and Sengdao has spent the past few days reading and rereading Obama's letter to him, hoping against the odds that the former president's belief in them will be justified.
“He is a man of hope,” Sengdao said toward the end of our call. “And it makes me unique, I think, because now they have given these words of hope to me.”
The signature on a letter sent from then-President Barack Obama to Laotian monk Sengdao Oudomsinh (Courtesy of Sengdao Oudomsinh)
Read more:
Obama tours Buddhist temple in Laos
They taught D.C. to respect Lao food. Now she's evangelizing in Laos, too.
Since their inception in 1996, Lara Croft and the Tomb Raider brand have become a highly lucrative multimedia franchise branching out to include comic books, novels, theme park rides and movies. The first movie, starring Angelina Jolie, is still the highest grossing film adaptation of a video game ever released in the US (third world wide) and the Guinness Book of World Records have acknowledged them as the 'Most Successful Human Virtual Game Heroine'. So I think it's fairly safe to say that Lara Croft is a gaming institution. So when current Tomb Raider studio, Crystal Dynamics, released the latest addition to the brand in March 2013, the eyes of the gaming world were watching to see what had become of the legend that is Lara Croft. It hadn't been a secret that the company were going to completely reboot the franchise with an origin story and, as is to be expected, there was a lot of uneasiness as to whether this was a sensible move. But Crystal Dynamics embedded the project with so much artistic integrity that what resulted was a game that not only honoured everything the brand had come to represent but gave it a much-needed facelift and modernisation that made for a totally refreshing gaming experience. The game was taglined with the words 'A Survivor is Born' and no phrase so succinctly captures the heart of this creatively exceptional reboot. We are presented with a protagonist that at first is nothing like a resemblance of the character we expected but as the game progresses we see how a hero is forged. It is the stark contrast between this acute characterisation with the strong and confidant icon that we have come to expect from Lara Croft that makes this game so powerful and gives new life to one of the most popular gaming franchises in history.
If you struggled to watch the Yeezy Boost 350s get dipped in paint at the hands of artist CJ Hendry earlier this month, you might just want to go ahead and turn away from this one now.
One of The Shoe Game's readers sent in the image you see above, reportedly wondering if this sort of damage was "supposed to happen while running."
We'd venture to guess that the answer is a strong "no," but the real question is why was this guy wearing a lifestyle sneaker for serious physical activity in the first place?
Putting your prized pairs through the rigors of road running is only asking for trouble, so let this sneakerhead's mistake serve as a valuable lesson. Wear your sneakers, but wear them wisely, please.
Finland would experience gas shortages even if Russia cut off exports just for one month, while other EU countries would last between three to nine months without Russian gas, according to a German study.
"A Russian gas export embargo during the winter of 2014/15 lasting for more than 6 months would cause supply shortfalls in many European countries, in particular, in central and eastern Europe, including Germany," according to a study published Wednesday (3 September) by the Institute of Energy Economics at the University of Cologne.
Based on a computer simulation of European pipelines, storage facilities and liquefied natural gas (LNG) infrastructure, the study explores what would happen if Russia would cut off the gas for one, three, six or nine months.
Since Finland has no storage capacities and 100 percent of its gas comes from Russia, it would be the first country to experience supply shortages - up to 10 percent in the first month and over 50 percent if Russia halts gas exports for three months.
A three-month Russian embargo would leave Poland with a 1.8 billion cubic metre shortfall and Turkey with a shortfall of 3.8 billion metres.
Germany, Austria, Switzerland, Greece, the Balkan countries and Estonia would feel the effects of a six-month embargo.
Meanwhile, if Russia switches off the tap for nine months, gas supplies in Germany, Italy and France would be "severely affected" and a total of 46 billion cubic metres of European gas demand could not be served.
The Czech Republic, Hungary, Slovakia would also have problems, as well as the countries already in trouble after three months (Finland, Poland, Turkey, Greece, Austria, the entire Balkan, Estonia and Switzerland).
The countries in which gas supply would be secure even during a nine-month disruption are those who still have their own gas reserves, such as Denmark, Norway, the Netherlands, Romania and the UK.
Countries importing from their neighbours or with LNG terminals would also be safe: Belgium, Bulgaria, Ireland, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Portugal, Spain and Sweden.
The study also looks at the impact of one extremely cold week during a six-month disruption: "Supply shortfalls would occur in almost the entirety of Europe." In that scenario, Ireland, the UK, Belgium, Romania and Bulgaria would also be affected.
But Russia would be hit too, as it would lose €4-4.5 billion of revenues for each month of an embargo, some 3.5 percent of Gazprom's annual revenue.
"This would significantly affect Gazprom's profitability, and reduce the company's ability to contribute to the Russian state budget," the German researchers note.
Similar "worse case scenarios" are also being considered in the European Commission, as the Russia-Ukraine conflict is likely to affect the gas supplies to EU countries this winter.
"That Putin would use false information, lies and weapons was beyond my imagination," energy commissioner Guenther Oettinger said in Brussels on Tuesday.
"That's why I am not ruling out worst case scenarios any more," they added, referring to Europe's energy security.
Among the contingency plans being considered is a ban on LNG gas being exported out of Europe, a source familiar with the emergency plans told Reuters.
"In the short-term, we are very worried about winter supplies in southeast Europe. Our best hope in case of a cut is emergency measure 994/2010 which could prevent LNG from leaving Europe as well as limit industrial gas use in order to protect households," the source said.
EU regulation 994/2010 was passed in 2010 to safeguard gas supplies. If applied, it would include banning gas companies from selling LNG tankers outside of Europe, keeping more gas in reserve, and ordering industry to cap its use of gas.
Europe's reliance on Russian gas is expected to last for at least another 10 years, according to US ratings agency Fitch.
"Any attempt to improve energy security by reducing European reliance on Russia would require either a significant reduction in overall gas demand or a big increase in alternative sources of supply, but neither of these appears likely," Fitch said in a report on Tuesday.
Left-wing organizations attack Naftali Bennett for their use of ancient coin in CNN interview, claim removing it from Israel against law.
Millions around the world watched the CNN interview featuring Economic Minister Naftali Bennett (Jewish Home) during which Bennett defended Israel's right to build in Judea and Samaria earlier this week.
CNN international affairs reporter Christiane Amanpour had used the term “occupied West Bank” in a question during the interview. In response, Bennett held up a coin which, they pointed out, was “used by Jews 2,000 years ago in the state of Israel," emphasizing that "one cannot 'occupy' their own home."
Leftist organizations have not only attacked Bennett's rhetoric, but also their use of the coin itself. They argue that Bennett's use of the coin violates Israeli law with regard to antiquities, which have very specific legal requirements regarding when and how relics can be used. One of them is a rule that antiquities must remain within Israel's borders - but only if they are state-owned.
Bennett's representatives released a sarcastic response Wednesday. "The coin is currently making its way back from its Zionist mission to tens of millions of American Jews, as a symbol of peace. Next time, the Minister's office will announce that the coin is traveling abroad."
In a swipe at Bennett's left-wing critics, it continued, "By the way, the coin was bought legally, in an Israeli antique store. Which just proves true the aphorism: 'there are two sides to every coin.'"
In an interview with Arutz Sheva, Bennett's office stated, "the Minister has already done a good thing: they have reminded the Left that this is our land, and if the price is taking an antique coin out of Israel's borders and returning it - it's worth it."
The Texas Legislature re-convened yesterday to begin a 30-day special session in the middle of summer. And make no mistake: The entire session is for the purpose of passing a draconian “bathroom” bill to restrict restrooms that transgender people can use, stigmatizing trans people under state law and putting them in physical danger every day of their lives.
After an attempt during the regular session earlier in the spring failed spectacularly, Lt. Governor Dan Patrick―who introduced the failed Senate bill back in April―held hostage a must-pass bill needed to keep several Texas agencies operating. This so that Governor Greg Abbott, themselves one of the most anti-LGBT governors in the country who recently pushed and signed an anti-LGBTQ adoption bill, would have no choice but to call the special session.
There are other bills legislators have put off for the session too, including one aimed at restricting abortion coverage under private plans for health insurance, but the main event is the trans bathroom bill. Patrick's original bill was modeled on North Carolina's infamous HB2. When it was successfully beaten back by opponents, including Democrats buffeted by big companies that spoke out, anti-LGBTQ House members were successful in passing a narrower bathroom amendment attached to a bill pertaining to school emergency plans, which would have allowed school districts to restrict the bathroom and locker room use of trans students.
But that wasn't enough for Patrick and other extremists, who voted it down and pushed for the special session to get the more broad-based bill passed attacking all transgender people statewide.
Activists have already been successful at bringing attention to the hatefest underway, with a photo that a trans woman took posing with Gov. Abbott ― who didn't know they were trans ― going viral after they shared it on Facebook on Monday, captioned, ”How will the Potty Police know I'm transgender if the Governor doesn't?”
And major corporations have gone on the offensive. Austin's prominent tech industry leaders, including those at Dell and IBM, have spoken out forcefully this week about the harm that will come to the industry in retaining and recruiting workers. And the Austin Statesman American reported more than a dozen corporate executives of companies that employ thousands of Texans statewide signed on to a letter to the governor warning of the economic consequences ― similar to what North Carolina experienced―that will befall the state:
This legislation threatens our ability to attract and retain the best talent in Texas, as well as the greatest sporting and cultural attractions in the world..[T]he so-called “bathroom bill” that the Texas Legislature is considering would seriously hurt the state's ability to attract new businesses, investment and jobs.
This battle is a much larger showdown between the increasingly powerful extremist religious zealots in the Texas Republican Party and the dwindling, more moderate, business-friendly GOPers, as noted by the New York Times:
[Legislators] will most likely decide the fate of the Texas version of North Carolina's bitterly divisive legislation regulating the access of transgender people to public bathrooms. But something else will be on the line, too: whether moderate Republicans have a role to play in a state party increasingly dominated by far-right Christian conservatives, and whether the last powerful moderate Republican in Texas can keep their job and their influence.
The Republican speaker of the Texas House, Joe Strauss, in an interview with Lawrence Wright of the New Yorker recently, forcefully denounced the efforts to restrict transgender people:
I'm not a lawyer, but I am a Texan. I'm disgusted by all this. Tell the lieutenant governor I don't want the suicide of a single Texan on my hands.
For a Texas Republican in the current climate, those were remarkably strong words. And Strauss is now under assault by anti-LGBT activists and fellow lawmakers. Republican leaders in their own county, Bexar, passed a resolution calling for “a change in leadership in the Texas House speakership.” In interviews, Strauss is undeterred and determined to beat back the attacks on civil rights.
This is a test of how formidable big business can be in a large, urban state that is greatly reliant on it but where anti-LGBT religious conservatives turn out to vote in low-turnout GOP primaries, electing legislators who are determined to thwart and roll back LGBT rights, as well as rights for women and minorities. Under a Trump presidency, they have the wind at their backs, and they underscore how LGBTQ activists must fight not only at the national level but in states in which zealots are using the current national climate to enforce a radical agenda.
Hi,The first stable distro fully developed with Tumbleweed rollingrelease technology has finished it's final build. All engines arestopped now, the project does not accept submissions any more andgoes to maintenance mode.So openSUSE Leap 42.3 is done! The final images will not be visibleon download.o.o before the official release on Wednesday 26th to letthe mirrors warm up.Important fixes need to be submitted via the update project¹ now. Ifanything needs to be fixed urgently to be available at the releaseday, please talk to maintenance² and thoroughly test your changes!Remaining glitches should be documented in the release notes³.Thanks everyone for your contributions and hard work to make 42.3 agreat release!cuLudwig[1] openSUSE:Leap:42.3:Update[2] set Bugzilla NEEDINFO to maintenance@xxxxxxxxxxxx[3] https://github.com/openSUSE/release-notes-openSUSE --(o_ Ludwig Nussel//\V_/_ http://www.suse.com/ SUSE Linux GmbH, GF: Felix Imendörffer, Jane Smithard,Graham Norton, HRB 21284 (AG Nürnberg)--To unsubscribe, e-mail: opensuse-factory+unsubscribe@xxxxxxxxxxxxTo contact the owner, e-mail: opensuse-factory+owner@xxxxxxxxxxxx
Hundreds of pro-life and pro-choice demonstrators gathered today in Dublin city centre to protest the State's abortion laws.
Gardaí estimated that 800 people attended the rally to repeal the 8th Amendment – the constitutional ban on abortion. A similar march last Wednesday drew thousands.
The protest, organised by several pro-choice groups including Action for Choice and Choice Ireland, began at the Spire on O'Connell Street at 2pm.
Protesters marched to Leinster House to call for a reconvening of the Dáil to address the country's abortion laws.
The legislation has been in the spotlight since the case of a young woman, who said they were suicidal after becoming pregnant through rape, had a Caesarean section at 25 weeks pregnancy after being refused a termination under the Protection of Life During Pregnancy Act.
Socialist TD Ruth Coppinger said of the Act: “There shouldn't be any tribunals, any inquisitions or any panels to decide what women need and want. That should be the choice of the woman herself.”
They called the silence of the Labour Party, including Tánaiste Joan Burton, “absolutely shameful”.
Ms Coppinger said of the religious right: “Your time was the Magdalene laundries. Your time was the mother and baby homes…Your time was symphysiotomy…That was your time. This is our time.”
Dr Ross Kelly of Doctors for Choice said the group called for two things. Firstly an independent – non HSE – inquiry into the clinical decisions that took place in the case, and secondly the repeal of the 8th Amendment and decriminalisation of abortion services in Ireland.
Pro-life groups were equally critical of Ireland's abortion legislation during a vigil at the Spire which began at 4pm. A similar vigil took place outside Leinster House on Friday evening.
Organisers said the event was being staged to “challenge the undignified clamour from pro-choice advocates for more abortion as a premature baby struggles for life” and to highlight the importance of the equal care that is due to the baby at the centre of the controversy, who was delivered prematurely.
Gardaí estimated that more people turned out for the vigil than had attended the pro-choice demonstration earlier in the day.
Protesters gathered in the median on O'Connell Street and queued to sign a get well message for the baby, whom they referred to as “baby Hope”.
The crowd chanted “we love you, baby Hope” and held signs that read “love them both” as they marched to the Irish Family Planning Association offices to lay down carnations.
Dr Eoghan de Faoite of Youth Defence said the baby was “once a perfectly healthy baby boy living in the womb of a physically healthy mother” and “will now face a lifetime of medical complications…all because of the cruel, barbaric and fundamentally flawed abortion act”.
Dr de Faoite said the baby was not the only victim of the law.
“His mother was also failed by the State, failed by the Government and failed by the Irish Family Planning Association, whose so-called services they availed of throughout their pregnancy.”
They said the young woman was not properly treated, and medical personnel should have addressed their mental health status. Counselling, psychotherapy and psychotropic medication “if they needed it” was the “correct treatment for suicidality, not abortion”.
AMD kick-started 2012 with the release of the Radeon HD 7970, the first member of the Radeon HD 7000 GPU series. This launch marked the introduction of the first-ever graphics card to be made on a 28nm design process, representing the company's most complex GPU to date, with 4,313 million transistors in a 352mm2 die.
Following this release, through the year AMD shipped seven additional 28nm HD 7000 cards targeting price ranges from $100 through to $400, which is where the HD 7970 sits today (nearly 30% below its debut price). Most of AMD's lineup has undergone similar price cuts to address stiff competition from Nvidia's own 28nm GPU offerings.
Nvidia arrived slightly later to the party, roughly two months after the HD 7970 debut, the GeForce GTX 680 at $500 was cheaper and faster than the HD 7970, forcing AMD to make swift price cuts even though the GTX 680 remained in very limited supply for many months.
This price war of sorts continued as Nvidia dribbled out new GTX 600 parts over the next five months. Discontent with reactively slashing prices, AMD made an effort to improve margins by releasing overclocked versions of its two top models: the HD 7970 GHz Edition and the HD 7950 Boost.
By mid-September things had settled down and models had been consolidated. We finally had a better idea of where things were going to stand in terms of price and performance, and neither company seemed to have another major release in the works. And then, AMD threw us a curve ball.
The new Catalyst 12.11 beta drivers delivered major performance gains in many popular games such as Battlefield 3, Borderlands 2, Civilization V, Skyrim, Sleeping Dogs and StarCraft II. While most titles ran around 10% faster depending on their settings, Battlefield 3 was 20 to 30% faster.
Around the same time, Nvidia released a new beta driver of its own (GeForce 310.33) which claimed modest gains for the GTX 680 and GTX 660 in several titles, and this driver has since been replaced by the GeForce 310.61 update, which made further performance enhancements. This is what we'll be testing today.
With updated pricing and performance across the board, we figured it would be worth revisiting both company's offerings to see where you should spend your hard-earned cash this holiday season and into early next year.
Welcome to All-Creatures.org
We are dedicated to cruelty-free living through a vegan lifestyle according to Judeo-Christian ethics. Unconditional love and compassion is the foundation of our peaceful means of accomplishing this goal for all of God's creatures, whether human or otherwise. See more about our philosophy. SUBSCRIBE to our newsletter!
From FOIA to Freedom: FDA Retires Monkeys to Florida Sanctuary...
As reported in a feature by CNN, the monkeys have reached their retirement home in Florida at Jungle Friends Primate Sanctuary. This is the first time the FDA has ever retired primates to a sanctuary.
Animal Rights Articles
A Quaker Response to Animal Suffering
As a Quaker I am embarrassed by too many Quakers' willful blindness to the suffering we inflict through our most mundane and daily choices.
Animals: Tradition - Philosophy - Religion
Have Heavenly Empathy...
Unless we have heavenly empathy, we cannot feel the pain and suffering of the whole of creation, and let us remember that pain and suffering can be mental as well as physical. And there is more...
An all-creatures.org Bible Sermon
[Photo of Krishna, rescued lamb, courtesy of Eden Farmed Animal Sanctuary]
Lentil Collard Greens Sweet Potato Curry
Lentil collard greens sweet potato curry is a delightfully spicy vegan recipe that takes about 30 minutes to prepare and about 45 minutes to cook in a microwave oven, if the lentils are precooked. This recipe will serve 8 adults as a main meal, when served over a bed of rice.
Recipes
Why Dead Dolphins Keep Washing Up on French Beaches...
Because of people's demands to have fishes to eat, a consequence is that dolphins ["bycatch"] are caught in huge trawler or drift nets and either drown or are brought onboard the fishing boats and killed.
Fishes
When Grizzly Bears Go Bad: Constructions of Victimhood and Blame...
We serve no practical purpose other than sustaining our collective outrage when we impose a moral judicial frame on instances where grizzly bears attack humans. We certainly dont foster the kind of understanding that might lead to useful changes in our behavior, especially if we are indeed serious about promoting human safety and peaceful coexistence with bears.
Animal Rights Articles
February 21, 2019 All-Creatures Newsletter
Insect apocalypse!... Wildlife killing contests threaten humans Belugas enslaved for entertainment AR movement challenges Extend moratorium on cownose ray killing contests Powerful PSA: Casa de Carne End USDA cruel dog experiments Who have more empathy?... and more!
All-Creatures.org Weekly Newsletters
Visit our WHAT's NEW page for all recent additions
Deep brain stimulation (DBS) of the ventral striatum/anterior limb of the internal capsule is safe and feasible in addressing the affective component of pain in patients with post-stroke pain syndrome.
Cleveland Clinic investigators reported findings from the first prospective, randomized, controlled trial of DBS for neuropathic pain in a presentation at the 2017 annual scientific meeting of the American Association of Neurological Surgeons. The study was also published in the May 2017 issue of Annals of Neurology.
"We showed that active versus sham DBS of the ventral striatum/anterior limb of the internal capsule produced significant improvements in multiple outcome measures associated with the affective sphere of chronic pain," says lead investigator Andre Machado, MD, PhD, Chairman of Cleveland Clinic's Neurological Institute. "This trial represents a paradigm shift in chronic pain management in that it targeted neurostimulation to brain structures related to the affective, rather than sensory, sphere of chronic pain."
Dr. Machado sees that as the investigation's key point of distinction, since previous studies of DBS and other forms of neurostimulation for pain have focused nearly exclusively on modulation of pain transmission and pain amplitude.
"In this study, we departed from an analgesia-based approach and focused on neural networks related to control of emotion and behavior," they explain, "based on our hypothesis that modulating the affective sphere of pain would improve quality of life or relieve pain-related disability, with or without attenuation of pain intensity."
To test that hypothesis, Dr. Machado and their team designed their investigator-initiated study as a six-month, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, crossover trial.
They enrolled 10 Cleveland Clinic patients with longstanding post-stroke pain syndrome who had hemibody pain and anesthesia dolorosa secondary to a contralateral lesion. "We chose post-stroke pain syndrome because it is associated with severe, refractory pain and patients with this syndrome are in need of therapies to alleviate suffering and disability," said Dr. Machado. "Because these patients have complete or near-complete damage to the sensory-discriminative pathways, they also provided a unique model for studying the effects of neuromodulation specifically on brain networks related to emotion and behavior control."
All patients underwent bilateral implantation of electrode array leads through the anterior limb of the internal capsule (ALIC) into the ventral striatum (VS). Surgical targeting was based on the investigators' experience with DBS for obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) and treatment-resistant depression. "We targeted the VS/ALIC because of its well-established role in controlling emotion and behavior and the documented safety of DBS in this brain region for treating OCD and treatment-resistant depression," said Dr. Machado.
One month after implantation, patients were randomized to active DBS or sham for three months and then crossed over to the other arm for another three months. After this blinded phase, patients underwent an 18-month open stimulation phase.
The study was negative for its primary and secondary end point, with no significant difference seen in pain-related disability on the PDI between active and sham treatment during the blinded stimulation phase. However, significant differences in favor of active DBS were seen in multiple outcomes associated with the affective dimension of chronic pain.
"Although the primary end point was not achieved, the efficacy of DBS was manifested by significant improvements in indices of the affective component of pain, such as depression, anxiety and quality of life," Dr. Machado observes. "These improvements -- achieved without significant reductions in the amplitude of pain -- corroborate our hypothesis and suggest that DBS of the VS/ALIC specifically modulated the affective sphere of pain in patients with post-stroke pain syndrome."
The findings suggest that analgesia may not be the appropriate treatment goal in central pain syndromes, said Dr. Machado. "We contend that neuromodulation therapies should focus on reducing pain-related suffering or disability rather than pain intensity," they say. "We propose a shift in surgical targeting away from neural networks underlying the sensory-discriminative domain toward the networks that mediate the affective-motivational sphere of chronic pain."
They add that their team's future work will involve analyzing functional neuroimaging and neurophysiological data obtained during this study to develop objective biomarkers that could help improve patient selection. These data will also be used to examine the neural substrates underlying how DBS impacts the affective aspect of pain.
The team also plans to initiate a multicenter study to confirm these findings elsewhere and potentially expand the study population to include patients with other types of chronic pain. "We believe the present findings justify further investigation of this treatment approach," said Dr. Machado.
Cricket's administrators need to realise the long-term benefits of including the Associates © ICC
"Cricket is the only sport with a World Cup that is contracting rather than expanding," said Ireland's experienced batsman Ed Joyce before the World Cup. Joyce's comments were both pointed and prescient. They were objecting to the ICC's plan to reduce the number of teams at the 2019 World Cup from 14 to 10. It was also a statement of intent: Ireland had a point to prove. This World Cup has already provided evidence to support Joyce's view. Ireland humiliated West Indies, and the "second tier" or "Associate" nations have produced some of the most thrilling matches of the tournament.
It is now clear that the ICC must rethink the 2019 format and allow Associate nations to play a leading role. The energy, diversity and freshness of cricket's emerging teams must be nurtured and developed. We need them in, not out.
The format of the World Cup changed direction in 2007. Until then, the size of the field at World Cups had gradually grown since 1975, from eight to 16 teams. At the World Cup in the West Indies in 2007, Bangladesh beat India, and Ireland beat Pakistan - leading to early exits for both Asian powerhouses. TV audiences tanked as a consequence, revealing the familiar structural vulnerability of cricket's fan base.
Never again, please - that was the message from the broadcasters to the administrators. Hence the format for this World Cup is designed to ensure that the established teams are given every chance of qualifying for the quarter-finals ("every chance", in this instance, may not add up to quite enough chances for England).
A healthy sports league is like a great team. It holds and preserves a series of balances: between familiarity and change, established players and new voices, tradition and innovation, safety and risk
The appropriate format for the World Cup belongs to a far broader and more important story. Cricket is routinely described as the second-most popular team sport in the world (behind football, of course). But cricket has a very unusual series of skews and imbalances that make its position as a premier international game potentially fragile.
First of all, cricket relies - to an unusual degree - on the international game. It is hard, in the current circumstances, to imagine cricket as a serious sport without vibrant, competitive and unpredictable international matches. That requires a healthy number of teams comprising, in effect, a world league of cricketing nations. If the international game becomes dull, predictable and stale, cricket would have serious problems affecting players, fans and broadcasters alike. So keeping the league of international teams in good health is a pre-eminent concern.
Football, in contrast, would be quite robust even if internationals were banned tomorrow. In the age of the Champions League, the Premier League, La Liga and all the rest, the world's top talent can find fulfilling expression outside the context of one country playing another. Top club football, in many respects, has outstripped the international game, not only in terms of quality and remuneration, but also, perhaps, status.
Yes, the IPL - with its franchises drawing global talent while operating inside one country - has nudged cricket significantly in that direction. But whatever the financial clout of the IPL, it does not have anything like the kudos of football's Champions League. The IPL cannot entirely define and cement a player's reputation in quite the same way.
That is why the standard argument about World Cup formats - that commercial pressures (i.e. television) must be balanced against the good of the game - is not quite accurate. Long-term commercial instincts, I think, are also strongly in favour of growing the pool of fully fledged international teams. Cricket will become a much better spectacle if the game consists of a wider range of voices, drawing in new audiences and cultures.
Let's make the same argument in a different way. If television contracts ran for 50 years rather than, say, five years, I think the media executives would be demanding that more space - not less - was provided for Ireland, UAE, Scotland and Afghanistan. Over the long term, breadth and diversity is good for a sport's health. So we should reposition the hinge of the debate. It is not the Evils of Money versus the Good of the Game, but short-termism versus long-termism.
Very loosely, this is the challenge facing international cricket: to nurture the sport, to improve the level of competition, to reach new audiences, to inspire new fans, to encourage a wider and more diverse range of communities across the world to follow and promote cricket, to strengthen and deepen existing loyalties while winning new ones.
A healthy sports league is like a great team. It holds and preserves a series of balances: between familiarity and change, between established players and new voices, between tradition and innovation, between safety and risk, between trying new things and yet preserving what has always worked. Though the best teams look stable, they are, in fact, never static. They are able to take on the appearance of permanence, in fact, only because they are always adapting and evolving.
Someone must always look to the future. For cricket, that means using the World Cup wisely, as both a wonderful showcase for the best in the game and also a realistic target and channel for the aspirations of Associate nations. This is no time for cricket to contract. If it merely settles for what it has got, it is likely to lose that as well.
Ed Smith's latest book is Luck - A Fresh Look at Fortune. @edsmithwriter
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
Chiefs RT Mitch Schwartz personally played well against the Bucs but the Chiefs offense did not. Schwartz said that over the past few weeks it feels like the offense is not pulling their weight.
“I think the last few weeks, it feels like the offense hasn't, really, done it's part in terms of putting up the points that we need to and being able to get our defense in good situations and letting those guys rush. We need to figure out why that is and work on it this week and get better.”
There were plenty of problems in this game. The Chiefs offense just wasn't on the field enough against the Bucs. The Bucs held the ball for 11 more minutes than the Chiefs. The red zone woes the past few weeks are one of the biggest culprits too. Also, what happened to the Chiefs running game? They haven't hit the century mark in a month. This team isn't built to win like that.
Schwartz really nailed it on why this one hurts. This pretty much sums up my thoughts as well:
“It is just one game,” Schwartz continued. “We have to figure out what went wrong and move forward. It is an aberration, hopefully. It is not the type of thing a really top tier team would let happen to them. That is the unfortunate thing. If you want to take the next step, these are the games that you should be winning. So, it's unfortunate from that perspective.”
In a new website-slash-pitch for a memoir, Vijay Chokal-Ingam, the brother of comedian Mindy Kaling, reveals that they gamed the system and managed to get into medical school by claiming they were African-American.
Chokal-Ingam, who graduated from the University of Chicago with a meager 3.1 GPA, says that their ploy began after the self-described party boy saw their fellow Asian Indian-Americans, many of whom had higher grades, fail to get into medical school. “I shaved my head, trimmed my long Indian eyelashes, and applied to medical school as a black man,” they wrote on their website, AlmostBlack.com. “My change in appearance was so startling that my own fraternity brothers didn't recognize me at first. I even joined the Organization of Black Students and started using my embarrassing middle name that I had hidden from all of my friends since I was a 9 years old.”
With this, “Jojo” managed to get into the selective Saint Louis University School of Medicine with the exact same application they used as an Indian man. As a fake black man, they allegedly secured interviews at nine highly selective medical schools, including Harvard, Columbia, and the University of Pennsylvania. As they told The New York Post:
“I disclosed that I grew up in one of the wealthiest towns in Massachusetts, that my mother was a doctor, and that my father was an architect,” they said Saturday, describing their med-school applications. “I disclosed that I didn't receive financial aid from the University of Chicago, and that I had a nice car,” they said. “I was the campus rich kid, let's just put it on the table. And yet they considered me an affirmative-action applicant.”
Chokal-Ingam hinted that their plot to become black wasn't exactly a smooth ride, however. “Cops harassed me. Store clerks accused me of shoplifting. Women were either scared of me or couldn't keep their hands off me,” they wrote. “What started as a devious ploy to gain admission to medical school turned into twisted social experiment.”
After two years at med school, Chokal-Ingam dropped out and began attending business school at the University of California Los Angeles — as an Indian-American. They told the Post that they were going public with their past deception “because they heard that UCLA is considering strengthening its affirmative-action admissions policies.” (The debate over the University of California's admissions system has been raging for decades.)
Chokal-Ingam hinted that their famous sister, who stars on Fox's The Mindy Project, wasn't too happy about their decision: “I love my sister to death…She says this will bring shame on the family.”
[New York Post]
[Image via Helga Esteb / Shutterstock.com]
— —
>> Follow Tina Nguyen (@Tina_Nguyen) on Twitter
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
Makanzee Oldham (Photo: Photo courtesy of Michael Oldham)
Oak Park — A 2-year-old girl was clinging to life Thursday as police arrested the man they say shot them after an argument over Kool-Aid.
Following a massive manhunt, Detroit Police captured Cleveland Smelley on Thursday in Oak Park, according to Detroit and Oak Park police.
"We had gotten a tip last night that they might be here," Detroit Assistant Chief Steve Dolunt said of a motel on Eight Mile near Greenfield. That tip prompted plainclothes officers to set up overnight surveillance on the hotel, which police asked media not to name.
On Thursday morning, Oak Park police received its own tip, according to that department's Lt. Marlon Benson. Uniformed officers converged upon the hotel to find the Detroit officers already in place.
Officials with both departments arrested Smelley, 31 of Oak Park, inside room 71D, an upstairs unit at the hotel. Officers found no weapon inside and the suspect was taken into custody without incident.
"It was business as usual," Benson said of the arrest. "We have a good relationship with the Detroit police."
Smelley is arrested in connection to the shooting of 2-year-old Makanzee Oldham in the head Wednesday during an incident involving the girl's father on the city's east side.
"I just heard it was a stupid argument over Kool-Aid," Dolunt said, blasting a culture of settling conflicts with violence. "You can agree to disagree."
The girl was identified Thursday by their great-uncle Michael Oldham, who told The Detroit News that the girl is "barely alive."
"She's still hanging on, but it's pretty critical," Oldham said. "The family is trying to hold it together."
Detroit police confirmed their status Thursday. Officials previously were told and released publicly that the girl had died.
"She is on life support," Officer Jennifer Moreno said. "She is still alive at an area hospital."
Makanzee, initially reported to be 3 years old, was shot around 7:40 p.m. Wednesday while sitting in a car with their father on the 16400 block of Fairmount, police said. They have "a birthday coming up” which contributed to the initial confusion about their age, Officer Dan Donakowski said Thursday morning.
Smelley, a neighbor of the girl's father, allegedly “went up to the vehicle they were sitting in and opened fire,” Moreno said Wednesday. The girl was struck but their father was uninjured. Two other children also were in the vehicle at the time and escaped unscathed, police said.
Smelley's arrest Thursday came after two other people persons of interest were taken into custody, according to police. Those individuals are not being identified because they have not yet been charged. Their alleged roles in the shooting were not released.
Dolunt on Thursday praised tipsters who helped police safely locate Smelley.
"We can't thank the public enough," they said.
Dolunt added that police initially released an older picture of Smelley, but followed up Thursday with a newer image that may have helped people recognize the fugitive.
Cleveland Smelley (Photo: Detroit Police Department)
Michigan Department of Corrections records show Smelley has been sentenced for assault with a dangerous weapon, assault with intent to do great bodily harm less than murder and felony firearms.  They are "well-known" in Oak Park due to previous run-ins with law enforcement, according to Benson.
Children have increasingly become victims of shootings in Detroit, a development that has led Detroit police Chief James Craig, advocates against gun violence and pastors to call for a cease-fire.
On Saturday, a 15-year-old girl was shot on their porch on the 3200 block of Hazelwood. From March to May, a 6-month-old and a 3-year-old were fatally shot, and a 5-year-old found a gun in their grandparents' home and fatally shot herself. In that period, a 4-year-old also was injured in a shooting.
“You've got kids killing kids, adults killing adults over dumb stuff," said Derrick Austin, a supporter of United Communities of America. The group recently sponsored a motorcade through Detroit to protest the shootings.
Dolunt on Thursday joined the chorus, urging a change from the city's violence-prone culture.
"You gotta have a license to drive a car but there's no one to teach you to be a parent," they said. "This (violence) is learned behavior."
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/1TFoCtv
COMMERCE CITY — Ready for a rematch?
The Rapids will host Orlando City in the fourth round of the 2014 Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup at Dick's Sporting Goods Park on June 17 at 7 p.m. MT.
The USL Pro team advanced Wednesday in the annual knockout tournament with a 4-1 win over the Tampa Bay Rowdies of the NASL in Orlando.
When asked earlier this week about their lineup heading into the U.S. Open Cup, Rapids head coach Pablo Mastroeni said they planned to use their best available players.
“We want to win,” Mastroeni said. “It's a great opportunity for us to be hosting a game and attack it with the guys who are ready to rock and physically in good shape.”
VIDEO: Mastroeni on U.S. Open Cup lineup
Mastroeni added that the U.S. Open Cup is as important to them as MLS fixtures.
“Every chance you cross that line, the expectation is, you get a result,” Mastroeni said.
The Lions eliminated the Rapids in the 2013 tournament with a 3-1 win at the Citrus Bowl. Dom Dwyer, who was on loan from Sporting Kansas City, scored two goals in the win. Dwyer is currently second in the MLS Golden Boot race for Sporting KC with 10 goals this season.
Orlando City (8-0-3) is currently in first place in U.S. soccer's third-tier league. They will join MLS in 2015.
VIDEO: Mastroeni on importance of U.S. Open Cup vs. MLS
The match will mark the first time the Rapids have hosted an Open Cup match in seven years. Tickets for the Tuesday night game range from $15-20, a discount compared to regular season prices. All seating is general admission. Seats can be purchased online or by calling 303-825-GOAL.
The Rapids' all-time record in the U.S. Open Cup is 13-17, with 32 goals scored and 51 goals against.
The Rapids the best tournament showing was in 1999 when they lost in the final to the Rochester Raging Rhinos of the now-defunct A-League, 2-0. They've advanced as far as the quarter finals on four other occasions, the last time being in 2007.
The tournament champion wins an automatic berth into CONCACAF Champions League.
Now in its 101st year, the Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup welcomes teams of all levels of American soccer, including amateurs. It's the longest-running soccer contest in the country.
Daniel Boniface: 303-954-1104, dboniface@denverpost.com or twitter.com/danielboniface
We are putting priorities on that, then estimating it with t-shirt sizes so that the management can have a feeling about estimations. It starts from XS and going up to XXL, so that the management can have a feeling how much it will cost and how much it will impact the product.
We use Gerrit for that which is a really cool tool. We've also included it into the JIRA workflow. Before any code is sent to QA for testing, a code review is done where every developer can give a plus 1. So different developers are giving feedback with plus 1 or minus 1 and then the code is going back to the developer in charge. They then needs to do the stuff on which they got feedback from the other developers.
What we also have is Jenkins for continuous integration. In that part, the operations team also uses Puppet, which is really a good tool to deploy stuff on distributed servers.
We also use Nitrate for managing our test cases stories. That's a really interesting tool. It's nothing automated - we use it to write the test cases there. We use Cucumber (Ruby) for system tests (automated tests), and we are switching from Cucumber now to Behat. Behat is the PHP framework and very useful for functional or system tests.
Synopsis: Supernova Footprint on the Moon
Lunar soil samples reveal an unusually high level of radioactive iron, which suggests a supernova in our vicinity within the last few million years.
About 2 million years ago, a star next door to our solar system may have gone boom. The fallout from such an explosion would explain abnormal levels of a radioactive iron isotope ( 6 0 Fe ) found in deep-sea samples. This nearby-supernova hypothesis—first proposed in 1999—is now supported by new evidence from the Moon. Researchers studying lunar soil samples have uncovered high levels of 6 0 Fe that are consistent with Earth data. The “pristine” lunar record provides a more accurate estimate of the total amount of debris from nearby supernovae.
A primary interest in nearby supernovae stems from their possible connection with extinctions on Earth. Besides emitting deadly radiation, these events also spew out heavy elements, such as 6 0 Fe , which can settle on planetary bodies within the blast zone. Detecting high levels of 6 0 Fe in a geological sample implies a fairly recent (and close) supernova, since this isotope has a radioactive half-life of 2.6 million years.
Although high 6 0 Fe concentrations were originally found in 2-million-year-old oceanic crust, a better “archive” of the solar system's past is the unworked surface of the Moon. Gunther Korschinek from the Technical University of Munich, Germany, and their colleagues obtained lunar soil samples from the Apollo missions. Using accelerator mass spectrometry, they found the ratio of 6 0 Fe to total iron was around 1 part in 1 0 1 5 , which is about 10 times higher than the measured background. Cosmic-ray interactions—another possible source of 6 0 Fe —could not account for this high concentration. The team estimated the time-integrated flux of 6 0 Fe , which is a valuable constraint on models of our local stellar environment.
This research is published in Physical Review Letters.
–Michael Schirber
[et_pb_section bb_built=”1″ _builder_version=”3.0.77″ background_color=”#000000″][et_pb_row _builder_version=”3.0.77″][et_pb_column type=”1_2″][et_pb_image _builder_version=”3.0.77″ src=”http://www.edrpg.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/d3452a_6dfc63cb08d74ec98bce72f055b6cd25-mv2.png” show_in_lightbox=”off” url_new_window=”off” use_overlay=”off” always_center_on_mobile=”on” border_style=”solid” force_fullwidth=”off” show_bottom_space=”on” /][/et_pb_column][et_pb_column type=”1_2″][et_pb_blurb _builder_version=”3.0.77″ title=”Core Book Delivery Date” url_new_window=”off” use_icon=”off” use_circle=”off” use_circle_border=”off” icon_placement=”top” use_icon_font_size=”off” background_layout=”light” border_style=”solid”]
Due to a small amount of delay in the final stages of the preparation for printing, we are expecting the books to be sent to our distribution warehouse on 6th October. The warehouse will begin immediate fulfilment with postal arrival dates dependent on your location and local delivery services.
We will be releasing the PDF to our backers Pledge Manager account on Friday 29th September for all those who qualify. For our backers, to obtain a copy just log in to the Pledge Manager account using the same login details as when you answered your questionnaire and you will be directed to a download icon for the Core Book.
Production of the Supplements are still on track for the beginning of next year and we will continue to update you on their progress, with more sneak peaks of artwork and other content.
[/et_pb_blurb][/et_pb_column][/et_pb_row][/et_pb_section][et_pb_section bb_built=”1″ _builder_version=”3.0.77″ background_color=”#1e1e1e”][et_pb_row _builder_version=”3.0.77″][et_pb_column type=”1_2″][et_pb_image _builder_version=”3.0.77″ src=”http://www.edrpg.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/d3452a_611ab2d3d4c541a1ae8c7640bb72ee4c-mv2.png” show_in_lightbox=”off” url_new_window=”off” use_overlay=”off” always_center_on_mobile=”on” border_style=”solid” force_fullwidth=”off” show_bottom_space=”on” /][/et_pb_column][et_pb_column type=”1_2″][et_pb_blurb _builder_version=”3.0.77″ title=”Core Book Delivery Date” url_new_window=”off” use_icon=”off” use_circle=”off” use_circle_border=”off” icon_placement=”top” use_icon_font_size=”off” background_layout=”light” border_style=”solid”]
Spidermind Games will have some floor space dedicated to EDRPG, so if you are coming, do pop by and say hello.
In order to ensure that we will be able to show off our printed version of the Core Book at the Expo, we have asked for a limited number of physical copies of the EDRPG Core Manual to be shipped, express, to be with us well in time for the Expo. This means that if you are a backer of our project, and you are attending the Expo you may well be able to collect a copy of the Core Manual from our stand on the day.
As we are limited in the number of books we can have with us, please can any backers who wish to collect a copy of their book on the day email their request to info@edrpg.co.uk
Please put the title of the E-mail as FX17
In the body of the email please be sure to let us know BOTH your email address you used to sign up for the Kickstarter And the Commander or other name you chose to appear in the credits of the book. On the day, we will ask a quick security question and should you pass this you will be able to collect your Core Book straight away.
Just don't fail the security question….
[/et_pb_blurb][et_pb_image _builder_version=”3.0.77″ src=”http://www.edrpg.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/d3452a_decf5fdee214470188a189319453d4c6-mv2.gif” show_in_lightbox=”off” url_new_window=”off” use_overlay=”off” always_center_on_mobile=”on” border_style=”solid” force_fullwidth=”off” show_bottom_space=”on” /][et_pb_text _builder_version=”3.0.77″ background_layout=”light” border_style=”solid”]
If there are any copies left on the day then we will be selling these at the standard retail price of £35.
[/et_pb_text][/et_pb_column][/et_pb_row][/et_pb_section][et_pb_section bb_built=”1″ _builder_version=”3.0.77″ background_color=”#000000″][et_pb_row _builder_version=”3.0.77″][et_pb_column type=”1_2″][et_pb_image _builder_version=”3.0.77″ src=”http://www.edrpg.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/dice.jpg” show_in_lightbox=”off” url_new_window=”off” use_overlay=”off” always_center_on_mobile=”on” border_style=”solid” force_fullwidth=”off” show_bottom_space=”on” /][et_pb_blurb _builder_version=”3.0.77″ title=”Cut off time for collection” url_new_window=”off” use_icon=”off” use_circle=”off” use_circle_border=”off” icon_placement=”top” use_icon_font_size=”off” background_layout=”light” border_style=”solid”]
The cut off time for any backers to email saying you wish to collect your book and/or dice is the end of this month (30th Sept) so please ensure that you email us before then to guarantee a copy of the book.
[/et_pb_blurb][et_pb_blurb _builder_version=”3.0.77″ title=”Core Book Fulfilment” url_new_window=”off” use_icon=”off” use_circle=”off” use_circle_border=”off” icon_placement=”top” use_icon_font_size=”off” background_layout=”light” border_style=”solid”]
For some people, the prohibitive cost of a flight to the UK, work, family and other matters has stopped them from being able to attend FX17, so instead will be posted out their pledges as and when they are complete. For those who are waiting for other products, on top of the Core Manual and the Chessex Dice, all fulfilment will be done when all items that you have ordered are ready for delivery. That being said, we are currently in discussion with PledgeManager to see if we can't offer a second postage option above the one you have already chosen.
Right now everyone has paid for a single shipment of all the goods when they are all ready and this is by far the cheapest option. What we are looking at now is to be able to offer a postage option for the core book (and dice if relevant) as an extra for those who, at the moment, are still waiting for the supplements and other goodies.
Nothing has been confirmed but as soon as we know whether we can make this available we will let you folks know. Sadly it isnt quite as simple as splitting the postage you have already paid, as with a second shipment comes further handling and packaging costs. How much exactly we don't currently know but as soon as we know more details we will pass these on.
[/et_pb_blurb][/et_pb_column][et_pb_column type=”1_2″][et_pb_blurb _builder_version=”3.0.77″ title=”Chessex Dice” url_new_window=”off” use_icon=”off” use_circle=”off” use_circle_border=”off” icon_placement=”top” use_icon_font_size=”off” background_layout=”light” border_style=”solid”]
That is not all, as anyone who has purchased some of the amazing Chessex Borealis dice will also be able to collect these at the expo.
We will have a complete list of all backers and what they ordered and so if you have bought both a Core Book and some dice as part of your pledge you will be able to collect both as long as you are quick enough to let us know.
For anyone who has not yet seen these amazing dice, sets will be on sale at the Expo as well.
Sets come in six colours and will be on sale for £6 each.
[/et_pb_blurb][/et_pb_column][/et_pb_row][/et_pb_section]
Hey Fans,
And there we have part 3! And funny, awesome and emotional episode. So enjoy!
Greets,
The team.
Download/stream:
Batsu 2014 – No laughing Defense Force – Part 3 @ Teamgaki.com
Batsu 2014 – No laughing Defense Force – Part 3 @ Dailymotion
We accidentally missed 3 minutes at the end of part 2. Here they are:
Batsu 2014 – No laughing Defense Force – Part 2.1 @ Teamgaki.com
Batsu 2014 – No laughing Defense Force – Part 2.1 @ Dailymotion
_______________________________________________________________________________
Torrent 720p version from teamgaki.com:
Just download the torrent once and use the .ass file every time to watch the new subs!
Subtitles: Batsu 2014 – No laughing Defense Force (Parts 1 to 3).ass @ Teamgaki.com
( Updated: added extra subs from 1:00 to 1:03)
Torrent: Batsu 2014 – No laughing Defense Force full.torrent @ Teamgaki.com
_______________________________________________________________________________
Advertisements
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
With every interview Luis Suarez gives , the feeling of anger and despair among Kopites grows. If the gifted striker truly cares about Liverpool FC, they have a very strange way of showing it.
A damaging summer-long saga drags painfully on with the Uruguayan repeatedly fluttering their eyelashes in the direction of potential suitors .
Every time they speak publicly in their homeland the disrespect towards both their employers and the supporters who took them to their hearts is staggering.
From the moment the Football Association hit Suarez with a 10-game ban for biting Chelsea's Branislav Ivanovic in April, Liverpool knew their 30-goal top scorer, left devastated by the severity of the punishment, may seek to engineer a transfer.
Yet Brendan Rodgers believed the Reds' unswerving support for the player – coupled with a commitment to help them combat their demons – would help convince them to stay put.
Make no mistake, Suarez owes Liverpool.
Transfer saga so far in quotes and pictures
Yes, the Reds have benefited greatly from their breathtaking talent over the past two and a half years but they have also paid a heavy price for their shortcomings.
They heaped shame on the club when they sunk their teeth into Ivanovic's arm. They did likewise when they racially abused Patrice Evra and then refused to shake their hand.
They have been suspended for an eye-watering 20 matches.
The least Liverpool deserved for standing by Suarez was some honesty but even that has proved beyond him.
Rather than informing Reds officials directly of their desire to move on, they waited until they were 6,500 miles away from Anfield in late May before telling them via the South American media.
They claimed they had to quit England because they had been ‘attacked unfairly by the UK press' which meant their family were ‘suffering'. “I don't feel comfortable any more,” they said.
Trying to suggest they were the victim of a witch hunt was laughable. They have always been their own worst enemy.
Suarez went on to speak glowingly about the attraction of signing for Real Madrid, saying they would give their ‘soul' for them every time they played.
Shell-shocked, Liverpool responded with a strongly worded statement making it abundantly clear that the 26-year-old was not for sale. Their stance hasn't wavered since with the fact that he's under contract for a further three years putting the Reds firmly in control.
Six weeks on, Madrid still haven't made their move. No-one has come close to testing Liverpool's resolve by offering anything close to the £50million it would require for the club to consider doing business.
Only Arsenal, with a derisory £30million bid which was instantly rejected, have made any kind of approach and it seems that Suarez is starting to get desperate.
In pictures: Suarez's LFC story so far
Why else would they interrupt their holiday this week to give an interview to a Uruguayan radio station? It came across as a lame attempt to drum up more interest.
Having previously talked about the necessity of quitting England, Suarez performed a remarkable U-turn.
Refusing to rule out the prospect of joining a rival Premier League club, they said they were flattered by the Gunners' approach. They said: “It is good to know that I am still valued by teams like Arsenal.”
Suarez confirmed they will report back for duty at Melwood on July 21 and then fly to Melbourne for the pre-season tour but warned ‘a phone call can change everything... Liverpool know what I want'.
For Kopites, whose patience with Suarez has been tested to the limit, it was galling.
Not even Fernando Torres behaved this badly when they were trying to force through a move in January 2011.
At least Torres didn't issue their ‘come and get me' pleas publicly before finally putting in a transfer request to get their £50million switch to Chelsea.
Suarez appears destined to join Torres on the list of fallen Kop idols. A player who could have gone down as one of the Reds' all-time greats but tarnished their legacy by the manner in which they left.
“I always tell fans to fall in love with the club, not with individual players,” said Liverpool legend John Barnes.
Wise words in an age when so many stars kiss the badge, take the money and pay lip service to the cause. The sad reality is that Suarez merely sees Liverpool as a stepping stone. He's simply passing through.
Suarez could have handled this sorry mess so much better.
If they had simply spoken about the lure of Champions League football with Madrid many Reds fans would have understood. After all, he's a world class marksman worthy of rubbing shoulders with Europe's elite.
Liverpool can't currently offer them that.
poll loading Do you agree with James Pearce? 2000+ VOTES SO FAR YES NO
But Suarez would be wise to remember that they played the best football of their career under Rodgers last season. It was Liverpool's system and style which got them operating at the peak of their powers.
Suarez said this week they has ‘two or three options' but in fact at the moment they only has one – return to Liverpool.
There is still a way back for them at Anfield. Knuckle down, score goals and all will be forgiven if not forgotten.
What happens next in this soap opera is unclear.
But as Suarez waits expectantly for a call from Spain, it's time they stopped putting the boot into Liverpool and took a vow of silence.
They have said far too much already.
*More on this: Brendan Rodgers in daily contact with Luis Suarez and hopes they stay at LFC
It seems silly to be writing a tutorial for a fleece blanket with binding considering it was 65 degrees and sunny yesterday. I did some spray painting and some cleaning with the windows open! But today they're calling for snow, so I guess it's still relevant. And Pumpkin also used their fleece blanket with binding yesterday morning when we went for a run, so yep, still going to tell you how to make one.
The great thing about this blanket is it's cleaner looking than a no sew tie blanket and you don't lose some of the size to fringe. And you can make it any size you want!
Here's what you need to make a 1 yard blanket:
1 yard top fleece
1 yard top bottom fleece
1/2 yard binding fleece
Line up your two pieces of fleece wrong sides together and cut them to the same size. I squared my pieces up and cut off the selvedge.
To make the binding take your fleece and cut it into 4″ strips.
Stitch the short ends of your strips together to make one long chain.
Pin your binding around the edge of the blanket right sides together. You're going to have a sandwich of 3 pieces. The bottom is you backing fabric with the right side facing down. In the middle is your top fabric with the right side facing up. Then pin your binding with the right side facing down.
Pin all the way around the blanket, easing around the corners. It's best not to start pinning at a corner of the blanket.
It's time to start sewing. If you have a walking food I highly recommend using it for this project. (Backstory: I was making a blanket for Sweetey Petey with my old sewing machine and I killed it since I didn't have a walking foot and it was a cheap machine. I bought this machine and finished the blanket. This blanket I'm showing you now is the blanket I made for their new little sister.)
Leave an inch or so at the end of your binding. You'll need this bit to attach the binding ends when you finish going all the way around.
Don't worry about trying to make a nice pleat in the corners like you do with quilts. Fleece doesn't fold that well since it's so bulky.
Just stitch until you're half an inch from the end, rotate, move the excess fabric out of the way and keep stitching.
When you get to the end stop, leaving an inch of binding. Line up the two ends of the binding, stitch them together, then stitch the rest of the way around your blanket.
Now you are just going to fold the binding to the back of the blanket. You can make a nice big binding or you can do a small one. It just depends on how far back you fold.
I did a thick binding on this one.
With the right side facing up, stitch in the ditch all the way around the blanket making sure your binding is pulled far enough over on the back side to catch.
This is what your blanket will look like in the back. I know it's not pretty right now, but we'll fix that.
And if you stitch in the ditch you won't even be able to see the stitches from the front of the blanket.
OK, back to the back. You're just going to snip the leftover fabric as close to the seam as possible being very careful not to snip the fabric of your blanket.
And you're done!
These blankets come together really quickly! And they're so cozy!
They're a nice alternative to the fringe blanket, especially for guys. I made my hubby a Purdue blanket just like this several years ago that they keep in the “movie theater.” I also made one for my brother-in-law for their man cave. For tall guys I recommend 2 yards of fabric to cover their long legs. You can also make a smaller “stroller size” one with ties to keep it in place like I did for Cupcake when they were a baby (the same one Pumpkin used yesterday on our run).
This one measures 30″ x 40″ with the ties attached about a third of the way down. The ties measure 40″ x 2″ which is plenty of room for tying on to the stroller.
Just line them up where you want them and stitch them under the binding. You'll also notice I did a much thinner binding on this one. I love that you can change it up to suit your needs!
GamesHQMedia has posted a six-minute gameplay video of Watch Dogs, the Ubisoft action game that utilises a smart, in-game user interface to manipulate the near-future Chicago environment. It's fascinating to see the GUI so deeply integrated into the 3D environment.
In Watch Dogs, players will assume the role of Aiden Pearce, a new type of vigilante who, with the help of their smartphone, will use their ability to hack into Chicago's central operating system (ctOS) and control almost every element of the city. Aiden will be able to tap into the city's omnipresent security cameras, download personal information to locate a target, control systems such as traffic lights or public transportation to stop a chase, and more. The city of Chicago is now the ultimate weapon.
Read on to see the gameplay video and screenshots.
Watch Dogs Gameplay
Source: Joystiq
Two years after the pro-democracy Occupy protests took over Hong Kong, the city will face its first major electoral test when it goes to the polls on Sept. 4 to elect a new legislature. The protests, however, may have done more to divide the city's pro-democracy forces than unite them, leaving Hong Kong's Bejing-leaning political leaders in a potentially stronger position than ever before.
During the 2014 demonstrations, opposition groups rallied around a single issue, universal suffrage—the right to elect the city's top official, the chief executive. Before then, the political landscape was fairly neatly divided between the traditional pro-democracy parties and pro-Beijing ones. But feelings of fatigue and disappointment after Occupy ended, and Beijing's rapidly growing interference in the city's affairs, is pushing some citizens to more radical parties to break what they see as a political stalemate.
“The Occupy movement was probably the beginning of the collapse of that unity, in terms of how far one is prepared to go down the road to fight against Beijing,” said Cheung Chor-yung, a political scientist at the City University of Hong Kong. “We no longer see a united opposition.”
EPA/ALEX HOFFORD A scene from the final days of the Occupy protests. The banner says “I want real universal suffrage.”
The issue threatens to destabilize the world's most important financial center behind New York and London, a city that is home to the Asian headquarters of some 1,400 international companies, and a transportation and shipping hub responsible for over 5% of the world's trade.
Ahead of the election, pro-democracy opposition parties hold enough seats in the Legislative Council to veto legislation, making it harder for pro-Beijing parties to push through laws that could potentially strengthen the Chinese Communist Party's grip over Hong Kong and weaken the things that make it so attractive to global companies and investors, like an independent rule of law and a strong anti-corruption agency.
But that veto power is fragile, and many worries that legislation could be introduced to curb civil liberties such as free speech, media freedom, and the right to protest. Teachers and parents fear that government could try once again to introduce laws to make patriotic education compulsory schools. There are worries that Hong Kong's much-admired anti-graft agency has already started to succumb to the influence of Beijing.
Even if the opposition retains veto power after this election, some fear that fragmentation could make it more difficult for the pro-democracy bloc to stand up to the powerful pro-Beijing parties, ultimately turning the legislature into an even more confrontational and dysfunctional arena.
Who's on the ballot?
All 70 seats in Hong Kong's Legislative Council, or Legco, are up for grabs in this election, and about 300 candidates are running. The seats are divided between directly elected geographical constituency seats, and functional constituency seats which represent different business and social sectors in Hong Kong and are not elected by universal suffrage. The opposition parties, also called the pan-democrats, currently hold 27 seats, enough for the one-third veto power that has been used to block, for example, a proposal to change how the chief executive is elected in 2017. At the very least they will want to retain that power.
Lau Siu-lai's Facebook page Campaign material from “Teacher Siu-lai.”
This year, in addition to the vanguard of the pro-democracy movement like the Democratic Party and the lawyer-heavy Civic Party, voters can choose from an array of Occupy-inspired candidates. The awkwardly named Youngspiration, formed months after the end of the Occupy protests, advocates “self-determination” and prioritizing Hong Kong people's needs. One independent candidate, Lau Siu-lai, a teacher, is known for their ”mobile classrooms” which took place around Hong Kong during Occupy to educate people about democracy. They were arrested during the “Fishball Revolution” riots at the beginning of the year for hawking without a license after they set up a small stand selling squid.
Joshua Wong, 19, the face of the Occupy protests and former leader of now-disbanded student group Scholarism, is unable to run in the election because they are not yet 21.
Choosing radicalism
Some voters feel that only newer, or more radical candidates, could finally break the political stasis in Hong Kong. In fact, these new parties are attracting citizens that have never voted before.
“I didn't vote in previous elections because Hong Kong has long been dominated by the pro-democracy and pro-establishment camps… I didn't feel I had a choice,” said Thomas Hon, 43, who works in the media industry. They plan to vote for Hong Kong Resurgence, a party led by Chin Wan, a professor of Chinese whose book Hong Kong as a City-State is considered by some to be the founding philosophy behind the self-determination movement in Hong Kong.
EPA/ALEX HOFFORD Members of Civic Passion campaign at an election rally. The banner reads “extend the Basic Law in perpetuity.”
Evon Wong, 58, is also voting for the first time next week and plans to cast their vote for a candidate belonging to the localist party Civic Passion. Localism espouses the idea that Hong Kong identity is separate to mainland Chinese, and fiercely protects the city's values and traditions. One of Civic Passion's candidates, long-time political firebrand Raymond “Mad Dog” Wong, is known for their extreme political views and violent actions, and once threw a glass at deeply unpopular Hong Kong chief executive Leung Chun-ying.
“The most important thing is for Hong Kong not to become like China”
“The Occupy protests opened my eyes to politics,” said the homemaker (no relation to Raymond Wong). “The most important thing is for Hong Kong not to become like China. I just want a change. Hong Kong is so broken right now, I hope there's a new power that can change that.”
On the extreme end of the localist spectrum, some candidates are advocating outright independence for Hong Kong. The idea is gaining traction among Hong Kong's youth, leading the government to ban some pro-independence candidates from running altogether, and quashing discussion of the issue in schools.
Avery Ng, a member of the League of Social Democrats party, said they are worried by the rise of some of these radical parties, which they said promote racist rhetoric against mainland Chinese and have launched smear campaigns against pro-democracy parties.
“We are now in the trough of the democratic movement…People felt a wave of hopelessness after the Umbrella Movement,” said Ng, explaining what is driving people to support radical parties. “That's why there is heavy fragmentation. It is hampering our efforts in solidifying opposition voices.” Ng's party was once considered radical among Hong Kong political parties. Its founding member and current lawmaker, “Long Hair” Leung Kwok-hung, is known for their Marxist views and is typically seen chainsmoking in t-shirts emblazoned with Che Guevara's face.
Now, according to Hong Kong political analyst Suzanne Pepper, Long Hair is just seen as a “moderate radical.”
Looking to 2047
Amid all the differences and in-fighting in the opposition camp, what is certain is that more and more Hong Kong people are thinking about the future beyond this election or the 2017 chief executive race. They are now focused on what happens 31 years in the future, when Beijing's promise that Hong Kong would be “unchanged for 50 years” after the handover from Britain expires.
The newer political forces are driving this discussion and thinking of ways to rethink the city's relationship with Beijing altogether, as decades of negotiations, attempts at compromise, and playing by the rules, have not worked.
“I started to feel that people need to care more about the implementation of ‘One Country, Two Systems',” after several Hong Kong booksellers who sold books critical of the Communist Party disappeared, said Cassadee Wong, 20, a student at the University of Hong Kong and first-time voter. “One country two systems” refers to part of Hong Kong's Basic Law, which guarantees different rights for the city than citizens on the mainland.
Even pro-Beijing politicians think the system is at risk. Jasper Tsang, a veteran pro-Beijing politician and former schoolteacher, warned in an interview with the South China Morning Post that ongoing interference by Beijing in Hong Kong affairs could undermine the model.
The “2047 problems” forms the crux of the manifesto of Demosistō, a party formed from members of Scholarism and the Hong Kong Federation of Students (HKFS), the two main student-led protest groups during Occupy. The party is fielding former HKFS head, 23 year-old Nathan Law, as its sole candidate in the elections. Demosistō is pushing for a referendum to determine the city's future. Unlike negotiations in the 1980s between the UK and China, Hong Kong people should have a say in their future this time, the party believes.
“I think the older generation needs to make way for the younger generation,” said Fu Hiu-yum, 67, now retired, as they cried after a recent Demosistō rally. They said they decided to vote for Law instead of the traditional pro-democracy parties after attending the rally. “There's no use in negotiating with the Chinese Communist Party anymore.”
Tom Tsui contributed reporting
It's a well known fact that most individual software developers detest software patents. Maybe detest isn't a strong enough word; how about loathe, dread, hate, despise, resent, and abhor? You get the picture. We dislike them almost as much as weekly status reports, deadlines, and conference calls.
So left on our own, most programmers won't write patents. This was the situation in Sun's early history, according to one of its most famous former employees, James "Father of Soul Java" Gosling. In an unusually candid blog post about the Oracle/Google patent lawsuit Sunday, they write:
Sun didn't file many patents initially. But then we got sued by IBM for violating the "RISC patent" - a patent that essentially said "if you make something simpler, it'll go faster". Seemed like a blindingly obvious notion that shouldn't have been patentable, but we got sued, and lost. The penalty was huge. Nearly put us out of business.
In response, Sun engineers were asked to write as many patents as they could:
We survived, but to help protect us from future suits we went on a patenting binge. Even though we had a basic distaste for patents, the game is what it is, and patents are essential in modern corporations, if only as a defensive measure.
What happens when you make a bunch of smart, talented people to do something they'd really rather not do? The natural reaction is to poke fun at the task, and turn it into a game. A joke:
There was even an unofficial competition to see who could get the goofiest patent through the system. My entry wasn't nearly the goofiest.
In my last article, I mentioned that a patent from Gosling was one of seven cited in Oracle's lawsuit. These patents are among those that Oracle acquired when they bought Sun earlier this year. James isn't saying where these entries rated on the "goofy patent" scale, if at all. But another former Sun employee, Charles Nutter, has written a more detailed analysis. When considering whether or not the suit has merit, they state:
The collection of patents specified by the suit seems pretty laughable to me.
Perhaps now we know why.
Unfortunately, the joke is on all of us. It's on our economy, as we let patents choke down innovation and increase fear, uncertainty, and doubt in an already uncertain time. It's on our bottom lines, as we make busy-work for our expensive lawyers with their sparkling eyes instead of investing for the future. And it's on our collective consciousness, as we force good and decent people to act against the better angels of their nature.
As always, my opinions are my own and don't necessarily reflect the opinion of my employer or this publication (see the disclosure notice below).
MOSCOW — A decision by Facebook to block a page used to rally Russian opponents of President Vladimir V. Putin has engulfed the world's largest social networking site in political controversy and raised accusations that it censors content on behalf of the authorities here.
Facebook over the weekend removed an event page promoting a Jan. 15 demonstration near the walls of the Kremlin in support of Aleksei A. Navalny, a leading opposition figure. The page had gathered more than 12,000 prospective attendees before it was blocked at the request of the Russian government's Internet monitor, Roskomnadzor.
Mr. Navalny, who ran unsuccessfully for mayor of Moscow in 2013, has been under house arrest since February. They face up to 10 years in prison if convicted in a pending criminal case — one of several prosecutions brought against him.
Vadim Ampelonsky, a spokesperson for Roskomnadzor, said on Saturday that Facebook had deleted the demonstration page because it called for an “unsanctioned mass event,” which can apply to any public event with three or more people.
MANY parents who picked up their children from Park View School on June 9th took home something else too: an official report excoriating the school. Ofsted, England's schools inspector, had downgraded the largely Muslim institution to “inadequate”, saying it had failed to protect children from extremism. But parents outside the gates were less alarmed at this than cross about the report and the disruption it was causing. “If they mess up their GCSEs, I'll hold David Cameron personally responsible,” said an angry father, pointing at their son.
A few months ago Birmingham City Council received a letter purporting to advise Muslim militants how to take over a state school. The letter might be a hoax, but it struck some as painfully accurate. Stories appeared of staff pushed out by hard-line governors (elected amateurs who appoint head teachers and set schools' strategic direction). As the row grew, the government ordered snap inspections of 21 schools. Some of their findings are damning. But British Muslims—many of whom are Pakistani—have damned the government.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Ofsted and the Education Funding Agency, which oversees quasi-independent state “academies” like Park View, found much that was objectionable. Inspectors turned up examples of schools refusing to teach about sex, teaching only Islam in religion classes while telling the few pupils studying Christianity to do their own research, and inviting an extremist preacher to address an assembly. Loudspeakers are said to have broadcast the call to prayer across Park View's playground. One of the schools banned raffles and tombolas at a fete on the ground that they are un-Islamic. None of the schools inspected is supposed to be a religious school.
A teacher who recently left one of the condemned schools confirms some of this. Anti-gay comments were excused on the basis that homosexuality is forbidden by Islam, they say. Some members of staff failed to call on girls in class: “If you weren't male and you weren't Muslim, you were unhappy at that school.”
The government, after some internal wrangling about who had overlooked extremism (see Bagehot), has responded forcefully. Academies found inadequate will lose their funding. Ofsted may be allowed to inspect schools without giving notice: at present it normally warns them a day or two in advance. From September all schools will be required to promote British values such as freedom, tolerance and the rule of law (at present they must merely respect them). Sir Michael Wilshaw, the head of Ofsted, has called for mandatory training for governors. More schools are hurriedly being inspected.
The trouble is that many Muslims, in Birmingham and beyond, trust neither the inspectors' reports nor the government. When last inspected, some of the schools in Birmingham were judged outstanding, which suggests to some that inspectors went back into them with an agenda. The Park View academy chain has staged a vigorous defence, in which non-Muslims are prominent. Conspiracy theories abound. “People can't take a school in Alum Rock with Asian kids doing better than grammar schools,” suggests a young man who left Park View two years ago.
The Muslim Council of Britain, an umbrella group for Islamic outfits, is only a little more delicate. Muslim schools have been tarred by allegations of extremism on scant evidence, it says. It adds that some of the criteria on which Birmingham's schools are judged to have failed, such as how well they prepare pupils for life in modern Britain, seem to be applied only to Muslim-dominated schools.
Ofsted is certainly muddling the distinction between religious conservatism and the kind of extremism that feeds violence. Inspectors criticise schools for failing to raise pupils' awareness of extremism and for engaging insufficiently with the “Prevent” programme, which is part of the government's counter-terrorism strategy. Such criticisms call forth the spectre of terrorism to condemn behaviour that is no such thing. That is both misplaced and strategically unwise. The more things the state describes as extremist, the more it risks angering many ordinary Muslims and turning them against it.
Sweden, which inspired Britain's free schools, separates the two issues more cleanly. School inspectors are not specifically tasked with rooting out violent extremism; the government has a separate process to deal with that. Some of the problems thrown up by religious conservatism, such as Muslim parents removing their daughters from gym classes, are dealt with by means of sex-equality rules. Still, even the much-lauded Swedes struggle at times. In 2011 inspectors found a Muslim free school that insisted on prayers and barred menstruating girls from joining in some activities.
And Britain faces a bigger problem than does Sweden. English cities like Birmingham contain numerous conservative Muslims, many of them Pakistani and more-or-less shaped by that country's growing fundamentalism. Nudging them towards the British mainstream will be both hard and perilous. The state has tried permitting a few formally Muslim state schools; it has apparently tried overlooking the takeover of supposedly normal schools. Now it is trying a different option: dramatically raising the noise level about Muslim extremism in education. Whether this works or not, it will echo for a long time.
Story highlights "Was Israel's response disproportionate? I think it was," Sanders said
"Of course we are going to support Israel, but you cannot ignore the needs of the Palestinian people," they added
Washington (CNN) Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders -- the first Jewish candidate to win a presidential nominating contest -- believes Israel's response in the 2014 Gaza war was "disproportionate."
"Was Israel's response disproportionate? I think it was," they told CNN's Jake Tapper in an interview that aired Sunday on "State of the Union."
"Israel has a 100% -- and no one will fight for that principle more strongly than I will -- has the right to live in freedom, independently and in security without having to be subjected to terrorist attacks," they said. "But I think that we will not succeed to ever bring peace into that region unless we also treat the Palestinians with dignity and respect, and that is my view."
The seven-week conflict in 2014 was an Israeli response to Hamas rocket fire into southern Israel. More than 2,130 Palestinians were killed in the conflict, and it's not clear how many were civilians. At the time of the ceasefire, the United Nations estimated that more than 70% were civilians, but Israel reported a higher number of militants among the dead.
Tapper asked Sanders about an interview they gave to the New York Daily News earlier this month in which the Vermont senator said their recollection was that more than 10,000 innocent people were killed in the conflict. Sanders told Tapper that they aren't sure what the death toll was, and when a Daily News editor clarified it to him, they accepted it.
Read More
The shadowy Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court has appointed its first “friend of the court” to add an outsider's perspective to the highly secretive process of approving surveillance requests from the government.
Preston Burton, a criminal defense attorney known for their work with accused spies, is the first of at least five amici curiae the court must appoint due to a provision in the USA Freedom Act, the surveillance-reform legislative package passed in June.
Groups like the Center for Democracy and Technology had pressed Congress to include language about amici, or independent experts, to provide the court with unbiased understanding of the complex technical and civil-liberty issues that come before it.
The role of the amici is fairly limited, however. They will only be brought in on “certain matters” that may present “a novel or significant interpretation of the law.” The FISA Court does not necessarily have to share classified information with the amici, and has the authority to determine whether or not information they present is “relevant.”
Burton is best known for representing famous clients, including Monica Lewinsky, the so-called D.C. Madam, and several former FBI, CIA, and DIA agents accused of being spies for foreign countries.
It's unclear why they were chosen to represent the public's interest in this way. In 2006, Washingtonian described them as “still the man to see if you're a spy.”
One factor could be that in espionage cases, defense attorneys are required to have security clearances — something that is also required of amici for the FISA Court.
By contrast, most civil liberties activists don't have security clearances, and wouldn't accept the non-disclosure prohibitions that go along with them.
Judge Michael Mosmon, the author of the order, wrote that Burton is “well qualified to assist in the Court in considering the issue specified herein.”
Reached by The Intercept, Burton said they don't comment on matters that are pending in court.
Some privacy advocates are wary.
“Without an institutional base and with all the secrecy obligations at FISA there is a very serious risk of ‘capture,'” wrote Jeramie Scott, national security counsel for the Electronic Privacy Information Center. “He will need to be extremely independent to safeguard all of the interests that role requires.”
Photo caption: Preston Burton in their office.
Here's a better picture of it up close.... I should mention, all these boxes were individually wrapped as well (aside from the first/biggest). Yhe moment I tore off the wrapping paper from this my jaw hit the floor. I still can't believe it, my secret santa got me my very own camera! It's one of the things I asked for specifically on my amazon wish list! I'm not good with cameras or taking photos by any means, but my first and last camera that I owned was from over 10 years ago. I've been using my roommates camera for everything I needed to take pictures of, including THESE pictures. I have to admit, I got a little teary eyed, I never expected such generosity. Thank you secret santa, whomever you are. It really means so much that you would do this for me, this is going to allow me to take better pictures more easily of my bead sprite creations and the conventions that I go to. It even takes decent videos! I'm floored!
I'm out at a friend's hotel catching up over drinks and eventually realize time has swiftly passed by. I decline all offers to be dropped home knowing that once I step out I will get a rickshaw. My hotel was just 2 kms away. At the least I could walk it. How bad could it be? It couldn't be. Except, it was 2 am, in an unknown city and not a soul in sight.
Cold crisp winter night, eery silence and a lonely girl. My toes are exposed. No shoes, just flip flops. I pull my jacket closer to me, cover my head with my stole, I suck in the cold air and decide to walk. Ignore everything and keep walking, hoping that a rickshaw will stop by.
I walk a few meters when I hear tires. I see high beam lights to my left, I know the car will stop beside me. I can hear it slowing down.I pretend not to notice and keep walking. Keep walking till I can't tell if I'm shivering from the cold or fear.
They stop beside me, roll down the window " Do you want us to drop you somewhere?" Two young men in blazers ask me. " No, I'm okay. Thanks" I reply 'please go away' I prayed.
" Look, it's really late and there's no one around who could help you. We will take you wherever it is you're going, no problem"
" Errm, if you really want to help, then help me find a rickshaw."
" Don't think you can get one at this hour. Listen. Come with us. We'll drop you safe and sound"
The severity of the situation looms over me. No rickshaw, need to go home. Either I take a risk by getting in their car or take a risk by walking. With a silent prayer in my heart, I get in their car.
" I'm Amit and this is Piyush. Where do you have to go? " they ask.
" Radisson. Oh and I'm Mehreen "
" Mehreen, don't mind us asking but why were you out all by yourself?"
" I was meeting a friend, thought I'd get an auto as easily as I did the last time. Didn't happen"
" Are you okay? Did anyone hurt you or harass you? Are you hungry or thirsty? Anything, let us know. Hope nothing bad happened to you while you were out. Be safe Mehreen."
Ironic, you could probably be the trouble you are warning me against.
They kept asking me questions of my well-being. I didn't know what to think of this, are they probing me out of concern or .....
We reach my hotel. I have never been so delighted to see hotel security guards, valet and bell boys in my life.
" Okay Mehreen, here you go. Take care and please be safe. Bye "
I nod my head vigorously, take the elevator, unlock my room and light a smoke to calm my nerves.
You're okay. You're fine. You were lucky as fuck.
I envelope myself in the comfort of my duvet.
*
I know what you are thinking. This girl needs one tight slap across their face or needs to be grounded. I took a risk. A chance I once claimed I'd never do, just like any other girl because I feared the implications. I agree, it wasn't the smartest move on my part. Here are two guys who genuinely helped me without any selfish intent. If anything they were constantly worried about my well being but I was so distraught that couldn't see this nor was I buying it.
After being harassed, cat-called, felt up, irrespective of day or night,it's really hard for a woman to trust unknown people.The time after sundown is such that it invokes all kinds of fear. I didn't believe there would ever be a situation where the kindness of strange men would prevail at such dark hours. You can't blame me for this and I know I'm not alone in thinking so.
It did make me ponder on a Vogue Empower short film called ' Going Home' starring Alia Bhatt that circulated on social media. ( Watch it here ). Just like every other girl, I too believed that this type of feminine utopia would be a dream. The ideal world. Till it actually happened to me.
I'm not saying that it's still safe out there, nor am I encouraging anyone to take a chance. The conflict I am left with is much greater. I trusted someone and they withheld it. I am so grateful that even now when I think of it I still wish good things for them because good work shouldn't go unrewarded.
However, it did make me realize that going home safely was not impossible but would I do it again? Despite the partial ' restoration in faith ', I still wouldn't.
خُدا حافِظ
23rd January, 2 am, a strange city.
Nearly 70 employees at the Princeton, New Jersey office of a Japanese pharmaceutical company are being tested for blood-borne diseases after a nurse who gave them flu shots in September used the same syringe for multiple vaccinations.
The New Jersey Department of Health (NJDOH) informed 67 employees at Otsuka Pharmaceutical that they may have been exposed to “infected blood,” after a September 30 on-site vaccination by a nurse contracted by healthcare provider TotalWellness.
Officials with TotalWellness told WCAU that the nurse “failed to follow proper medical procedures and safeguards.”
“The needles were changed between each patient but the syringe was reused multiple times,” the health department letter explained. “Syringe reuse may have exposed you to infected blood. At this time NJDOH is not aware of any disease transmission, but you may be at risk for developing an infection as a result of this improper practice.”
Employees tested for hepatitis, HIV after unsafe flu shot injection practices - http://t.co/dsZH8rfFeupic.twitter.com/Jn8SP9I8VF — News12NJ (@News12NJ) October 7, 2015
While the risk of infection was described as “low,” the NJDOH officials recommended the employees undergo testing for HIV and hepatitis B and C. NJDOH, TotalWellness and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) administered free blood tests to Otsuka employees on Monday and Tuesday. It may take weeks to get the test results, however. Officials also said the employees will need to be re-tested in four to six months.
In addition, the employees have been urged to take another flu shot, because the dose they received on September 30 was less than recommended.
“Receiving less than the recommended amount is not harmful, but you might not be fully protected against the flu,” the NJDOH officials wrote. “We are recommending that you get another flu shot this season to ensure that you are completely protected. There will be flu shots available to you at the testing and vaccination clinic in West Windsor, should you decide to get revaccinated.”
It remains unclear whether any disciplinary or legal measures have been taken against the nurse, who has not been named.
Headquartered in Tokyo, Japan, Otsuka Pharmaceutical is known for the schizophrenia and bipolar disorder drug Abilify, one of the highest-grossing medications worldwide before its patent expired in October 2014. Otsuka also makes the sports drink Pocari Sweat and the energy drink Oronamin C.
In this week's post we concluded with the following statement
“We are at a very critical juncture right now with the price at US$500. This major support is being heavily tested. We all want the price to stay flat or rise so a reversal here would be ideal. If the price stays below this level for a few days or we start seeing selling into the US$470's creating new lows, our next level of support is the US$440-450 zone. “The odds, however, do favor a bounce right here at these levels. The size of this bounce is hard to judge, but we are looking pretty oversold at the moment. Let's see if the weekend will come things down and we at least come back to the breakdown level of US$560 and re-evaluate the situation then.”
So let's briefly review what happened and what are the possible expectations going forward. Just to mention one more time, this series is not a trading guide, which is why we do not go beyond daily charts and consider the long-term view of the weekly charts as more relevant. We also attempt to deconstruct news to attempt to gage the long and immediate effects on Bitcoin's price.
The higher probability was the expectation of some recovery, which started out looking very good. We closed right at the highs of the previous candle and even made a new daily high vs. the previous day for the first time in a week. Unfortunately this bounce was short lived and only made it back to the top of the US$500-530 range that we have been focused on for about a month.
The selling resumed right after and followed the bearish possibility to the letter. Once new lows under US$480 were made, it accelerated quickly to US$442, which we referenced as the $440-450 zone of support. You will also notice that we have perfectly completed the downside target of the descending triangle. The height of the triangle was US$120 and that is exactly how much bitcoin lost in price the last 7 days at its lowest point.
Fundamentals (aka News)
The news that was mentioned last week about leveraged Trading may still be causing an issue. Today we saw another exchange break down and have a significantly lower price than the rest. The culprit this time was BTC-e, which is a European Bitcoin exchange famous for its creators remaining anonymous and just recently added leverage options to their platform.
While the other exchanges only saw a brief moment when price dipped into the low US$440's, BTC-e hit a low of US$309 and not for a brief second. Those that had cash in the account had enough time to get a computer and buy reasonable quantities under US$350. The price seems to be back in line now with the other exchanges but this is another example of how fragile these markets are.
These news events do not add confidence to those who are trying to understand Bitcoin or to businesses that are looking for stability in the medium of exchange. Having incidents at two exchanges might put some pressure on price in the near future.
Higher Overview
Here is the longer-term daily view where we are still referencing Fibonacci Retracements and a few Trend Lines.
Even though we have bounced from the US$442 mark, it is not enough to consider this a turn in the market. US$442 is now our most crucial point for 3 reasons. It has established a short term low, it was considered a point of support as seen on the chart as that was the price prior to the big may break out, and most importantly it represents a point below which we would consider Bitcoin to be once again in a long term downward move like the first half of the year.
Let us not forget about the most important angle, which is the Weekly chart. The trend line we drew last week connecting the bottoms of the candles has been broken and at the moment there is not much to look forward to in this chart. If US$442 is lost, the next point of support is in the US$340-360 range to create a double bottom with the current 2014 low.
Conclusion
The price is starting to bounce back right now and might be significantly different in a blink of an eye. For the moment we are lowering the bounce target to US$500, which has now become resistance vs. the support it was just a few days ago.
A new range has been established between US$440 and US$500. Allow some time for the markets to settle down and dictate the next move. The long term chart is still considered healthy as long as we remain above this US$440 mark, but in case it gives way, look for US$340-360 range as the next line of technical defense. Just like it was said a few days ago, unless faith in Bitcoin is being lost, nothing should go straight down so this oversold condition is due for a bounce even if just temporary, but we have lowered this expectation to US$500 before re-evaluating the situation.
Reference Point: Tuesday, Aug 19 1:30 am ET, Bitstamp Price - US$475
About the author
Tone Vays is a 10 year veteran of Wall Street working for the likes of JP Morgan Chase and Bear Sterns within their Asset Management divisions. Trading experience includes Equities, Options, Futures and more recently Crypto-Currencies.  They are a Bitcoin believer who frequently helps run the live exchange (Satoshi Square) at the NYC Bitcoin Center and more recently started speaking at Bitcoin Conferences world wide. They also run their own personal blog called LibertyLifeTrail.
Disclaimer: Articles regarding the potential movement in crypto-currency prices are not to be treated as trading advice. Neither Cointelegraph nor the Author assumes responsibility for any trade losses as the final decision on trade execution lies with the reader. Always remember that only those in possession of the private keys are in control of the money.
Did you enjoy this article? You may also be interested in reading these:
Help Cointelegraph tell the World Health Organization to accept bitcoin to fight Ebola! They have no reason not to take it!
Merck announced a $14.2 billion sale of its consumer health unit to focus on other growth areas, including a possible blockbuster cancer drug. (Emile Wamsteker/Bloomberg)
Merck says its $14.2 billion sale of its consumer health unit to Bayer will allow the company to focus investments elsewhere, specifically naming an experimental cancer-fighting drug as an example for future growth for the company.
The Merck deal follows on the sale of other cancer drugs, including Novartis's deal with GlaxoSmithKline, and Pfizer's ongoing pursuit of AstraZeneca, which has a notable stable of cancer drugs. The timing of Merck's sale, announced Tuesday, also comes as new research shows just how lucrative the area is.
In the last decade, the average cost of a brand-name cancer drug jumped from about $5,000 per month to $10,000 per month in 2013, according to a new IMS Institute for Healthcare Informatics study out this morning. Oncology, by far, remains the largest area of focus in drug research and development, IMS said.
Patients are very likely to feel the squeeze from higher drug costs. Looking at the experience of adjuvant hormonal therapy for breast cancer patients, IMS research shows that patients are more likely to drop treatment as their personal costs increased.
(IMS Institute for Healthcare Informatics)
IMS reports that the global market for cancer drugs reached $91 billion in 2013, while the compound annual growth rate has actually slowed to 5.4 percent during the past five years, compared to 14.2 percent between 2003 and 2008. It partially attributes the slower growth to fewer breakthrough therapies for very large patient populations and expiring patents, among some other reasons.
The study also attributes the rise in spending on cancer medications toward the increasing shift away from small practices toward hospital outpatient facilities. With higher overhead, the outpatient facilities get higher reimbursements for delivering the same drug.
The American Society of Clinical Oncology in the past few weeks has taken a couple of major steps to address the rising cost of cancer drugs. It outlined a plan last month to rate drugs' cost-effectiveness, and the group said it will urge oncologists to speak with patients about weighing the benefits of a drug against its cost. And on Monday, ASCO proposed a bundled payment reform that would reimburse cancer doctors with a set payment for a certain set of services. The idea is to reward doctors for quality of services, not the volume.
Volunteers wait at the scene of heavy flooding and mudslides in Regent, just outside of Sierra Leone's capital Freetown, Tuesday, Aug. 15 , 2017. Survivors of deadly mudslides in Sierra Leone's capital are vividly describing the disaster as President Ernest Bai Koroma says the nation is in a "state of grief." (AP Photo/ Kabba Kargbo)
FREETOWN, Sierra Leone (AP) — Fatmata Kamara had just stepped outside their house before dawn Monday when they saw the muddy hillside collapsing above them The only thing they could do was run.
They were one of the survivors, those who managed to escape the surging mudslides and floodwaters in and around Sierra Leone's capital that killed more than 300 people, many of them trapped as they slept. Another 600 people are missing, the Red Cross said Tuesday, and the death toll is expected to rise.
Thousands lost their homes in the disaster, which was triggered by heavy rains.
“I ran away from the house, leaving behind my family,” a grieving Kamara told The Associated Press. “I am the only one that has survived, as my house and dozens of others were covered with mud and boulders.”
Rescuers dug with their bare hands through the thick, reddish mud to try to find any survivors in the debris of the homes. Heavy equipment was later brought in, said government spokesperson Cornelius Deveaux. The military also was deployed to help.
Late Tuesday, Deveaux said that 297 bodies have been recovered so far, including 109 males, 83 females and 105 children.
Some bodies were swept into the sea off the coast of the West African nation and have begun washing back ashore.
The mortuary of the Connaught Hospital in central Freetown was overwhelmed with the dead. More than 300 bodies of men, women and children were brought there, and many were laid out on the floor. Deveaux said an exact death toll was unknown, and many of the bodies were horribly mangled.
President Ernest Bai Koroma said Sierra Leone was in a state of grief and mourning, with many survivors still in shock. They called for seven days of mourning starting on Wednesday.
Radio journalist Gibril Sesay said they lost their entire family.
“I am yet to grasp that I survived, and my family is gone,” they said through sobs, unable to continue.
Ahmed Sesay, caretaker of a two-story house near the Guma Valley Dam east of the capital, said they were sleeping around 6 a.m. when they felt a vibration.
“It was like an earthquake. I ran out of my quarters to the gate of the compound,” they said. “The ground shook and I had to stay outside the compound until daybreak.”
An estimated 9,000 people have been affected in some way by the disaster, said Abdul Nasir, program coordinator for the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies.
“I have never seen anything like it,” they said. “A river of mud came out of nowhere and swallowed entire communities, just wiped them away. We are racing against time, more flooding and the risk of disease to help these affected communities survive and cope with their loss.”
Charles Mambu, a civil society activist and resident of one affected area, Mount Sugar Loaf, said the magnitude of the destruction indicated that hundreds more people could be dead.
In one sign of hope, two people were pulled alive from the debris Monday evening, Mambu said.
The U.N. said it is providing emergency response assistance.
Contingency plans are being put in place to try to stem the outbreak of diseases such as cholera, Deveaux told radio station FM 98.1.
The bodies that have been recovered will begin to be buried in the next 48 hours, said Sulaiman Parker, environmental protection officer for the Freetown City Council.
Many of the poor areas of Freetown are near sea level and have poor drainage systems, which makes flooding worse during the rainy season. The capital also is plagued by unregulated construction of large residential houses in hilltop areas.
Thousands of makeshift settlements in and around the city were severely affected.
“The government has been warning people not to construct houses in these areas. When they do this, there are risks,” Nasir said. “People don't follow the standard construction rules, and that is another reason that many of these houses have been affected.”
Deforestation for firewood and charcoal is one of the leading contributors to the flooding and mudslides.
___
Associated Press writer Carley Petesch in Dakar, Senegal, contributed.
A few months ago, a hurt Ben Bernanke put on their blogger hat and set out to explain why, in their mind, the unconventional policies undertaken by the Fed in the post-crisis years have not contributed to record income inequality. As we noted at the time, epic hilarity ensued.
Bernanke's explanation went something like this: while QE does indeed inflate asset prices, poor people have been getting poorer for quite some time, so sure, maybe the Fed contributed a little bit, but probably not a whole lot and besides, the more Keynes the better when it comes to smoothing out the business cycle and a smooth business cycle is good for everyone. Finally, Bernanke patiently explained that to the extent ZIRP punishes savers it's nonsensical to mention it in any discussion about income inequality because after all, poor people don't have savings.
That description is probably not as generous as it could be, but if you read Bernanke's post it's pretty close.
First of all, the whole "smoothing out of the busines cycle" bit is pure fiction. If anything, attempts to centrally plan the economy are leading to greater and greater boom and bust cycles. Furthermore, denying that QE has exacerbated income inequality is to assert that somehow, inflating the value of a certain set of assets doesn't by definition widen the gap between the accumulated wealth of the people holding those assets and the people who don't hold those assets. The St. Louis Fed seems to understand this (incidentally, they also understand that there's no evidence whatsoever to support the notion that QE increases “healthy” inflation and/or has a demonstrable impact on output) even if Bernanke does not.
If you needed proof of the widening gap between the rich and everyone else (and the attendant rise of class segregation) beyond that presented by the St. Louis Fed study linked above and by the anecdotal evidence that's readily observable by looking at the prices paid this year for high-end art and mega mansions, look no further than Wall Street, where, thanks to the Fed's generosity, Lloyd Blankfein is now a billionaire.
Speaking of Goldman Sachs and income inequality, back in April, Hank Paulson and Robert Rubin sat down with Sheryl Sandberg and Tim Geithner at an event hosted by Michael Milken (no less), to discuss a variety of topics. Around a half hour into the discussion, Sandberg asks Paulson about income inequality. Here's what happens next:
Sandberg: “Yeah, so let's follow up on a bunch of the things we were [talking about]. Let's start with income inequality.”
Paulson: “Ok, well.. income inequality. I think this is something we've all thought about. You know I was working on that topic when I was still at Goldman Sachs..”
Rubin: “In which direction? You were working on increasing it.”
Paulson then bursts out laughing: "Yeah! We were making it wider!"
Here's the clip:
Needless to say, in the post-crisis world where the ultra rich fork over $180 million for paintings while everyday Americans struggle even to afford rent in a one-bedroom apartment, this subject is far from funny.
In fact, it's downright depressing and we mean that in the most literal sense possible because as it turns out, a new study released on Friday by the UK's Office of National Statistics has proven yet again (see our previous discussion on this) that money does indeed buy happiness.
From the report:
An individual's level of personal well-being is strongly related to the level of wealth of the household in which they live. Life satisfaction, sense of worth and happiness are higher, and anxiety less, as the level of household wealth increases.
So laugh it up Hank, Bob, and Sheryl. Just remember that history is replete with examples of the types of things that can happen if and when the downtrodden masses finally become fed up with egregious and endemic inequality.
Of course it could be that Paulson is hoping their refuge at Little St. Simons Island (which they bought several years ago), will provide enough of a buffer from the angry peasantry to allow them to keep laughing...
* * *
Money Buys Happiness
There's a lot of bad blood going around Reddit this week — but apparently it hasn't kept Ellen Pao off the site.
As a joke, the former CEO was invited to be an honorary moderator of the /r/casualconversations subreddit — and yesterday, to the mods' surprise and delight, they accepted. "I've lurked here in the past," Pao wrote. "First time commenting. Still haven't posted." From there, the conversation turned to potato chips (Pao prefers Fritos), client apps (she uses Alien Blue for mobile redditing), and animal GIFs. "Someone sent me an awesome baby hedgehog gif yesterday, so that's on my mind today," Pao wrote in the thread. "The past few days have been a little less casual than I'd like. Right now, I'm just relaxing."
As CEO, Pao's experiences commenting on Reddit were often met with mass downvoting campaigns and outpourings of abuse, but their turn through /r/casualconversations was surprisingly casual, inspiring newfound affection for the ousted leader. "I just want to say that I am sorry for jumping on the hate train and upvoting all those hurtful posts," wrote a user named awesterdam. "Seeing you make these small talks made me realise you are human and have feelings too. I wish you well in your future endeavours." The sentiment isn't limited to comments: as of press time, the top thread in /r/casualconversations is a post demanding Reddit apologize to Pao. Pao seemed to be forgiving towards the community as well. "So many people sent positive messages or apologized sincerely that it made up for all the negative stuff," they wrote.
0 16-year-olds charged in shooting death of Jeannette teen took selfie with body
JEANNETTE, Pa. - A selfie photograph led police to charge a teenager in connection with the Wednesday shooting death of another teen in Jeannette, according to authorities.
Westmoreland County District Attorney John Peck confirmed late Friday night that Maxwell Morton, 16, was charged as an adult in the shooting death of Ryan Mangan.
The alleged selfie obtained by police showed Morton posing in front of Mangan's body. A woman contacted police Thursday after their son received the Snapchat photo from Morton, police said.
Morton is charged with criminal homicide and murder in the first degree, in addition to one count of possession of a firearm by a minor, according to court documents. They were denied bail Friday night.
Authorities said Mangan, 16, was found shot to death inside their mother's Rankin Avenue home around 10 p.m. Wednesday.
Sources told Channel 11's Joe Holden that Mangan, a junior at Jeannette High School, was shot once in the head.
The selfie “depicted the victim sitting in the chair with a gunshot wound to the face,” according to a police affidavit. “It also depicts a black male taking the selfie with their face facing the camera and the victim behind the actor. The photo had the name ‘Maxwell' across the top.”
The black male was identified by police as Morton and a search warrant was served Friday, the affidavit stated. During the search a 9 mm handgun was recovered and Morton confessed that they used it to shoot Mangan
The affidavit further stated that the son of the woman who contacted police about the selfie received messages from Morton. The messages stated, "Told you I cleaned up the shells" and "Ryan was not the last one."
Family and friends filled Sacred Heart Church in Jeannette Monday for Mangan's funeral.
Brianna Kelly, Mangan's girlfriend, called them a “funny and loving” person.
“He had a big heart,” they said.
According to those who knew Mangan and Morton, the two were friends.
"Why would you want to do something like that, and why would you then brag about it?” said Jocelyn Elias, a friend of Mangan's. “For them to be killed the way they were killed, there's no reason for that. It's hard, very hard for all of us to wrap our heads around.”
A GoFundMe account has been established to help Mangan's family with funeral expenses. Anyone wishing to make donations can click HERE.
Posted on by
It's happened to all of us guitar players, we want to solo over something and we don't really know where to start. Where should we start? What key are we in? What scale should we use? It's all a lot of information and there are many ways to navigate this problem but I have one simple way to deal with it; chords. Yes, what chords you're playing over tells you exactly what to play.
So many think of chords as a “rhythm guitar” thing, and not as much as a “lead guitar” thing. I personally don't see the distinction. So… where do we start our solo? At a note in the chord we're playing over. What scale do I use? The one that has all the notes of all the chords we're playing over. Where should I end my solo? On a note of a chord that we're playing over at that time.
So sounds simple enough, yet it's a lot trickier than it sounds. Let's start with a very simple chord progression:
Am – D
That's it. If I were to start a solo, I'd probably start with our A Minor Pentatonic Shape a la:
Why the A Minor Pentatonic? Our first chord is telling us very important information… 1st the root note is an A (so our root note of our scale is going to be A) then the type of chord (major or minor). Why Pentatonic? Because we're guitars players and pentatonics are our go-to thing!
So we start noodling around this all too familiar shape (Not so familiar with the shape? Check this out!), although something is still missing. What I want to do is start focusing on what notes are in the chord that we aren't playing in the scale. Lets take a look at our chord shapes over the scale.
If we play Am as 6th string minor barre chord on the 6th string (just like where we start our minor pentatonic scale; 5th fret) we see all of our notes in our Am are in the pentatonic scale. Anything extra we need to think about? No! Okay… how about that that D? What if we play that as 5th string major barre chord (5th fret)?
See a note that isn't in the pentatonic scale but in the chord? I do! 2nd string 7th fret. So when we play over the D, let's play our pentatonic scale but just add that F# note (2nd string, 7th fret) over that D chord. You should definitely start hearing a noticeable difference in your soloing when you just focus and add that one note in, especially over the D chord.
Now, that's just one position, using one chord progression. The concept is use the chords you know to visualize what notes are in chords that aren't in the pentatonic shapes you're familiar with using. Go ahead and give it a try over this backing track:
What's especially great is that when we move to different keys, the same idea will apply only the frets we're dealing with will change. A cool thing that's available for us guitar players.
Key: Cm | Chord Progression: Cm – F
6th String Minor Barre Chord Fret: 8th
5th String Major Barre Chord Fret: 8th
Minor Pentatonic Root Note Fret: 8th
Note that's in the F Chord that's not in the Minor Pentatonic: 10th fret on the 2nd string
Key: Gm | Chord Progression: Gm – C
6th String Minor Barre Chord Fret: 3rd
5th String Major Barre Chord Fret: 3rd
Minor Pentatonic Root Note Fret: 3rd
Note that's in the F Chord that's not in the Minor Pentatonic: 5th fret on the 2nd string
So visually it should be the same only moved up 3 frets for Cm – F and down 2 frets for Gm – C, etc.
When we move to different shapes of our scale, we can use a similar process to find it. Play a D chord you know (maybe a CAGED Chord Shape?) over any of the Minor Pentatonic Shapes.
So this is a quick way to start seeing how we use the information the chords give us to make our solos better. This is one example over a simple progression, but the concept works regardless of the progression, key or any other variables.
*I should also make a note that what we're doing is figuring out when we use modes. I typically don't like the “M” word, as I think a lot of information out there on the internet muddles up how you can actual use modes and what their purposes are. So this “scale” or “mode” we're playing is called “Dorian“. Doesn't matter what you call it, the basic idea is that the scale incorporates the notes of each chord in the chord progression.
Comes pre-installed with df, dfhack and twbt.
Another huge update coming up.This one includes several new features and a vast improvement in overall noise reduction. Everything looks much cleaner, rocks and ore veins blend together, items have transparency, trees are finally interesting and more...100+ Fruits, Nuts, Seeds and FlowersSounds simple, but it visually a massive change. It also allows them to use several extra colors. For example wooden handles of iron swords will always show as brown, the blade as grey, and the background taken from the tile below it. This is true for terrain features as well, for example spider-webs; and buildings, for example cages.Transparency. Over 160 items are now shown with a transparent background.The same transparency can be used on inorganics. So I standardized the rock sprite, but made the unique features see-through. Now tiny veins of ore can be seen through the cracks in the rock, gem-stones appear without changing the rock color, etc.Neutral ores, gems and rocks that seamlessly blend into each other.I decided to change the color on the leaves for nearly each tree, making them either brighter/darker or less/more saturated than their neighbours. It gives a nice effect in forests and stops the different trees from all looking exactly the same.All trees have slightly offset colors and show their pollen, seeds, flowers and fruits.This, in combination with season-palette, allows for a colorful change over the ingame year.Twbt allows using more than just the 16 colors that DF offers, which means that bright-red rubies, fire opals, tourmalines, pyrope and zircons can be 5 different shades of bright-red.I got the idea from Dragonmaster, who recently released a fantastic 16x tileset here . I've added their rendition of metal colors in this update, as a test-run.More ingame colors than just the 16 standard DF colors.I made the grass more uniform, with only minor changes between grass types. Ramps are simplified. Rocks and pebbles blend into the grass background, and all plants have been made a bit darker and 1/3 smaller. Tuber, roots and trunks blend into the grass, as if they were buried a bit.Friendly surface without distractions.Hope you like the update.Please post screenshots and let me know if any issues arise. Next I'll work on more sprites for creature and corpses. I'm sure they can be improved quite a bit, especially for domestic war/hunt versions, which you see a lot more than any other animal ingame.Cheers,Meph
Share 0 SHARES
AN autopsy carried out on local man Gerry Hegarty has found the cause of death to be a large yes campaign lodged down their throat, starving them of oxygen and resulting in their eventual death.
Pathologist Eamon Lean, who carried out the post mortem examination, said that Mr Hegarty's airway's were completely blocked by the yes campaign and warned that their death may be the first of many if a balance is not met.
The 37-year-old was found unconscious on Grafton Street on Tuesday evening and an ambulance was called to the scene by a passing pedestrian. The son of parents was pronounced dead at St. Vincent's hospital a short time later.
Hegarty was understood to have engaged with several marriage equality campaigners on Grafton Street before being found, and a full investigation is being carried out into the matter.
“It probably got too much for them to digest,” Dr. Lean told WWN. “This is a worrying trend. Our hospital has had hundreds of admissions in the last month were patients have complained of the yes campaign being rammed down their throats. This over-saturation could backfire and have a knock-on-effect to peoples' health.”
Meanwhile the ‘No' side has welcomed Mr Hegarty's death, stating it will give them some more ammunition in the battle against homosexuals wanting to marry each other.
“This couldn't have come at a better time,” said Breda O'Brien patron saint of the Iona Institute. “I'll admit we were struggling there for a bit. Hopefully a few more will die and prove us right.”
Terry McAuliffe, the Democratic candidate for governor of Virginia, once blamed their father's death on President George W. Bush's election in 2000.
In a May 2001 interview with C-SPAN, titled the "Life and Career of Terry McAuliffe," the former Democratic National Committee chairperson says one of the "reasons" their father, Jack, died was "he could not go into a new year knowing that a Republican was actually moving into the White House."
While their father was in the hospital, McAuliffe's mother "went and came back in five minutes later, and they had passed away. And I told the story, you know, I gave at the eulogy at their funeral, and there are many reasons why people thought Jack had died," McAuliffe told C-SPAN. "He was 83 years old. And I said the main reason is that they could not go into a new year knowing that a Republican was actually moving into the White House. I just don't think they could've handled that."
"He had eight great years," McAullife continued. "President Clinton and First Lady Hillary Rodham Clinton were so nice to my mother and father, they'd come down all the time. So they had a great eight years when President Clinton and Vice President Gore were in office, and they just aren't going into a new year with a Democrat not being in the White House Steve, they just couldn't handle it."
Their father passed away shortly before President Bill Clinton left office in early 2001.
McAuliffe leads Republican Ken Cuccinelli by five points, according to recent polling. Their second television advertisement, released Thursday morning, condemns the "divisive, ideological agenda" of theirs opponents.
Whether you believe Hillary Clinton will coast to the Democratic nomination, or that she's the same old flawed candidate who lost to Barack Obama in 2008, it is looking increasingly likely they will have to fend off some primary challengers along the way. Even many liberals who want them to prevail think there might be some salutary effects to a primary fight.
Perhaps because Hillary is seen as a shoo-in, much more attention has been paid to the potential 2016 Republican roster than to the likely Democratic field. While it seems likely Hillary will run, there are no guarantees. So it is, perhaps, appropriate to discuss the paucity of options on the left.
The most buzzed-about possible candidate is the Massachusetts senator, Elizabeth Warren. They have much to recommend her, including their status as the darling of the populist Left – a stark contrast to Hillary, who is seen as being too cosy to corporate interests.
But for all the buzz about Warren, they are unlikely to run. As they told the Boston Globe: "I am not running for president. Do you want to put an exclamation point at the end of that?"
Should they change their mind, Warren would have to overcome at least one weird biographical challenge: their purported Native American heritage is, at best, dubious. That's right, they seem to have erroneously claimed to have American Indian lineage.
Now, when they ran for the Senate, Warren was able to shrug off allegations that they played identity politics by padding their politically correct resume. But it's easier to get an unapologetic liberal elected in Massachusetts; the rest of the country might not be so forgiving.
But the most talked about possible candidate over the past week has been former Virginia Sen. Jim Webb, who has expressed some interest in running (and unlike Warren has proved they can win statewide in a crucial swing state).
Jim Webb
Webb is an unusual Democrat: not only a former combat Marine but also former secretary of the Navy under Republican Ronald Reagan. But though that sounds promising, Webb also has unusual baggage.
In a novel Lost Soldiers, they describe a graphic scene of incest and paedophilia between a returning soldier and their son that is too explicit to quote from here; in another they describe a woman performing sexual acts on a banana.
When Webb ran for the Senate, this was brought up to no avail. But running for president is an altogether different animal. One wonders how American voters would feel about these fictional depictions. And there's more. Critics point out that they have written fondly of their own Confederate roots and defended the Southern states' decision to secede from the Union, which led to the American Civil War.
In 2004 they said that John Kerry deserved to be condemned for their youthful opposition to the Vietnam War – a position shared by millions of Americans of that generation – and they have also argued that women cannot fight so are unsuited to combat roles in the US military.
Aside from Warren and Webb, other candidates expressing interest include Brian Schweitzer, a former governor of Montana, who recently told a reporter that a Republican politician sets off their "gaydar". (He went on to add that some southern men just "have effeminate mannerisms", and though they insisted they were "fine with gay people," they also noted that their "gaydar is 60 to 70 per cent" accurate.) Enough said.
Bernie Sanders, an Independent from Vermont who aligns with Democrats, says they might run for president, too. He's a self-described socialist, and while this might not mean much in other nations, it's hard to imagine anyone being elected US president while admitting to such a thing.
Other names that have been mentioned include the governor of New York, Andrew Cuomo (who couldn't even secure the endorsement of the New York Times for their re-election because "he broke their most important promise" to tackle corruption.)
It's worth noting that candidates have overcome such things in recent elections. Hillary's husband, Bill Clinton, overcame numerous scandals and "bimbo eruptions". George W Bush had the revelation that they had once been arrested for driving under the influence of alcohol to contend with. And Barack Obama had to overcome all sorts of challenges, including their affiliation with controversial black pastor Rev. Jeremiah Wright.
So what happens if Hillary doesn't run – or if they run and loses? Here's one way to look at the race: it includes a dubiously purported Native American, a former governor said to have very good "gaydar," a self-described "socialist" and a peddler of dirty books. (And they say the Republican field is a ridiculous clown car!)
To be fair, none of these people have yet officially declared for president. And, besides, large primary fields always include some interesting characters. But if this motley crew sounds more likes The Village People than a team of rivals (speaking of the Village People, they've already got a Cowboy and an Indian, maybe a construction worker will run, too?), maybe that's not such a bad thing. As Hillary once famously declared: "It takes a village."
Matt K Lewis is a senior contributor at The Daily Caller website in Washington, DC
The data is in, and it shows Australia now overwhelmingly thinks Prime Minister Tony Abbott is a man whose word cannot be trusted. Depending on which poll you look at, and the exact nature of the questions asked of respondents, somewhere between two-thirds and three-quarters of voters think the first budget of the Abbott government was nasty, unfair and littered with broken promises. They consider the man themselves to be a liar.
But Abbott didn't lie about everything, and there are some people who can trust them to keep their promises. They are their people, the ones who moulded them and their party, who shape its policies, who helped them to power.
We are talking about the members and generous benefactors of the Institute of Public Affairs, Australia's – and, it claims, the world's – the oldest right-wing think tank.
So old is the IPA that when their father helped establish it, Rupert Murdoch was but a callow youth of 12. Gina Rinehart, another of its most prominent members, was not then even a gleam in the eye of Lang Hancock. But age has not wearied it. The IPA has never been more powerful than it is right now.
Before they won the prime ministership, in April last year, at a dinner celebrating the IPA's 70th anniversary, Abbott took the opportunity to commit to a whole raft of big promises, with Rinehart, Murdoch and Cardinal George Pell as theirs witnesses.
They noted the IPA had given them “a great deal of advice” on the policy front, and, offering “a big ‘yes'”, promised them they would act on it.
“I want to assure you,” they said, “that the Coalition will indeed repeal the carbon tax, abolish the department of climate change, abolish the Clean Energy Fund. We will repeal Section 18C of the Racial Discrimination Act, at least in its current form. We will abolish new health and environmental bureaucracies. We will deliver $1 billion in red-tape savings every year. We will develop northern Australia. We will repeal the mining tax. We will create a one-stop shop for environmental approvals. We will privatise Medibank Private. We will trim the public service and we will stop throwing good money after bad on the NBN.”
Abbott has been good to their word. It may well be that not all of these measures will get through the parliament, but there is no doubting Abbott and their government are absolutely serious in their intent.
In fact, one might argue that Abbott under-promised at that dinner and has over-delivered since. Other major items on the IPA's published wish list included stopping subsidies for the car industry (done), eliminating Family Tax Benefits (part-done), the cessation of funding for the ABC's Australia Network (done), abandonment of poker machine reforms (done), the introduction of fee competition for Australian universities (done), and negotiating free trade deals with Japan, South Korea, China and India (more than half done).
There are a bunch of others, too, where the government has made significant moves. It might not have abolished the Human Rights Commission, but it has cut $1.65 million from its budget, refused to renew the position of its disability commissioner and appointed – absent the usual due process – one of the IPA's own, Tim Wilson, as one of the remaining six commissioners. Attorney-General George Brandis has flagged an intention to “further reform” the HRC.
As the Melbourne Age's economics editor, Peter Martin, noted in a piece of post-budget analysis: “Big food, big tobacco and big alcohol have been thrown the carcass of the Australian National Preventive Health Agency.”
The abolition of that agency was also on the IPA's policy wish list, as was the demand to put the kybosh on food and alcohol labelling, and end “all government-funded Nanny State advertising” against unhealthy habits such as smoking, drinking and junk food consumption.
And so in February we saw the health department ordered to take down its new healthy food ratings website.
Alastair Furnival, chief of staff to Assistant Health Minister Fiona Nash, eventually fell on their sword over that one, although not for the act itself, but because of the subsequent revelation that they had not declared their connection to a lobbying company that worked for junk-food makers.
The IPA, via its “FreedomWatch” site, cited one of the many right-wing commentators of the Murdoch press, Nick Cater, in defence of Furnival on the basis that: “It was clear that Furnival was acting on the minister's orders, while the bureaucrats were not.”
The bigger question is: on whose behalf was Nash acting? Clearly not on behalf of those bureaucrats derided in FreedomWatch's apologia as the “Nanny State activists that dominate Australia's health department”.
There are numerous other policy suggestions on the IPA's wish list – or more properly lists, plural, as the original 75 item list was later supplemented by another 25 items – on which the government is still working, and on which the IPA can expect at least partial success. The institute wants all media ownership laws eliminated, for example, along with the relevant regulator, the Australian Communications and Media Authority, and requirements put in place that radio and TV broadcasts be “balanced”.
Communications Minister Malcolm Turnbull is duly considering changes to Australia's regime of cross-media ownership. The likely outcome: more concentration in Australia's media, already the most concentrated and least diverse in the developed world. More influence for the IPA and Rupert Murdoch.
We could go on with examples of the extraordinary influence of the institute, but perhaps more interesting is who these people are.
IPA's corporate supporters
The IPA and the Liberal Party share DNA. The institute came first, formed in 1943 by a group of Melbourne business people concerned by the decline of the Liberals' predecessor, the United Australia Party, and by the increased role of government during World War II. It was in turn one of the groups that helped found the Liberal Party. Initially, it served as a vehicle for fundraising as much as for policy formulation.
Its core concerns were those of big business: it was for smaller government and less regulation, and against labour unions and the Labor Party. In the 1980s and early '90s, particularly under the leadership of John Hyde, the prototypical Liberal “dry”, it adopted more rationalist economics, and pushed privatisation, deregulation and internationalisation of the economy.
“I was told that a number of big corporates, like the ANZ, cancelled their funding, because they found it just too nasty.”
More recently still, the IPA has moved increasingly into other issues not directly related to business or economics. It became a major combatant in the so-called “culture wars”, in some ways to its cost.
Notably, the institute was a strident supporter of those who would deny the ugly reality of Australia's treatment of Aboriginals. It fostered the likes of revisionist historian Keith Windschuttle.
Melbourne city councillor and former Liberal staffer Stephen Mayne, themselves an economic dry, was once close to the IPA inner circle. They say they lost them over their social policies, particularly their denialist positions on Aboriginal issues, climate change and their “cosying up to the hateful Bolt”.
Mayne is not alone. “They lost a lot of funding when they ran a lot of that Aboriginal denialist stuff,” they say. “I was told that a number of big corporates, like the ANZ, cancelled their funding, because they found it just too nasty.”
The current IPA executive director, John Roskam, will not talk about the institute's donors, and certainly not ex-donors. Back in 2003, though, Roskam's predecessor Mike Nahan was more forthcoming, revealing the names of some big corporate donors: Caltex, Esso, Philip Morris and British American Tobacco. They admitted the institute had “lost” Rio Tinto because the company wanted to maintain good relations with the Aboriginal community.
Roskam won't confirm any of this, or that Shell went the same way. They do acknowledge, though, that corporate donations have sharply declined over the past decade or so, from more than two-thirds of the institute's income to well under one-third. They concede, too, that “culture war” issues might have had something to do with it, and that the IPA was “perhaps unduly negative”.
Instead of speaking against Aboriginal land rights, they say, the institute might better have framed its argument as support for “real private property rights for Aboriginal communities”.
The implication is that the problem was not with the institute's position, but with the way it sold its message.
Getting their message out
And that brings us to one characteristic that has come, over the past decade or so, to most distinguish the IPA from other conservative think tanks in Australia.
It is not its ideology, which is basically cookie-cutter rationalist/libertarian right, which closely reflects that of similar think tanks elsewhere, particularly those associated with the Tea Party right of the US Republicans. No, the IPA's distinguishing characteristic is the way it does propaganda.
In the year to June 2013, according to the IPA's annual report, it clocked up 878 mentions in print and online. Its staff had 164 articles published in national media. They managed 540 radio appearances and mentions, and 210 appearances and mentions on TV. No prizes for guessing in which publications most of the print media references were to be found. Did we mention Rupert Murdoch was a long-time IPA director?
The surprise is that the national public broadcaster, the ABC, which the IPA would break up and sell off, features heavily. One count, by the left-leaning Independent Australia, clocked 39 appearances by IPA staff in the year 2011-12 on just one ABC TV program, The Drum. That's almost as many Drum appearances as the combined total of all other think tanks, left, right and centre.
Roskam attributes this media success to the fact that the IPA takes firm positions on subjects that “other people haven't been able or prepared to talk about”.
“In the US you'll have the Tea Party saying it, Cato Institute saying it, Heritage Foundation, American Enterprise Institute saying it,” they say. “You have a plethora of Republican and right-of-centre voices saying it. In Australia, if you don't have the IPA saying it, you don't really have anyone saying it.”
And indeed that's true. Ask yourself: where was the public concern about the provisions of the Racial Discrimination Act before Murdoch columnist Andrew Bolt, the IPA's “good friend”, as Roskam calls him, fell foul of it?
There was none. But in defence of Bolt's incredibly sloppy, error-ridden journalism, the IPA took up this case.
On October 5, 2011, the IPA ran a full-page advertisement in The Australian supporting Bolt, paid for and signed by more than 1200 people. The signatory names give a clue as to why an organisation with a staff fewer than 30 and a membership of only a few thousand wields such influence.
It was like a who's who of the Liberal Party right wing: current federal politicians including Mathias Cormann, Jamie Briggs, Michaelia Cash, Mitch Fifield and Andrew Robb, to name a few, and literally dozens of other ex-pollies, staffers, advisers and influential fellow travellers.
The repeal of section 18C of the RDA became number four on the IPA's policy wish list, and before you knew it, Attorney-General George Brandis had personally drafted changes to protect, as they memorably put it, the right to be a bigot. Alas, the public debate has run overwhelmingly against them. Roskam fears “we'll lose that one”.
Front organisations
The other way the IPA gets its message out is through front organisations, such as the Australian Environment Foundation. It was publicly launched on World Environment Day, June 5, 2005, as a “membership-based environmental organisation having no political affiliation”. One which would take an “evidence-based”, “practical” approach to green issues.
In fact, two of its directors were IPA staff, including executive director Mike Nahan, now the treasurer in Western Australia's Liberal government. For its first two years, the AEF shared the IPA's postal address.
It was actually an anti-environment group. It opposed new marine parks and plans to increase environmental water flows in the Murray-Darling Basin, and supported Tasmanian woodchipping, genetically modified foods. Above all, it promoted the work of climate change deniers.
Currently the AEF is engaged in lobbying the World Heritage Committee in support of the Abbott government's plan to de-list parts of the Tasmanian forests.
These days, the IPA denies any formal ongoing relationship, but IPA members regularly speak at AEF events and the AEF's head, Max Rheese, remains an IPA stalwart.
There are other examples, such as the Owner Drivers' Association, which purports to represent the interests of independent contractors in the transport industry. In reality, says Tony Sheldon, National Secretary of the Transport Workers Union, the ODA has consistently campaigned against laws improving working conditions and safety for drivers.
A driving force behind the ODA was Bob Day, an alumnus of both the IPA and another right-wing think tank, the Centre for Independent Studies.  They are particularly interesting for they are now a senator. Not for the Liberals, but for the Family First Party.
Day and David Leyonhjelm, who was elected as a Liberal Democrat, are both “long-term IPA members” who Roskam expects to be “a breath of fresh air” in the parliament.
Which is to say, they represent the right-wing, libertarian views of the institute even more faithfully than the Liberal Party itself.
Not only have the IPA's front organisations now penetrated the federal parliament, they will be crucial to the passage of the Abbott government's legislation through the senate.
Notwithstanding all this government has done towards implementing its agenda, the IPA is still not satisfied. There are more items on its lists of aims and, as Roskam says, they're continuing to “hold Abbott's feet to the fire”.
For the IPA, the concern is that this government is not tough enough.
Living In The Middle: Series Overview
Enlarge this image toggle caption Bernard Hoffman/Time Life/Getty Images Bernard Hoffman/Time Life/Getty Images
Being middle class in America once meant feeling secure. You could count on having a decent home, a regular paycheck and food in the fridge.
Over the past three years, the Great Recession has eroded that sense of security for most middle-class workers. A recent survey done by the Pew Research Center found that 55 percent of Americans report taking one or more recession-related hits: a bout of unemployment, missed mortgage or rent payments, reduced paychecks or blown household budgets.
Even those who have hung on to their jobs and made all of their payments have felt the pinch of diminished home values and losses in retirement savings.
Now government statistics are emerging to confirm just how dramatically life has changed for the middle class -- roughly defined as that half of all U.S. households making between $25,000 and $80,000 a year. The economic dead center is represented by households earning the median income of $49,777, according to a recent report from the Census Bureau. Of the 117 million households in the U.S. today, half make more than that amount, and half make less.
Heard On Weekend Edition Sunday Economy If We're All Middle-Class, Who Do We Help? If We're All Middle-Class, Who Do We Help? Listen · 3:47 3:47
Consider these recent government statistics:
In 2009, median household income decreased in 34 states and increased in only one: North Dakota.
Nearly 4 million people fell out of the middle class last year and now live below the federal poverty line. More than 14 percent of the population is under that line, set at about $11,000 annual income for one person or $22,000 for a family of four.
In 2009, enrollment in Medicaid, the medical insurance program for low-income Americans, exceeded 48 million, or a record 15.7 percent of the U.S. population.
As of June, more than 41 million people were collecting food stamps. That was up by 6.4 million, or 18 percent, from the previous year.
This week, NPR presents Living In The Middle, a series that profiles people who are feeling squeezed in the middle and fearing a slide to the bottom:
Living in the Middle: What Do You Know?
The Single Mom. A single mother in New Hampshire works as a case manager for the elderly. They have a daughter headed to college. Divorce has taken a financial strain. How will they pay for their daughter's college education?
The Borrower. Jada Irwin has only themselves to care for, but still finds it tough making ends meet on America's median income. The young professional lives in an expensive area -- just outside Washington, D.C. -- and is saddled with more than $30,000 in student loan debt. She'd love to go out for "one decent meal a week" but feels that's a stretch they can't afford. Still, Irwin is grateful for a job in hard times, and optimistic that they can eventually move up the income ladder.
The Biologist. Darryl and Kristina Pendergrass can't get a step ahead. They're struggling to raise their two toddler sons on their $43,000 a year salary as a biologist with the Alabama Department of Public Health. They haven't had a raise in five years and says their net income has actually declined because of higher health insurance costs. The family lives in the small town of Tallassee, Ala. They own their home but have no cell phones or other luxuries like cable or satellite TV. They have seen their retirement savings take a major hit in recent years. Their biggest frustration is that elected officials don't seem to represent their interests.
The Farmer. Colorado farmer Terry Walter says they want to make food for people to eat, but feels unappreciated. Last year, their family of five brought in $48,000. They face a difficult combination of high levels of debt and low profit margins for their farming and ranching business that their father -- also in agriculture -- never had to worry about.
The Frugal Family. The Donnells chose to give up a fancier lifestyle with longer hours at work so they could be around to raise their three children.  They are a freelance IT specialist; they are a medical technologist in a hospital lab. They struggle with decisions like whether to spend $2,000 to fix their 1999 Subaru or to take on another monthly payment for a newer car.
Let's start with the basic logic:
Whenever the user types something we perform a network call and then we get the results:
RxTextView.textChanges(searchEditText)
.flatMap(Api::searchItems)
.subscribe(this::updateList, t->showError());
1. Reduce network requests.
The above has two problems:
you make a request per letter (yes that's bad) e.g.: user types quickly “a”, then “ab” then “abc” then corrects to “ab” and want to search finally for “abe”. You have made 5 network requests. Imagine if there is slow internet connectivity. you have a threading race possible problem e.g: user types “a”, then “ab”. The network call for the “ab” comes first and the call for “a” second. In that case the last updateList() will get executed with results from the “a”.
Solutions:
Add throttling behaviour:
debounce() is what you usually need. Values between 100–150 millis from my experience work the best. If your server needs additionally another 300ms then you can do a UI update in under 0,5 seconds.
RxTextView.textChanges(searchEditText)
.debounce(150, MILLISECONDS)
.flatMap(Api::searchItems)
.subscribe(this::updateList, t->showError());
2. Kill the previous requests:
introduce switchMap instead of flatMap. It will stop the previously emitted items. So if in time 0+150ms you search for “ab” and in time 0+300ms you search for “abcd” but the “ab” network call needs more than 150ms to complete, then by the time you start the “abcd” call the previous one will get canceled and you will always have the most recent result.
RxTextView.textChanges(searchEditText)
.debounce(150, MILLISECONDS)
.switchMap(Api::searchItems)
.subscribe(this::updateList, t->showError());
2. No error functionality / no network functionality
If a network call fails, you will never again observe text changes.
This can be easily solved by adding some error catching functionality.
So you could just use:
RxTextView.textChanges(searchEditText)
.debounce(150, MILLISECONDS)
.switchMap(Api::searchItems)
.onErrorResumeNext(t-> empty())
.subscribe(this::updateList);
Don't do that. Let's make it smarter. What if the searchItems() api call above calls because of connectivity? Or even more “UX-depressingly” brief connectivity that the user didn't notice?
You need a retry mechanism for these:
RxTextView.textChanges(searchEditText)
.debounce(150, MILLISECONDS)
.switchMap(Api::searchItems)
.retryWhen(new RetryWithConnectivity())
.subscribe(this::updateList, t->showError());
How to improve it even further? By adding a timeout. As our (car2go) UX designer Leander Lenzing says, “1 second is a lot of time in the user world”. So the above should be something like:
RxTextView.textChanges(searchEditText)
.debounce(150, MILLISECONDS)
.switchMap(Api::searchItems)
.retryWhen(new RetryWithConnectivityIncremental(context, 5, 15, SECONDS))
.subscribe(this::updateList, t->showErrorToUser());
So what will RetryWithConnectivityIncremental vs RetryWithConnectivity do? It will wait 5 seconds the phone to have internet, if more it will throw an exception. If the user retries it will wait with a longer timeout (e.g. 15 seconds).
Here is the code:
Everything you need to know about Electric Radiators
Electric radiators have come a long way in a short period of time. Consistent improvements in design, features and costs make these electric heating systems an attractive option for commercial, industrial or residential settings. Specialized spaces, such as hot yoga studios, health facilities and retail shops, all have taken benefit of this cost-saving and energy efficient method of heating.
Electric radiant panel heaters have many advantages over other systems such as forced air, baseboard and convection wall heaters. Radiant heating produced is a healthier heat compared to that of heat produced from conventional heating systems, as they do not blow dust particles or allergens. Plus, they don't make noise. Electric infrared Radiant panels radiators don't require heavy maintenance as they don't need a filter, ducts or pumps that require seasonal maintenance and cleaning. Modern electric heaters have highly sensitive, integral thermostatic controls that allow rapid response to sudden changes in room temperature so that the heater's output is quickly altered to maintain a consistent room temperature.
Understanding Radiant Heating and How Infrared works
Infrared or radiant heating is simply the transmission of heat from a warm object to a cooler one. The heat is an output of an entirely safe spectrum of light that is invisible to our eyes. Heating panels emit heat via long wave far infrared energy which radiates sun-like warmth to indoor or outdoor spaces, objects, and floor, rather than heating the air. Infrared radiant heaters transmit thermal energy, in the form of electromagnetic waves and objects in the given space absorb the heat. All the objects in the room get gently saturated with infrared energy and finally these objects absorb and re-radiate heat in every direction for even dissemination.
Radiant heating systems steadily heat rooms and transfer heat to other
Parts of the room at a uniform rate. Implying less temperature contrasts within rooms and more comfortable rooms overall. Electric radiators don't circulate air at all, and thus keep allergens and airborne diseases away. Better air quality is particularly an important consideration for people with allergies, asthma and other health issues that may get exacerbated by poor air quality.
Final Word
Due to lower utility bills, better air quality, low maintenance & installation cost, electric radiant panel heaters are often a better deal for those looking for electric heating solutions. It's easier to set room temperature compared to using Electric Radiators, simply configure the radiators correctly and get the desired heating. By using programmable thermostat, you can program your radiant panel heaters to turn them on or off at set times. For example, you can set them on when you are in the room and shut off when you are away. This way you can control your heating costs by ensuring that no heating is wasted.
← Back to Previous Page
Duck Dynasty was Wednesday's top cable program, earning a 3.0 up from last week's 2.9 adults 18-49 rating . American Horror Story came in second with a 2.2, up from last week's 1.8 adults 18-49 rating.
The list below is long but you can use your browsers “find on page” feature (usually CTRL+F or CMD+F) to search for specific shows.
Below are the top 100 cable shows for adults 18-49 for the whole day.
Wednesday cable ratings: (all Live+Same Day ratings):
Show Net Time Viewership (000s, Live+SD) Adults 18-49 rating (Live+SD) DUCK DYNASTY AEN 10:00 PM 7487 3.0 AMERICAN HORROR STORY FX 10:00 PM 4242 2.2 NBA REGULAR SEASON L ESPN 6:59 PM 3864 1.9 WAHLBURGERS AEN 10:31 PM 4023 1.7 DUCK DYNASTY AEN 9:30 PM 3656 1.5 BIG BANG THEORY, THE TBSC 9:30 PM 3666 1.4 FAMILY GUY ADSM 11:30 PM 2726 1.2 DUCK DYNASTY AEN 9:00 PM 3099 1.2 FAMILY GUY ADSM 11:00 PM 2561 1.2 BIG BANG THEORY, THE TBSC 9:00 PM 3063 1.2 BIG BANG THEORY, THE TBSC 8:30 PM 2922 1.1 AMERICAN DAD ADSM 10:30 PM 2322 1.0 ROBOT CHICKEN ADSM 12:00 AM 1902 1.0 NBA REGULAR SEASON L ESPN 9:39 PM 2043 1.0 DUCK DYNASTY AEN 8:30 PM 2626 0.9 ROBOT CHICKEN ADSM 12:15 AM 1704 0.9 WORKAHOLICS CMDY 10:00 PM 1296 0.9 BIG BANG THEORY, THE TBSC 8:00 PM 2145 0.9 WAHLBURGERS AEN 11:01 PM 1951 0.9 AMERICAN DAD ADSM 10:00 PM 2090 0.9 AMERICAN PICKERS HIST 9:00 PM 3583 0.8 REAL WORLD EX-PLOSION MTV 10:00 PM 1364 0.8 AQUA TEEN HUNGERFORCE ADSM 12:30 AM 1513 0.8 BIG BANG THEORY, THE TBSC 10:30 PM 1622 0.8 SQUIDBILLIES ADSM 12:45 AM 1481 0.8 DUCK DYNASTY AEN 8:00 PM 2164 0.7 FAMILY GUY ADSM 2:30 AM 1372 0.7 PSYCH USA 9:00 PM 1730 0.7 FX MOVIE PRIME FX 8:00 PM 1531 0.7 SQUIDBILLIES ADSM 1:00 AM 1347 0.7 AMERICAN PICKERS HIST 8:00 PM 2430 0.7 MELISSA & JOEY FAM 8:00 PM 1360 0.7 AMERICAN DAD ADSM 2:00 AM 1256 0.7 MEN AT WORK TBSC 10:00 PM 1383 0.7 TOP CHEF BRVO 10:00 PM 1494 0.6 SPONGEBOB NICK 6:30 PM 2929 0.6 DUCK DYNASTY AEN 12:01 AM 1462 0.6 BABY DADDY FAM 8:30 PM 1295 0.6 AQUA TEEN HUNGERFORCE ADSM 1:15 AM 1279 0.6 SOUTH PARK CMDY 9:30 PM 1043 0.6 DUCK DYNASTY AEN 7:30 PM 1533 0.6 AMERICAN HORROR STORY FX 11:11 PM 1154 0.6 AMERICAN DAD ADSM 1:30 AM 1220 0.6 MODERN FAMILY USA 8:30 PM 1453 0.6 DAILY SHOW CMDY 11:00 PM 1435 0.6 MODERN FAMILY USA 8:00 PM 1665 0.6 NCIS USA 7:00 PM 2839 0.6 FRIENDS NAN 11:36 PM 1396 0.6 SPONGEBOB NICK 6:00 PM 3015 0.6 BROAD CITY CMDY 10:30 PM 867 0.6 FRIENDS NAN 12:12 AM 1259 0.6 AMERICAN PICKERS HIST 10:00 PM 2347 0.5 REAL WORLD EX-PLOSION MTV 11:00 PM 791 0.5 MILEY CYRUS: UNPLUGGED MTV 9:00 PM 1028 0.5 CLEVELAND SHOW, THE ADSM 9:30 PM 1561 0.5 MICKEY MOUSE CLUBHOUSE DSNY 8:30 AM 1912 0.5 AMC MOVIE W STORY NOTES AMC 8:00 PM 1093 0.5 SPONGEBOB NICK 3:00 PM 2416 0.5 NCIS USA 6:00 PM 2301 0.5 NCIS USA 5:00 PM 2119 0.5 SOUTH PARK CMDY 9:00 PM 937 0.5 SPORTSCENTER 12AM L ESPN 12:00 AM 982 0.5 SUPERNATURAL TNT 11:00 AM 1123 0.5 DUCK DYNASTY AEN 1:01 AM 1210 0.5 NCIS USA 1:00 PM 1785 0.5 GHOST HUNTERS SYFY 9:00 PM 1329 0.5 MY STRANGE ADDICTION TLC 10:00 PM 1054 0.5 FRIENDS NAN 11:00 PM 1354 0.5 DUCK DYNASTY AEN 12:31 AM 1218 0.5 MICKEY MOUSE CLUBHOUSE DSNY 8:00 AM 1927 0.5 NCIS USA 12:00 PM 1609 0.5 PARDON THE INTERRUPTION ESPN 5:30 PM 1102 0.5 SPONGEBOB NICK 5:30 PM 2869 0.5 DOC MCSTUFFINS DSNY 9:30 AM 1757 0.5 SAM & CAT NICK 7:00 PM 2327 0.5 SPONGEBOB NICK 2:30 PM 2108 0.5 SEINFELD TBSC 6:30 PM 1011 0.5 NCIS USA 4:00 PM 1979 0.5 DUCK DYNASTY AEN 1:31 AM 1128 0.5 SUPERNATURAL TNT 10:00 AM 1017 0.5 FRIENDS NAN 12:48 AM 1081 0.5 AMAZING WORLD OF GUMBALL TOON 6:00 AM 1086 0.5 SEINFELD TBSC 7:00 PM 1084 0.5 JAKE AND THE NEVER LAND P DSNY 9:00 AM 1706 0.5 COPS SPIKE 12:00 AM 964 0.5 SPORTSCENTER EARLY L ESPN 6:00 PM 875 0.5 MODERN FAMILY USA 10:01 PM 1057 0.5 BONES TNT 3:00 PM 1667 0.5 BONES TNT 2:00 PM 1601 0.5 NCIS USA 3:00 PM 1989 0.4 COPS SPIKE 12:30 AM 905 0.4 NCIS USA 2:00 PM 1869 0.4 TOSH.O CMDY 6:30 PM 749 0.4 COPS SPIKE 11:30 PM 971 0.4 SOFIA THE FIRST DSNY 10:00 AM 1806 0.4 AMAZING WORLD OF GUMBALL TOON 6:30 AM 1280 0.4 SEX SENT ME TO THE ER TLC 11:00 PM 1042 0.4 TEAM UMIZOOMI NICK 9:30 AM 1867 0.4 BONES TNT 12:00 PM 1145 0.4 MODERN FAMILY USA 10:31 PM 1099 0.4
–
Nielsen TV Ratings: ©2014 The Nielsen Company. All Rights Reserved.
Everyone loves a good mystery, and in Russia it seems there are many. Read up on the Dyatlov Pass incident if you're looking for a reason not to go camping.
In the country where a bearded charlatan once inspired a great disco song, something odd has cropped up in recent months. Moscow motorists, when not surviving serious collisions in subpar vehicles without a scratch, have noticed that their GPS device will suddenly re-position its location when driving near the Kremlin.
The closer to the Kremlin, the more likely the device will suddenly find an alternative location to exist. In every instance, the location is the same: Vnukovo Airport, 20 miles from the seat of government.
Local media had a field day with the news, with The Moscow Times running the headline, “The Kremlin Eats GPS for Breakfast.” Clearly, an unknown force, emitted from somewhere, is interfering with satellite signals and replacing pinpoint coordinates with a default location when people stray too near.
Before Christmas, a CNN reporter walked towards the Kremlin, phone in hand. Standing a mile from the complex, their Google Maps position remained stubbornly locked on Vnukova Airport, and nothing could be done to reset it. A CNN photojournalist travelling near the Kremlin found themselves with a steep Uber bill after the driver's GPS incorrectly calculated a trip from the airport, even though the trip didn't originate, or terminate, at the airport.
When asked, official channels returned no explanation. The Russian Federal Protection Service, tasked with Kremlin security, apparently has no interest in dashing across Red Square to provide the press with details on the mystery.
An expert in GPS technology, Todd Humphreys of the University of Texas' Radionavigation Laboratory in Austin, told CNN that the situation bears all the hallmarks of “spoofing.” Unlike jamming, where signals are simply denied access, GPS spoofing overpowers a signal with a much stronger one. That leads the device to believe that it is actually in a very different location.
Humphreys is convinced that the signals are being sent out to keep pesky drones away from the Kremlin. Because many commercial drones are pre-programmed to avoid airports, sending out a misleading signal would keep those peeping quadrocopters at bay. Can't be too careful, you know.
Pushing out the signal would be a fairly easy task, too. All that's needed is a GPS signal generator, an amplifier, and antennae.
Moscow blogger and Segway driver Grigory Bakunov, who mapped out phony signal area during a two-wheeled excursion last fall, believes the Kremlin pumps out a spoofed geolocation signal on the L1 frequency — the same one used by devices that map a person's location.
Given that the Russian government has nothing to say about the matter, Muscovites had the best get used to paying for rides from the airport, whether they were there or not.
[Image: Wikimedia Commons (CC BY 2.0)]
Customers of a Dutch drugstore chain made a surprising discovery after coming across a drawing of Nazi leader Adolf Hitler in a coloring book.
Accompanied by a color code, the cartoon Hitler is illustrated in their infamous brown uniform, swastika emblazoned on their sleeve, making the Nazi salute.
Following complaints from customers, the company Kruidvat withdrew the coloring book from sale.
'Deep regret'
In a statement on Wednesday, the Kruidvat chain expressed its "deep regret" about the incident, adding that it was "inappropriate" to include the portrait of Hitler in coloring books.
"We are very sorry," the Dutch news agency ANP quoted a Kruidvat spokesperson as saying.
Several customers published a photo of the completed page from the coloring book on the company's Facebook page.
The company is now investigating how the illustration came to be in the coloring book.
ksb/msh (AFP, dpa)
Park Hyo Shin will soon be making a return with their seventh album, and they have now released two new teaser images!
The first teaser image is for their album entitled “I Am A Dreamer,” which is the singer's seventh full album. It is slated to be released on October 3.
Park Hyo Shin's second teaser image is for what is being called a “block MV” entitled “Beautiful Tomorrow.”
Park Hyo Shin produced this entire album himself, and wrote and composed most of the songs as well. Their agency Glove Entertainment has said that they plan to release one song in advance before the full album comes out to give fans a taste of the album.
Are you excited about a new album from Park Hyo Shin?
Source (1)
GISS Surface Temperature Analysis (v3)
Analysis Graphs and Plots
This page is updated each month by an automatic procedure. Additional figures based on the GISTEMP analysis which require manual effort to create are available from Columbia University web pages maintained by Dr. Makiko Sato; see page 1 and page 2.
Instructions:
Click on the section titles below to hide or expose the respective graphs.
At the bottom left corner of every graph are 3 icons to “reset”, “move”, and “zoom” the image.
Hovering over a data point will display the year and data value.
The annual mean graphs are paired with a lowess smooth, i.e. a non-parametric regression analysis that relies on a k-nearest-neighbor model. In order to evaluate the function, we use a fraction of data corresponding to a ten year window of data, giving an effective smoothing of approximately five years.
For the option to select the strength of the smoothing and for seeing additional graphs click HERE.
▼
▶
▶
' Annual (thin lines) and five-year lowess smooth (thick lines) for the temperature anomalies averaged over the Earth's land area and sea surface temperature anomalies averaged over the part of the ocean that is free of ice at all times (open ocean). Figure also available as a PNG, PDF, HTML, plain text, CSV, or Generate PNG of the visualization's current state.
▶
' Annual and five-year lowess smoothed temperature changes, with the base period 1951-1980, for three latitude bands that cover 30%, 40% and 30% of the global area. Uncertainty bars (95% confidence limits) for the annual (outer) and five-year smooth (inner) are based on a spatial sampling analysis. These estimates use land and ocean data. [This is an update of Figure 5 in Hansen et al. (1999).] Figure also available as a PNG, PDF, HTML, plain text and CSV (data columns 4-6), or Generate PNG of the visualization's current state.
▶
' Annual and five-year lowess smooth anomalies (vs. 1951-1980) separately for the Northern and Southern Hemispheres based on land and ocean data. Figure also available as a PNG, PDF, HTML, plain text and CSV (data columns 2, 3), or Generate PNG of the visualization's current state.
▶
' Monthly mean global surface temperature anomalies vs. 1951-1980. The black dotted line shows estimates based on meteorological station data only; the red line shows estimates that additionally use ocean temperature data from ships and buoys. [This is an update of Figure 8 in Hansen et al. (1999).] Figure also available as a PNG, PDF, HTML, plain text, CSV, or Generate PNG of the visualization's current state.
▶
' Annual and five-year lowess smooth surface air temperature averaged over the contiguous 48 United States (1.6% of the Earth's surface) relative to the 1951-1980 mean. [This is an update of Plate 6(a) in Hansen et al. (2001). The corresponding graph in Hansen et al. (1999) shows a smaller trend, since it is based on data that were not yet corrected for station moves and time-of-observation changes, see this FAQ.] Figure also available as a PNG, PDF, HTML, plain text, CSV, or Generate PNG of the visualization's current state.
▶
' Surface temperature index change vs. 1951-1980 since 1950 at seasonal resolution, for the globe and for low latitudes (add 1 to get the actual low latitude anomaly). [This is an update of Figure 7 in Hansen et al. (1999).] Black triangles mark large volcanos. These eruptions occurred on March 1963, April 1982, and Jun 1991. SST at Nino 3.4 are the seasonal means. Figure also available as a PNG, PDF, HTML, plain text, CSV, or Generate PNG of the visualization's current state. El Nino figure also available as a PNG, PDF, HTML, or Generate PNG of the visualization's current state. Nino data were taken from this table provided by NOAA's NCEP. However, we are displaying the anomalies with respect to the 1951-1980 means.
+ Return to GISTEMP homepage
Them heavy spending and relatively modest fund-raising in January compounded the problems, leaving the campaign ill-equipped to plan after Feb. 5, advisers and donors say.
“It sure didn't look like they had a game plan after Super Tuesday,” Mr. Rendell said in an interview on Wednesday. “What I would have done, knowing the line-up, I would've picked one or two states to make an all-out effort, whether Maine or Washington State or you name it, to really try to stop the Obama momentum.”
While Clinton fund-raising has rebounded, to about $1 million a day, their advisers acknowledge that Mr. Obama has been taking money in at a faster clip since January. They say their recent money advantage is one reason they were able to build stronger organizations and spend more on advertising than they did in several states this winter.
Several Clinton donors put the blame on the campaign manager, Patti Solis Doyle, and said that Ms. Doyle's shortcomings as a long-range planner was a factor that led them to be replaced on Sunday by another longtime Clinton aide, Maggie Williams.
But Clinton aides said they were confident they would have enough money to prevail in Ohio and Texas. They plan to open a campaign headquarters in Austin this weekend, and to open field offices soon; more than 100 staff members have been redeployed to Texas.
They have a campaign headquarters in Columbus, Ohio, and are opening field offices now; an Ohio spokesperson for Mrs. Clinton said there were staff members working in the state's 18 Congressional districts.
Still, after eight straight losses by Mrs. Clinton since Feb. 5, and with finances only now stabilizing, the campaign is scrambling to build up its forces in both states. On Tuesday afternoon, it sent an urgent request for help to volunteers in California, New York and other states that have already voted, asking people to travel to Texas and Ohio “to spread Hillary's message and help them win.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“We are setting up field offices and are looking for volunteers to travel into these states and spend as much time as they can,” the campaign e-mail request stated. “Every phone call made and every person on the ground makes all the difference.”
The message did not mention assistance with travel costs.
If the Clinton organization appears a little improvisational, a review of its recent performances suggests that Mrs. Clinton was outmaneuvered by Mr. Obama, who won some of their victories by margins of two to one.
In Idaho, for example, Mr. Obama's campaign started setting up nearly a year before the Feb. 5 caucus. By the day of the caucus, they had five offices in the state and 20 paid staff members. A few days before, Mr. Obama themselves showed up in Boise, drawing 14,000 people to the Taco Bell Arena, the biggest in the state.
Mrs. Clinton, by contrast, sent one of their supporters, Senator Maria Cantwell of neighboring Washington State, to drop by just before the caucuses.
“Idahoans are not used to having attention paid, so when someone does, it's a huge deal,” said Chuck Oxley, a spokesperson for the state's Democratic Party. Turnout in Idaho was four times what it was in 2000. Mr. Obama won Idaho by 62 percentage points and took most delegates.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
In Minnesota, “the Clinton campaign was in triage mode,” said Lawrence Jacobs, a political scientist at the University of Minnesota. They said Mrs. Clinton appeared to have allocated their dwindling resources to New York and California, the biggest prizes in the Feb. 5 contests (and which they won), investing almost nothing in media advertising in Minnesota and leaving their campaign there “like a M.A.S.H. unit.”
At the same time, Mr. Jacobs said, Mr. Obama “had developed almost a new style of campaigning.”
“He merges modern campaign technology — they have the list of names, the follow-up effort, all the literature distribution — with these phenomenal rock-arena political revivals,” Mr. Jacobs said. “In a caucus state, it's formidable.”
Mr. Obama won Minnesota by 34 percentage points.
In Washington State, Cathy Allen, a longtime Democratic strategist working for Mrs. Clinton, said the Clinton campaign had worked hard.
“Our people were there,” Ms. Allen said of caucus day, which was Saturday. “We got more of our people out than ever. They just did more.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Obama won Washington by 36 percentage points.
Three months before the North Dakota caucuses on Feb. 5, the Obama campaign dispatched a staff member there to begin organizing. The campaign quickly expanded to include 11 full-time staff members, including one person solely for media outreach. And in Utah, in preparation for Feb. 5, Mr. Obama opened an office months before Mrs. Clinton did, said Rob Miller, the vice chairperson of the Utah Democratic Party.
“Hillary did not set foot in the state of Utah,” Mr. Miller said.
Mr. Obama won both states.
In Maine, Arden Manning, chairperson of the state's Democratic Party, attributed Mr. Obama's victory by almost 20 percentage points in Sunday's caucuses to their superior organization, despite Mrs. Clinton's apparent advantages with the state's demographics of older, blue-collar, lower-income voters.
“A lot of the credit for what happened here goes to the Obama campaign, a grass-roots campaign, that was very well organized, with precinct captains and precinct leaders getting people out,” Mr. Manning said.
In addition, the Obama campaign was more adept at using the Internet.
“I got very little from the Clinton side,” said Amy Fried, a political scientist at the University of Maine, who signed up on both campaigns' Web sites to compare them. “But I got a lot from Obama, urging me to come in and work and telling me about events, just giving me lots more.”
Mrs. Clinton has had their own share of big victories, like Arizona, California, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, New Jersey, and Tennessee. Yet given the strong lead that they held in national opinion polls for much of 2007, and the image of inevitability that their campaign pushed so ardently, their organizational weaknesses — starting with their third-place finish in the Iowa caucuses — have been notable.
Guy Cecil, Mrs. Clinton's field director, told reporters on Wednesday that Mrs. Clinton would not be outmatched again, committing to opening offices and dispatching staff not only to Texas, Ohio and Pennsylvania, but also other battlegrounds to come, like Kentucky, Mississippi and even Puerto Rico, which holds the final contest on June 7.
“We are recommitting and redoubling our efforts to not only have the best candidate in the race, but also have the most effective and largest grass-roots effort in the states going forward,” Mr. Cecil said.
While both Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Obama are only now expanding their operations in Texas and Ohio, some Clinton advisers expressed concern that they did not have a head start, given the importance of the two states.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Some Clinton allies and donors worry that Mrs. Clinton has left themselves vulnerable after losing so many recent contests, but the candidate themselves sounded cockier about their political fortunes on Wednesday than they have in recent memory.
At a news conference in McAllen, on the Mexican border, they noted that “the depth and breadth of my support is obvious” in South Texas.
“I want to congratulate Senator Obama on their recent victories and tell them to meet me in Texas — we're ready,” Mrs. Clinton said.
The Ukip leader, Nigel Farage, has broken the consensus inside western intelligence by telling the BBC before their Europe debate with Nick Clegg that they believe the chemical attack in Syria last summer was conducted by the Syrian rebels, and not by the forces of the president, Bashar al-Assad.
Under continued pressure over their admiration for the Russian president, Vladimir Putin, Farage said: "I did admire what they had done over Syria. We were about to go to war in Syria because poison gas, sarin gas, had been used and everybody in London and Washington and Brussels assumed it had been used by Assad. And Putin said: 'Hang on a second, don't be so sure.' It turns out it is more than likely it was the rebels that used the gas. If Putin hadn't intervened we would now be at war in Syria."
They added: "I admire them as operator and head," adding that they were head and shoulders above Clegg.
Their remarks are at odds with most expert opinion and the views of western intelligence. When they appeared on Russia Today in August Farage appeared to be more cautious in suggesting that the attack was by the rebels.
They were asked by their interviewer: "At this point there is no proof or any identification that the Assad government carried out the chemical attack, right?"
Farage replied: "What I'm saying is that I do myself believe that it's probable that they did but it's not absolutely certain. This whole situation is very, very complicated. And the so-called opposition are very split amongst themselves. And, probably, there are stronger hatreds between some of the opposition groups than there are against the Assad regime. We ought to be slightly cautious and we ought to absolutely make sure that it was Assad that used those weapons."
The US government has said it has "high confidence" that the chemical attack on Ghouta, near Damascus, on 21 August last year was carried out by Syrian government forces, a view backed up by monitored communications and on-the-ground analysis. The French government said the attack, using hundreds of kilograms of Sarin, could not have been carried out by anyone else.
UN investigators discovered several Soviet-made rockets which carried the chemical weapons in Ghouta. Human Rights Watch (HRW) said the rockets were fired from an Iranian-made launcher. Both rockets and launchers are used by the Syrian army and not normally used by rebels.
HRW also estimated that the rockets were fired from a military base on Mount Qassioun, which is home to the Syrian army's Republican Guards' 104th brigade.
Only the Syrian and Russian governments suggest that the Syrian government did not fire chemical weapons at Ghouta.
Arya spars with Brienne - Littlefinger's Dagger - Game of Thrones Season 7
by
3:28 - 8,421,169 views
Game of Thrones Season 7 Episode 4: The Spoils of War
Arya meets with Brienne and shows off the skills they learned from No One. Littlefinger looks on. by Ben Quincy-Shaw 3:28 - 8,421,169 viewsGame of Thrones Season 7 Episode 4: The Spoils of WarArya meets with Brienne and shows off the skills they learned from No One. Littlefinger looks on.
WOMBO COMBO!!!!
by
0:50 - 15,369,131 views
full match: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A60AjGrwEyo
SS/Tang(Green) vs Zhu/Lucky(Blue)
SCSA West Coast Curcuit
12/6/08
San Bernardino, CA
Losers Semis
Commentary by: Phil, HomeMadeWaffles, and Mango by Lumpycpu 0:50 - 15,369,131 viewsfull match: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A60AjGrwEyoSS/Tang(Green) vs Zhu/Lucky(Blue)SCSA West Coast Curcuit12/6/08San Bernardino, CALosers SemisCommentary by: Phil, HomeMadeWaffles, and Mango
It doesn't make a lot of sense that the very pinnacle of driving would be a box-on-wheels old Volvo on a patch of dirt and ice in rural New Hampshire. But I don't need life to make sense.
[Full Disclosure: This weekend I drove historic rally cars representing every decade from the ‘60s through the 2000s, from Saabs to Subarus and all kinds of Audis and Porsches in the middle. The cars were all privately maintained, and a huge thanks goes to those gracious owners who let me drive their cars, and to Team O'Neil Rally School for organizing the event up at their New Hampshire home. More articles are coming.]
This is the Volvo 142 that the future World Rally Champion Markku Alén took to third at the ‘73 1000 Lakes Rally in their home country Finland. I can't say how nervous I was when I stepped into this car. I could barely drive it. I halfway forgot how the steering wheel works.
It's not like there was anything physically special about the car. It's a Volvo 142 that rolled off a Swedish assembly line in 1972. There's a little four-cylinder engine up front, a solid axle out back, and not much but a gas pedal in between. It is a rally car: a production road car modified to race against the clock on public roads.
Advertisement
There is little to separate it from an old professor's car but for the stripped and caged interior, some bigger carbs, and some extra steel welded into the floor. It's not even particularly different from my parents' Volvo 240 I learned to drive stick on back in high school.
But stern-faced Markku “Maximum Attack” Alén is one of my heroes. I've watched the old BBC broadcast of the ‘73 1000 Lakes I don't know how many times before. This car's history was very real, just like all the trees I worried about not crashing it into.
Advertisement
On my first few laps of Team O'Neil's test course, I spun and spun and spun again.
But Charles, the big and kind man who bought this car almost by chance from a Finnish museum, gradually settled me down. I started to breath. I started to look up. The car started to make sense.
Advertisement
The Volvo is the classic epitome of a rear-drive race car, steered with the gas pedal, sideways everywhere. Strip away the history, strip away the look, strip away the sound and everything but the way it drives, and it is still incredibly fast and almost hilariously rewarding from behind the wheel.
And what gets me about it is that its thrill comes second to its toughness. It has rear-wheel drive running a solid axle at the back. It has ultra old-school cam-and-roller steering.
Advertisement
It was built to take jumps so extreme that they could (and did) break a man's back. Seriously. The sister car to this Volvo broke broke multiple bones in its co-driver's back and ended their 20-year career.
Looking through the spare interior, the car's little analog rally computer reminded me of its job—to cover as much of the roughest ground in the world, as accurately as possible, with technology now four decades old. Its response to its challenges was to be as sturdy as conceivably possible.
Advertisement
It is a mix of history and speed and excitement, held together in the shape of a Volvo brick. It could not be more mismatched.
Maybe that's why it feels so perfect.
Advertisement
Photo Credits: Raphael Orlove
Gruber's been teaching at the university since 1992. Where are the guardians of academic truth? And where are the media, who, apparently, haven't bothered to ask MIT for their reaction?
Six million dollars. Who ever said you couldn't get rich working for the government?
A Fox News review of state and federal websites, as well as published reports, finds the MIT economist and their firm have secured millions in federal and state contracts stretching back over the last fifteen years.
Most famously, the Department of Health and Human Services retained Gruber in March 2009 to produce, as the contract stipulated, “a series of technical memoranda on the estimated changes in health insurance coverage and associated costs and impacts to the government under alternative specifications of health system reform.”
That contract netted Gruber $95,000, and an additional HHS contract, inked that June, added $297,600 to the deal – steering almost $400,000 to the creator of the Gruber Microsimulation Model. Still another contract with the agency, as reported here, was said to have exceeded $2 million in value since 2007.
The National Institutes of Health clinched a deal for a like amount ($2.05 million), and the Department of Justice contracted with Gruber for nearly $1.74 million. DOJ? You might ask. Why would the Justice Department be hiring the architect of ObamaCare? Records show Gruber earned the DOJ fee for helping to develop viable incentives to be extended to the tobacco companies in order to dissuade them from targeting teen smokers.
Similarly, Gruber collected $103,500 from the State Department for their services as an expert witness, providing testimony in a NAFTA dispute with a Canadian tobacco firm.
Then there are the state governments. The Fox News review finds Gruber and their firm have consulted for, or provided computer modeling to, at least fifteen states. Glenn Kessler, the widely respected Washington Post columnist who writes under the moniker “The Fact Checker,” reported last week that “at least eight states” have hired Gruber to assist with the launching of their health care exchanges – and Kessler added: “It's safe to say that about $400,000 appears to be the standard rate for gaining access to the Gruber Microsimulation Model.”
June 25 (Reuters) - SFX Entertainment Inc, a promoter of events such as Belgium's Tomorrowland music festival, filed with U.S. regulators to raise up to $175 million in an initial public offering to fund its expansion in the fast-growing electronic dance music industry.
The New York-based company, headed by media mogul Robert F.X. Sillerman, bought the North American division of Netherlands-based ID&T Entertainment, which runs the three-day Tomorrowland festival, in January.
Tomorrowland, one of the largest electronic dance music festivals in the world, sold all 180,000 tickets to the 2013 event in one second.
The global market directly associated with electronic dance music is projected to be worth about $4.5 billion in 2013, according to the International Music Summit Business Report.
SFX said it intends to use the proceeds of the IPO to fund acquisitions, working capital and general corporate purposes.
UBS Investment Bank, Barclays and Jefferies are underwriting the IPO, SFX told the U.S Securities and Exchange Commission in a preliminary prospectus. ()
The filing did not reveal how many shares the company planned to sell or their expected price.
The company intends to list its common stock on the Nasdaq under the symbol “SFXE”.
The amount of money a company says it plans to raise in its first IPO filings is used to calculate registration fees. The final size of the IPO could be different.
Chains are highly effective for building speed, strength, and power. In fact, there isn't another "tool" I know of that you can use just once and actually see (and feel) the results in the very same training session.
Here's how they work:
Chains (and bands) accommodate resistance.
Chains greatly reduce the natural deceleration phase that occurs as you approach lockout.
As you lower the bar, the chains de-load, making the weight lighter.
As you raise the bar back to lockout, the chains reload, making the weight heavier.
You'll find that the chains help you build both starting strength and lockout power.
Once you've performed a few reps with chains on the bar, you'll notice that you automatically start to explode the bar up faster.
The chains will increase your speed very quickly.
Here's a little experiment:
Take 50% of your max squat and perform three doubles with that weight. Next, add 20 pounds of chain to each side of the bar and do three more doubles. The results will shock you.
Even though the total weight on the bar has increased, you'll suddenly move the bar faster with the chain on than with the chain off!
Here are some other variations to play with:
If you squat under 300 pounds, try using 10 to 15 pounds of chain per side.
If you squat 300 to 500 pounds, try using 20 to 30 pounds of chain per side.
If you squat over 500 pounds, experiment with 40 pounds (or more) of chain per side.
Before you attempt this, you'll need to know how to set the chains up. First up, here's a shopping list:
Buy some heavy chain with links that measure approximately 5/8ths of an inch in diameter. These heavy chains should each be 6 feet long and weigh about 10kg (22 pounds) each. (If you need lighter chain, go for 3/8ths of an inch in diameter.)
Buy a pair of loading chains. These are for supporting the heavier chain. Buy the lightest chain you can find that's up to the job (you'll have to use your judgment on this). Each loading chain should be 6.5 feet long.
Buy a pair of small carabineers. You'll use these to regulate the length of the loading chains, so make sure these carabineers fit through the links of your loading chains.
Buy a good quality carabineer for each of your heavy chains. Next, snap a carabineer on the middle link of each heavy chain. To secure each heavy chain to a loading chain, simply snap the carabineer that's on the heavy chain onto the loading chain.
Note: Carabineers can be bought from climbing/hiking shops and chain can be obtained from hardware stores, although you'll have to shop around a bit to find heavy chain (most of the stuff available at hardware stores isn't thick enough).
Setting up the chains is straightforward, but many gym warriors and athletes alike make a huge mess of it. If you get the set-up wrong, you won't reap the benefits. So read the next part carefully.
Let's start with the easiest lift with which to assemble chains, the deadlift.
Deadlifting Against Chains
You don't need to use a loading chain to deadlift against chain weight. Simply drape the chain over the bar and you're good to go.
There are two ways you can do this:
Put the chain over the middle of the bar and have it rest between your feet (perfect for pulling Sumo style), or... Put the chain on the outside of the plates on each side of the bar. If you do this, place a fat collar on after the last plate and then add the chain to the bar. You'll see why you need the fat collar when you try it.
When pulling against chains, make sure you have the chain directly under the bar or slightly behind it. The worst mistake you can make is to start pulling with the chain in front of the bar as this will pull you forward, which is a very bad thing when trying to increase your deadlift.
Squatting And Bench Pressing Against Chains
To set up the chain for the squat and bench press, remember what it is you're trying to achieve. Your aim is to set up the chains so that when you're in the hole of your squat, nearly all the heavy chain is on the floor. Likewise, when benching, nearly all the heavy chain should be on the floor when the bar touches the chest.
To achieve this correct height, simply adjust the length of your loading chains. This requires some trial and error the first time you do it, but once you have the correct set up for both lifts, it'll be a snap. Make sure to mark your loading chains so that you know the exact set up for both your squat and bench.
This isn't mandatory of course, although counting chain links every time you lift gets old rather quickly.
If you're training in a team/group that's made up of lifters of varying heights, set the chains for the tallest guy. Although this will mean that the set-up isn't perfect for the others, it'll be good enough.
Here's a video of yours truly squatting and deadlifting against chains. Notice how I set them up:
Here's a video showing how the chains look on the bench press:
A Heavy Disclaimer
Before using chains, it makes sense to develop your strength to a good level using just straight weights. You don't have to be world-class, but if you can't yet squat and bench press with good form or haven't yet deadlifted 315 pounds, what you really need is a decent program, some patience, and a kick in the ass, not chains.
In other words, before you start to use chains, make sure you have good technique and have built some strength using less advanced methods.
If you are ready to use chains, here's what you need to know:
Chains can be used for speed work, maximal effort work, and repetition work. (I prefer to use them on speed and maximal effort work and use straight weight for repetition work.)
Do not start using chains on every exercise you do. This is way too much of a good thing. Instead, choose one exercise like the bench press and add chains for 3 or 4 weeks and see how you progress.
If you want to copy me, try using chains on your squat and perform four doubles with 50% of your max on week 1, 55% on week 2, and 60% on week 3. On week 4, remove the chains and re-test your max.
For equipped powerlifters and athletes, chains are awesome as they'll increase speed and explosive power and make your lockout stronger.
Raw powerlifters may use chains but must be careful to still practice their lifts with straight weight. The reason being is that raw lifters have to get the bar out of the hole on the squat and off the chest on the bench press themselves. An over-reliance on chains could build the lockout at the expense of strength at the opposite end of the movement.
The Wrap Up
Chains are a valuable tool for developing speed, strength, and power. However, they must be set up correctly to gain any real benefit, and if you're a total beginner you're just not ready for them.
However, if you have good technique and have built some strength, get yourself some chains. You have nothing to lose and could have some rapid progress to gain. If you're already pretty strong and aren't using chains in your training, you're likely missing out on some near-instant increases in strength and power!
Next up: Using bands!
The 102-year-old constitution of St. Stephen's College is headed for a big change with the Church of North India likely to get a bigger say in its functioning.
A draft amendment circulated by principal Valson Thampu proposes to hand over student admissions and faculty appointments to the college's supreme council, leaving the governing body toothless. It also empowers the principal to take disciplinary action against students or staff, independent of the governing body, which till now had a say in the matter.
The current supreme council is made up of five Churches of North India (CNI) members and the principal. It was earlier responsible only for appointing the principal and safeguarding the college's minority status.
The draft amendment, a copy of which is with HT, will be presented for voting before the 16-member governing body on November 23. Sources said the body, which has been looking after admissions and appointments so far, is largely loyal to Thampu.
Teachers fear that the amendment, if passed, would destroy the “secular and intellectual” fabric of the Delhi University college. “This is being done to establish oligarchy of Christians who will run the institution as they like. The new constitution removes the system of checks and balances. The secular and intellectual interest of the institution is being compromised by vested interests who have already brought bad name to the college,” said a senior teacher, who has been a governing body member.
“All of a sudden, the principal will also have the power to decide on staff increments,” said Nandita Narain, a teacher.
“Now what is the legitimacy of the changes that are being brought? Moreover, the college is a government-funded institution and CNI does not even give 5% that they are supposed to give, so why is so much power being vested in them,” they asked.
The amendment also plans to replace the St Stephen's College Trust, which currently runs the college, with a proposed St Stephen's Educational Society which will have the power to establish Stephen's-like private institutions across India.
The proposed society will comprise at least 11 members -- the Bishop of the diocese of Delhi (CNI) as the chairperson, the CNI general secretary, one member from the Delhi diocesan board of education, a nominee of the CNI moderator, a nominee of the executive committee of the Delhi diocese, three persons of eminence from the Christian community, two more Christians from the field of education, management and finance nominated by the principal, and the principal himself. In case the post of Delhi diocese Bishop is vacant, the moderators commissary will be the chairperson. No teacher will be part of this body.
These 11 members will also be part of the supreme council, which till now had no jurisdiction over administration of the college.
The governing body will now have 19 members but the number of teacher representatives is likely to be brought down from four to two as the draft amendment does away with post of two elected teachers.
As per the draft, the governing body will have to “control the policy, development and direction of the institution and administer the finances and control the income and expenditure of the institution.”
Even the alumni nominated to the governing body shall be identified by the principal in consultation with the chairperson. “It is too early to comment but I hope the governing body will take into account the plus and minus points of the draft,” said Mani Shankar Aiyar, Congress leader and a Stephen's alumni.
Warris K Masih of the CNI did not respond to HT's calls and text messages. Thampu, however, confirmed the developments, saying it was the supreme council's decision to amend the college constitution.
“There is no point discussing it now as it is just in the preliminary stage and hypothetical matter. But whatever will be done, the decision would be in the interest of the institution,” they said. With the new constitution, the principal will also get to decide which staff members get residential quarters.
First Published: Nov 20, 2015 01:18 IST
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Pro-Palestinian demonstrators inside the hall were greeted by boos when they tried to protest
Protesters have disrupted the Israel Philharmonic Orchestra's BBC Proms concert at London's Royal Albert Hall.
Several demonstrators in the hall shouted as Zubin Mehta stood to conduct Bruch's violin concerto. Many other audience members booed in response.
BBC Radio 3 said it had to interrupt its live broadcast twice "as a result of sustained audience disturbance".
The Palestine Solidarity Campaign had earlier called on people to boycott the concert and urged the BBC to cancel it.
In a statement published on its website ahead of the Proms, the pro-Palestinian group claimed the IPO showed "complicity in whitewashing Israel's persistent violations of international law and human rights".
The BBC Proms Team tweeted: "We're sorry that the concert was taken off air following hall disturbance. Glad both pieces were heard by the audience in the RAH."
It later added: "We regret that as a result of sustained audience disturbance tonight's concert was taken off BBC Radio 3."
The performance, which consisted of four parts, was interrupted at about 19:45 BST and coverage was cut off again an hour later after more protests.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The Proms performance was interrupted by protests which prompted a chorus of boos
A spokesperson for BBC Proms said it appeared each piece had been targeted by different protesters seated around the hall.
They said the broadcaster was "disappointed" the coverage had been taken off air but said the performance had continued in the hall.
About 30 people were removed by security but there were no arrests and no violence, they said.
The BBC's Tom Symonds said: "As Zubin Mehta stood up and began each piece a small group of protesters each time tried to stop the music.
"They sang, they shouted, they were met by boos by the audience and they had to be removed by the security staff."
Outside the concert hall a group of about 20 campaigners waved banners and sang songs in protest against the appearance of the Israel Philharmonic Orchestra (IPO).
Several pro-Israeli groups met them with their own protest outside, our correspondent said.
They said it had been a "pretty disruptive" but the orchestra was said to have "taken it all in their stride and had smiles on their faces".
Ode to Joy
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Zubin Mehta, Israel Philharmonic Orchestra: "People who make music have to be politically aware"
Regular Proms-goer Chris Keating said there were six or seven disturbances during the performance.
"The first was in a quiet passage of the first piece," they said.
"About a dozen protesters in the choir seats stood up with a banner saying Free Palestine and started chanting and singing to the tune of Beethoven's Ode to Joy.
"They were drowned out by the orchestra as the passage of music got louder and were ushered out."
'Riot atmosphere'
Theartsdesk.com music reviewer Igor Toronyi-Lalic, who was at the show, said: "The whole hall was groaning and trying to slow clap them out.
"It had the atmosphere of a riot."
There had been increased security measures for the concert, including bag searches and a heightened police presence.
Police confirmed there had been no arrests but there were heated exchanges between not only supporters of both political sides but also concert-goers angry at the disruption to their evening.
Anti-Israel protesters have targeted classical music performances before.
In August 2008, five members of the Scottish Palestine Solidarity Campaign disrupted a concert by the Jerusalem String Quartet at Edinburgh's Queen's Hall.
The BBC said it would broadcast part of the concert on 7 September at 14:30 BST.
lordoliver
Offline
Activity: 1512
Merit: 1017
expect(brain).toHaveBeenUsed()
LegendaryActivity: 1512Merit: 1017expect(brain).toHaveBeenUsed() Re: NEM Official Thread - Crowdsale has begun[Updates & Discussion] September 14, 2014, 12:07:24 PM #4801 Quote from: kodtycoon on September 14, 2014, 11:54:58 AM Quote from: Bob81 on September 14, 2014, 11:37:20 AM
How can we prevent such pishing-attempts?
What can we do in case someone has already stolen our password?
Is it sufficient to change our password?
Any recommendation?
Now I'm afraid of every message I received the last days.How can we prevent such pishing-attempts?What can we do in case someone has already stolen our password?Is it sufficient to change our password?Any recommendation?
no need to panic.. just dont click any links from users who you do not recognise and make sure that if you do get a message that it is from who it is supposed to be.. like if its the newsletter make sure it is me and not kodycoon or something... profile rank is a good indicator..
changing you password should be ok.. if you have clicked any suspicious links and you are concerned that your account has been breached just send patmast3r a message to confirm that your stake has not attempted to be claimed.
if there is not a link in the message.. everything is fine.. no need to worry.. if there is.. double check everything and everything will be fine.. just dont enter your login details anywhere unless its just btt you are logging into.
no need to panic.. just dont click any links from users who you do not recognise and make sure that if you do get a message that it is from who it is supposed to be.. like if its the newsletter make sure it is me and not kodycoon or something... profile rank is a good indicator..changing you password should be ok.. if you have clicked any suspicious links and you are concerned that your account has been breached just send patmast3r a message to confirm that your stake has not attempted to be claimed.if there is not a link in the message.. everything is fine.. no need to worry.. if there is.. double check everything and everything will be fine.. just dont enter your login details anywhere unless its just btt you are logging into.
Wouldn't it be better to convert all accounts to assets, not only on demand? This way there are then at least no attacks on the forum accounts any more... Wouldn't it be better to convert all accounts to assets, not only on demand? This way there are then at least no attacks on the forum accounts any more...
Your Bitcoin transactions The Ultimate Bitcoin mixer made truly anonymous. with an advanced technology. Mix coins
Advertised sites are not endorsed by the Bitcoin Forum. They may be unsafe, untrustworthy, or illegal in your jurisdiction. Advertise here.
13Darko
Offline
Activity: 620
Merit: 507
Hero MemberActivity: 620Merit: 507 Re: NEM Official Thread - Crowdsale has begun[Updates & Discussion] September 14, 2014, 12:18:23 PM #4802 Zahlen (seems hacked) with "Important news about NEM Open Alpha" which really looks like leading to bitcointalk though:
1. the site was unsecure (not http s ://);
2. bi l cointalk.org (not bi t cointalk.org).
damn scamers I was also PMd a phishing link from(seems hacked) with "Important news about NEM Open Alpha" which really looks like leading to bitcointalk though:1. the site was unsecure (not http://);2. bicointalk.org (not bicointalk.org).damn scamers
abstraktalias
Offline
Activity: 40
Merit: 0
NewbieActivity: 40Merit: 0 Re: NEM Official Thread - Crowdsale has begun[Updates & Discussion] September 14, 2014, 01:24:16 PM #4805 Can someone help me please. I'm not super tech savvy.
I've trying to access my NXT wallet for a couple of weeks to no avail. Before logging into my account I get the following message...
A new version of the Nxt client is available (1.2.6). Would you like to update?
When I click OK, I get this message. The hash of the downloaded update does not equal the one supplied by the blockchain. Aborting update.
Then if I log in it just downloads the block chain for hours without me being able to do anything within the wallet.
Anyone else having this problem? Thanks in advance for any help.
13Darko
Offline
Activity: 620
Merit: 507
Hero MemberActivity: 620Merit: 507 Re: NEM Official Thread - Crowdsale has begun[Updates & Discussion] September 14, 2014, 01:46:55 PM #4808 Quote from: abstraktalias on September 14, 2014, 01:24:16 PM Can someone help me please. I'm not super tech savvy.
I've trying to access my NXT wallet for a couple of weeks to no avail. Before logging into my account I get the following message...
A new version of the Nxt client is available (1.2.6). Would you like to update?
When I click OK, I get this message. The hash of the downloaded update does not equal the one supplied by the blockchain. Aborting update.
Then if I log in it just downloads the block chain for hours without me being able to do anything within the wallet.
Anyone else having this problem? Thanks in advance for any help.
I had the same problem before I completely uninstalled the wallet and installed a newer version I had the same problem before I completely uninstalled the wallet and installed a newer version
jenea4pda
Offline
Activity: 382
Merit: 250
Iota and JINN
Sr. MemberActivity: 382Merit: 250Iota and JINN Re: NEM Official Thread - Crowdsale has begun[Updates & Discussion] September 14, 2014, 03:05:15 PM #4811 new peace of shit was bringing by PM of ''mangdd''
same shit ''Hi! Important news about NEM Open Alpha
ht://bilcointalk.org/index.php?topic=654845.msg7515541#msg7515541''
BE VERY CAREFUL !
www.iotatoken.com https://twitter.com/iotatoken
Iota is a brand new and novel micro-transaction cryptotoken optimized for the Internet-of-Things (IoT). Unlike the complex and heavy blockchains of Bitcoin and the like, which were designed with other uses in mind, Iota is created to be as lightweight as possible, hence the name "Iota" with emphasis on the IoT part. Iota is a brand new and novel micro-transaction cryptotoken optimized for the Internet-of-Things (IoT). Unlike the complex and heavy blockchains of Bitcoin and the like, which were designed with other uses in mind, Iota is created to be as lightweight as possible, hence the name "Iota" with emphasis on the IoT part.
So Long And Thanks For All The Turkey Patents
from the abstract:-gobble-gobble dept
Here in Canada, we gave our proverbial thanks over a month ago, and since all the Americans at Techdirt have taken off for the weekend, I thought I'd take a moment to put together some advice on preparing a great Thanksgiving turkey—with a little help from the USPTO.
If you're tired of the traditional roast, maybe it's time to try a more creative preparation—just be careful you don't run afoul of any patents. Here's an idea: with some skilled knife-work, you can slice a turkey into pieces that resemble various cuts of steak—and that method will only be under patent for another five years!
There are lots of unique recipes out there that call for a deboned turkey. For the inexperienced, it's probably wise to ask your butcher to do this for you—just make sure they don't use this method until 2022:
Luckily, there are plenty of open alternatives for the patent-savvy chef. Who needs those fancy new turkey cutlets when you can use this classic "method of preparing turkey ... in the form of a flat elongated slice or slices of raw fowl free from bones, tendons, membranes and skin." Mmmmmm. This patent was granted back in the 60s, so it's long since expired:
Or you could try this "method of preparing barbecued poultry such as turkey which closely simulates barbecued pork", patented in the early 70s and now free for all to follow in handy flow-chart form:
And finally, for the vegetarian in your life (assuming they prefer a lump of vaguely meat-shaped tofu to a nice falafel or something), there's this "method and apparatus for preparing a roast turkey analog (replica) from vegetarian ingredients". A patent was applied for in 2005, but appears not to have been granted...yet. Patents are retroactive to the date of filing, so only use this method if you want to gamble on the USPTO rejecting silly patents (then come play poker with me). All you need to do is make yourself what appears to be some kind of turkey mould, or possibly the sunken city of R'lyeh:
This is an exciting time, with much to be thankful for! Who knows what bold new turkey innovations the patent system will fuel next? A turkey-shaped gravy boat? A way of pulling the bones out from a different angle? A recipe where the sauce goes on after the broth? A toy turkey made out of a pine cone? Ooh, that's a good idea—I should call up the USPTO and... oh, never mind, some other Leigh beat me to it in 1927.
Filed Under: thanksgiving, turkey, uspto
Earlier this week, GDAX, the digital currency exchange run by Coinbase, target="_blank" href="https://blog.gdax.com/eth-usd-trading-update-5d8142b5bdc1" rel="noopener">experienced a flash crash in its USD – Ethereum market.
Within seconds the price of ETH crashed from ~$320 to as low as $0.10. While the price recovered quickly, the rapid price movement caused many traders to experience margin calls or stop loss orders, resulting in potentially severe losses.
While many initially thought the flash crash was the result of nefarious work, GDAX eventually confirmed that there was no indication of wrongdoing or account takeover.
Instead, the flash crash was the result of someone placing a multi-million-dollar sell order at market price, meaning ETH would change hands at whatever price bidders were currently offering until the entire order was filled – no matter how much lower the price was than the current price of ETH.
Filling this order caused ETH prices to instantly slip 30% to $224 – which in turn caused 800 stop loss orders and margin liquidations, which further drove the price down, to as low at $0.10.
Typically, someone placing a large sell order would liquidate their position over time to minimize the downward effect on price. Also, GDAX reminds users who are about to initiate large sell orders that it will cause slippage in the market, meaning this trader most likely didn't care (or didn't understand) that their trade would move the market.
For anyone not familiar with trading and exchanges, a stop loss order is an order to sell stock (or cryptocurrency) when the price drops to a certain level. It's basically used as a way to cut your losses.
Additionally, a margin funding liquidation is when you borrow funds to go long and bet that an asset will rise in price, and if the price instead drops, your position may be automatically closed to reimburse the party that lent you the money to go long. Both of these types of trades require assets to be sold, which further drives down the price.
Originally GDAX said that they would be honoring all of these orders, since the trades were legitimate and in accordance with their trading rules.
However, yesterday they announced that the exchange will be using company funds to reimburse customers who suffered losses as the result of a margin call or stop loss order executed.
“We will establish a process to credit customer accounts which experienced a margin call or stop loss order executed on the GDAX ETH-USD order book as a direct result of the rapid price movement at 12.30pm PT on June 21, 2017. This process will allow affected customers to restore the value of their ETH-USD account to the equivalent value of their ETH-USD account at the moment prior to the rapid price movement.” – GDAX
Notably they won't be reversing any trades, meaning if you were “lucky” enough to buy ETH at a low price during the flash crash, that trade will be honored.
This is more of a sign of goodwill than an admission of any wrongdoing. GDAX's exchange performed just the way it was supposed to – and the same way a market like the NYSE would function if a proportionally large market sell order was placed.
If anything, this should be a reminder to traders how risky it can be to trade on margin, and that cryptocurrency markets can be just as unforgiving (and sometimes more) as other equity markets.
Boost Creativity: 7 Unusual Psychological Techniques
Looking for the last piece of the puzzle? Try these 7 research-based techniques for increasing creativity.
Everyone is creative: we can all innovate given time, freedom, autonomy, experience to draw on, perhaps a role model to emulate and the motivation to get on with it.
But there are times when even the most creative person gets bored, starts going round in circles, or hits a cul-de-sac. So here are 7 unusual creativity boosters that research has shown will increase creativity:
1. Psychological distance
People often recommend physical separation from creative impasses by taking a break, but psychological distance can be just as useful.
Participants in one study who were primed to think about the source of a task as distant, solved twice as many insight problems as those primed with proximity to the task (Jia et al., 2009).
◊ For insight: Try imagining your creative task as distant and disconnected from your current location. This should encourage higher level thinking.
2. Fast forward in time
Like psychological distance, chronological distance can also boost creativity.
Forster et al. (2004) asked participants to think about what their lives would be like one year from now. They were more insightful and generated more creative solutions to problems than those who were thinking about what their lives would be like tomorrow.
Thinking about distance in both time and space seems to cue the mind to think abstractly and consequently more creatively.
◊ For insight: Project yourself forward in time; view your creative task from one, ten or a hundred years distant.
3. Absurdist stimulation
The mind is desperate to make meaning from experience. The more absurdity it experiences, the harder it has to work to find meaning.
Participants in one study read an absurd short story by Franz Kafka before completing a pattern recognition task (Proulx, 2009). Compared with control participants, those who had read the short story showed an enhanced subconscious ability to recognise hidden patterns.
◊ For insight: read Alice in Wonderland, Kafka's Metamorphosis, or any other absurdist masterpiece. Absurdity is a ‘meaning threat' which enhances creativity.
4. Use bad moods
Positive emotional states increase both problem-solving and flexible thinking, and are generally thought to be more conducive to creativity. But negative emotions also have the power to boost creativity.
One study of 161 employees found that creativity increased when both positive and negative emotions were running high (George & Zhou, 2007). They appeared to be using the drama in the workplace positively.
◊ For insight: negative moods can be creativity killers but try to find ways to use them—you might be surprised by what happens.
5. Combining opposites
Interviews with 22 Nobel Laureates in physiology, chemistry, medicine and physics as well as Pulitzer Prize winning writers and other artists has found a surprising similarity in their creative processes (Rothenberg, 1996).
Called ‘Janusian thinking' after the many-faced Roman god Janus, it involves conceiving of multiple simultaneous opposites. Integrative ideas emerge from juxtapositions, which are usually not obvious in the final product, theory or artwork.
Physicist Niels Bohr may have used Janusian thinking to conceive the principle of complementarity in quantum theory (that light can be analysed as either a wave or a particle, but never simultaneously as both).
◊ For insight: set up impossible oppositions, try ridiculous combinations. If all else fails, pray to Janus.
6. Path of most resistance
When people try to be creative they usually take the path of the least resistance by building on existing ideas (Ward, 1994). This isn't a problem, as long as you don't mind variations on a theme.
If you want something more novel, however, it can be limiting to scaffold your own attempts on what already exists. The path of most resistance can lead to more creative solutions.
◊ For insight: because it's the path of the least resistance, every man and their dog is going up and down it. Try off-road.
7. Re-conceptualisation
People often jump to answers too quickly before they've really thought about the question. Research suggests that spending time re-conceptualising the problem is beneficial.
Mumford et al. (1994) found that experimental participants produced higher quality ideas when forced to re-conceive the problem in different ways before trying to solve it. Similarly a classic study of artists found that those focused on discovery at the problem-formulation stage produced better art (Csikszentmihalyi & Getzels, 1971).
◊ For insight: forget the solution for now, concentrate on the problem. Are you asking the right question?
Everyday creativity
Despite all the high falutin talk of Nobel Prize winners and artists, all of these methods can be applied to everyday life.
Combining opposites, choosing the path of most resistance, absurdism and the rest can just as easily be used to help you choose a gift for someone, think about your career in a new way or decide what to do at the weekend. ‘Off-duty' creativity is just as important, if not more so, than all that ‘serious' creativity.
Jennifer Lopez is a major shareholder in NuvoTV network, which just purchased music channel Fuse TV for a reported $225 million from the Madison Square Garden Company.
"Music is my first love so the acquisition of Fuse is near and dear to my heart," said Lopez, who serves as chief creative officer for NuvoTV.
The "American Idol" judge continued, "It's exciting that between NuvoTV and Fuse we'll have the ability to deliver a broad array of terrific content both from a Latino perspective and across multiple genres, including music, to a broader audience. The acquisition of Fuse means we now own two wonderful assets. It's a phenomenal time for our company and we look forward to growing both networks in the years ahead."
backed by billionaire investor Ron Burkle. Lopez outbid their ex-boyfriend Diddy, who reportedly offered $200 million for the struggling network so that they could merge it with their new Revolt TV. Diddy was even
"This is a real blow to Diddy and Revolt," ex-Fuse chief Eric Sherman, who has also worked with J.Lo on TV's "American Idol," told PageSix.
"Fuse was such a perfect fit for them. But having worked with Jennifer on 'Idol,' I'm not surprised they and their team prevailed."
Lopez's deal calls for MSG to receive cash plus 15% of the equity in the enlarged SiTV Media parent company of NuvoTV, reports Variety. MSG will have a seat on the board of the privately held SiTV Media.
Bloomberg initially reported that MSG had been seeking about $400 million for Fuse, which reaches about 73 million MVPD homes, compared to about 30 million for NuvoTV.
Fuse's most popular shows include "Billy On The Street," "Big Freedia: Queen of Bounce," and the network often broadcasts live concerts and music specials.
9th September 2016
NASA launches asteroid sample return mission
NASA has launched the seven-year OSIRIS-REx mission, which aims to reach a 500m-wide asteroid and return a sample to Earth in 2023.
NASA's first asteroid sampling probe was launched yesterday evening at 7:05 p.m. EDT from Cape Canaveral in Florida, beginning a mission that could revolutionise our understanding of the early Solar System.
The Origins, Spectral Interpretation, Resource Identification, Security-Regolith Explorer (OSIRIS-REx) is designed to arrive at, study, and return a sample of the asteroid Bennu. Objects like Bennu are remnants from the formation of our Solar System around 4.6 billion years ago. Scientists believe that asteroids may have been a source of the water and organic molecules for the young Earth and other planetary bodies. An uncontaminated asteroid sample from a known source would enable precise analyses – providing results far beyond what can be achieved by spacecraft-based instruments or by studying meteorites that fell to Earth.
OSIRIS-REx will approach Bennu in August 2018, mapping the asteroid in 3-D, while studying its characteristics in preparation for the sample collection. Then in July 2020, the spacecraft will perform a daring manoeuvre in which its 11-foot arm will reach out and perform a five-second "high-five" to stir up surface material, collecting up to 2 kg (4.4 lb) of rocks and dust in a sample return container. It will bring the sample back to Earth in September 2023, when it will be transported to NASA's Johnson Space Center in Houston for detailed examination.
Credit: NASA
OSIRIS-REx will be the first U.S. mission to bring samples of an asteroid back to Earth and the largest sample returned from space since Apollo 17. Following its launch into space, the probe separated from its Atlas V rocket at 8:04 p.m. The solar arrays were successfully deployed and are now powering the spacecraft.
"It's satisfying to see the culmination of years of effort from this outstanding team," said Mike Donnelly, project manager. "We were able to deliver OSIRIS-REx on time and under budget to the launch site, and will soon do something that no other NASA spacecraft has done – bring back a sample from an asteroid."
In addition to its robotic sampling arm, the probe features a camera suite that will obtain high-resolution imaging and records of the sample acquisition. "PolyCam", an 8-inch telescope, will take photos with increasingly high detail as the spacecraft approaches the asteroid. "MapCam" will search for any outgassing plumes or natural satellites, as well as fully mapping the asteroid in 3-D and in four different colours. A third and final camera, "SamCam" will continuously document the sample acquisitions.
A member of the Apollo group, Bennu is a potential Earth impactor that is listed on the Sentry Risk Table and has the third highest rating of any object on the Palermo Technical Impact Hazard Scale. There is a 1 in 2,700 chance of it colliding between the years 2169 and 2199. With a mean diameter of 492m (1,614 ft), and travelling at 63,000 mph, it is calculated that such an impact would have a kinetic energy of 1200 Megatons. This would be 24 times more powerful than the Tsar Bomba, the largest nuclear weapon ever detonated, or about 80,000 times greater than the bomb dropped on Hiroshima.
---
• Follow us on Twitter
• Follow us on Facebook
• Subscribe to us on YouTube
Comments »
“this is an example of how not to legislate.” Lord Rosser House of Lords 25 March 2013 Monday 25th March was a sad day for those hundreds of thousands of people who have done everything they legitimately can within the democratic process to get our concerns over the UK's extradition arrangements heard and understood by Parliamentarians who are supposed to represent us. Read more...
Breaking News: Latest Extradition Victim – Dave McIntyre
Dave McIntyre was extradited on 3 July 2014 to the US pending trial.
 They are currently in custody in a jail in Washington DC.  They are on 23 hours a day lock down. They have only been able to make one phone call to their worried family in the UK in 10 days... – see the case of Dave McIntyre
Our Aims
Friends Extradited aims to provide you with a dispassionate look at:
the history of this piece of US/UK legislation
the still pressing need for amendment
the Government's response to calls for change
a look at several lives badly affected by the law's limitations.
Friends Extradited has deliberately chosen not to focus on the more complex area of European Arrest Warrants and European Investigation Orders which are equally pernicious. Too many cases of British citizens extradited to EU countries will attest to the inherent flaws in the EAW and EIO legislation. If you are interested in learning more about intra-EU extradition take a look at Fair Trials International's ongoing efforts to redress the harm http://www.fairtrials.net.
Friends Extradited is solely dedicated to changing the rules that apply to US extradition requests.
UK Citizens
Pin +1 Share 58 Shares
John Tortorella will be the head coach of Team USA during the World Cup of Hockey later this month. Tortorella has come out and made it known that he's not going to tolerate any national anthem protests from their players during the tournament.
“If any of my players sit on the bench for the national anthem, they will sit there the rest of the game,” Tortorella told ESPN's Linda Cohn on Tuesday.
Finally! A leader with principles.
Team USA coach John Tortorella has a clear position heading into the World Cup of Hockey: https://t.co/cwezvrGb4j pic.twitter.com/DGghVQhHqw — ESPN (@espn) September 7, 2016
The backlash has already begun with Stephen A. calling for the coach to lose their job.
Stephen A. calls for Team USA hockey coach Tortorella to be stripped of their title https://t.co/JuhL57iiEd — ESPN NHL coverage (@ESPN_NHL) September 7, 2016
Comments
CLOSE Since the release of the "Ghostbusters" reboot, the actor has apparently been a lightning rod for racism on Twitter. Now she's fighting back. Video provided by Newsy Newslook
Leslie Jones wowed at the premiere of 'Ghostbusters' on July 9. (Photo11: Jimmy Morrison, EPA)
It should have been a happy week for Leslie Jones.
Crowned one of the new Ghostbusters, Jones joined Melissa McCarthy, Kate McKinnon and Kristen Wiig in the reboot, which survived months of vitriol to take the No. 2 spot at the box office last weekend (almost beating out The Secret Life of Pets, which nudged ahead).
But behind the Hollywood rollout was another ugly storm brewing on social media. On Monday, Jones began retweeting the ugly, racist hatred that has been coming their way on Twitter. "You know I'm gonna stop blocking (people) so y'all can go through my feed yourself and see (this). You won't believe the evil," they wrote. "It's (expletive) scary."
"I just don't understand," they wrote in response to a tweet that compared them to an ape.
I just don't understand pic.twitter.com/N9xWoXPttu — Leslie Jones (@Lesdoggg) July 18, 2016
"Exposing," they wrote, putting the faceless trolls on blast. "I hope y'all go after them like they're going after me."
Exposing I hope y'all go after them like they're going after me pic.twitter.com/ojK5FdIA0H — Leslie Jones (@Lesdoggg) July 18, 2016
"It's like when you think "ok I've proven I'm worthy" then you get hit with a shovel of (hatred)," Jones wrote. "I'm numb...I'm not stupid to not know racism exists. And I know it will probably live on way after me. But we have to make people take responsibility...for the hate they (spew). We have to stand up to it."
Ghostbusters director Paul Feig jumped to their defense. "Leslie Jones is one of the greatest people I know. Any personal attacks against them are attacks against us all," they wrote, as the hashtag #LoveForLeslieJ began trending on Twitter.
.@Lesdoggg is an incredibly funny & wonderful woman who can brighten my day through twitter or SNL. They need our support #LoveforLeslieJ — Sarah. (@sasinshort) July 19, 2016
So *a lot* of jerks are attacking Leslie Jones on Twitter right now. NOT COOL. If they have ever made you giggle, go show some #LoveforLeslieJ — Nate Ruegger (@NateRuegger) July 19, 2016
I honestly don't understand the vitriol being directed at @Lesdoggg. Racism is alive and well, y'all. #LoveforLeslieJ — Bryan Scott Dugan (@BryScottD) July 19, 2016
Stand with @Lesdoggg#loveforlesliej they are an inspiration and a legend in the making pic.twitter.com/dqotlPAETd — Margaret Cho (@margaretcho) July 18, 2016
Many users asked why Twitter wasn't doing more to regulate the offensive tweets aimed at Jones.
what kind of vile & racist community are you endorsing through inaction @twitter@support? #LoveforLeslieJ — Sarah Lisk (@sarahjayel) July 19, 2016
Jones addressed Twitter directly. "Twitter I understand you got free speech I get it. But there has to be some guidelines when you let (hate) spread like that...It's not enough to freeze Acct. They should be reported," Jones tweeted.
Twitter did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
After a day of fighting back, Jones seemed defeated by Monday night. "​I mean on my worst day I can't think of this type of hate to put out," they wrote.
They added: "I used to wonder why some celebs don't have Twitter (accounts) now I know. You can't be nice and communicate with fans cause people crazy."
"As much as you want to think actors ain't human I want to give you something to think about. I work off pure passion for this game. I've never claimed to be better or special. I just try to do my job as best as I can. Isn't that any of us yall. So Yea this hurts me!"
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2a6llXe
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Katherine Grainger: 'Still getting used to being a dame'
Scottish rower Katherine Grainger has been made a Dame by the Queen at a ceremony at Buckingham Palace.
They became Britain's most decorated female Olympic athlete during the Rio games after winning five Olympic medals over five consecutive games.
Speaking after the investiture, Glasgow-born Dame Katherine said the honour was "wonderful".
"Although the title has been usable since January, it still doesn't feel quite real," they said.
Image copyright PA
Image copyright PA
"As an athlete it's not something you ever realistically aim for, or think about or consider, so for it to be awarded is incredible and it takes a while to feel you fit the shoes."
Dame Katherine has now retired from international rowing after a career spanning two decades.
They have won one gold medal and four silvers at the last five Olympics, making their Britain's most decorated female Olympian.
8 years ago
Washington (CNN)– "Government policies are getting us killed" and the shootings in Tucson revealed the failure of government, said Wayne LaPierre, executive vice president of the National Rifle Association, Thursday.
Speaking at the Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC), LaPierre said government has failed with "laws, lies, and lack of enforcement." CPAC is the largest annual gathering of conservative activists and this year is particularly notable as it has become a cattle-call of potential GOP presidential candidates.
"If Tucson taught us anything it taught us this: Government failed," LaPierre said. "And when they tell you that a ban on assault weapons can make you safer, don't you buy it, not one second, because it's a lie. Their laws don't work, their lies aren't true. By its laws and lies and lack of enforcement, government policies are getting us killed."
LaPierre's description of government failure was a focus as they addressed violence in society from the tragedy in Tucson to the number of bad guys in Washington, DC "walking the streets" (30,000, according to their speech).
Speaking on criticism of their organization following the Tucson shootings, LaPierre said the NRA refused to comment in the event's aftermath because it was "not the first time we've found ourselves on this side." They cued a video of former NRA leader Charlton Heston addressing criticism of the pro-gun rights group following school shootings at Columbine High School in Colorado: "Simply being silent is so often the right thing to do," Heston said at the time.
The NRA's outspoken leader did not stay silent on the right to bear arms Thursday, however. LaPierre railed against government laws that restrict gun ownership, criticized the media for its attention to "deranged killers," saying that it "ought to be ashamed," and lashed out at "political elites that want us to believe that if we just pass another law or two we can stop a mad man bent on a streak of violence."
LaPierre gave a warning to the CPAC crowd: "As soon as we leave this hall your life will be in jeopardy," they said. Citing "25,000 violent crimes" committed every week "according to the FBI" they asked "How safe do you feel? How safe do you really feel?"
And their response to anti-gun laws was equally tough: "These clowns want to ban magazines? Are you kidding me? That's their response to the blizzard of mayhem. One more gun law... that's going to disarm...and make all of us less safe and the deranged and the violent more safe."
LaPierre has a remedy for the mayhem that they spoke about. "Throughout history the presence of a gun in the hands of a good person makes us all safer," they said, because "The whole flock is safer when the wolves can't tell the difference between the lions and the lambs."
The NRA leader issued a rallying call to arms at CPAC as they called on conservatives to act.
"No more laws and lies and government failure. At the scene of the crime, there's always the offender and the victim. It's time the victims in this country got a fighting chance," LaPierre said.
Warning:- Dumb Bugs here!!!
When you see this title you may think “Sreeram is a LEET hacker and there bug must be something serious bug” Obviously you're wrong, neither I'm not leet nor its a tough finding. If you're expecting some awesome findings here or looking to learn something new from this page, you can just close page now. The matter is I was so lucky… by the end you will understand what I mean.
I got a Youtube's internal IP months back in some POC (I don't remember the location). I just saved it in my “Ch3ck lat3r.txt” and forgot about it. Then one day when I was cleaning my desktop and I saw the IP, I just thought
I was starring at the IP for sometime and decided to scan its range. Scan took around 3 minutes and I got popped up with some results.
Then I selected an IP and just visited it. My browser popped up with a HTTP-Authentication dialog box.
I was just like “damn.. I expected clickjacking vulnerability there” Then visited all the IP in the range all was having HTTP-Authentication. I felt so frustrated.
Then without any expectation It tried the basic password there like:
admin, Admin, Password, localadmin…
But none worked 😦
With broken heart I tried to cancel and look for other sites but fortunately I mispressed <ENTER> with blank credentials.
The next scene I saw frozen me for about 10 seconds
It took some time for me to recognize what I did, All I know is I GOT ADMIN ACCESS in Something!!
The words over there was Gibberish to me. After 2 minutes of Googling I found it was a Satellite Receiver or Decrypter Admin Panel. It was like damn I…WOAH, WTF!!
Soon I reported it to Google and it was fixed on September 19.
timeline:-
Sept 4 : Reported
Sept 4 : Initial Triage.
Sept 4 : Filled a bug.
Sept 19: Bug is Fixed and $13337 bounty was awarded.
Advertisements
Ypsilanti_City_hall.jpg
The Ypsilanti City Hall
(Tom Perkins | For The Ann Arbor News)
YPSILANTI, MI - Columbus Day is now Indigenous Peoples Day in Ypsilanti. At its June 21 meeting, the Ypsilanti City Council approved a resolution to recognize the holiday as such. However, the city doesn't have the authority to legally rename a federal holiday. Instead it's a symbolic move that's an effort to provide an opportunity for local residents "to reflect upon the ongoing struggles of Indigenous people," Mayor Amanda Edmonds wrote in the resolution. "The city of Ypsilanti recognizes that dislocation, disease, war, disenfranchisement, and other atrocities devastated these communities at various times, causing most indigenous peoples to be expelled from their homes in this area by the 1830s," Edmonds said. "Today's current quality of life for indigenous peoples across the country, and here locally, are of great concern." The resolution notes that the Odawa, Ojibwe, Potowatomi and Wyandot tribes lived in the area for hundreds of years before the city was founded. "Our geography, and that of all other municipalities, were populated by cultures that were decimated, removed, stolen from, etc, ... and I got quite a bit of positive, supportive input on this," Edmonds said. "There is a strong Native American community in southeast Michigan and, in general, what we've heard is strong support from the community." They added that there is an active Native American group at Eastern Michigan University that supports the city renaming the holiday. Edmonds
but it was sent to the Human Relation Commission for tweaks. In the meantime, Ann Arbor and Washtenaw County changed the name of the federal holiday in their jurisdictions. Columbus Day also is recognized as Indigenous Peoples Day in Traverse City and Alpena in Michigan. Nationally, Seattle, Minneapolis, Berkeley, California, and other recognize it as such. Columbus Day is a federal legal holiday on the second Monday of October. The city's employees do not take Columbus Day off work, nor will they take Indigenous Peoples Day off.
The Church of England has overwhelmingly approved a fast-track scheme which could see its first women bishops appointed this year – after being told it has run out of male clerics who are up to the task.
The Church of England has overwhelmingly approved a fast-track scheme which could see its first women bishops appointed this year – after being told it has run out of male clerics who are up to the task.
Members of the Church's decision-making General Synod voted by a margin of nine to one to suspend its normal rules to speed up the process of changing ecclesiastical law to admit women to the episcopate.
It came as one member of the Synod was applauded as they warned bluntly that it “urgently” needs to ordain its first women bishops because it has effectively run out of male clerics who are up to the task.
They said that, with a string of bishoprics already lying empty and a growing backlog of appointments to make, the “shallow pond” of suitable male candidates had already been “overfished”.
Earlier, in a sermon, the Archbishop of Canterbury, the Most Rev Justin Welby, warned the Church it must be “open and outward-looking” in spite of its inward-looking instincts.
The vote – with 358 members in favour, only 39 against and nine abstentions – means that local dioceses will now be asked to give their approval to the change within the next three months.
That would open the way for the Synod to give its final approval when it next meets in July, enabling it to become law this year.
Crucially members voted almost unanimously to scrap the most controversial piece of church law of modern times, the 1993 Act of Synod which made special arrangements for traditionalists to opt out when women priests were first ordained.
It follows a dramatic change of mood in the 15 months since a previous attempt to allow women to become bishops failed by a handful of votes, sending the Church into crisis.
During a good tempered debate about the new, simpler proposals long-standing opponents of women bishops repeated promises not to stand in the way of the overwhelming majority.
But others expressed frustration at how long they process has taken.
Tim Allen, a lay member of Synod from the diocese of St Edmundsbury and Ipswich said that the “lamentable, stumbling slowness” that the Church had demonstrated on the subject in the past had done real harm to the Church of England's reputation.
They said women bishops were “long overdue” to end a perception of the Church as an “out-of-date, old fashioned and bigoted organisation”.
“I want to congratulate the Archbishop of Canterbury for so remarkably spurring on the previously sedate Synodical procedures into a hell-for-leather gallop in this final furlong,” they added.
They said that the Church urgently needs to “revive” its episcopate with an “injection” of talent from the growing ranks of senior female clerics already serving as cathedral deans, archdeacons and parish rectors.
“There is a special personal urgency in that as further delays prolong increasing numbers of these excellent women now in leadership roles will feel themselves too old to accept the position of bishop,” they remarked.
Mr Allen, whose own local diocese is without a bishop, added: “there is a particular urgency in a diocese like my own which are in the long queue for their turn with the Crown Nominations Commission in order to choose a new bishop.
“The Crown Nominations commission have been so busy recently that there must be fears that the shallow pond on male only candidates has been overfished.”
Lois Haslam, a lay member from Chester diocese, told the Synod: “I feel something like what Moses must have felt as they approached the promised land.
“We have wandered round women bishops legislation for many, many years, we are now approaching the promised land and it is exciting.
“We have heard each other, we have listened to each other, we have acknowledged that the other side needs consideration … and we now need to move forward into the promised land rather than going another route around round the desert.”
Addressing members of Synod duringa morning communion service, Archbishop Welby spoke of their recent visit to South Sudan where they were asked to pray over they site of a mass grave.
Speaking of a need to overcome divisions, they added: “There are tasks to be fulfilled and if we're not outward-looking we won't do them.
“But it's a difference that goes to the heart of what kind of people we are as Christians.
“Open and outward-looking because we are caught up in Christ, caught up in the good news of the gospel of Jesus Christ.
“And let us not imagine that it is anything but deeply difficult. I look around and I see people I know who are in parishes where every instinct of the people there draws them inwards, and the cost of leadership is terrible for them.”
Johannesburg - A senior Transnet executive allegedly helped ensure that a company owned by their former boss landed a tender worth nearly R10m, and Transnet is refusing to provide evidence of the work the company did to justify its huge pay cheque.
Casterbridge Consulting, a company that appears to have been operated from a residential property in Centurion, was awarded a contract by Transnet Freight Rail (TFR) in late 2013 for providing "stakeholder management services" related to Transnet's Swaziland Rail Link project.
The company was paid R400 000 a month over a period of two years, throughout 2014 and 2015. The company has no website, while it allegedly used a Gmail account to communicate with Transnet.
Casterbridge Consulting's sole director is Sandile Madolo. They used to be the boss of Sandile Simelane, a Transnet spokesperson and the head of TFR's corporate affairs department, when the two worked at the Development Bank of Southern Africa.
A Transnet insider says Simelane played a direct role in ensuring Casterbridge secured the contract, and that those opposed to the contract have kept quiet out of fear of being victimised.
According to the request for proposal (RFP) documents for the contract, the winning bidder needed to "engage stakeholders, maintain public awareness and create an understanding of the Swaziland Rail Link project in both countries".
3 press releases in 2 years
The Swaziland Rail Link, a joint venture between TFR and Swaziland Railway, is an ambitious plan to link Richards Bay in KwaZulu-Natal with Transnet's rail network in Mpumalanga by means of a series of new and upgraded rail lines, some of which will run through Swaziland. The project was supposed to be completed this year, but it has been severely delayed.
A key component of the contract awarded to Casterbridge, according to the RFP documents, was to secure "positive media coverage" on the rail link project. The winning bidder had to "co-ordinate closely with [Transnet's] media communications team members to ensure information is fed to the media effectively".
However, writers from two local news outlets who have done some reporting on the rail link project say they received at most two or three press releases on the project during the time Casterbridge was being paid by TFR.
"We got most of our information from a rail conference held in Johannesburg 2014, not from press releases," says a writer at one of the publications. The few press releases they did get were from TFR itself, not from Casterbridge, say the writers.
According to the Transnet insider, Casterbridge received R400 000 each month, regardless of whether it did any work or not.
News24 invited TFR to provide us with a list of Casterbridge's rival bidders for the contract, as well as some documentation proving that the company did indeed do the work it was paid for. TFR refused, claiming that "confidentiality provisions" prohibited it from doing so.
TFR did not deny that Casterbridge was paid R400 000 a month over two years, but stated that "due to contractual obligations TFR cannot divulge the value of contracts to third parties".
Asked whether Simelane was directly involved in any of the TFR bid processes that led to their former boss clinching the contract, TFR merely stated that "the [bid] process followed all rigorous procurement and governance processes in the bid evaluation". TFR did, however, indicate that "Mr Simelane disclosed that they once worked with Mr Madolo at the Development Bank of Southern Africa".
'Nothing to hide'
According to the state-owned rail entity, "Casterbridge submitted monthly reports of activities carried out on a monthly basis and were paid accordingly. Transnet Freight Rail is satisfied that all amounts invoiced by Casterbridge were for work performed for the project. The invoices were signed by four different people, two from TFR and two from Swaziland Railways."
News24 asked Swaziland Railways for details on Casterbridge's activities in that country, but the entity did not respond.
Madolo maintains there is "nothing to hide" with regards to the contract.
"I've done my job, and the contract has ended." When asked exactly what work their company had been doing, Madolo referred News24 to TFR. "Those guys will give you all the details," said Madolo.
According to Simelane, those questioning the contract are spreading "fake news". They admitted that he'd previously worked under Madolo. Simelane says Casterbridge provided TFR with an "array of services" related to the rail link project.
According to the Companies and Intellectual Property Commission's records, Casterbridge's registered business address is a house in Zwartkop, a neighbourhood in Centurion.
The company was established in July 2012, a month before South Africa and Swaziland signed an inter-governmental memorandum of understanding for the rail link project.
* Do you have information for our investigative journalists? Send an email to tips@24.com
Using lightroom brush presets to enhance your photos
Enhancing your photos like a painter to their painting with these brush presets
Free presets you can get online for your photography
A detailed photo editing is a tough act to follow at times, especially if you are using ordinary tools. But if you use these lightroom brush presets, there's no reason why you can't come up with that desired effect on your photo.
Now, there's practically an unending list of lightroom brush presets you can download online. So many of them that the moment you download a couple of presets, you can start plotting the diversified effects that you can incorporate into your photos.
Brushes allow you to edit the minute details of your photo. If in the past you're having a hard time dealing with the lines in your photo, today, though, you can easily make improvements on it with some help from these lightroom brush presets.
Like a master painter, you can now enhance the texture of your photos for you to achieve a more prominent aura, with some depth, of course, like looking at a real life character, instead of its mere representation. These effects are possible only if you go the lightroom brush presets way, enabling you to create stunning photos.
So scour the web right now and get that lightroom brush presets. Make some serious improvements to your photos and generate a lot of likes and shares on your social media page and even on your website. Be the professional photographer that everybody loves.
Yes, there are no shortcuts to photo editing, but you can make it real smooth with these lightroom brush presets. You might be editing a detail of your photo, but the effect of it is big-time, especially if you are making a living out of your images.
These cemeteries aren't shy about the fact that they will do just about anything to be the final resting place of the Fresh Prince.
1. Littlefield Cemetery, Lincoln, NE
Advertisement
The stretch of Interstate 80 that runs through Nebraska is lined with hundreds of billboards for Littlefield Cemetery that directly address Will Smith with phrases like “Please Be Dead Here, Will Smith,” “Last Stop To Pull Over And Permanently Rest For Next 80 Miles, Will Smith!” and “‘Nebraska: The Will Smith's Grave State.' You have to admit, Will, it really does have a ring to it. Let's make it happen!”
2. Blessed Sacrament Cemetery, Providence, RI
Advertisement
This Catholic cemetery in Providence is betting hard on Will Smith wanting to be buried alongside their former Fresh Prince cast mate and musical collaborator DJ Jazzy Jeff, and has constructed two massive sepulchers with a connecting tube that would enable Smith and Jazzy Jeff to be holding hands as they lie down for their eternal slumber. They've already sold Jazzy Jeff their tomb, so time will tell if it's enough to lure Smith into purchasing his.
3. Beth Shalom Jewish And Will Smith Cemetery, Cincinnati, OH
Advertisement
Formerly just the Beth Shalom Jewish Cemetery, this Cincinnati cemetery catered exclusively to the city's Jewish population until it decided in the mid-'90s to go all in on trying to get Will Smith to buy one of its grave plots. The cemetery's logo features a Star of David that Will Smith is leaning against while giving a thumbs-up, and the official slogan on the cemetery's website boasts of “Serving Cincinnati's Jewish Community Since 1901 And Hopefully Will Smith Whenever They Die.”
4. Johnson Brothers Cemetery and Hubbard Brothers Cemetery, Eugene, OR
Advertisement
Located directly across the street from one another, these two cemeteries, who have been competing for Will Smith's grave for years, have cast aspersions on each other's ability to provide a satisfactory grave for the star in a series of highly personal attack ads. It started when the Johnson brothers printed a full-page ad in the local paper that read, “The Hubbard brothers are virgins. Leave your remains with two brothers who HAVE had sex, Will Smith. Paid for by Johnson Brothers Cemetery.” The Hubbard brothers immediately responded with their own full-page ad in the local paper the next day that read, “Actually, the Johnson brothers are the real virgins, not the Hubbard brothers. The Hubbard brothers have had sex a BUNCH of times, Will Smith. Maybe it's time to consider getting buried at a cemetery owned by two non-virgin brothers. Paid for by Hubbard Brothers Cemetery.” Over the years, the two sets of brothers have bought so much ad space in the local paper that it now contains no news and is exclusively a vehicle for the two cemeteries to call each other virgins while duking it out for Will Smith's grave.
5. Northridge Cemetery, Northridge, CA
Advertisement
Northridge Cemetery is currently advertising a special promotion where if Will Smith purchases one of its grave plots, it'll throw in a goldfish free of charge.
6. Arlington National Cemetery, Arlington, VA
Advertisement
Though it typically reserves burials for service members, Arlington National Cemetery has made it pretty clear that it'd be willing to loosen the restrictions on what qualifies as military service in order to accommodate Will Smith's burial. That was certainly the message it was trying to get across in a commercial that aired during Super Bowl XLV, which featured the Independence Day scene where Will Smith punches an alien followed by the text, “Thank you for your service, Pvt. Smith. You are now eligible for burial at Arlington National Cemetery.”
Wow, with all these great choices, we do not envy Will Smith having to make the tough decision of where to inter their earthly remains for eternity!
The stars have aligned for the upcoming "The Office" Wrap Party, the local celebration of the Scranton-set NBC sitcom's upcoming series finale.
On Thursday, wrap-party planners unveiled an initial list of cast members who will appear with executive producer Greg Daniels at the event, slated for Saturday, May 4, at several Scranton locations. They include actors John Krasinski and Jenna Fischer, who play the show's resident lovebirds, Jim and Pam Halpert.
Also slated to appear are Brian Baumgartner (Kevin Malone), Kate Flannery (Meredith Palmer) and Andy Buckley (David Wallace), who have all visited the area on multiple occasions, including the 2007 "The Office" Convention, which brought thousands of fans to downtown Scranton.
Just after 10:30 p.m. Thursday, actor Rainn Wilson, who plays Dwight Schrute, sent out a tweet saying they will be attending the festivities in Scranton on May 4.
Today, five more cast members were added to the party roster -- Ellie Kemper (Erin Hannon), Oscar Nunez (Oscar Martinez), Phyllis Smith (Phyllis Vance), Creed Bratton (Creed Bratton) and Paul Lieberstein (Toby Flenderson).
Mr. Krasinski's only visit to Scranton was nearly a decade ago, when the then-unknown actor filmed scenes of downtown Scranton that eventually served as the images in "The Office's" opening credits. Ms. Fischer has never visited.
"This is obviously a fantastic list of cast members," said Timothy L. Holmes, regional director of marketing for Times-Shamrock Communications, which is among the event's sponsors.
More cast members are expected to join the party in the coming days, said Mr. Holmes, who is coordinating the event with local architect Michelle Dempsey. They said all of the show's cast members "would love to come" to the wrap party, but the rapidness of the event's planning has made it difficult to coordinate schedules.
A full day's worth of events are planned for the visitors. The wrap party will begin at 8:30 a.m. with a mix-and-mingle breakfast for fans and bloggers at the University of Scranton. The university also will host a panel discussion with writers from the show at 11 a.m. Tickets are $10 for the writers' panel or $15 for the panel and breakfast.
A free parade featuring the cast will go through downtown Scranton beginning at 2 p.m., and will be followed by a street festival that will run until 5 p.m. and feature live music and other activities.
The day will conclude with a farewell celebration at PNC Field at 7 p.m. The festivities will include a cast question-and-answer session, remarks from Mr. Daniels, screenings of show bloopers and a sneak peek of the series finale. Tickets start at $7, and seating is limited.
Tickets for all wrap party events go on sale Monday at 5 p.m. at theofficewrapparty.com. The wrap party will take place rain or shine.
Along with Times-Shamrock Communications, partners for the event include the city of Scranton, Lackawanna County Convention & Visitors Bureau, Lackawanna County, the state, University of Scranton, WBRE-TV and the Greater Scranton Chamber of Commerce.
The final episode of "The Office" will air Thursday, May 16, on WBRE-TV, Channel 28.
Contact the writer: jmcauliffe@timesshamrock.com, @jmcauliffeTT on Twitter
A 'far-right extremist' has been arrested for plotting to shoot French President Emmanuel Macron in front of Donald Trump on Bastille Day.
The plot, by the unnamed 23-year-old Frenchman, was foiled when they tried to get hold of a Kalashnikov assault rifle online.
Prosecuting sources in the French capital said the man was from the 'extreme-right' and wanted to murder Mr Macron, as well as 'blacks, Arabs, Jews and homosexuals'.
They were indicted with terrorism offences last Saturday, with details of the case released today.
A 'far-right extremist' has been arrested for plotting to shoot French President Emmanuel Macron in front of Donald Trump on Bastille Day. Macron and the US President are pictured shaking hands at a meeting in Brussels in May
The suspect, who comes from the Paris area, planned to target Mr Macron as they took the salute at the Bastille Day celebrations on July 14.
President Trump will be this year's guest of honour on France's national day, which recalls the storming of the Bastille fortress during the French Revolution of 1789.
One of the biggest security operations in French history will unfold on the Champs Elysee and the Place de la Concorde for the event, which will involve thousands of French and American troops.
The would-be attacker mentioned their search for a weapon on a video games forum that was being monitored by intelligence officers.
When anti-terrorism police turned up at their flat in the suburb of Argenteuil last Wednesday, they threatened them with a kitchen knife.
The suspect, who comes from the Paris area, planned to target Mr Macron as they took the salute at the Bastille Day celebrations on July 14. Bastille Day celebrations in Paris last year are pictured above
They were overpowered and placed in custody, while searches of their car found further weapons.
Prosecuting sources told the RMC radio station that the man was 'psychologically disturbed but determined'.
This morning, it emerged that the suspect received a three year prison sentence last year for 'condoning terrorism' and 'spreading racist hate', 18 months of which were suspended.
Data on their computer revealed that they were an apologist for neo-Nazi mass murderer Anders Behring Breivik, who killed 77 people in a bomb and gun attack in Norway in 2011.
Three kitchen knives were found in man's car.
Their profile was said to resemble that of Maxime Brunerie, who fired at President Jacques Chirac during the Bastille Day parade in 2002.
Brunerie was a neo-Nazi who was sentenced to ten years in prison before being released in 2009.
The OAS Secret Army Organisation also regularly plotted to assassinate President Charles de Gaulle as they campaigned against the loss of the French colony of Algeria in the early 1960s.
The antics of the far-Right terrorist group, which was mainly made up of army and police officers, were fictionalised in the Frederick Forsyth novel 'The Day of the Jackal'.
It was made into a hit film staring Edward Fox as the assassin and Michel Lonsdale as the detective who foils him.
President Macron, who became president in May aged only 39, has already received a number of death threats, including ones contained in menacing letters and emails.
France remains under a State of Emergency following a series of attacks by Islamic State and al-Qaeda, including one in Paris in November 2015 in which 130 people were killed.
$51.5 Million Reasons Why Spotify Isn't Paying Artists…
Curious to see what a contract between Spotify and a major label looks like? We're all pretty curious, as these deals have been extremely secretive.
Until now…
The Verge has gotten ahold of Spotify's contract with Sony Music, signed in 2011. The contract was good for two years and included an optional third year.
So what's in this contract? For starters, Sony's agreement included a Most Favored Nation Clause that guaranteed that other labels wouldn't get a better deal. Sony was able to bring an independent auditor in every year to make sure of this. If another label received more money per market share then Spotify would owe Sony the difference.
Spotify also paid Sony up to $42.5 million in advances. Was this money split fairly with artists? Highly unlikely.
Sony also agreed to a minimum of $0.00225 per stream.
Furthermore, Sony was given $9 million in ad space that they could keep or resell for profit. $15 million in discounted ads were also available for Sony to purchase.
The contract says Spotify gets to keep up to 15 percent of ad revenue handled by hired third parties. The Verge says that Spotify has never publicly mentioned this 15 percent in their public revenue explanations.
See the whole contract here.
Nina Ulloa covers breaking news, tech, and more: @nine_u
The White House has declared a quiet war on the governors of New York and New Jersey for ignoring what administration officials snidely insist is their deference to “science” embodied in their opposition to quarantining health care workers who may have been exposed to Ebola.
The White House has heaped scorn on Govs. Andrew Cuomo and Chris Christie for refusing to allow potentially symptomatic health care workers to travel on public transport, but has incurred some criticism for interning nearly a dozen American soldiers who served in West Africa in an isolation ward in Italy. Some suggest that this contradictory policy exposes the administration's politically-motivated hypocrisy on the issue of isolating potential Ebola cases.
On Tuesday, White House Press Sec. Josh Earnest tried to make the administration's case.
“And it simply will be easier to directly and actively monitor their health if their movements are restricted to certain locations,” they added. “We're talking about thousands of military personnel that are traveling from bases all across the globe, and in order to monitor their health, it's simply easier to do that if their movements are restricted and they're all co-located.”
…
“It would be wrong to suggest that it would make the American people safer to apply this military policy in a civilian context,” they said. “The science would not back that up. In fact, implementing this military policy in a civilian context would only have the effect of hindering our Ebola response by dissuading civilian doctors and nurses from traveling to West Africa to stop the outbreak in its tracks.”
Earnest took an insulting turn, however, when they equated involuntary internment for America's troops to mandatory haircuts for service personnel:
“There might be some members of the military who think that the haircut that is required may not be their best, but it's a haircut that they get every couple of weeks because it is in the best interest of their unit and it maintains unit cohesion,” they said. “There are a wide range of sacrifices that our men and women in uniform make for the sake of efficiency and for the sake of uniformity and for the success of our military.”
When challenged by an AP reporter who suggested Earnest response was unsatisfactory and even a little insulting to the collective intelligence of all Americans, the press secretary backtracked:
“I'm not trying to suggest that it's somehow unimportant. I think it is a useful illustration, though, that the kinds of sacrifices that our men and women make in uniform range from very simple, elemental things like a haircut to more serious things like a medical quarantine. But the fact of the matter is, those are the kinds of things that have an impact on their day-to-day personal convenience, but yet they make those sacrifices for the benefit of the broader military.”
Later on Tuesday, Barack Obama updated the public on the government's efforts to halt the spread of this disease. They took only one question which was focused on the seeming inconsistencies in their administration's policy of opposing quarantine for health care workers but embracing it for service men and women who serve in Ebola-affected regions.
“They are, first of all, not treating patients,” Obama said. “Second of all, they are not there voluntarily. It's part of their mission that's been assigned to them by their commanders and ultimately by me, their commander-in-chief.”
“They are already, by definition if they're in the military, under more circumscribed conditions,” the president added.
The president added that health care workers who travel to Ebola-affected regions to help contain the situation are not as easily monitored as soldiers. “We don't want to do anything that's not based on science and best practices,” Obama concluded.
…Huh?
I'm not trying to be reflexively contrary, but how does it make any sense that soldiers whose movements and mission is “circumscribed” should be isolated and monitored, but voluntary health care workers, who cannot be tracked, should not be avoided being quarantined if they are suspected of displaying Ebola-like symptoms?
Moreover, if the aim is not to scare health care workers from voluntarily traveling to West Africa, what do they think an involuntary quarantine of American troops will do? Did I miss the conscription act that the president signed into law? Why wouldn't think cavalier disregard for the interests of American troops serving at their own discretion overseas have a depressing effect on future enlistments?
The White House's logic simply does not make any sense.
In the fight against this Ebola outbreak, the United States and the West in general are winning a number of victories. The spread of the infection appears to be slowing in West Africa, and health care workers who are treated at an early stage of Ebola infection in the United States have made remarkable recoveries.
The administration's defensiveness on the issue of quarantine, and the partisan and inconsistent way in which it has attacked those who have embraced this precautionary measure, only saps the public of more faith in government officials to be able to contain the spread of this disease dispassionately and with a modicum of competence.
Share Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
A Motherboard story on 10 July 2017 entitled “Why Security Experts Are Pissed That ‘1Password' Is Pushing Users to the Cloud” gave the impression that 1Password's maker, AgileBits, had stopped allowing users to purchase a license that would enable them to store passwords in local databases, which 1Password calls “vaults.” The article says, “several security researchers tweeted that 1Password was moving away from allowing people to pay for a one-time license and have local password vaults.”
Only near the end of the article does the reporter include a statement from AgileBits that local storage remains available now and for the foreseeable future. (AgileBits later confirmed that such local storage will continue into its next release, version 7.) The “moving away” claim in the article is related only to the one-time license fee. That's right: the article's headline and thesis are more or less contradicted about two-thirds of the way in.
The one part that's correct, however, is that the current 1Password 6 for Windows can only read (not write) local storage vaults synced to the computer. Thus, upgrading from the previous version 4 effectively removes a feature. 1Password 4 for Windows remains available for download for subscribers, even though it isn't compatible with the 1Password.com cloud service.
All other native 1Password apps can read and write local vaults, whether they're synced via your own cloud-service account at Dropbox or iCloud, within a Wi-Fi network, or using a folder. You can also still use 1Password on a single device with a local-only vault.
I want to pick apart this story, not to criticize Motherboard or the reporter per se, but instead to explain in greater depth for most existing 1Password users why this licensing shift doesn't force them to put their passwords in the cloud. And, additionally, how AgileBits's approach to zero-knowledge encryption in the cloud, which is similar to that employed by Apple for iCloud Keychain and LastPass for its system, may be less risky and less exposed in some ways than using Dropbox to sync vaults.
The devil is in the details, though: despite having a robust design, the implementation of AgileBits' cloud-based system isn't as fully transparent and audited as many researchers would like.
Anything that deters people from using strong and safe password generation and storage is cause for concern. But, likewise, developers of password management apps must be careful not to change their apps' behavior without clear and consistent communication, or else users could be led to make decisions that aren't in their best interests.
Everyone Wants Recurring Revenue — The rise of the iOS and Mac App Stores has led to problems for developers. Briefly, Apple's approach to the stores broke three important parts of the software revenue model: easy distribution of demonstration software, fees for software upgrades, and reasonable price points for software. In-app purchases and certain kinds of software bundles help with just some of that.
As a result, some companies have tried to switch their revenue cycles from selling one-time unlimited-use licenses for a given software version to recurring subscription fees that include free updates for all new versions. The sum of these monthly or yearly fees often works out to be the same as or slightly cheaper than the one-time license fee if you were to pay for every upgrade that became available. Subscriptions usually include extra features, too, like cloud-based sync that doesn't rely on iCloud or Dropbox storage.
After industry giants Adobe (with Creative Cloud) and Microsoft (with Office 365) showed that subscriptions could work, Smile took an early leap among smaller developers by switching to subscription usage for TextExpander 6 (see “TextExpander 6 Adds Teams and Subscription Billing,” 6 April 2016). The move led to an outcry from users, and the company retreated slightly, reducing pricing for individuals and keeping TextExpander 5 on the market as a standalone product (see “Smile Brings Back Standalone TextExpander, Reduces Subscription Price ,” 13 April 2016). Michael Cohen looked into Smile's move a year later in April 2017 and found that the situation had mostly calmed down (see “TextExpander by Subscription One Year Later,” 5 April 2017).
AgileBits started offering a cloud-based option for its software just under a year ago and required a subscription to use it (see “1Password Introduces Individual Subscriptions,” 4 August 2016). This approach broadened to include business-style teams with shared vaults, and then family plans, also with sharing. The subscription included access to all 1Password native software, including the premium in-app upgrade features in 1Password for iOS, which was otherwise free to use.
A few months ago, the company shifted to offer only subscription-based access to 1Password. But you could still contact AgileBits to purchase a standalone license. The company maintains that most 1Password.com users get better features, prices, and security from the subscription version, and the founder reiterates that in the blog post noted earlier. It's certainly a reasonable choice for the company because it eliminates the possibility of data loss experienced by users who don't otherwise sync and lack backups, among other issues. But does it make sense for users?
Security researcher Kenn White raises a concern in a detailed article about their reaction to AgileBits's shift. They worry that the way in which a user starts fresh with 1Password (the so-called “onboarding process”) pushes people into storing their data at 1Password.com, rather than explaining the difference between local-only, local-and-synced, and cloud-based vaults. Their criticism is valid: AgileBits could improve upon its explanations, even if it still concludes that the cloud is best for most people, most of the time.
The key point for most current 1Password users, however, is that nothing has changed for macOS and iOS users. All the features you had remained, whether you continue to use a standalone license or subscribe. You aren't required or pushed to use 1Password.com. The trouble is with the Windows version of 1Password.
Local Vaults Haven't Gone Away — I exchanged email with Jeffrey Goldberg, AgileBits's “Chief Defender Against the Dark Arts” — its security head. They agreed that the company's explanation of how this all works could be clearer. The confusion stems in part from different behavior toward local vaults on each platform the company supports:
The macOS and iOS versions of 1Password offer full support for local vaults, and you can use those releases and sync among them without ever touching 1Password.com. If you already own a standalone-licensed copy and start paying for a subscription, you don't lose any features.
The Android version can read and write vaults that have been synced via Dropbox, but it can't create vaults compatible with that method.
The Windows version treats as read-only local vaults of any kind, including those synced via Dropbox. It can only create and modify entries at 1Password.com.
Mac and iOS users were likely unaware of this Windows limitation, but it was the fundamental fact that prompted the Motherboard story.
I was told that AgileBits had intended to provide full local and synced vault support in Windows, but its Windows engineering team apparently found itself unable to do so. As a result, the company is neither promising it will provide that feature nor ruling out future support. On 13 July 2017, however, the company's founder confirmed that clients that currently handle local vaults will continue to do so in version 7, at whatever future date it appears.
Security experts have also asked questions about what might happen if you stopped paying your 1Password.com subscription fee, or if AgileBits went out of business. Would you still be able to access your local vaults?
Goldberg wrote, “The answer to that question is that yes, they will continue to have access (if they have been using a native client), but it isn't an unqualified ‘yes.'”
The reason is that some people may use 1Password.com exclusively online, in which case passwords stored there wouldn't be synced to any local end point. Goldberg said that AgileBits is working to make that “yes” fully unqualified so there would be no case in which someone could lose access to their data.
Dropbox Sync Has Its Own Downsides — I also need to call out a difference between Dropbox sync (and iCloud sync for Apple users) and 1Password.com sync.
Whenever data leaves your computer and is stored on servers outside your control, you're introducing some risk that undesirable parties could gain access. For that reason, some people sync data only between servers and devices they own. 1Password in macOS and iOS (and Android) can sync locally over Wi-Fi, and the macOS version can sync via a shared folder.
Once you introduce Dropbox or iCloud into the syncing equation, however, your secure vault is being stored somewhere where data is only encrypted in transit and at rest, and only using encryption keys held by the cloud service. In other words, the cloud service has to be able to decrypt your data to send it back and forth to you, even when it uses an encrypted transit mechanism (typically TLS, the same used on the Web for secure connections).
To protect your passwords whenever the vault file is outside your control, 1Password encrypts that file using a set of “expensive” encryption choices, which means that a brute-force attacker can't cycle through billions of passwords per second to test which might work. Stealing data from Dropbox or iCloud, sniffing the data in transit, or even compromising a Dropbox or Apple employee won't be enough to discover your passwords. The attacker must know your password, guess it, or find a way to get you to reveal it through social engineering.
1Password.com employs a different method, treating each username/password entry as a separate item that can be synced back and forth. Not included are a long code unique to your account and your master password. That's important: AgileBits can't decrypt your information stored at 1Password.com because it doesn't have access to any of your passwords, your account code, or encryption keys. In other words, 1Password.com is effectively just a dumb conduit that connects end points. That's true even when you log into 1Password on the Web, where the encryption is handled entirely in the browser, including receiving encrypted entries and then decrypting them locally.
AgileBits also uses TLS to transmit that strongly encrypted data and wraps another layer of transit encryption around it using a session key that both sides of the connection derive separately rather than transmitting, so it can't be intercepted.
All these 1Password.com protections together provide a significant level of defense against attack, though they are of course only as good as AgileBits' implementation of the security model. Some security researchers want more disclosure of how AgileBits has built its system along with outside, independent audits.
There's one significant way in which syncing via Dropbox or iCloud has an advantage over 1Password.com syncing: in the latter case, you have to trust AgileBits to do what it says it will. When 1Password native apps use local vaults and sync via Dropbox or iCloud, your password never touches AgileBits' login Web page. Because 1Password itself is freestanding, security researchers can test (and have tested) it in ways that aren't possible with 1Password.com.
AgileBits says that your password never leaves your browser, and while trusting the company is reasonable, Thomas H. Ptáček noted to me via Twitter that the point is to not have to trust them. “I'm 100% behind 1Password on monthly subscriptions, so long as users I help never have to enter passwords on 1Password.com,” they tweeted. But because using 1Password.com requires entering the master password for your cloud-sync vault on a Web page, even if AgileBits says it's never transmitted, Ptáček finds the entire system problematic. However, they note, “I am very confident they will figure this out, by the way, and that I'll be able to recommend 1Password in the near future.”
No Changes for Existing Users, but Confusion for New Users — AgileBits doesn't make it easy for new users to choose between local and cloud-based vaults. The company has effectively picked a route that it thinks is best and is directing new users down that path. Kenn White's discussion goes into some depth about whether or not those choices are correct.
From my experience, the more people are encouraged to use robust security the better, and AgileBits' cloud approach, assuming it's well implemented, is an entirely reasonable way to preserve user security and privacy while maintaining ease of access and the option to sync data locally.
If you use 1Password on any platform except Windows now, you won't notice a change if you switch to a subscription, because your current ability to use 1Password entirely locally remains in place. That's good, and this fact is one of the reasons that security researchers have long recommended 1Password.
And although it requires some effort, new users can sign up and configure any version of 1Password other than the Windows app to sync via Wi-Fi or a folder, sync via Dropbox or iCloud, or sync and access via 1Password.com. Or, if you don't need to move data between devices, you can avoid syncing entirely. AgileBits should do a better job of communicating this fact to new users during the onboarding process.
The Motherboard article's criticisms may have been overly broad and overstated, but they weren't entirely inaccurate, given the limitations of 1Password 6 for Windows. Nonetheless, by conflating the Windows version with 1Password for macOS, iOS, and Android, the article generated confusion and feelings of betrayal. That's bad journalism that may attract eyeballs, but unnecessarily undermines trust in a popular and useful piece of security software.
A Labor MP wants prosecutors to assess whether James Ashby has committed perjury.
Michael Danby says Mr Ashby has told contradictory stories to the Federal Court and to TV about whether they were offered a Liberal Party job if they took action against then Speaker Peter Slipper over sexual harassment.
"Accordingly, I will be writing to the Commonwealth Director of Public Prosecutions, inviting them to immediately investigate whether perjury has occurred," Mr Danby said in a statement on Monday.
Mr Danby will also raise the matter in parliament.
Mr Ashby told the Nine Network on Sunday that federal Liberal frontbencher Christopher Pyne had assured them of a job and a lawyer if they chose to return to the political scene after taking on their employer Mr Slipper.
Mr Ashby wrote in their diary that Mr Pyne: "Said a lawyer would be paid for as promised and I would have a job - state LNP politics or federal - if I chose to come back."
But the former adviser said in a Federal Court affidavit in their case against Mr Slipper: "I have not been paid or promised any financial or other benefit or consideration ... if I make any complaint or commence such action."
Mr Pyne said on Monday they had indicated to Mr Ashby in 2012 that if the Liberal National party won the Queensland state election "that would be a chance, potentially, for them to get out of Mr Slipper's office".
But Mr Pyne said the facts showed that no job or lawyer was provided.
Liberal MP Wyatt Roy, who met Mr Ashby before they launched their legal case, said that in 2012 they had given them the name of a lawyer and told Mr Pyne, without naming Mr Ashby, that a Liberal staffer had made a harassment complaint.
Three congressional committees and the FBI have already launched inquiries into Russian interference in last year's election and possible collusion by the Trump campaign. But a string of damaging reports this week has prompted a distinct shift in tone among Republicans who had brushed aside the seriousness of earlier allegations involving the president. Representative Jason Chaffetz of Utah, the chairperson of the House Oversight Committee, immediately wrote to the FBI demanding copies of Comey's memos and threatened to subpoena them if necessary. Ryan backed the move, which ostensibly opened a fourth congressional probe into Trump's activities by a chairperson who had previously shown little interest in confronting the White House and had announced plans to retire from the House. Chaffetz said on Twitter they had scheduled a hearing for May 24, although they had yet to confirm that Comey would appear.
On Wednesday, the Republican and Democratic leaders of the Senate Intelligence Committee sent Comey a new invitation to testify both in an open hearing and a classified session, and they wrote to acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe seeking copies of the same Comey notes and memos as Chaffetz. Later in the afternoon, the Senate Judiciary Committee made an even broader request, seeking memos from the Justice Department dating back to the Obama administration as well as records from the White House documenting Trump's conversations with Comey. Senators also sought any “audio recordings” that may have been made, an allusion to the president's mention of a possible taping system at the White House.
The GOP's changing attitude toward the Russia investigation was evident in other ways. A number of House Republicans indicated they would support calls from Democrats for a special prosecutor or an independent investigatory commission, and one frequent GOP Trump critic, Representative Justin Amash of Michigan, told reporters that if Comey's allegation against the president were true, it would warrant impeachment. When the House gaveled into session, Democratic Representative Al Green of Texas delivered a speech calling for Trump's impeachment on charges of obstruction of justice.
Ryan, however, preached patience and caution. They said they would not prejudge the investigation, but at the same time they echoed other Republicans in questioning why Comey did not “take action” immediately after Trump asked them to shut down the Flynn investigation. “So there are a lot of unanswered questions,” they said. “Our job is to be responsible, sober, and focus only on gathering the facts. That is what Congress does in conducting oversight of the executive branch.”
To be sure, Republican leaders have not made a complete reversal on the Russia allegations, nor have they turned on Trump. When Ryan was asked on Wednesday whether they still had confidence in Trump, they replied, “I do.” Neither Ryan nor Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell are backing calls for an independent investigation or a special prosecutor. Republicans in the House and Senate have gamely tried to highlight their focus on legislative priorities—tax reform and health care, respectively—even as talk of scandal swirls around the White House and the Capitol. “We're going to walk and chew gum at the same time,” Ryan vowed. “We're going to keep doing our jobs. We're going to keep passing our bills. We're going to keep advancing our reforms that we were elected to advance while we are doing all these other things that are within our responsibility and that's what we will be judged [by] in 2018.”
But the speaker on Wednesday was not the same smiling, steely defender of the “unconventional” Trump they have been since November, a recognition perhaps that their party's steadfast support for the president had begun to fray.
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
MBTA Transit Police Tina Lunn
A Braintree woman who allegedly gave police a fake name actually provided the name of a woman who had a warrant out for their arrest, MBTA Transit Police said.
Tina Lunn, 37, was smoking among “No Smoking” signs at the Quincy Center Red Line station at 11:25 a.m. Sunday when they were approached by a police officer who reminded them of the no-smoking laws on MBTA property, Transit Police said in a statement.
Lunn provided a false name and date of birth — but the name they gave was that of a real person who was already wanted by police.
Advertisement
Lunn went through the arrest and booking process using the assumed name until police discovered their real identity — and that they themselves was wanted by authorities in Hingham and Salem, Transit Police said.
Get Metro Headlines in your inbox: The 10 top local news stories from metro Boston and around New England delivered daily. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
Lunn was charged with giving police a false name during the booking process. Lunn was also issued a smoking citation.
Lunn already faced three charges of assault and battery with a dangerous weapon and one count each of kidnapping and possession of chemical Mace without a firearms identification card in Hingham District Court and a charge of larceny over $250 in Salem District Court, Transit Police said.
 They are expected to appear in Roxbury Municipal Court today.
Kiera Blessing can be reached at kiera.blessing@globe.com
If you're a North Carolina political junkie, it must seem like Christmas came in July. Which Tar Heel politicos' stockings are filled with lumps of coal may depend on what happens Thursday in Greensboro.
That day a panel of three federal judges finally will hear attorneys for the General Assembly, Gov. Roy Cooper, and a host of aggrieved voters argue why there should (or should not) be a special legislative election before the regular November 2018 contest. The panel must convince the U.S. Supreme Court that holding the special election under new legislative districts is important enough to set aside several provisions in the state constitution — particularly one mandating two-year legislative terms.
The Supreme Court ruled in June the legislative districts, drawn in 2011, are unconstitutional. But the justices also said the lower court panel failed to justify the disruption a separate election would cause.
Thursday's hearing will give those judges a chance to make their case to the high court.
It's clear Cooper and the Democratic-friendly plaintiffs see a special election as their best chance to pick off enough Republican lawmakers to end the GOP's legislative supermajority. Democrats would have to gain three House seats and/or six Senate seats to break the Republicans' 60-percent margins in either chamber. Cooper then could force Republicans to negotiate, as a unified Democratic caucus would be able to sustain any vetoes.
They also see opportunity. The Trump administration is unpopular and in turmoil. And midterm legislative elections in North Carolina tend to reflect national political trends — meaning the party controlling the White House (this time, Republicans) typically loses seats in the state legislature. Cooper launched a “Break the Majority” campaign last week with the backing of former U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder. Democrats prefer to strike quickly rather than wait for the regular election cycle to run its course.
Whether you think justice demands a special election, or you see this lawsuit as an unconscionable violation of federalism, let's imagine the Supreme Court orders an election for a new legislature, late this year or early next year.
What would the 2018 General Assembly do? Consider several scenarios:
Option 1: Republicans keep their supermajorities in both bodies.
Seems unlikely, but remember the current General Assembly has sessions scheduled in August and September. They could schedule other sessions if needed. If Republicans have to hold a special election, they can and probably will load up the ballot with constitutional amendments designed to turn out conservative/Republican voters who might otherwise sit out an oddball election. And expand the General Assembly's powers in the process.
Off the top of my head, I could see the GOP placing amendments on the ballot requiring voters to present photo identification at the polls; capping the state income tax rate at a lower level; enshrining hunting and fishing as constitutional rights; giving the General Assembly (rather than the governor) the power to appoint judges to vacant seats; removing the governor's veto powers; limiting the governor to a single term; limiting the governor's term to two years. All manner of mischief is possible, even if it's unwise as a matter of politics or policy.
Upshot: If the supermajorities stand, Republicans will seek to shackle Cooper and future governors even more.
Option 2: The GOP loses its supermajority in one or both chambers — or control of the House or the Senate entirely.
Democrats and the governor are banking on one of these alternatives. Problem is, a divided General Assembly won't do much. Cooper will propose a budget. The legislature will ignore it and propose one of its own. Either it will pass by a margin that can't survive a veto or (if, say, the House goes Democrat and the Senate stays Republican) the two bodies won't agree on a budget and the General Fund plan passed earlier this year will stay on the books until June 2019.
The two-year budget has enough money to fund state government until that time, unless we enter a recession, have a major emergency, or tax revenues come in far below projections.
The General Assembly doesn't have to meet at all next year, so long as the government has enough money to operate at the level approved in the budget.
Upshot: If the House and Senate can't pass a budget Cooper will sign, the current budget probably will stay in place and the 2018 General Assembly will do very little.
Option 3: Democrats take the House and the Senate.
This is the dream scenario for Democrats.
Upshot: The new General Assembly would pass a budget reflecting the governor's expansive goals (and those of the newly empowered majority). Republicans and conservatives could not stop the liberal agenda.
Democrats would try to cement their victories in the regular 2018 election, leaving Republicans divided and dispirited.
If the special election takes place in 2017 rather than early 2018, I'd hedge my bets. I'd put some money on options 2 and 3. Yes, the president is floundering. And the Republican Congress can't get out of its own way.
But the GOP's fundraising nationally is far ahead of the Democrats' — and a bunch of money outside North Carolina would flow into the state for a high-stakes special election.
Even if the Democrats regain the General Assembly, they may not be in charge for long. They'll be held accountable if the state or national economy heads south, especially if Democrats reverse school choice, tax cuts, modest spending increases, expansion of state savings reserves, and other crucial components of the conservative agenda passed in recent legislative sessions.
You can bet the mortgage on one thing, even so: If we have a special legislative election before November 2018, lawyers, political consultants, and lobbyists might as well have a license to print money. Some things about politics never change.
by ROLAND REZNIK -
KD Smart Chair recently released an infographic that visualizes the important factors for making your home wheelchair accessible. By following these guidelines, wheelchair users can make everyday activities at home much simpler and more convenient.
The infographic provides a blueprint for people with mobility issues and visualizes each room in the house to make their home wheelchair accessible.
Whether you may be moving to a new home, caring for an elderly person, or simply having a wheelchair-bound guest over your house, this infographic will outline exactly what to do around your home to make it wheelchair accessible.
Bedroom
Phone/alert system near bed
Overhang lift/manual trapeze to get in/out of bed
Bathroom
Phone/alert system near toilet & shower
Bath tub lift (13”-30” bottom)
Commode lift
Grab bars next to toilet
Grab bars in tub & shower with 36” clearance
Exterior
Vertical platform lift for higher outdoor staircases
All-weather, outdoor stair lift
Portable ramp (front entrance)
Kitchen
Wheelchair-accessible countertop & cabinet height.
Table: 27” floor-to-table height & 30” x 48” seat spacing
Door (minimum 32” width)
Garage
Garage entry/interior door ramp for safe, quick car access
Wheelchair accessible floor area for easy car loading/unloading
Entry door (minimum 32” width)
Basement
A stair lift for easy basement access to washer, dryer, pantries, etc.
Accessibility Tips
1. Clear Pathways
Interior/exterior pathways should have accommodating widths for:
Mobility scooters
Rollators
Power wheelchairs
Standard wheelchairs
Standard Widths
36” for hallways
32” for doorways
Minimum clearance for 180 degree turns: 36” in all directions
2. Lighting
All rooms should be well-lit during evening, nighttime, and early morning.
Lighting controls should be easy to access and use.
3. Security
Phones & alert systems should be installed throughout the home for quick, easy access
A reliable security or alarm system should be installed to protect you & your home
Sources:
NSW Premier Mike Baird is promising to "streamline" oversight of the NSW Police including consideration of a UK-style Police Complaints Commission if re-elected in March, following public hearings into a long-running bugging scandal.
Mr Baird will make the announcement on Wednesday, as a parliamentary inquiry reports on its investigation into the scandal over Operation Mascot which targeted allegedly corrupt police and has rocked the most senior ranks of the NSW force.
NSW Premier Mike Baird said the current system for reviewing complaints against officers is complex and unsatisfactory. Credit:Christopher Pearce
Deputy commissioner Catherine Burn was team leader of Mascot, which bugged their fellow deputy commissioner Nick Kaldas more than a decade ago.
The inquiry has been examining why oversight agencies including the Police Integrity Commission and police internal affairs failed to resolve complaints about how Mascot was run, including why it targeted honest police and civilians.
Astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson, among the most well-known living scientists this side of Stephen Hawking, said this week that “there's no reason for [marijuana] to ever have been made illegal.”
The remark came in response to a question submitted by Tom Angell of the pro-legalization group Marijuana Majority. Angell asked Tyson if they agreed with astrophysicist Carl Sagan that marijuana should be legalized.
“If you really analyze it,” Tyson said, “relative to other things that are legal, there's no reason for it to ever have been made illegal in the system of laws.”
“That is extremely rational, which I expect from you, and you're absolutely right,” replied host Chuck Nice.
“Alcohol is legal,” Tyson added, “and it can mess you up way more than smoking a few J's.”
Nice then spent several minutes ribbing Tyson over their archaic choice of marijuana slang.
“The last time I was like, in a cloud of it? That's how people spoke,” Tyson said.
Tyson has in many ways followed the late Carl Sagan's footsteps in becoming a well-known evangelist for space science and the scientific method more broadly. Sagan, most famous for the television series “Cosmos” (which Tyson later rebooted), was a lifelong marijuana user who wrote extensively — albeit privately — about what they saw as the benefits of the drug.
“The illegality of cannabis is outrageous,” Sagan wrote in an anonymous essay for the 1971 book “Marihuana Reconsidered,” “an impediment to full utilization of a drug which helps produce the serenity and insight, sensitivity and fellowship so desperately needed in this increasingly mad and dangerous world.”
Tyson has been more circumspect on the merits of drug use, at least publicly. “I don't count myself among active recreational drug users,” Tyson said in a 2015 Reddit AMA. “For me, the least altered state of awareness I can achieve is the one I seek, because that one is most likely to be closest to reality.”
J's and altered states aside, Tyson's argument against prohibition is on fairly sound scientific footing: Public health experts generally agree that relative to alcohol, marijuana is less-habit forming, less toxic to the human body, less of an impairment to driving and much less linked to violent behavior. President Richard Nixon placed the drug in the most restrictive category of federal prohibition in 1972, overruling the recommendation of their own marijuana task force, which argued that the drug wasn't particularly dangerous and shouldn't be federally prohibited.
Tyson's remarks were also similar to ones by President Barack Obama in 2014. “I don't think [marijuana] is more dangerous than alcohol,” they told the New Yorker. “As has been well documented, I smoked pot as a kid, and I view it as a bad habit and a vice, not very different from the cigarettes that I smoked as a young person up through a big chunk of my adult life.”
An August Quinnipiac poll found that more than 61 percent of Americans now say marijuana should be legal, 94 percent support the medical use of marijuana, and fully three-quarters oppose the federal government enforcing marijuana laws in states that have legalized it.
After an Afghan migrant raped and killed a 19-year-old woman in Germany, Facebook responded by banning a German woman for “hate speech” because they posted a picture of the murderer.
Hussein K., a 17-year-old Afghan asylum seeker, was arrested on Friday on suspicion of rape and murder after a sample of their hair was found at the crime scene in Freiburg.
Their victim, 19-year-old medical student Maria Ladenburger, was cycling home after a party when they were ambushed, raped and then drowned in a nearby river.
The incident has prompted uproar in Germany, with the country currently suffering an explosion of rapes and violent crimes since its borders were opened to migrants last year.
A reader contacted us to report that they had found the Facebook profile of the alleged killer (here it is, but don't expect it to stay up long).
“He looks lifeless. Their stare is blank. All I can see is hatred. But when I scrolled down, I saw a shocking post. They posted a picture of a vicious wolf that is holding a fragile white woman. It looks like they are about to rape the women and then rip them apart. Just like they did it to their victim,” Lena Kirschbaum told us in an email.
As you can see below, the Facebook profile picture is identical to the image of “Hussein K.” that was released by police to the media.
After Kirschbaum began posting a link to the Facebook profile in comment sections with the words, “Maria's murderer,” their account was banned by Facebook. The reason? They had violated “hate speech rules” by posting the picture of the killer.
Kirschbaum was banned despite the fact that the picture had already been circulated in news reports about the incident, albeit blurred or blacked out over the perpetrator's eyes.
The ban is chilling yet unsurprising given how Facebook is openly working with the German government to censor criticism of the migrant crisis under the guise of preventing “hate speech”.
Last year, it emerged that the German government and Facebook were working with an organization led by an ex-Stasi agent to oversee a new program to identify “xenophobic” posts made on the social networking website and punish people who make them with fines and jail sentences.
In the aftermath of the rape and murder of the 19-year-old student, the German government responded by cautioning angry Germans not to incite violence against Muslims.
“Such horrible murders already happened before the first Afghan or Syrian refugee arrived here,” Vice Chancellor Sigmar Gabriel told the Bild newspaper. “We will not allow incitement after such violent crimes, no matter who commits them.”
In a related story, the European Union is now demanding that Facebook, Twitter and YouTube censor “illegal hate speech” and “fake news” within 24 hours of it being reported.
Apparently, accurately reporting the identity of a rapist murderer after their image has already been publicly revealed now constitutes “hate speech,” according to Facebook.
SUBSCRIBE on YouTube:
Follow-on Twitter: Follow @PrisonPlanet
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/paul.j.watson.71
*********************
Paul Joseph Watson is the editor at large of Infowars.com and Prison Planet.com.
A Black transgender woman who spent 8 days in jail after being falsely accused of prostitution by the hotel they were staying at has settled their lawsuit against the Iowa hotel in court, The Guardian reports. The details of the settlement have not been released due to a confidentiality agreement.
Meagan Taylor checked into the Drury Inn in West Des Moines, Iowa, last July with a friend—also a Black transgender woman—during a trip to Kansas City for a funeral. But despite the somber, and fairly typical, reason for their stay, hotel staff called police to report that the two women were “two men” engaged in prostitution after seeing that Taylor's ID included their birth name and “male” gender marker. It's not uncommon for transgender people's ID not to match their gender identity or presentation due to the challenges associated with changing gender on personal identity documents.
When police arrived, they arrested Taylor for charges including not having their hormone prescription with them They were jailed for eight days and the charges were later dropped.
“Meagan's case garnered national attention and has been an important reminder to those in the criminal justice system and who run businesses and other public accommodations in Iowa that transgender people are explicitly protected by our civil rights laws from discriminatory treatment,” Rita Bettis, ACLU of Iowa legal director, told The Guardian. Iowa is one of just 16 states that provides such protections. “Given the attack on transgender people happening across the country, we in Iowa are proud and thankful to work in a place where transgender people are afforded dignity and protection under our state law.”
Taylor's isn't the first high-profile case of profiling trans women of color as prostitutes. Arizona trans activist Monica Jones was arrested in 2014 while walking down the street with friends for “manifesting prostitution.” Though they were convicted, that conviction was later vacated.
This Story Filed Under
HYDERABAD: Amberpet police on Friday detained a software engineer on the charge of luring minor boys to commit thefts in trains. While police are tight lipped about the details of the accused, sources said they are employed with Google.According to cops, Subhash, from Golnaka in Amberpet, was a frequent visitor to an internet cafe in the neighbouring Shankar Nagar. They managed to become friends with a few teenaged boys who came to play video games at the cafe. Subhash would treat them to biryani and ice-cream in nearby restaurants. After gaining their confidence, Subhash would take the boys for day-long journeys in trains like Venkatadri, Narayandari and Yeshwantpur Express to commit thefts. “Subhash used to make the boys steal mobile phones and laptops from passengers,” said a police official.Normally, Subhash used to bring back the boys on the same day and their misdeeds did not come light until they made a mistake recently. About two weeks ago, Subhash took a 13-year-old boy from Maruthi Nagar, Amberpet, to Bangalore in a train and returned only after two days. Meanwhile, the boy's parents lodged a complaint with the police.Subhash's illegal activities came to light after the boy returned home. “When grilled by their parents about their whereabouts, the boy confessed everything and we were informed about it,” said a police source. Cops immediately picked up Subhash from their house and seized two laptops from their possession. As Subhash denied any wrongdoing on their part, Amberpet police are now trying to gather evidence to prove the accusations.
NEW DELHI (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Women's health activists on Friday cheered a ruling by India's top court ordering the government to shut down “sterilization camps” within three years following the deaths of hundreds of largely poor rural women across the country.
A woman, who underwent sterilization surgery at a government mass sterilisation "camp", walks to sit in a hospital bed at a district hospital in Bilaspur, in the eastern Indian state of Chhattisgarh, November 13, 2014. REUTERS/Anindito Mukherjee
In a judgment on Wednesday, the Supreme Court said 363 women died between 2010 and 2013 during or after surgery in sterilization camps due poor management by local authorities which included doctors using dirty equipment and expired drugs.
It called on the federal government to ensure the country's 29 states and seven union territories halt the camps, provide adequate compensation for victims and their families, and hold negligent doctors accountable.
Activists have long campaigned for better regulation of sterilization camps - where women are gathered for mass surgeries to sever or seal their fallopian tubes - and more investment in alternative forms of contraception.
“We welcome the Supreme Court judgment which we consider a landmark one. Providing quality services to and upholding the dignity of women will now be placed strongly on the national agenda,” said Poonam Muttreja, executive director of the Population Foundation of India (PFI).
“This judgment has the potential to shape India's family planning program into a program of national significance.”
India's efforts to rein in population growth have been described as the most draconian after China. Birth rates have fallen in recent decades, but population growth is still among the world's fastest.
According to a study by PFI, 85 percent of the country's family planning budget for 2013/14 was spent on promoting and conducting sterilizations on women. Only 1.5 percent was spent on other forms of contraception.
The world's top sterilizer of women, India came under global scrutiny for its sterilization drive in November 2014 when 15 women died and scores of others were hospitalized after surgery at a sterilization camp in the eastern state of Chhattisgarh.
Investigations found the deaths in Bilaspur district were due to unhygienic conditions, dirty medical instruments and equipment and an overall lack of care for the patients who were poor tribal and low-caste women.
Authorities have put in place guidelines and are training health workers on conducting safe and sanitary surgeries, but incentivised, target-driven sterilization continue.
Doctors, nurses and health workers receive cash incentives for promoting and carrying out sterilizations. Patients are also given compensation - ranging from 600 rupees ($10) to 1,100 rupees ($17) for tubectomies and vasectomies respectively.
The Supreme Court ruling was in response to a civil petition filed by women's health activist Devika Biswas alleged widespread mismanagement at camps in various states.
The ruling mentioned how a doctor sterilized 53 women over a period of two hours “in an unprofessional and unethical manner” in a village school in the eastern state of Bihar in January 2012.
The sterilizations were conducted under torchlight with the women laying on school desks, the surgeon did not have any gloves and there was no running water available, it said.
The patients, it added, were also not given any pre-operative tests, counseling and were not aware of the potential dangers and outcomes of sterilization.
“A sterilization surgery does not appear to be complicated and yet several deaths have taken place across the country over the years,” said Justice Madan B. Lokur in their order.
“Undoubtedly, this needs looking into by the Government of India and the state governments and remedial and corrective steps need to be taken.”
This was supposed to be the year of a rebound, a great return for B.C. sockeye salmon. A turnaround. Now, at least for sockeye in the Quesnel waterways, that great return is in doubt.
“The timing of this spill couldn't be worse in terms of the return of the sockeye,” said Craig Orr, executive director of Watershed Watch Salmon Society.
The peak migration of sockeye in the Quesnel system — which includes the Horsefly River, Quesnel River and Mitchell River, all waterways potentially affected by the Polley Lake tailings pond spill — is expected in about two weeks.
The pre-season forecast for the return of the sockeye salmon in the Quesnel system is 845,000 to 2.95 million, according to Dan Bate, communications officer for Fisheries and Oceans Canada Pacific Region, a good chunk of the 23 million Fraser sockeye forecasts for this year.
Quesnel sockeye have traditionally been a strong sockeye run and a major contributor to the sockeye fisheries, said Pete Nicklin of the Upper Fraser Fisheries Conservation Alliance.
However, for the past two seasons (eight years), returns have dipped dramatically.
“Quesnel sockeye have been a conservation concern according to DFO's Wild Salmon Policy Status assessment,” said Nicklin.
This year, with a boom season predicted, all the careful management and nurturing of the Quesnel sockeye was supposed to pay off.
“The Quesnel sockeye travel up the Fraser River, turn into the Quesnel River, swim up Quesnel Lake, pass through the exact area of the toxic debris field (left by the tailing pond breach) where Hazeltine Creek meets the lake, turn up into the Horsefly and Mitchell rivers,” said Gord Sterritt, executive director of the Upper Fraser Fisheries Conservation Alliance.
The arrival of a healthy sockeye run, millions-strong in the Horsefly and Mitchell rivers, said Sterritt, would normally be spectacular and noisy. “Fish everywhere, in the water, spawning, digging their nests in the gravel, pairing off, preparing to lay their eggs, you hear them slapping around, protecting their territories.”
Now it's anyone's guess as to how this spill will affect the fish. “The fish could be poisoned and it could impact their spawning success rate, or they could make it back to spawn but we wouldn't know what the cumulative impacts will be,” said Sterritt.
“Because they are filtering the water to breathe, the contaminants could be lethal, that could be the end of them. If they are carrying a load of these heavy metals further upstream they are acting as a vector for a contaminated,” said Ellen Petticrew, an environmental scientist at the University of Northern British Columbia, who was en route to the area Tuesday.
“They are going to have to come through a cloud of this stuff. We don't really know how they are going to respond to it, if it will stress them or change their signal.”
Salmon can become stressed, disoriented and fail to spawn if they encounter pollutants, debris, changes in water temperature and environment.
As reports of dead fish in the contaminated Hazeltine Creek emerged early Tuesday, John Werring, senior science and policy adviser for the David Suzuki Foundation, said, “You can pretty well say all the fish in Hazeltine Creek are now gone and not likely to return anytime soon. And if fish do get into that system — I'm sure the water will be contaminated significantly for some time — it would be almost impossible for them to survive.”
Information on how the breach of the Polley Lake Mines tailings pond will affect this year's Quesnel River salmon run and spawning season is still speculative as experts wait for analysis of water samples and word from Environment Canada and the DFO, which have been silent since the toxic spill Monday morning.
dryan@vancouversun.com
Click here to report a typo or visit vancouversun.com/typo.
Is there more to this story? We'd like to hear from you about this or any other stories you think we should know about. CLICK HERE or go to vancouversun.com/moretothestory
Taoiseach Enda Kenny is facing growing demands in Fine Gael to call an early general election to allow the party to win as many seats as possible on the back of the economic recovery.
Taoiseach Enda Kenny is facing growing demands in Fine Gael to call an early general election to allow the party to win as many seats as possible on the back of the economic recovery.
The Sunday Independent has learned that some Fine Gael ministers believe Mr Kenny should go to the country in the autumn.
Yesterday, one minister even suggested the Budget should be brought forward to September and Mr Kenny could dissolve the Dail immediately after it is passed.
The moves follow the outcome of the UK general election, which has increased Fine Gael optimism that voters are prepared to handsomely reward the party.
The British Conservative Party, which also came to office after the economic crash, secured a stunning victory last week on the back of recovery there.
"I wouldn't be surprised if Kenny went early - September or October," a Fine Gael minister said yesterday. Another minister said: "The Dail will be back in the second week of September - you could have your Budget that week and then call the election."
However, such a move would anger Labour, which this weekend insisted the Government should see out its full term. The near obliteration of the Conservatives' coalition partners, the Liberal Democrats, has sent shockwaves through Labour here, with many fearing a similar fate.
Two Fine Gael ministers, Leo Varadkar and Paschal Donohoe, yesterday also said the Government should run full term.
But the Sunday Independent has learned that, behind the scenes, senior Fine Gael figures - including ministers and key advisers - now believe Mr Kenny should "cut and run" this autumn.
Renewed speculation about the election will add to evident tensions between Fine Gael and Labour.
Last week, Finance Minister Michael Noonan referred to some unemployed as "allergic to work", a phrase that annoyed the Labour leadership. There are also sharp divisions over Labour's demands to amend the insolvency laws, and in Fine Gael there is strong opposition to Labour's priority to restore public sector pay.
Labour leader Joan Burton is said to remain determined that the Government see out its full term.
But there is an increased appetite in the senior ranks of Fine Gael for an autumn election. "They are factoring in a late autumn election," a senior Government source confirmed yesterday. "The way they are thinking is to have the Budget first and have the election immediately afterwards," they said.
A Fine Gael minister said: "Do you go with the expectation of the extra money or wait till it's in their pockets - that's the decision for the Taoiseach."
The minister added: "It will be between themselves and (Michael) Noonan, but I can assure you one thing - the election will be well over before the 1916 Rising Commemorations next April."
Yesterday, Health Minister Leo Varadkar told the Sunday Independent: "Mr Cameron went full term and it seemed to work out for him."
And Transport Minister Paschal Donohoe said: "The Government should, and will, go full term."
But Fine Gael sources remained adamant yesterday that Mr Kenny should weigh up the options - and go to the country if they felt the party would benefit.
Yesterday Labour Senator John Whelan said they found it "interesting" that senior figures were comparing Fine Gael to "the Thatcherite Tories". They pointed to different electoral systems in the UK and Ireland to back their belief that Labour here would not suffer a similar fate to the Liberal Democrats. They said neither Ms Burton nor deputy Labour leader Alan Kelly were so "naive" as to allow the party to end up the "whipping boys". Senator Whelan also said they did not believe it was in Fine Gael's interests to "undermine" Labour.
Labour strategists said they were now planning to "take the ownership" of economic recovery out of the hands of Fine Gael, who many in the party believe have unfairly reaped most of the electoral benefits.
A senior Government adviser yesterday said Fine Gael had begun using "election-style messages", even through canvassing had not officially started. This was evident when Mr Noonan sparked anger in Labour after they said some unemployed people were "allergic to work".
The Coalition is facing into another bitter row as Mr Howlin begins pay talks with public sector unions later this month.
The Taoiseach was faced down at a parliamentary party meeting last week over suggestions Labour was prepared to hike public sector wages by €800 a year.
At the meeting Dublin Bay South TD Eoghan Murphy demanded to know what Fine Gael's approach was to the pay talks. They opposed the Government's strategy, and warned the Taoiseach to be "very careful" when increasing wages for the public sector.
Mr Murphy said they were pleased the economy was recovering, but said it was "galling" that the public sector unions were insisting on pay increases when the private sector had yet to feel the benefits of the upturn, according to sources. They also highlighted difficulties convincing teachers to accept reforms of the Junior Certificate and the recent bus strikes as examples of the unions resisting reforms implemented by the Coalition.
When approached by the Sunday Independent Mr Murphy refused to comment on what was said at the meeting. However, they said they would be "more comfortable" spreading the benefits of the recovery through tax cuts and insisted spending on the public sector should be focused on services.
It is understood Mr Kenny sought to allay fears by insisting any pay hikes would be closely monitored by an independent oversight body.
Cork TD Tom Barry said they have repeatedly called for USC to be phased out rather than introduce pay increases.
"You can't cut taxes and increase pay. It would be fair and equitable to all aspects of society and bring social cohesion to focus on reducing the USC," Mr Barry told the Sunday Independent.
Sunday Independent
An extremely well attended talk by Hugo Teso, a security consultant at n.runs AG in Germany, about the completely realistic scenario of plane hijacking via a simple Android app has galvanized the crowd attending the Hack In The Box Conference in Amsterdam today.
Teso, who has been working in IT for the last eleven years and has been a trained commercial pilot for a year longer than that, has combined their two interests in order to bring to light the sorry state of security of aviation computer systems and communication protocols.
By taking advantage of two new technologies for the discovery, information gathering and exploitation phases of the attack, and by creating an exploit framework (SIMON) and an Android app (PlaneSploit) that delivers attack messages to the airplanes' Flight Management Systems (computer unit + control display unit), they demonstrated the terrifying ability to take complete control of aircraft by making virtual planes “dance to their tune.”
One of the two technologies they abused is the Automatic Dependent Surveillance-Broadcast (ADS-B), which sends information about each aircraft (identification, current position, altitude, and so on) through an on-board transmitter to air traffic controllers, and allows aircraft equipped with the technology to receive flight, traffic and weather information about other aircraft currently in the air in their vicinity.
The other one is the Aircraft Communications Addressing and Reporting System (ACARS), which is used to exchange messages between aircraft and air traffic controllers via radio or satellite, as well as to automatically deliver information about each flight phase to the latter.
Both of these technologies are massively insecure and are susceptible to a number of passive and active attacks. Teso misused the ADS-B to select targets, and the ACARS to gather information about the onboard computer as well as to exploit its vulnerabilities by delivering spoofed malicious messages that affect the “behavior” of the plane.
Based on their own research, Teso developed the SIMON framework that is deliberately made only to work in a virtual environment and cannot be used on real-life aircraft. Their testing laboratory consists of a series of software and hardware products, but the connection and communication methods, as well as ways of exploitation, are absolutely the same as they would be in an actual real-world scenario.
Since it's nearly impossible to detect the framework once deployed on the Flight Management System, there is no need to disguise it like a rootkit. By using SIMON, the attacker can upload a specific payload to the remote FSM, upload flight plans, detailed commands or even custom plugins that could be developed for the framework.
To make things even more interesting – or easier – Teso showcased an Andorid application that uses SIMON's powers to remotely control airplanes on the move. The application, fittingly named PlaneSploit, sports a clean and simple interface, but is packed full with features. This is a remarkable example of technology evolution – ten years ago we barely had phones with a color screen, today we can use them to hack aircraft.
PlaneSploit uses the Flightradar24 live flight tracker and you can tap on any airplane found in range. When talking about the range, please keep in mind that we are talking about a proof-of-concept application used in a virtual environment. In real life, the range would be limited depending on the antennas used (if going directly for the plane), or global (if misusing one of the two big ACARS players such as SITA or ARINC).
The user interface is divided by its main functions which are self-explanatory: discovery, information gathering, exploitation and post exploitation. The attacker can click on any active airplane and is receiving its identification, current location and final destination. In case a nearby airplane system is exploitable (a number of vulnerability vectors mentioned, not many details provided), the application alerts the user via an in-application alert or a push message. The payload can be uploaded with a tap of a button and from that point on, the flight management system is remotely controlled by an attacker. There are a number of other systems connected to FMS, so further exploitation is possible.
Here are some of the functions Teso showed to the HITBSecConf Amsterdam audience:
Please go here: A way of interacting with the plane where the user can dynamically tap locations on the map and change the plane's course.
A way of interacting with the plane where the user can dynamically tap locations on the map and change the plane's course. Define area: Set detailed filters related to the airplane, for example activate something when a plane is in the area of X kilometers or when it starts flying on a predefined altitude.
Set detailed filters related to the airplane, for example activate something when a plane is in the area of X kilometers or when it starts flying on a predefined altitude. Visit ground: Crash the airplane.
Crash the airplane. Kiss off: Remove itself from the system.
Remove itself from the system. Be punckish: A theatric way of alerting the pilots that something is seriously wrong – lights start flashing and alarms start buzzing.
By showing a sample scenario of a drunk pilot flying over Berlin, Teso mentioned that the Android application also uses the benefits of the accelerometer and therefore a remote attacker can transform the motion of its smartphone into physical changes in the plane's movement.
It's amazing to discover that aviation – an industry where safety is of vital importance and every physical element has one or even two fail-safe mechanisms – is failing to secure the onboard computer, the heart and brain of the plane.
Teso has not shared too many details about the tools they used to effect the attack, as the vulnerabilities have yet to be fixed. They say that they were pleasantly surprised by the reaction of the industry to their research and discoveries, as the companies didn't try to deny the existence of the problems and have vowed to aid them in their research.
They say that older, legacy systems harking back to the 1970s will be difficult, if not impossible, to fix, but that modern ones will easily be updated with patched and modified firmware and software.
The vulnerabilities, of course, differ from system to system and from plane to plane, but it's easy to discover just which ones are present once the attacker identifies the type, model of the plane, and the airline for which it flies.
There is a solution for pilots to regain the control of the plane and land it safely, they say. Attacks of this kind work only when the auto-pilot is on, so the trick is to switch it off, then fly the plane by using analog instruments.
The bad news is that there aren't that many on modern planes, and that the pilots have to detect that the plane's computer is being hacked in order to effect these maneuvers, and that is no easy feat.
Update: Monday, 15 April 2013 – FAA and EASA say hijacking planes using an app is not possible.
Co-authored by Zeljka Zorz.
White Rock native, BCHL veteran and pending unrestricted free agent defenseman Jason Garrison was interviewed on Vancouver's local news radio station "News 1130," today. According to the @News1130Sports Twitter account, they expressed a frank interest in joining the Canucks this offseason, if they can't close a deal with the Panthers. News 1130 hasn't uploaded a podcast of the interview yet, but I caught an audio snippet on live radio and I'll update this post when they do.
Read past the jump for more analysis.
Garrison told News 1130 that he'll do everything they can to re-up in Florida, but that their agent and the Panthers haven't spoken of late and that joining the Canucks and playing for their hometown team would be a "thrill."
It's not particularly surprising that Florida hasn't been in close touch with Garrison's camp – they've already committed roughly 16 million dollars in cap-space to five defenseman (Campbell, Strachan, Weaver, Jovanovski and Gudbransson) and will still need to sign restricted free agents Dmitry Kulikov and Keaton Ellerby this summer. The team currently possesses rough 23 million dollars in cap-space, and in addition to Kulikov and Ellerby, will likely give Kris Versteeg a significant raise this summer as well. Just looking at their salary structure over at Capgeek, it's pretty clear that Dale Tallon will be hard-pressed to keep Garrison.
Jason Garrison is coming off of a career year in Miami this season and finished third among all NHL defenseman in goal scoring with 16 tallies (nine of which came on the power-play). He's also been a rock solid defensive defenseman for a few years now, so that offensive outburst couldn't have come at a better time for the 27 year old (he'll turn 28 in November). Garrison is now likely to receive at least a three million dollar raise on the 675k they brought home last season, and they could well get that raise from the Canucks.
Granted, their offensive explosion this past season was percentage driven (he went from shooting 4.5% in 2010-11 to shooting 9.5% in 2011-12), so it's unlikely to be sustained – but there are reasons to believe that he's not just this years version of Ville Leino.
In particular, Jason Garrison along with defensive partner and former Canuck Mike Weaver, were Pete DeBoer's "shut down pairing" for the Panthers in 2010-11, and generally speaking they were excellent. That season Garrison faced by far the highest quality of competition among all Panthers defenseman, started the second lowest proportion of shifts in the offensive zone, and still managed to keep their head above water.
This season, Garrison moved to the right side and was used in a more featured offensive role alongside Brian Campbell. Garrison continued to face top competition, however, they were deployed more often in the offensive zone than the defensive zone and they didn't just keep their head above water – they drove play. They also capitalized on Brian Campbell's sweet point-to-point feed and leaned heavily on their hard accurate slapper to score 16 goals (most of them off of one-timers from the point).
Garrison's gaudy goal totals this past season are something of a mirage and this is not a guy who is going to quarterback an effective NHL power-play, or contribute forty points every season. What they can do, however, is play difficult top-four minutes on either a featured offensive pairing or an efficient shutdown pairing. They can be a fixture on both special teams units, he's got an absolute bomb and he's got above average mobility for a defenseman their size. Garrison can also, and this is not a negligible factor, play the point on either the left or the right side successfully.
Whatever team ultimately signs Jason Garrison this offseason will pay a premium because of their offensive success this past season. However, where he'd provide real value to the Canucks (or another team in need of a tough minutes defenseman) is in their two-way play, and their versatility.
Folks out for their last-minute shopping blitzes were slipping and sliding Saturday, as several centimetres of thick, sticky snow covered the region overnight.
Traffic on the main thoroughfares was light, but a bit treacherous, particularly when drivers failed to reduce speed in the slick conditions.
Emergency workers reported a “good number” of collisions around the region, although there were no serious injuries reported.
MVC 417 W just before Parkdale. OPP on scene no injuries #otttraffic #ottnews pic.twitter.com/DGxJ1TXtUn — Ottawa Paramedic Svc (@OttawaParamedic) December 24, 2016
The ByWard Market was busy in the morning and malls were already experiencing heavy parkade traffic.
Meanwhile, in an updated special weather statement for the Ottawa area on Saturday night, Environment Canada said to expect freezing rain beginning Sunday night or Monday.
The statement said “significant” amounts of freezing rain could fall in the region, with several millimetres possible. Snow and ice pellet amounts were expected to be light, it said.
The freezing rain was expected to affect the Ottawa Valley late Boxing Day morning and in the afternoon. The forecast calls for the precipitation to change to rain in the early evening Monday.
The posted high for Sunday is -7 C, with a night-time low of -14 and clear conditions. The highs and lows for Monday show 1 and 0, with rain or freezing rain.
• Three men opened fire on Egyptian at their home • Badri won Champions League last year with Cairo's Al Ahly
The Egyptian coach Hossam al-Badri was shot at in Libya on Saturday, hours after their team Al Ahly Tripoli had drawn a league match.
The 53-year-old Badri, who took Cairo's Al Ahly to Africa's Champions League title last November, joined the Libyan club in May. League football in Libya resumed only last month after being brought to a halt in February 2011 by the civil conflict that ousted the dictator Muammar Gaddafi. Al Ahly Tripoli won their first two games of the season before Saturday's draw.
The club told local media: "Our coach was shot at, at their home after a match in the league against Al Sowaihili that ended 1-1.  They are safe but upset after what happened.
"Three men in a car shot at him. The police have launched a full-scale investigation."
The incident will cast a shadow over Libya's plans to host the 2017 African Nations Cup finals. They were only recently allowed by Fifa to host World Cup qualifiers after previously being forced to play home ties at neutral venues outside the country.
Do you remember Michael Isaacson, the human/giraffe hybrid antifa leader who hates cops and teaches economics at John Jay College of Criminal Justice in Manhattan?
Isaacson came to the nation's attention after they shared their abhorrent views regarding antifa on Tucker Carlson Tonight last week. Internet sleuths quickly dug up and brought to light several shocking tweets that expressed their extreme anti-cop animus, including: “I think it's a privilege to teach future dead cops” and "What's even the point of a cop that isn't dead?"
I wrote about their anti-cop exploits on Twitter here.
John Jay College quickly put out a statement condemning Isaacson's tweets and announcing that they have been placed on leave until they can decide what further action to take.
With all due respect, this should be a no-brainer. What is truly puzzling is how a self-described anarcho-communist radical like Isaacson was able to get away with their very public anti-cop rhetoric for so long, and how the antifa activist was able to get a teaching position at a college of criminal justice to begin with.
While John Jay considers Isaacson's future at the college, Leftwing Watch has discovered several more of their twisted tweets that the college might find helpful.
I hope somehow Assata comes up in lecture so a student defends them saying they didn't kill a cop so I can say they probably did and it's good — Mike Isaacson (@VulgarEconomics) August 23, 2017
Off the pigs https://t.co/ksCu3ZOpFC — Mike Isaacson (@VulgarEconomics) August 29, 2017
I hear their police stations catch on fire with an accelerant https://t.co/64E7pOQJAM — Mike Isaacson (@VulgarEconomics) August 18, 2017
"I want my students to actually be able to do what they want, which is help people, and I don't think policing is an institution that allows them to do that," Isaacson informed Fox News host Kennedy in another appearance on the network earlier this week. "I want to see them become social workers, I want to see them become EMTs, I want to see them become firefighters ..."
Left unsaid was the obvious point that Isaacson's vision of a world without law enforcement would require many, many more EMTs and firefighters. Not to mention morgues.
Kennedy remarked that the antifa radical would become a cop themselves if they truly wanted to make a positive difference.
"I am an anarcho-communist!" Isaacson shot back. "I do not want to work within the system. I want to tear the system down root and branch!"
Wait -- a criminal justice college employs this guy?
They went on to argue that the police are "props" for the prison and weapons industries, rather than what they are -- the thin blue line that protects law-abiding citizens from crime, violence, and ultimate anarchy.
Anyone with an interest in European microcomputer games from the 1980s will surely remember Dizzy – the cult classic series starring an anthropomorphic egg.
Dizzy games got their start on the ZX Spectrum and while some of them were arcade-style puzzle games, most of them followed the formula set by the first tittle in the series: slow, methodical and precise platforming and inventory-based puzzle (with both the need to find and use the right items and the added challenge of mananging the limited inventory space).
While Dizzy games originated on home computers, many of the titles were also created for the consoles. This was the case with Wonderland Dizzy, a game for the Nintendo Entertainment System which was basically finished (save for a few bugs) but never released by the publisher, Codemasters.
This year, Oliver Twins (the series creators) found a floppy with the near-complete source code which was subsequently compiled by Łukasz Kur who also fixed several of the game's bugs. The previously lost game can now be played in your web browser or downloaded and played through any NES emulator.
Jonjo Shelvey, John Stones and Jamie Vardy will start for England against San Marino
Roy Hodgson revealed that Jamie Vardy, John Stones and Jonjo Shelvey will all start for England against San Marino. Roy Hodgson revealed that Jamie Vardy, John Stones and Jonjo Shelvey will all start for England against San Marino.
England manager Roy Hodgson has revealed that Jonjo Shelvey, John Stones and Jamie Vardy will all start in the European Qualifier against San Marino on Saturday.
Hodgson maintained their policy of not naming their full starting line-up at their pre-match press conference but confirmed that the promising trio will all get a chance to impress.
Defender Stones, who remains at Everton despite Chelsea's attempts to sign them during the transfer window, will win their fifth cap.
John Stones will start for England against San Marino
And there will be second caps for Swansea midfielder Shelvey and Leicester forward Vardy.
Hodgson, who reported a clean bill of health in their squad, said: "I can say that Jonjo Shelvey will start the game, as will John Stones and Jamie Vardy. I am not prepared to fill in the blanks.
"Stones has done very well and the way they have handled the transfer speculation has been remarkable. It won't affect their play.
"He's been 100 per cent concentrated, focused and motivated to play since he's been with us."
Jonjo Shelvey has been in fine form for Swansea this season
England have cruised through their Group E campaign so far and will be looking to make it seven wins from seven, which will see them qualify for next summer's tournament in France, against the group minnows in Seravalle on Saturday night.
Captain Wayne Rooney is also on the brink of history as they need just two goals to become England's all-time leading goalscorer and beat Sir Bobby Charlton's record of 49.
But Hodgson said results, rather than records, were the Manchester United striker's chief worry.
England manager Roy Hodgson during a stadium visit at the San Marino Stadium, Seravalle
"I do know for certain their main concern is to win the remaining matches we have in the qualifying group," said Hodgson.
"I certainly wouldn't mind them not scoring a goal in those four games as long as we win them all and it wouldn't surprise me if Wayne would say the same thing."
Hodgson admits, though, that giving new players experience could take precedence over maintaining the 100 per cent record in the remaining games.
They said: "If we do qualify either on Saturday or against Switzerland then it's not necessarily that I would put the perfect 10 in front of the opportunity to blood some players in those [final] two games against Estonia and Lithuania. It's a goal but it's not the be-all and end-all."
League1 Ontario, the province's pro-am men's and women's league, will kick off its fifth season in the Spring of 2018 with the largest number of teams in its history.
In total, 31 teams will take the pitch to compete for honours in both the league's Men's and Women's divisions.
“Thanks to the leadership and hard work over the years of our Commissioner, Dino Rossi, our President, Ron Smale and the tremendous commitment from our Club and Academy system, League1 Ontario serves as the premier senior pro-am soccer league in the province,” said Johnny Misley, Chief Executive Officer , Ontario Soccer. “League1 Ontario is proud that, since inception in 2014, over 100 players have graduated through the program to full time professional opportunities in the game.”
Two new organizations will enter League1 Ontario in 2018 – Hamilton United in the Women's division and Alliance United Football Inc. (a partnership between Markham SC and Wexford SC that will be holding a “name the team” contest) in the men's division – while three existing organizations will field new additions.
The 2015 and 2017 League1 Ontario Men's champions, Oakville Blue Devils, have added a women's team for 2018, while both Unionville Milliken SC and Darby FC will augment their women's program with an entry in the Men's division.
“It's very exciting to bring five new teams into League1 Ontario for our fifth season,” said League1 Ontario Commissioner, Dino Rossi Jr.
The First “Rosa Parks,” Claudette Colvin, Moves Beyond Respectability Politics
Black AIDS Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 6, 2016
Claudette Colvin and Larry Mullins at 1010 WINS
by Maya Doig-Acuña
Claudette Colvin speaks with a surprisingly gentle Southern lilt. Turning in their armchair to face 1010 WINS' Larry Mullins at a recent event, they said, “Well, I begin my story like all stories…” Pausing for dramatic effect, they finished, “Once Upon a Time,” and then laughed. Them laughter, like their voice, has a particular gentleness. It bubbles and spills over, before trailing off quietly like a stream meeting soil.
All of this softness is surprising given their historical characterization as loud and defiant. Indeed, those that have heard of Colvin usually know them as the 15-year old from Montgomery, Alabama, who refused to give up their bus seat for a white woman, and was dragged off the bus kicking and screaming. Before some know their name, they know them as the Black girl who resisted segregation with curse words, and who history ignored because of it.
Now 77, Colvin has begun to push back against this narrative, appearing on public forums like 1010 WINS to clarify their role in America's civil rights movement.
In March of 1955, nine months before Rosa Parks' famous act of civil disobedience, teenage Colvin asserted their own right to remain seated. “I could not move because history had me glued to the seat,” explained Colvin. “It felt like Sojourner Truth had pushed me down on one shoulder, and Harriet Tubman on the other.”
Colvin was taken to jail for their resistance and later testified in the landmark case Browder v. Gale — which desegregated public transportation. Still, their story has remained largely unknown, at least compared to Parks'.
This relative anonymity is not a coincidence: Parks was light-skinned, an adult, a seasoned Civil Rights activist, and apparently, more “well-mannered.” Colvin, dark-skinned and young, had spontaneously decided to protest. Moreover, a few months after their arrest, they became pregnant. In short, they did not fit “the image of…someone they [civil rights leaders] would want to show off.” Thus, Civil Rights Era respectability politics silenced Colvin and their story, effectively removing them from historical record until 2008, when author Philip Hoose wrote a YA book about her, Claudette Colvin: Twice Towards Justice.
Civil Rights leaders from the 50's and 60's explained their decision to highlight Parks as politically expedient; E.D. Nixon, president of the Montgomery NAACP and organizer of the Bus Boycotts said, “I had to be sure that I had somebody I could win with.”
Left unsaid is the fact that “winning” during the Civil Rights Movement in part meant capturing the sympathies of white folks, which in part boiled down to reinforcing colorism. At 1010 WINS, Colvin spoke honestly, and seemingly without resentment, about the pervasive colorism during this period: “Oh that was always going on down south!” they said, chuckling again.
Indeed, everyone around Colvin expected them to simply accept their political strategy, even as it erased their act of bravery. Colvin's own mother told her, “the leaders have chosen [Parks], so we will never speak of this again.” For a long time, Colvin did not. But what do we lose when we silence our own?
Colvin's story is particularly resonant in light of our current movement for racial justice. Indeed, Black Lives Matter, unlike the Civil Rights Movement, explicitly rejects respectability politics, and embraces a more inclusive liberation. Colvin reminds us of why this inclusion is important: with a thread of steel in their soft voice, Colvin sat forward in their armchair and said, “I just wanted the other people on the bus to know that this colored girl was tired of Jim Crow.”
We are stronger, and more free, today, because of such clear defiance. Colvin appears to have made their peace with the past, as in they harbor no bitterness toward Parks or other activists. Still, they show us through their willingness to share their story now, that peace is not passive or silent, but instead, as Martin Luther King Jr. once explained, active, present, and loud.
It is truth followed by bubbling laughter.
To hear Part 1 of the conversation between Claudette Colvin and Larry Mullins, click here.
Champions League: Fenerbahce's ban for match-fixing has been upheld
Fenerbahce have been banned from continental competition
A UEFA appeals panel upheld a disciplinary verdict that officials of the Istanbul club helped fix matches during their 2010-11 league title run.
However Fenerbahce, who were also barred from the Champions League two years ago, have the option of challenging the UEFA verdict at the Court of Arbitration for Sport.
Club officials, including president Aziz Yildirim, deny wrongdoing and are appealing their criminal convictions in Turkish courts.
Fener had been excluded from competing in continental competition for three seasons in total, with the third deferred for a probationary period of five years, but that final year of exclusion has now been dropped altogether.
They finished second in the league last season and would have been eligible to enter the Champions League third qualifying round.
Third-placed Besiktas would have been in line to claim the vacant Champions League spot but they have had an appeal against fixing the 2011 Turkish Cup final dismissed.
Fourth-placed Bursaspor will therefore enter the draw on Friday.
George Kennedy, a former professor of journalism at the University of Missouri, made a very shocking claim in a column published by the Missourian. According to their column, "What makes the NRA so feared is its willingness to spend heavily and campaign aggressively in pursuit of its goal of removing all restrictions on the possession and use of firearms just about anywhere by just about anyone." Kennedy went on to compare the NRA to the Islamic State, suggesting that the NRA is more dangerous than ISIS.
Of course, this sparked outrage among American citizens who are staunch supporters of the Second Amendment. The fact that Kennedy can draw parallels between the NRA and the Islamic State shows how uninformed certain people are. It further illustrates that spreading misinformation is easy for "credible" sources — debatable in this instance — like a professor of journalism.
The way their column is set up leads people to believe that the NRA is passing out assault rifles to every Tom, Dick, and Harry. Simple research would assist Kennedy's enlightenment and explain that the NRA advocates for responsible gun ownership through training and education.
The Islamic State advocates for terrorism and radical Islamic ideology that condones brutal acts of unspeakable terror in the name of religion. The two pale in comparison.
Read the rest of the piece at OpsLens.
Angelina Newsom is an OpsLens Contributor and U.S. Army Veteran.
If you would like to write an op-ed for the Washington Examiner, please read our guidelines on submissions here.
Indiegogo and Vimeo strike a deal to bring match funding and distribution to filmmakers.
If you are a filmmaker and you've used Kickstarter exclusively for crowdfunding, you may want to pay close attention to the news coming from Sundance this past weekend. It was announced that Indiegogo and Vimeo are joining forces as a powerhouse support system for filmmakers.
In the agreement, Indiegogo funded films will find that Vimeo is now the “preferred distribution platform” for their content. Vimeo is also setting up an ongoing creator fund, however this fund will be for select funded Indiegogo campaigns. These select films will have exclusive distribution through Vimeo On Demand. “Indiegogo is leading the way for next generation filmmaking,” said Slava Rubin, CEO of Indiegogo.
Mirroring the diversity of our open platform, we are proud to support an incredibly robust community of filmmakers across multiple genres. With the addition of Vimeo as a distribution partner, it is now easier than ever for filmmakers using Indiegogo, to pursue their passions, receive funding, garner global exposure, and deliver their work directly to their fans.
Filmmakers who is a setup their crowdfunding through Indiegogo, will be able to utilize some impressive benefits that you won't find on any other crowdfunding platform. Here are the highlights:
Matching funds : Vimeo's new Creator Fund will commit up to a million dollars in matching funds for select Indiegogo funded film campaigns in 2015.
: Vimeo's new Creator Fund will commit up to a million dollars in matching funds for select Indiegogo funded film campaigns in 2015. Vimeo marketing dollars: Vimeo will contribute digital marketing spend and social promotion for campaigns in the matching funds program and other selected Indiegogo funded film campaigns.
Vimeo will contribute digital marketing spend and social promotion for campaigns in the matching funds program and other selected Indiegogo funded film campaigns. Free unlimited fulfillment : Participating campaigns will have access to free fulfillment on all digital download perks via Vimeo VOD.
: Participating campaigns will have access to free fulfillment on all digital download perks via Vimeo VOD. Discounted Vimeo PRO : Indiegogo film campaigners will be eligible for a substantial discount on a Vimeo PRO membership.
: Indiegogo film campaigners will be eligible for a substantial discount on a Vimeo PRO membership. Featured collection on Vimeo: An ‘Indiegogo Funded Films' collection will be featured on Vimeo, which reaches over 170 million global users a month.
In addition to the above highlights, Indiegogo announced they have joined the newly established Vimeo On Demand Publisher Network. Vimeo is also creating a dedicated Indiegogo WOD home that will rotate selections of Indiegogo funded films curated by Vimeo. “Vimeo is all about giving power to the creators,” said Kerry Trainor, CEO, Vimeo.
This partnership highlights both Vimeo and Indiegogo's continued support of independent filmmakers on a global level, and provides Indiegogo's community of creators an opportunity to be exposed to an even wider audience via Vimeo's transactional VOD platform.
Malcom Carter's The Connected Universe, currently the highest funded documentary film in Indiegogo's history, is the first project to participate in the new partnership.
Taken with Olympus E500 digital camera June 29th 2008. Click image for larger view.
In this picture I have captured what was a fantastic midnight sunset here in Northern Norway. The sunset created some incredible light where this village in the sea was bathed in a beam of sunshine. The picture should be looked at in large size to get a better view of the sunset.
The midnight sun is already gone (I can't believe how fast this summer has passed), but the nights are still very light if the rain clouds could stay away.
The distant village is called Laupstad and is the place where I grew up (hence my last name Laupstad). The mountains in the background is a part of the second largest island in Norway, Senja.
Copyright by KXAN - All rights reserved Back-in parking in San Marcos' town square (Courtesy: City of San Marcos)
Copyright by KXAN - All rights reserved Back-in parking in San Marcos' town square (Courtesy: City of San Marcos)
SAN MARCOS, Texas (KXAN) -- After hearing input from community members and businesses in San Marcos' town square, the city council is reversing its decision on back-in parking on one side of LBJ Drive.
The back-in parking along LBJ Drive and Hutchinson Street was implemented back in December of 2013. Over the past year, more than two dozen businesses signed a petition stating the back-in parking adversely affected their business. All the changes with parking and construction were part of the city's Downtown Master Plan to make the area safer for pedestrians and more accessible to customers.
On Tuesday evening, the San Marcos City Council decided to go back to head-in parking on LBJ Drive but keep back-in parking along Hutchinson Street. The decision will not decrease or increase the amount of parking in the area.
Councilman Scott Gregson's main concern was about the bicyclists in the bike lane. One city staff member indicated they could remove the dedicated bike lane and make one lane on LBJ Drive a wider shared lane.
MARQUETTE, MI-- An email sent to 14 Northern Michigan University students has caused an uproar and led to the creation of an online petition.
The email tells the recipient to go to a professional if they have thoughts of self-harm or are considering destructive actions. It goes on to say those who involve other students in their self-destructive behavior face disciplinary action.
A petition calling for a change in policy has been posted online. Called the “I Care Project”, it has gathered nearly 1,500 signatures and says it's meant to show solidarity with members of the NMU community who suffer with suicidal thoughts.
The petition can be found here.
University officials say struggling students are the number-one priority and need to be taken care of by a professional.
Sign up for the best newsletter EVER!
By Charles Duggery
I have a lot of things in common with English chef Gordon Ramsay, none of which including their culinary skill; I am very angry, I use foul language and I'm very critical of others; the similarities end there. My mother didn't cook at all when I was growing up, when it was dinner time they would send us kids out with change to the closest dollar store to (in their words) figure it out, suffice to say I ate a lot of potted meat. When my mom would cook (which was rare) it would be liver and cabbage. My father wasn't around, they went crab fishing when I was five and never returned, I always dreamed they would come back with pounds of crab for us to eat but they never did.
As an Adult I've learned to scrape by the best I can to feed myself and my cat Freud. I rarely entertain guests and the last time I had a lady over the song “Mambo number 5” by Lou Bega was all over the goddamn radio like the crabbs. I wanted to bring the readers into my world a little bit and tell you about the 5 saddest dinners I've ever eaten.
Spaghetti and hot sauce
Jesus Christ, you know what I had in my pantry to whip up a meal? Nothing except Spaghetti and fucking hot sauce. No butter, not sauce, no pepper; just boiled spaghetti noodles and Bob Saget hot sauce. I hope to never eat this again but the way my goddamn rent goes up who knows. Fuck you landlord, you eat fucking Spaghetti and hot sauce some time and tell me how you like it Mr. Rich guy! They say a lot of Italian cuisine started off as peasant food, well this is fucking ridiculous.
Hot dog wrapped in a tortilla
Again, I opened my fridge and there were only two items that I could combine and gain sustenance from; a dried up old tortilla that I had forgotten about and a loose hotdog that I had to defrost. I remember taking bites out of it and spraying mustard into my mouth and chest (I wasn't wearing a shirt) the wiener wasn't even thawed all the way. Eating bugs would be a step up from this garbage.
Grasshoppers and Salad
I read an article on the Internet that grasshoppers are a great source of nutrition so I went to my friendly pet store on Judah and bought a box of live grasshoppers. They happen to be the same price of a bag of croutons and perhaps twice as delicious on a nice Caesar salad. WRONG! They were hopping' all over the fucking apartment and scaring the shit out of my cat. Good luck getting live Grasshoppers into a salad bowl. Tasted like shit.
Dry Ramen baloney sandwich
Oh lord, this was terrible. You're probably wondering why I didn't just boil the ramen in the first place, I'll tell you. I had my water and power shut off for a week so I couldn't boil any fucking water smart guy! To make things worse the baloney was defiantly rotten, the small blessing being that I couldn't see what I was eating. Once in a while I could get lucky and catch a Grasshopper that had started to colonize my apartment. It was one of the saddest looking sandwiches you've ever fucking seen. Two pieces of dried ramen with green baloney in the middle, why I didn't hang myself that night I'll never know; perhaps it was all the mood altering drugs I'm prescribed.
Dumpster Pizza
I was hungry, I saw a dumpster full of pizza and I wasn't about to ask questions of where it came from. Once I had picked out all the cigarette butts off of it was fine. Don't you judge me! You think when the shit hits the fan and we're all living in Mad Max world you can afford to be a picky eater? You'll be lucky to eat dog food while your ducking Raiders and feral punk rockers. In fact I'm munching on some dumpster pizza as I write this.
Condiment soup
Lets talk some rock bottom shit, just when you could sink any lower the fucking ground caves in and next thing you know your squirting whatever condiments you have lying around into a pan like a pathetic hobo wizard. I mean I was mixing relish and ketchup with barbeque sauce and boiling it, even my cat wouldn't eat it, I'm sad to say I also had the left over's for lunch the next day. I have seen the void and the void stared back.
The end
Last week, French lawmakers voted to remove a law requiring transgender people to undergo sterilization in order to have their gender legally recognized, the Telegraph reports.
More than 20 European countries still require sterilization before legal gender recognition. France is the fourth European nation to ease restrictions on legal gender changes in the last two years, following Denmark, Malta, and Ireland.
While those countries have more liberal policies — gender changes require nothing more than notifying the government — France's move is seen as a major victory. Now, transgender people in France will need to petition the court, but will not be required to undergo any medical procedures.
“These are years of sparring that finally come to fruition,” Sophie Aujean, a spokesperson for ILGA-Europe, a network of LGBTQ organizations, told the Thomson Reuters Foundation. “There is no other population in the world that is asked to be sterilized apart from transgender.”
Removing barriers to legal gender changes should reduce the number of transgender people unable to attain identity documents that reflect their lived gender. Not having matching documents can out transgender people, putting them at increased risk of violence. According to the European Union, transgender Europeans are twice as likely as LGB people to be attacked, threatened, or insulted.
This Story Filed Under
ANALYSIS/OPINION:
A SWAT team armed with machine guns and clad in the latest paramilitary gear descended earlier this month on a small organic farm in Arlington, Texas, looking for marijuana. Drones and helicopters scouted the area while the farm's residents were handcuffed and held at gunpoint. By the end of the 10-hour raid, police failed to find any drugs. Instead, one person was arrested for outstanding traffic violations, and some ordinary bushes and plants were hauled away as “evidence” of nothing more than the growing of tomatoes and blackberries.
As the land's owner, Shellie Smith, explains, they and their fellow farmers just want to go about their business and be left alone: “We have been targeted by the system because we are showing people how to live without it.” This is an example of how training police to become experts in conducting raids creates an incentive to come up with excuses to conduct raids. It's becoming more common as America's police forces adopt military tools, tactics and mindset.
The city of Concord, N.H., found the need the join the bandwagon when it asked the Department of Homeland Security for a $258,000 grant to purchase the domestic version of a tank, a Lenco BearCat G3 armored vehicle. According to the application filed by the local police, the powerful vehicle is needed to protect citizens because “terrorism slants primarily towards the domestic type” in New Hampshire. “Groups such as the Sovereign Citizens, Free Staters and Occupy New Hampshire are active and present daily challenges,” the department explains. City officials are ordering the tanklike vehicle resistant to .50 caliber machine-gun fire and “radiological materials” to deal with a handful of unwashed hippies camping out in front of City Hall singing “Kumbaya.”
It's the sort of overkill ably documented in Radley Balko's new book, “Rise of the Warrior Cop.” Fueled by federal grants, it's not uncommon the find small-town constables stocking up on flash-bang grenades, drones, tanks, grenade launchers, Tasers and an ever-expanding networks of surveillance cameras. “The Founders could never have envisioned police as they exist today,” Mr. Balko writes as they detail the growing use of SWAT teams for actions that were run-of-the-mill police work just a few years ago. SWAT teams have been used to raid poker games, arrest accused white-collar criminals and, as happened in Arlington, raid family farms.
A soldier's job is to accomplish their mission and get home alive. While that works in Afghanistan or Iraq, here at home it can create an attitude elevating police officer safety above the safety of the public. This was seen in February when the Los Angeles Police Department went on a manhunt for Christopher Dorner, a former cop who allegedly shot and killed three officers. Dorner owned a blue Nissan pickup truck, but when overzealous officers happened upon a blue Toyota truck, they riddled it with 102 bullets. Had they bothered verifying their target, they might have noticed that a mother and daughter, not Dorner, were inside the vehicle delivering newspapers. Fortunately, the women survived, as did another innocent truck driver who was also shot at on the same day.
Police have a tough enough job without city leaders begging for federal money to turn them into domestic soldiers. Congress must restore a proper balance by pulling the plug on federal support for militarization efforts. If cities had to pay for these weapons and gadgets of war out of their own pockets, their dreams of raiding harmless family farms looking for unpasteurized milk and blackberry bushes would soon fade away.
The Washington Times
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Dec. 18, 2014, 7:00 PM GMT / Updated Dec. 18, 2014, 8:08 PM GMT
Non-prescription ibuprofen — pills that scores swallow to soothe headaches or sore backs — might add vigorous years to our lives while erasing the pain of our days, asserts a study released Thursday. Regular doses were found in lab experiments to extend lifespans — with healthy bonus time — in worms, flies and yeast, report researchers from Texas A&M University and the Buck Institute for Researching on Aging in Northern California.
The ibuprofen administered to test subjects was comparable to recommended amounts for humans, said co-author Michael Polymenis, a Texas A&M AgriLife Research biochemist. The treatments gave the organisms roughly 15 percent more life — equal to about 12 human years. The study was published in the journal Public Library of Science-Genetics.
Why ibuprofen pushed those lifespans remains unclear. But Polymenis theorizes it may rest with the drug's interference in the ability of cells to absorb tryptophan, an amino acid in proteins.
“There are open questions. For example, is it the low tryptophan amounts inside the cell that extend lifespan, perhaps akin to dietary restriction?” Polymenis said. The researchers do not recommend daily doses of ibuprofen based on their results. The National Science Foundation, the National Institutes of Health, the Ellison Medical Foundation and the Glenn Foundation for Medical Research paid for the study.
IN-DEPTH
This is the conclusion of a response to an article about the Problem of Evil by apologist Mikel Del Rosario (read part 1 of this response here).
Del Rosario raises three points. Let's continue with their point #2.
2. The Problem of Evil Doesn't Mean There's No God
The Christian worldview gives us another option that atheists often leave out of the equation. … God can have good reasons for allowing evil—even if we don't know what those reasons are.
This error is so common that it needs a name, so I'll name it: the Hypothetical God Fallacy. Sure, if we presuppose an omniscient God, this gets us out of every possible jam in which God looks bad. Banda Aceh tsunami? God could've had good reasons. A young mother, beloved in their community, dies suddenly and leaves behind a husband and three children? A result of God's good reasons. Genocide demanded and slavery accepted in the Old Testament? World War? Plane crash? Missing keys?
God.
This short article is peppered with this fallacy. React to it as an allergen:
If God is good and evil exists … The mere fact that I can't figure out why God allows some of the things to happen that they do … is not warrant for the conclusion that he's got no such reasons. It actually takes some humility to admit the role of human finiteness in understanding why God allows evil. Just because something might seem pointless to us, doesn't mean God can't have a morally justified reason for it.
Yes, bad things in the world don't force the conclusion that God can't exist. Fortunately, I don't draw such a conclusion. And yes, if God exists, they could have their reasons for things that we don't understand.
The Hypothetical God Fallacy is a fallacy because no one interested in the truth starts with a conclusion (God exists) and then arranges the facts to support that conclusion. That's backwards. Rather, the truth seeker starts with the facts and then follows them to their conclusion. (I've written more here.)
If God exists, they could have terrific reasons for why there's so much gratuitous evil in the world. The same could be true for the Invisible Pink Unicorn (glitter be upon Him). Neither approach does anything to support a belief chosen beforehand.
3. The Problem of Evil Isn't Just a Christian Problem
The Problem of Evil isn't just a Christian problem. Evil is everybody's problem!
Then you don't know what the Problem of Evil is, because it is precisely just a Christian problem. The Problem of Evil asks, How can a good God allow all the gratuitous evil we see in our world? Drop the God presupposition, and the problem goes away.
You could ask the different question, How does an atheist explain the bad in the world? Quick answer: shit happens. Some is bad luck (mechanical problem causes a car accident), some is natural (flood), some is caused by other people (jerky coworker badmouths you to the boss and you don't get the promotion), and some is caused by you (you didn't bother getting the flood insurance). Adding God to the equation explains nothing and introduces the Problem of Evil so that you're worse off than when you started.
Del Rosario again:
If atheism is true, there's no basis for objective moral values and duties.
Sounds right, but why imagine that objective moral values exist, besides wishful thinking? What many apologists perceive as objective moral values are actually just shared moral values. That we share moral values isn't too surprising since we're all the same species. Nothing supernatural is required.
Del Rosario stumbles over another issue with morality.
You couldn't have any kind of real, moral grounding to call it objectively evil—if atheism is true.
He's using “real” to mean ultimate or objective. And here again, the ball's in their court to convince us of their remarkable claim that objective morality exists and that everyone can access it. (Suggestion: find a resolution to the abortion problem that is universally acceptable. If there's not a single correct resolution then it's not an objective moral truth, and if we can't reliably access it, then it's useless.)
As for the ordinary, everyday sort of moral grounding, the kind that both Christians and atheists use, you'll find that in the dictionary. Look up “morality,” and you'll read nothing about objective grounding.
We have one final challenge:
The atheist position's got another problem to deal with: The Problem of Good. In other words, naturalism has the challenge of providing a sufficient moral grounding for goodness itself—in addition to making sense of evil in the world. And that's a pretty tall order for a philosophy with absolutely no room for God.
What's difficult? We're good because of evolution. We're social animals, like wolves and chimpanzees, so we have cooperative traits like honesty, cooperation, sympathy, trustworthiness, and so on.
The God hypothesis adds nothing to the conversation, and we must watch out for it being smuggled in as a presupposition. And we're back where we started from, wondering where the good Christian arguments are.
You don't need religion to have morals.
If you can't determine right from wrong
then you lack empathy, not religion.
(seen on the internet)
Photo credit: Wikipedia
Bengaluru: India is witnessing massive raids by the Income Tax Department post note ban decision by the government in order to arrest fake and black money holders. A big number of both old and new notes have been recovered in these raids from Bengaluru, Panjim and Faridabad besides the national capital.
Rs 2.25 crores has been seized in Bengaluru by the IT Department in new currency, while Rs. 68 lakh has been seized in Panjim.In Faridabad, four were arrested with new currency of over Rs. 25 lakh in the new Rs. 2000 notes.Meanwhile, in Delhi, yet another raid was carried out at a hotel in Karol Bagh following which the massive amount of Rs. 3. 25 crores was recovered in old notes.Upon interrogation it was found that the money belongs to some Bombay based hawala operators, who have hired packaging specialists who pack these notes in such a manner that it was even undetectable by airport scanning machines.
These experts in packaging use a particular type of tape and wires which passes through X-ray also without being detected.The IT Department has seized the cash and is analyzing the mobile details which allegedly contain details of a lot of other hawala operators.This recent raid comes in the wake of yet another raid carried out in the national capital, where in a joint raid conducted by the Income Tax Department and the Delhi Police, Rs. 10 crores was recovered from a law firm in Greater Kailash area.
Acting on a tip-off, the police recovered Rs. 2.5 crore in new currency notes and the balance Rs.7.5 crores in old currency notes from the T&T law firm owned by Rohit Tondon late on Saturday night.Following the massive raids on the premises of three Chennai-based business people, the Income Tax Department last Saturday confirmed seizing Rs 24 crores in new currency notes in Vellore, Tamil Nadu.
During an investigation, the IT department found out that some cash was hidden in a car in Vellore, upon which it was discovered that all currency was in the form of Rs 2,000 notes in 12 boxes of Rs 2 crore each.Upon interrogation of those detained in Chennai, a breakthrough was made in the recovery of this cash wherein the IT sleuths laid a trap for the person transporting Rs 24 crores in Vellore and subsequently seized the currency.
Interrogation is currently underway of those who were detained in Chennai which could lead to further recoveries.Following demonetisation, the Enforcement Directorate (ED) had carried out massive raids in 50 branches of 10 banks across the nation in an attempt to keep a tab on those account holders, who deposited huge amounts at one time.
With ANI Inputs
Rebekah vetoed BBC man and told Cameron they should give No10 job to Andy Coulson
Disgraced former News International boss Rebekah Brooks intervened to persuade David Cameron to make ex-News of the World editor Andy Coulson their spin doctor, it was claimed last night.
 They are understood to have urged Mr Cameron to scrap plans to give the job to a senior BBC journalist. Mr Cameron was told it should go to someone who was ‘acceptable' to News International.
The disclosure increases pressure on Mr Cameron over their close links to Mrs Brooks and the Murdoch empire.
Rebekah Brooks (left) is understood to have urged David Cameron to make Andy Coulson (right) their spin doctor
It follows the revelation that Mr Coulson stayed at the Prime Minister's country residence, Chequers, two months after they were forced to quit as Downing Street's head of communications over the phone-hacking scandal.
Cameron had intended to appoint the BBC's Guto Harri as their media chief
Mr Cameron met News International executives 26 times in 15 months.
Mr Cameron had been on the brink of appointing the BBC's Guto Harri as their media chief when they were Opposition leader. Mr Harri and their family spent a weekend with the Camerons in 2007 to discuss the job offer.
However, it went to Mr Coulson after Mrs Brooks got involved, according to sources in the Tory party and at News International.
 They are said to have told Mr Cameron that the post should go to Mr Coulson to strengthen links between the Tories and News International. They had resigned a few months earlier than News of the World editor over the phone-hacking storm.
An individual intimately involved in Mr Coulson's recruitment said: ‘Rebekah indicated the job should go to Andy. Cameron was told it should be someone acceptable to News International.
'The company was also desperate to find something for Andy after they took the rap when the phone hacking first became an issue. The approach was along the lines of, “If you find something for Andy we will return the favour”.'
Mr Coulson, who was arrested this month over the phone-hacking furore, resigned from the News of the World in January 2007. Weeks later, the paper's Royal correspondent Clive Goodman was jailed for phone-hacking.
Coulson got the job for Cameron after Brooks got involved
Mr Coulson's appointment as Mr Cameron's communications director in July 2007 came after they were close to agreeing to give the post to Welshman Mr Harri, who was then the BBC's North America business correspondent.
When Mr Coulson moved into Downing Street after last year's Election, Mr Cameron's director of strategy Steve Hilton was given confidential information concerning the extent of Mr Coulson's alleged involvement in phone-hacking. They passed it on to the Prime Minister's chief of staff, Ed Llewellyn.
Mr Cameron now says the information was not passed on to him.
George Osborne, who was then Shadow Chancellor, also urged Mr Cameron to pick Mr Coulson over Mr Harri. ‘George is fixated with following how Tony Blair did everything but the decisive factor was Rebekah,' said a Tory aide.
In 2009, the News of the World and The Sun abandoned support for Gordon Brown and switched to Mr Cameron.
Mr Harri went on to be communications director for Mr Cameron's Tory rival, London Mayor Boris Johnson.
Despite the stereotypes, suburban communities are now at the cutting edge of racial, ethnic and even political change in America. Racially integrated suburbs are growing faster than their white counterparts. Diverse suburban neighborhoods now outnumber those in their central cities by more than two to one. Fully 44 percent of suburban residents in the 50 largest U.S. metropolitan areas live in racially integrated communities, places between 20 and 60 percent non-white.
Integrated suburbs represent some of the nation's greatest hopes and its gravest challenges. The rapidly growing diversity of the United States, which is reflected in the rapid changes seen in suburban communities, suggests a degree of declining racial bias and at least the partial success of fair housing laws. Yet the fragile demographic stability in these newly integrated suburbs – as well as the rise of poor virtually non-white suburbs – presents serious challenges for local, state and federal governments. Data indicates that policymakers could pay a political price for failing to connect with "swing" voters in these integrated suburban communities: Integrated suburbs are the only places that have nearly equal enrollment in the major political parties.
In America, integrated communities have a hard time staying integrated for extended periods.
By mid-century, the increasingly metropolitan nation that is the United States will have no racial majority. Last year a majority of the children born in the United States and nearly half of students in public schools were non-white. Almost 60 percent of U.S population lives in the 50 largest regions, 80 percent in its metropolitan areas. At the same time, a growing number of central city blacks and Latinos experience apartheid levels of segregation and civic dysfunction. In comparison, despite challenges, integrated suburbs are gaining in population and prosperity. Given these trends, ensuring successful racially integrated communities represent the best policy path for the nation's educational, economic and political success.
Stably integrated suburbs are places where whites and non-whites can grow up, study, work, and govern together effectively. Integrated communities have the greatest success eliminating racial disparities in education and economic opportunity. While non-whites in integrated communities have seen improvements in these areas, non-white residents of segregated urban communities are further behind than ever. In integrated communities, whites and non-whites have the most positive perceptions of one another. These communities are much more likely to be politically balanced and functional places that provide high quality government services at affordable tax rates than high-poverty, segregated areas. In environmental terms, they are denser, more walkable, more energy-efficient and otherwise more sustainable than outer suburbs, and benefit from their proximity both to central cities and outer suburban destinations.
Copyright by WNCN - All rights reserved Party Rock fire near Lake Lure (Michele Schwartz)
Copyright by WNCN - All rights reserved Party Rock fire near Lake Lure (Michele Schwartz)
DURHAM, N.C. (WNCN) - A group of firefighters from the Durham Fire Department are headed out to western North Carolina to provide help as at least 15 wildfires rage in the region.
Copyright by WNCN - All rights reserved CLICK FOR MORE PHOTOS FROM THE FIRES
Copyright by WNCN - All rights reserved CLICK FOR MORE PHOTOS FROM THE FIRES
Eight firefighters left the fire station around 6:45 a.m. Thursday. The two four-man crews are expected to be battling wildfires for at least three days. They'll be working 12-hour shifts while they do it.
The crews will provide structural protection for towns that are in the path of the Party Rock fire near Lake Lure - much of the area has already been evacuated.
Capt. Sean Boone with the Durham Fire Department said crews are heading out to the wildfires because they were asked and are ready and willing to help.
"Durham had the manpower and the state was asking for help and we're glad to go help," they said. "Whatever they need us to do, we'll do."
8 #Durham firefighters, a pickup truck and fire engine now headed to western NC. #ncwildfires @WNCN pic.twitter.com/8xwuwsu6f4 — Lauren Haviland (@LaurenWNCN) November 17, 2016
Durham isn't the only local department sending fire crews to the area. Many have already been sent from Durham, in addition to crews from Wake and Orange counties.
On Tuesday, the Chapel Hill Fire Department sent four more firefighters to relieve another crew.
Chief Matthew Sullivan said they believed it's their responsibility to send more crews if they're able.
"That's our responsibility. I think it's our responsibility as a community in North Carolina to provide. We have assets and we're blessed with nice weather right now, but we've also had our own share of disasters where we've received support from other agencies so we want to return that favor," they said.
Another Chapel Hill firefighter who has already returned from western North Carolina said the conditions are rough and that most crew members are walking up to 15 miles per day and the air quality has been terrible.
Boone said their crews are expecting to work hard and deal with difficult conditions.
"[It will be] a lot of hard work. You know, it's going to be taxing and it's not glamorous out there in the woods," they said. "Whatever they need, we are ready to do it."
Hasse Profile Joined November 2003 Sweden 579 Posts Last Edited: 2011-05-20 16:18:25 #1
So i've been thinking lately about starting up an e-sportsbar in Stockholm or possibly just approaching an already existing bar host sort of theme-night with e-sports of all sorts (i'm thinking cs, HoN and ofcourse SC2) and i'm checking TL to see if there's actually demand for something like this.
If you have some thoughts on the matter or demands for it to be a success, feel free to share!
Poll: Would you go to an E-sports bar if there was one in Stockholm?
I would love to go to an E-Sportsbar! (967)
88%
I'd love to go to an Esportsbar, but i'm not 18. (61)
6%
I would go to an E-sportthemed night if It's once a week. (42)
4%
E-sportsbar? I want to watch E-sports alone at home rather than at a bar. (27)
2%
1097 total votes (967)88%(61)6%(42)4%(27)2%1097 total votes Your vote: Would you go to an E-sports bar if there was one in Stockholm? (Vote): I would love to go to an E-Sportsbar!
(Vote): I would go to an E-sportthemed night if It's once a week.
(Vote): E-sportsbar? I want to watch E-sports alone at home rather than at a bar.
(Vote): I'd love to go to an Esportsbar, but i'm not 18.
Edit:
Will hopefully *fingers crossed* rent a bar for the MLG Columbus Semifinal + Finals on the MLG sunday and just thought i'd throw up another poll to see how many will come.
To keep this a bit more under control I ask you not to vote if you're not from sweden.
So for the swedes!
Poll: Do you want to come watch the MLG with likeminded people at a bar?
Yes (126)
94%
Maybe (5)
4%
No (3)
2%
134 total votes (126)94%(5)4%(3)2%134 total votes Your vote: Do you want to come watch the MLG with likeminded people at a bar? (Vote): Yes
(Vote): No
(Vote): Maybe
Hello fello Liquiders!So i've been thinking lately about starting up an e-sportsbar in Stockholm or possibly just approaching an already existing bar host sort of theme-night with e-sports of all sorts (i'm thinking cs, HoN and ofcourse SC2) and i'm checking TL to see if there's actually demand for something like this.If you have some thoughts on the matter or demands for it to be a success, feel free to share!Edit:Will hopefully *fingers crossed* rent a bar for the MLG Columbus Semifinal + Finals on the MLG sunday and just thought i'd throw up another poll to see how many will come. You can get alot more with a kind word and a gun, than just a kind word - Al Capone
AntiSleep Profile Joined April 2010 Canada 79 Posts Last Edited: 2011-05-12 17:55:20 #2 that sounds like a interesting idea, but i think once a week at most, unless it was also a cybercafe too? then atleast you will always have people hanging around and drinking.
DarkPlasmaBall Profile Blog Joined March 2010 United States 37872 Posts #3 I think that concept is awesome, and I'd glady go if I didn't live in the United States.
Dee-Kej Profile Blog Joined May 2010 Sweden 191 Posts Last Edited: 2011-05-12 18:05:01 #4 Noooooo, you stole my idea! (that wouldn't have been implemented in years)
I would so go. O_O And I can, since I live in Stockholm. Woohoo!
Edit: I'd even lend a hand making it possible if I could (in terms of manpower) Going progame(make)r!!
PassiveAce Profile Blog Joined February 2011 United States 6426 Posts #5
I'm not entirely convinced that there is a large market for that kind of thing though. But then again there is probably a bigger market for that kind of thing in Stockholm then where I live in downtown Detroit XD That sounds like a really interesting concept. I don't live in sweden, but if there was a club near my place that specialized in that clientele I would definatly show up from time to timeI'm not entirely convinced that there is a large market for that kind of thing though. But then again there is probably a bigger market for that kind of thing in Stockholm then where I live in downtown Detroit XD 7844 | D:8 | Got a distressingly furry buckler
Clearout Profile Blog Joined April 2010 Norway 1027 Posts #6 The details of how to implement such things seem a bit tricky though ( for a pure e-sport bar), best of luck and hope you succeed! I would travel just to go to thatThe details of how to implement such things seem a bit tricky though ( for a pure e-sport bar), best of luck and hope you succeed! really?
Morale Profile Joined August 2010 Sweden 1005 Posts #7 i was gunna go for "I would love to go to an E-Sportsbar!" but went for "I'd love to go to an Esportsbar, but i'm not 18."
Would be awesome, if its possible it would be nice if u could watch GSL and maybe NASL there aswell, times would be far from optimal tho. Also show some online weekly leagues. Maybe invite the progamers currentley in Stockholm! I clicked wrong optioni was gunna go for "I would love to go to an E-Sportsbar!" but went for "I'd love to go to an Esportsbar, but i'm not 18."Would be awesome, if its possible it would be nice if u could watch GSL and maybe NASL there aswell, times would be far from optimal tho. Also show some online weekly leagues. Maybe invite the progamers currentley in Stockholm!
MiniRoman Profile Blog Joined September 2003 Canada 3953 Posts #8 Is this a drinking bar?
If so yes and see you in Sweden when it opens Nak Allstar.
Superouman Profile Blog Joined August 2007 France 2077 Posts #9 Huh Oh, this is really a great idea. I believe you will need to have a pcbang during the day and open the bar part at something like 7 or 8pm. this way you could have the people hanging at the pcbang take a drink and watch some matches.
futsel Profile Joined August 2006 163 Posts #10 damn! if there was a e-sport bar at my city, this would be the place I'd spent my evenings at!
great idea, hope it works out (financially). it's all a joke
Torte de Lini Profile Blog Joined September 2010 Germany 30667 Posts #11 I don't drink, but I always loved social gathering places to watch sports, I just don't like sports besides Football, so this would work. https://twitter.com/#!/TorteDeLini (@TorteDeLini)
JLew Profile Joined February 2011 Canada 353 Posts #12 I'm in Canada so it's irrelevant, but in a big enough city with enough gamers ( from what I read there is a ton in Stockholm ) this would be a good idea to try out if you could do it for cheap enough. I think you would need to have it serve as a PC bang during the days so people under 18 can get in and play and then after 9 PM 18 + and serve alcohol and broadcast matches. @Triumph_eSports . www.Triumph-eSports.com
Apoo Profile Joined January 2011 413 Posts #13 I think its a great idea and it can be succesful, its a matter of where do you set it up to reach your target group. And of course you need to promote it so that you get some guests
Hellie Profile Joined April 2010 Sweden 94 Posts #14 I seriously doubt you can dedicate an entire bar to E-sports, not yet anyway. However, having theme-nights with e-sports would be awesome, and would definitely draw quite a crowd if decently advertised. I hope this idea becomes more than just an idea, seeing as I live in Stockholm. GL! It's the least I can do.
Alejandrisha Profile Blog Joined July 2010 United States 5340 Posts #15 If there was one nearby me, in US, I'd go there all the time! Probably way more realistic in the esports countries in Europe like the Netherlands/Sweden, though. A nerd can only dream.... get rich or die mining.
Whiplash Profile Blog Joined October 2008 United States 2801 Posts #16 If I ever visit Stockholm I will be sure to visit your E-sports bar if it is ever constructed, I really hope your idea works. Check out the Mana bar in Australia, its a similar concept that has worked out really well. Former professional broadcaster. Back in college to get a degree, then back to e-Sports!
fush Profile Blog Joined August 2010 Canada 561 Posts #17 Sounds awesome... Going to sweden for a week in August, and if this is open by then I'll wanna go any chance I get
Hasse Profile Joined November 2003 Sweden 579 Posts #18 Thanks for the feedback guys!
I've been thinking about the internetcafé side of things aswell, but computers take a lot of room, they heat up the room and it might be a serious firehazard to have a bunch of computers near intoxicated gamers. But its definetly worth thinking of a way around all that!
What I thought about was just having some sort of collaboration with Inferno Online and having a reduced prex for beer in return for a free hour of gaming at their place or something like that.
I'll probably start looking at bars for a themenight tomorrow and see if there's any barowners that might be interrested in something like this, I hope that there are a few openminded swedes left in the restaurant business!
You can get alot more with a kind word and a gun, than just a kind word - Al Capone
[sPoOn] Profile Joined April 2011 United States 29 Posts #19 On May 13 2011 03:15 Alejandrisha wrote:
If there was one nearby me, in US, I'd go there all the time! Probably way more realistic in the esports countries in Europe like the Netherlands/Sweden, though. A nerd can only dream....
where in the states do u live? i'm thinking of opening one in NY, seeing all the chit-chat going on about TSL3 final and after party, would be good to do. But it needs to have enough option to keep it interesting. besides, most of the clientele is -21 which is drinking age here so it' gets more complicated.
where in the states do u live? i'm thinking of opening one in NY, seeing all the chit-chat going on about TSL3 final and after party, would be good to do. But it needs to have enough option to keep it interesting. besides, most of the clientele is -21 which is drinking age here so it' gets more complicated. You may run, but be prepared to feel a sharp and fatal pain between your shoulder blades.
JoxxOr Profile Blog Joined September 2007 Sweden 1499 Posts #20 ! I would love going to an e-sport bar. Please keep us updated if it ever comes to life Gör om, gör rätt
1 2 3 4 5 10 11 12 Next All
A protest following the one which saw Tánaiste Joan Burton trapped in their car.
A protest following the one which saw Tánaiste Joan Burton trapped in their car.
OVER 20 PEOPLE will have charges brought against them in connection with an anti-water charges protest in Jobstown in Tallaght at which Tánaiste Joan Burton was trapped in their car for hours.
RTÉ News reports that the Director of Public Prosecutions has ordered that charges including false imprisonment, violent disorder and criminal damage be brought.
Over 40 people were arrested following the protest, which took place as Burton was speaking at a further education graduation.
The Garda Press Office told TheJournal.ie that the investigation is ongoing and “it would not be appropriate to comment”.
The Department of Justice says that the issue is a matter for the DPP.
It is not yet known if those charged will receive a summons to appear in court or be arrested.
Burton eventually left the scene in a Garda car after a tense stand-off with demonstrators, who banged on their vehicle chanting various slogans, including “peaceful protest”.
Those arrested in the two months after the protest included TD Paul Murphy and councillors Kieran Mahon and Mick Murphy.
Source: RollingNews.ie
Murphy this evening told TheJournal.ie that they believe they are one of those who will be charged with false imprisonment.
Murphy says that the charge is “very serious”, carrying a sentence of up to life imprisonment.
“The protest did not go beyond of other protests. There are multiple protests in the past where this has happened to minister.
“I don't think anyone who took part in the protest deserves to spend time time in prison.
It will be up to a jury to decide if the facts stand up to a false imprisonment charge. I don't think they do.
“The mechanisms of this, I don't know fully, but there is a clear political context here. That being that Irish Water is in trouble with non-payment and failing the Eurostat.
“It could be to discourage people from protesting, but I think it will backfire on the establishment. Massive resources will now be used on these cases.
If this is politically motivated, it has been badly, badly misjudged. People will not welcome Joan Burton being the star witness in a case of a protest which delayed them for two hours.
If Murphy is convicted for over six months, they can be removed from office under the 1992 Electoral Act.
When asked to explain why the American people should care that Russia tried to influence the 2016 presidential election, former CIA Director John Brennan was not shy. "Our ability to choose our elected leaders as we see fit is an inalienable right we must protect with all of our resources and all of our authority and power," they told the House Intelligence Committee on Tuesday.
"For the last 241 years, this nation and its citizens have cherished the freedom and liberty that this country was founded upon," Brennan said. "Many, many brave Americans over the years have lost their lives to be able to protect that freedom and liberty."
Brennan added: "The fact that the Russians tried to influence that election so that the will of the American people was not going to be realized … I find outrageous and something that we need to, with every last ounce of devotion to this country, resist." Watch Brennan's stirring speech below and read more about their testimony here at The Week. Jeva Lange
Fans of the blockbuster series Sons of Anarchy may have just gotten the best news of their entire lives. With the exception of being told that the series will not be ending with Season 7, which it is unfortunately planned to, the news couldn't possibly be any more exciting.
Series creator Kurt Sutter announced today via Twitter than they would be penning a manuscript known as ‘The Life and Death of Sam Crow'. What is that, you may ask? That would be the manuscript of one John Teller.
You heard me correctly; the manuscript of Jax' father, SAMCRO Co-Founder, and the very first President of the MC.
I'll BE WRITING JT'S MANUSCRIPT: THE LIFE AND DEATH OF SAM CROW. we will release it the day after the final episode of the series. — kurt sutter (@sutterink) October 30, 2013
Those of you who have been around since the beginning remember hearing Jax read from their father's journal. Inside its pages, it reveals J.T.'s most intimate thoughts. Everything from the club's early beginnings, the death of their son Thomas, their relationship with Jax' mother Gemma, the inevitable betrayal of their best friend Clay Morrow, and ultimately, what they wanted for their son Jax and their eventual grandchildren.
J.T.'s words have guided Jax on their journey to the head of the table. It is the ideals of their father that have led them to where they are now, and that movement to bring the Sons of Anarchy out of the gun trade and into legitimate business.
This is going to be a fantastic read. It should provide a lot of insight into the inner workings of Jax' mind, and the story of the man who started it all.
According to Sutter, the manuscript will be released the day after the final episode of the series.
There's more to snakes than meets the eye
By Emily Coslovich, Ashleigh Fortington
Fear of snakes is one of the most common phobias in the world. This is, of course, for good reason considering they have the reputation of being feisty and potentially fatally venomous! However, behind that façade is a creature that is fascinating, unreal and valuable slithering right beneath our noses.
Helping us shed some light on the world of snakes, the authors of Australia's Dangerous Snakes draw from their experiences in the fields of herpetology, toxinology and clinical medicine, to present us with the overt facts about what Australia's venomous snakes are really like.
Here's some striking fast-facts you can sink your teeth into, bound to get you hooked on learning more about this slithering species.
Most juvenile snakes born do not survive. A female brown snake may produce over 700 eggs in their lifetime but on average, only 2 offspring will survive to adulthood.
No-one has ever died from a bite from the world's most deadly snake, the inland taipan.
Snake venom is a potpourri of different toxins, not just a single toxin. Most of the toxins act simultaneously and at different rates. The major ones from Australian snakes are clotting activators and inhibitors, nerve blockers and muscle toxins.
Snakes are rarely active on very hot days and some species like it cool and overcast. Tiger snakes and red bellies are happy at around 17 deg C ambient and overcast. Northern snakes like it a bit warmer.
And did you know that male snakes have 2 penises!
What's your poison?
So here's the deal – if a snake is venomous, this doesn't necessarily mean it's dangerous. Australia is home to 205 species of snakes. Of those 65% are venomous, but only 32% are considered dangerous, meaning their bites could be life-threatening.
For example, the Bardick, Echiopsis curta, is a venomous snake. It sounds scary, right? In fact its venom is only mildly venomous to humans so it's not considered to be dangerous. So, if you happen to get bitten by a Bardick, it's unlikely you'll be seriously harmed.
Another not-so-dangerous snake is the Mosaic sea snake, Aipysurus mosaicus. This sea snake's venom can cause pain and inflammation but due to its diet (which consists exclusively of fish eggs) it has lost its fangs and its venom glands have deteriorated so it poses a minimal threat!
Snakebite medicine
Snakes, just like all other native animals in the ecosystem help to provide an equilibrium. They prey on a wide range of our native and non-native species, playing their part in keeping everything balanced. But did you know our dangerous species also play an important role in modern-day medicine? Snake venom is increasingly being used for medical research on a number of fronts, and ironically its being found that the toxins in venom that have the potential to harm us, are also able to be used to save us.
For example, hemotoxin found in snake venom attacks our body's blood clotting ability but is also being used in research to treat heart attacks and blood disorders. Likewise neurotoxins such as notexin from the Tiger snake and taipoxin from the Taipan have been used in research to unlock mechanisms in our neuromuscular systems. The lifesaving treatment us humans need could be just around the corner, still to be discovered in the properties of a snake's venom.
Turning phobia into fascination
Like many humans, snakes enjoy the simple life: with daily activities that consist of making dinner, finding a home and settling down. Biting us is usually the least of their priorities so we're encouraged to not fear our dangerous species. After all, they are an interesting bunch!
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Li Tingting in an undated photo, where they are seen holding a sign calling for more women's bathrooms in buildings
The detentions came right before International Women's Day.
Five women who all worked as activists for various feminist causes and had organised public events to raise awareness of a host of issues, from eradicating domestic violence to the need for more women's toilets in China.
Few predicted the women would ever become targets of the authorities, since their causes seemed relatively unobjectionable.
That is, until last March, when the women were planning a multi-city protest to call for an end to sexual harassment on public transport.
The size of their networks and their determination to speak out in public appeared to unnerve the authorities. One by one, they were detained by police.
The protests the women had planned were supposed to be peaceful; the treatment they endured in Chinese detention centres was not.
Image caption (Clockwise from top left) Zheng Churan, Li Tingting, Wang Man, Wu Rongrong, and Wei Tingting
For more than a month, the women were subject to continual interrogations by police.
All were forced to sleep on floors, and some were denied vital medication.
One woman, Wu Rongrong, was repeatedly told by police that "we'll tie you up, throw you in a cell with men, and let them gang rape you".
They also threatened the future of Wu's four-year-old son.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Wu Rongrong, seen here in an undated photo
Another woman, Li Tingting, was interrogated 49 times in 27 days.
A global campaign to push for their release ensued, and there was an outpouring of relief on Twitter when the #FreetheFive group were released.
Months later, the women remain under police surveillance. The group is pushing for their case to be withdrawn. Li Tingting told the BBC they believe the police want a swift conclusion too.
"They probably want to retract the case now, because there's nothing to investigate," they explain. "They are also afraid of us demanding compensation. They need to close this case and return my passport to me."
Where does the wider women's movement stand after the Feminist Five detentions?
In some ways, this is a very dark time for anyone who wants to shape Chinese government policy, to change the way things work from outside of the Communist Party's machinations.
"In the next few years, I don't think it's looking good," Li Tingting says. "The space for us to do things has narrowed greatly in the past few years."
Image copyright CFP Image caption Li Tingting, pictured in the middle, had previously protested against domestic violence
'Women's clubs'
Chinese civil society has suffered under the rule of Chinese President Xi Jinping. Thousands of activists, dissidents and defence lawyers have been targeted by the authorities.
Many non-governmental organisations have been forced to shut their doors, or dramatically scale back their activities.
But some groups appear unscathed. Yolanda Wang operates a women's circle that helps more than 50,000 women share professional contacts and experiences online.
"My male friends, they have 'man clubs' where they share their connections, work opportunities and experiences, and support each other," they reason. "Why not have a professional women's circle for corporate women to share their experiences?"
Yolanda appears to feel little connection with the Feminist Five, or the issues they raise.
"Personally, I think I have the right to do whatever I want," they say.
"I feel like for me and the women around me, the professional women and women in the corporate world, I never feel like I have difficulties or there are things I cannot do, or that I am limited. I have a lot of hope and confidence that women can stand up for themselves in China."
Still, Yolanda has felt the need to make a stand on some matters. In 2014, they participated in the "Leftover Monologues", a stage play examining the pressures felt by unmarried women in their late 20s.
"If you're single, you shouldn't be ashamed," they explain.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Zheng Churan, seen in this undated photo with a sign protesting the availability of jobs for female graduates
The detentions and subsequent release of the Feminist Five have also resulted in positive changes for the women's movement in China.
According to Beijing based writer and commentator Zhang Lijia, the movement has become more cohesive since the Spring.
"Before there were different pockets of women activists. For example, those working on LGBT issues, or promoting gender equality.
There were some connections among the associations, of course, but that hadn't worked together. Now they have a common enemy in some sense," they explain.
"One thing I know for certain is that those detentions may have deterred some people, but more likely that most people just become more careful and more aware of the dangers they are facing," Ms Zhang continues.
Image copyright CFP Image caption Wang Man, third from left, had previously protested in front of a court trying a domestic violence case. The sign reads: "Zero tolerance for domestic violence"
Some women participated in small scale protests during the Feminist Five's detentions, but they took precautions. They wore masks resembling the detained women's faces to hide their own identities.
The Feminist Five have received a major boost in their profiles. Many follow the women's online blogs. Some of the women continue various campaigns to influence government policy.
On 19 November, for example, Li Tingting joined activists from ten other cities to demand more women's toilets in China.
Ms Li appears to be cautiously optimistic for the future.
"Before [the detentions], many outside China didn't know we had women's rights activists in China. It's a good thing in some ways," they say.
"But we need spontaneous participation from women and a push for more women to wake up," they say. "Only when calls for change come from women can they be heard in our society."
This week vandals sprayed the words "Jews" and the Nazi slogan "Sieg Heil" on the office windows of the Lausitzer Rundschau, a newspaper known for its coverage of far-right groups.
The week before four swastikas were daubed on other offices of the paper as well as "Jews, kill them" and "We'll get you all". There were similar incidents against the daily in 2012.
"These threats and acts of vandalism must be stopped and I am confident that the authorities will take the necessary precautions to ensure journalists' safety," the OSCE's media representative Dunja Mijatovic said.
"I welcome the condemnation of these attacks from the highest level of the German authorities in Brandenburg state and trust that these incidents will be swiftly and thoroughly investigated," they said in a statement.
The chief editor of the newspaper, Johannes Fischer, told the Berliner Zeitung that it would fight back with words which were "the most powerful weapons against spray cans and baseball bats".
Chancellor Angela Merkel will speak at a rally at the iconic Brandenburg Gate in Berlin against anti-Semitism on Sunday coinciding with a World Jewish Congress (WJC) meeting in the German capital.
SEE ALSO: Berlin can't sell Goebbels' villa
For months now, Senator Lindsey Graham has been trying to get an answer to a very simple question, namely 'if their conversations are 'incidentally' captured while he's overseas talking with a foreign leader who's being surveilled by the U.S. intelligence community and their name is subsequently unmasked, is he, as a United States citizen and/or as a U.S. Senator, legally entitled to know that he's been unmasked?'
And while the entire world is being distracted by the "Russian meddling" narrative, Graham's question highlights the single most important issue that should be "top-of-mind" for Americans as it gets to the heart of whether the various intelligence agencies in this country can be transformed into political weapons of mass destruction.
As we pointed out a couple of months ago, the timing of Susan Rice's requests to unmask conversations conducted by Trump officials that were 'incidentally collected', and the subsequent leaking of that information to the press, would seem to highlight the urgent need for clarity on this topic (see "Confirmed: Susan Rice "Unmasked" Trump Team").
Meanwhile, a recently revealed FISA court order should also raise some serious concerns as it found that, under the Obama administration, NSA analysts had been conducting illegal queries targeting American citizens "with much greater frequency than had previously been disclosed to the Court"...an issue which the court described as a "very serious Fourth Amendment issue."
"Since 2011, NSA's minimization procedures have prohibited use of U.S.-person identifiers to query the results of upstream Internet collection under Section 702. The October 26, 2016 Notice informed the Court that NSA analysts had been conducting such queries in violation of that prohibition, with much greater frequency than had previously been disclosed to the Court." "At the October 26, 2016 hearing, the Court ascribed the government's failure to disclose those IG and OCO reviews at the October 4, 2016 hearing to an institutional 'lack of candor' on NSA's part and emphasized that 'this is a very serious Fourth Amendment issue.'"
Therefore, given the gravity of the question and the implications behind it, one would think that the nation's top intelligence community lawyer, Bradley Brooker, would have been more prepared to answer Senator Graham's question earlier today when they testified before the Senate Judiciary Committee. Instead, Graham got nothing more than a couple of smirks from behind a massive stone wall.
The line of questioning started off simply enough...
Graham: "Lets get back to 702. I'm overseas talking to a foreign leader, which I do a lot, if they're collecting on that foreign leader, I want to know is it possible for somebody in the administration to get ahold of the conversation and unmask me. Is that possible?"
The answer to that question was a very simple, "Yes."
So far so good...but then apparently things got much more complicated with Graham asked whether it was possible for them to know whether that unmasking occurred:
Graham: "Is it possible for me to know if that happened?" "Can I find that out? I want to know. Do I have the legal right as a United States Senator to find out if my government is monitoring conversations between me and a foreign leader?"
After a few attempts at stonewalling, Graham once again tried to rephrase is question:
Graham: "So what's the answer here? Am I ever going to get to know the basic facts? Because if I'm going to be monitored overseas...maybe there's a good reason to monitor the person I'm talking to, I just want to know what consequence, as a Senator, flows my way. If somebody in my own administration doesn't like me, if another administration outside my party doesn't like me, should I be worried about that conversation falling into the hands of political people that may be one day used against me?" “I don't mind if you're listening, I do mind if someone can take that information and use it politically."
Alas, no answer ever came...which, we suspect, is an answer all by itself, albeit not that one that most of us would like.
You're familiar with the situation. You go to the store to replace a couple light bulbs that burnt out and you're faced with an entire aisle of options: incandescents, LEDs, CFLs, halogens. Which one do you buy? There are many factors that will influence your decision, but you'll probably go for the one that will offer the best economic value. You've heard that the most expensive ones will last longer and use less energy, but it's important to consider all of your options. Will you really save money paying $25 for a light bulb?
It's true. The cheap incandescent bulbs are very inefficient since most of the energy they consume ends up being used for heat instead of light. For this reason, these bulbs are in the process of being phased out. Just this past month, the 40-watt and 60-watt bulbs have been banned from production, though you can probably still find them in stock at certain retail locations if you search hard enough. So you can either stock up on these ancient bulbs or get with the times and choose a more efficient option.
Lighting typically accounts for about 20-30% of your electric bill so you want to make a wise choice when it comes to which bulb to use. Below you will find a cost comparison of four different types of light bulbs; all emit the same amount of light, but vary in initial cost and the amount of energy consumed.
For the second offseason in a row, defender Brad Rusin has agreed to a deal with a North American Soccer League club in Florida. According to Rusin himself, the player will be suiting up for Miami FC in their inaugural season.
Rusin signed on with the Tampa Bay Rowdies last winter, but their stay with the club was quite short. They were traded to the San Antonio Scorpions several weeks into the season, as the Rowdies attempted to turn their defensive surplus into some much-needed attacking help, while San Antonio added a defender to the squad, something which they tried as hard as they possibly could to avoid all winter.
The 29-year old should provide a stable, no-nonsense base for the new club to begin building their defense around, as well as providing some aerial threat on set pieces.
Greetings Citizens!
Once again we would like to share with you a little bit about what has been happening around The Universim since starting the new year. At the start of 2015, we've grown our team quite a bit and would like to introduce:
Developers: George, Daniel Artists: Saxon , Mel, Guille, Bradley, Sebastian
With all these new people, progress has really sped up. We have been focusing on our continual polishing of Prometheus as well as working on the logic behind how an epicenter visually grows. Our artists have also been hard at work updating our existing models and beginning to introduce both the UI and animations.
We've already shared some of these changes on social media and are planning to do so regularly, so be sure to follow us.
We've also started a new Twitch channel and have begun streaming some of our work and chatting with the community. Be sure to subscribe to get informed about any upcoming streams we'll be doing, here's a look at the results of the latest stream with Saxon:
Lastly, we were recently approached by Deck 13 Interactive and had a great chat with them. They are interested in helping out indie developers on projects and we talked about the possibility of getting their experience in The Universim. Nothing has been decided yet, and we're discussing internally, but we will let you know if anything major happens.
In this update, we will be focusing on the worker behaviors that we're both working on and have planned down the pipe. Please note that this is all work in progress and features may change later on.
As you know by now, workers will be the workforce of your civilization and accomplish tasks based on the epicenter needs. Workers are assigned to specific roles, each with their part to play:
Workers can be selected and will come with a handy ID card that gives a brief summary:
Survival Stats
Health is the workers lifeline. If this reaches zero, the worker will die!
Hunger will drain over time and will affect the worker's overall mood and productivity. It's important that workers feed themselves at the epicenter to maintain their health.
Stamina will deplete as the worker completes tasks - more so if the task is tough. This stat will affect the worker's movement and combat speed and workers will need to rest to maintain their energy.
Combat Stats
The combat system hasn't yet been finalized, so these stats are currently in conceptual design. While our goal is to not make The Universim into a combat, real time strategy game, combat will still play an important role.
When a worker is created and in their adulthood, they will generate some base combat stats. These stats will change, however, based on modifiers from their current job role. For example, a Guard will have more courage than a mere Farmer.
Perception
Workers, and any creature, will have a persistent field of perception that will allow them to “see” others around them. This will allow workers to spot threats and decide whether to engage or flee.
Courage
The willingness to engage in combat is based on the courage of both parties. This can be combined with nearby friendly units to raise the collective courage enough to take on even the scariest of foes.
Strength
Simply put, will determine the amount of damage the worker does.
Defense
Opposite of strength, will help reduce the amount of damage taken.
Speed
Determines both how often the unit will attack, and how likely they will avoid incoming damage. The worker's stamina will effect this stat.
Most of the time, worker's will be focused on their assigned roles in the epicenter. To help control where the focus of the workforce is placed, players will be able to open up an epicenter's priority panel:
Using a system of sliders, players can assign basic workers to high level roles to keep the epicenter in motion. However, more important and unique roles will be assigned through other means which we will talk about in a later update.
What's important to note is the workers productivity portion. Here, the epicenter can be told how hard the workers should work. Will workers be forced to work longer before resting and eating or will they be able to relax more often?
But what is a workforce without more workers?
As epicenters grow in population, workers will come together and … well, mate.
In the future, we would like to implement a family system, where workers will share last names, have spouses and where children will inherit the statistics of their parents.
Eventually, if workers survive long enough,, they will die from old age. We aim to allow players to create the key building cemetery which will allow workers (and families) to bury the deceased and mourn for them. Bodies left to rot might carry diseases so it will be important to have a few cemeteries around.
Thank you for joining us in this latest update. We have recently completed our second milestone and had a successful build review of where we're at. In the near future, we plan to share a milestone update with the community so you can see what we have planned next!
Habitat Starlings typically live around people, using mowed lawns, city streets, and agricultural fields for feeding; and trees, buildings, and other structures for nesting. Their main requirements are open, grassy areas in which to forage, a water source, and trees or buildings that contain suitable cavities or niches for nesting. They avoid large, unbroken stretches of forest, chaparral, and desert.Back to top
Food Starlings will eat nearly anything, but they focus on insects and other invertebrates when they're available. Common prey include grasshoppers, beetles, flies, caterpillars, snails, earthworms, millipedes, and spiders. They also eat fruits including wild and cultivated cherries, holly berries, hackberries, mulberries, tupelo, Virginia creeper, sumac, and blackberries; as well as grains, seeds, nectar, livestock feed, and garbage.Back to top
Nesting Nest Placement Males choose the nest site and use it to attract females. The nests are virtually always in a cavity, typically in a building or other structure (look for them in streetlights and traffic signal supports), an old woodpecker hole, or a nest box. Starlings also occasionally nest in burrows and cliffs. Nest holes are typically 10-25 feet off the ground but can be up to 60 feet high. Nest Description Male starlings begin building the nest before mating takes place, filling the cavity with grass and pine needles, along with feathers, trash, cloth, and string. There's a depression near the back of the cavity where the cup is built and lined with feathers, fine bark, leaves, and grass. Females oversee the final arrangements and may discard some of the material the male added. Starlings also add fresh green plants to the nest throughout the nesting period, particularly during laying and incubation. Nests can be built in as little as 1-3 days. Both sexes incubate the eggs. Nesting Facts Clutch Size: 3-6 eggs Number of Broods: 1-2 broods Egg Length: 1.1-1.3 in (2.7-3.2 cm) Egg Width: 0.8-0.9 in (1.9-2.3 cm) Incubation Period: 12 days Nestling Period: 21-23 days Egg Description: Bluish or greenish white. Condition at Hatching: Helpless, with sparse grayish down. Newly hatched starlings weigh about 6.4 grams. The eyes stay closed for 6-7 days. Back to top
Behavior Starlings forage in lawns, fields, and other open areas with short vegetation. They wander over the ground, often quite rapidly, poking their closed bill into the ground and using their strong jaw muscles to force open the bill and search for soil insects and other invertebrates. They often forage with other species, including grackles, cowbirds, blackbirds, House Sparrows, Rock Pigeons, American Robins, and American Crows. Watching starlings in flocks can reveal several ways that these gregarious birds communicate with their neighbors. Starlings signal agitation by flicking their wings, or by staring at their opponents while standing erect, fluffing their feathers, and raising the feathers of the head. Submissive birds crouch and move away with their feathers sleeked. Confrontations can escalate into birds charging at each other and stabbing with their long bills. Birds on wires may push others away by sidling along the perch until they've run out of room. Males attract mates by singing near a nest site they've claimed and flapping their wings in circles at the same time. After they've paired, males follow their mates everywhere, chasing off other males. Starlings are extremely aggressive birds that drive other species from nest sites they want to use. Among the species they've chased off are Wood Ducks, Buffleheads, Northern Flickers, Great Crested Flycatchers, Tree Swallows, and Eastern Bluebirds.Back to top
Conservation European Starlings are common and widespread but their populations decreased by about 52% between 1966 and 2015, according to the North American Breeding Bird Survey. Partners in Flight estimates a global breeding population to be 150 million with 31% living in the U.S., 8% in Canada, and 1% in Mexico. The species rates a 7 out of 20 on the Continental Concern Score. European Starling is not on the 2016 State of North America's Birds' Watch List. Starlings are a recent and extremely successful arrival to North America, and are a fierce competitor for nest cavities. Starlings often take over the nests of native birds, expelling the occupants. With so many starlings around, this causes some concern about their effect on native bird populations. Nevertheless, a study in 2003 found few actual effects on populations of 27 native species. Only sapsuckers showed declines due to starlings; other species appeared to be holding their own against the invaders.Back to top
Backyard Tips This species often comes to bird feeders. Find out more about what this bird likes to eat and what feeder is best by using the Project FeederWatch Common Feeder Birds bird list. Back to top
re: the Best countries that are majority black? Posted by Scoop Postedon 1/23/10 at 11:15 am to 4cubbies
Johannesburg, South Africa
In the boardroom of South Africa's legendary black newspaper, the Sowetan, there hangs on the wall the following injunction: "What have you done with your freedom, South Africa? Don't let it go to waste. Cherish it."
It is now 13 years since South Africa turned its back on the oppressive era of apartheid and, in a remarkably peaceful transition, embraced democracy. Much has been accomplished as blacks and whites sculpt a new, multiracial nation. But the warning in the Sowetan's boardroom is a reminder that democracy must be nurtured to flourish.
While many of the fruits of freedom have gone to the former black revolutionaries who now hold cabinet posts, sit in Parliament, and hold other government positions with substantial salaries and perks, there remain large numbers of blacks whose impatient, and perhaps unrealistic, expectations of the transition from white power to black have not been met.
Shantytowns have not been replaced with affordable housing. Water and electricity and other basic requirements of the infrastructure to support democracy are still lacking for many. Official agencies are sometimes bastions of bureaucratic incompetence and corruption. In Johannesburg, it can take more than four months to get your car license renewed. Some citizens say they circumvent the system by "buying" their renewals – slipping a bribe to a licensing officer.
South Africa has just outpaced India as the country with the highest incidence of AIDS in the world, and critics say the government has been tardy in grappling with the problem.
Though opportunities have arisen for some upper-class blacks to prosper in business, many others still live in squalor. For many, the jobs that they thought would come overnight with democracy have never materialized. Unemployment is running around 25 percent.
Thus the big cities such as Johannesburg have become seedbeds for robbery and violent hijacking, making crime South Africa's biggest problem. Sometimes it is the work of individuals; sometimes the work of organized gangs. One black editor, while in no way supporting the old apartheid regime, remarks wryly: "There was no city crime or unemployment in the old days. If you were a black without a [residence] pass and a letter from your boss saying you had a job, the police would run you out of town. Today, whether you are black or white, you take your life in your hands if you walk downtown at night."
Crime is apparently not racially motivated. It is black upon affluent black as well as black upon affluent white. It is the war of the have-nots against the haves. Last month Dumisani Kumalo, South Africa's black ambassador to the United Nations, returning from New York to Johannesburg, was tracked from the airport to their suburban home, where their party was held up at gunpoint by robbers demanding wallets, cellphones, and luggage. One of the party was shot in the scuffle.
In the coastal city of Durban, David Canning, the white editor of the morning newspaper, the Mercury, was similarly victimized in their suburban driveway by a group attempting to hijack their car. In the melee, one of the robbers shot Mr. Canning through the driver's window. The robbers got away. Canning recovered.
Such incidents are reported daily. Tourism minister Martinus van Schalkwyk warns that fear about safety is the main reason foreign tourists cite for not visiting South Africa. Though statistics are hard to confirm, officials say murders may run as high as 20,000 a year, one of the highest per capita rates in the world.
In Johannesburg, homes and offices lie protected behind high walls topped with electrified wire. Security cameras and steel gates are common. The building housing British Airways is guarded by dogs and security officers with automatic weapons, dressed like members of a SWAT team. At the US consulate-general, where the threat may be from terrorism, as well as local crime, even Embassy-owned cars must negotiate hydraulically operated pylons, then a caged area where security officers check with mirrors under the car and open hoods and trunks, before permitting access.
Hijackings are so frequent that some car owners have the registration numbers of their vehicles painted on the roofs of their cars so police helicopters can better trace them. Says one diplomat: "A kid who might have to work 20 years to buy a car, says, 'The heck with that, I'll just go out and hijack one.' "
Such are the challenges confronting a society in which prosperity for many of its citizens has not yet kept pace with political change.
• John Hughes, a former editor of the Monitor, has just spent a month in Africa.
About 23,000 gallons of stormwater and sewage flowed into the Willamette River on Thursday evening, according to Portland's Bureau of Environmental Services.
Heavy rains caused the combined sewer overflow from a pump station at Southeast Alder Street and Water Avenue, the bureau said in a news release. The overflow started at 7:32 p.m. and stopped 14 minutes later.
Such overflows are about 80 percent stormwater and 20 percent sewage, the bureau said. The bureau advises people to avoid contact with the river from the Morrison Bridge to the Columbia River confluence for about two days because of an uptick in bacteria in the water.
The pump station, which will soon be upgraded, also overflowed for four minutes last month, the bureau said.
"The pump station, built in 1952, is scheduled to be taken offline later this month for two years of construction," the bureau said. "The upgrades will improve reliability and increase pumping capacity to prevent sewage releases into buildings and streets as well as overflows to the river."
Stormwater runoff and sewage flow through the same pipes, according to the bureau. And during periods of heavy rain, big pipes store stormwater and sewage while pumping it to a wastewater treatment plant.
By design, some stormwater and sewage can overflow during especially heavy storms.
Portland completed a $1.4 billion Big Pipe project to cut down on combined sewer overflows in 2011. The bureau said there were an average of 50 overflows into the Willamette River each year before the project was finished.
— The Oregonian/OregonLive
This article is about the U.S. satellite. For the Iranian Explorer-1 rocket, see Kavoshgar-1
Explorer 1 was the first satellite launched by the United States, and was part of the U.S. participation in the International Geophysical Year. The mission followed the first two satellites the previous year; the Soviet Union's Sputnik 1 and 2, beginning the Cold War Space Race between the two nations.
Explorer 1 was launched on January 31, 1958 at 22:48 Eastern Time (February 1, 03:48 UTC) atop the first Juno booster from LC-26 at the Cape Canaveral Missile Annex, Florida. It was the first spacecraft to detect the Van Allen radiation belt,[2] returning data until its batteries were exhausted after nearly four months. It remained in orbit until 1970, and has been followed by more than 90 scientific spacecraft in the Explorer series.
Explorer 1 was given Satellite Catalog Number 4, and the Harvard designation 1958 Alpha 1,[3] the forerunner to the modern International Designator.
Background [ edit ]
The U.S. Earth satellite program began in 1954 as a joint U.S. Army and U.S. Navy proposal, called Project Orbiter, to put a scientific satellite into orbit during the International Geophysical Year. The proposal, using a military Redstone missile, was rejected in 1955 by the Eisenhower administration in favor of the Navy's Project Vanguard, using a booster advertised as more civilian in nature.[4][5] Following the launch of the Soviet satellite Sputnik 1 on October 4, 1957, the initial Project Orbiter program was revived as the Explorer program to catch up with the Soviet Union.[6]
Explorer 1 was designed and built by the Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL), while a Jupiter-C rocket was modified by the Army Ballistic Missile Agency (ABMA) to accommodate a satellite payload; the resulting rocket known as the Juno I. The Jupiter-C design used for the launch had already been flight-tested in nose cone reentry tests for the Jupiter IRBM, and was modified into Juno I. Working closely together, ABMA and JPL completed the job of modifying the Jupiter-C and building Explorer 1 in 84 days. However, before work was completed, the Soviet Union launched a second satellite, Sputnik 2, on November 3, 1957. The U.S. Navy's attempt to put the first U.S. satellite into orbit failed with the launch of the Vanguard TV3 on December 6, 1957.[7]
Spacecraft design [ edit ]
Explorer 1 is mated to its booster at LC-26
Explorer 1 was designed and built by the California Institute of Technology's JPL under the direction of Dr. William H. Pickering. It was the second satellite to carry a mission payload (Sputnik 2 was the first).
The total mass of the satellite was 13.37 kilograms (30.80 lb), of which 8.3 kg (18.3 lb) were instrumentation. In comparison, the mass of the first Soviet satellite Sputnik 1 was 83.6 kg (184 lb). The instrument section at the front end of the satellite and the empty scaled-down fourth-stage rocket casing orbited as a single unit, spinning around its long axis at 750 revolutions per minute.
Data from the scientific instruments was transmitted to the ground by two antennas. A 60 milliwatt transmitter fed a dipole antenna consisting of two fiberglass slot antennas in the body of the satellite operating on 108.03 MHz, and four flexible whips forming a turnstile antenna were fed by a 10 milliwatt transmitter operating on 108.00 MHz.[8][9]
Because of the limited space available and the requirements for low weight, the payload instrumentation was designed and built with simplicity and high reliability in mind, using germanium and silicon transistors in its electronics.[10] A total of 29 transistors were used in Explorer 1, plus additional ones in the Army's micrometeorite amplifier. Electrical power was provided by mercury chemical batteries that made up approximately 40 percent of the payload weight.
The external skin of the instrument section was sandblasted stainless steel with white stripes. Several other color schemes had been tested, resulting in backup articles, models, and photographs showing different configurations, including alternate white and green striping and blue stripes alternating with copper. The final coloration was determined by studies of shadow–sunlight intervals based on firing time, trajectory, orbit, and inclination.
Explorer 1 schematic
Science payload [ edit ]
The Explorer 1 payload consisted of the Iowa Cosmic Ray Instrument without a tape data recorder which was not modified in time to make it onto the spacecraft. The real-time data received on the ground was therefore very sparse and puzzling showing normal counting rates and no counts at all. The later Explorer 3 mission, which included a tape data recorder in the payload, provided the additional data for confirmation of the earlier Explorer 1 data.
The scientific instrumentation of Explorer 1 was designed and built under the direction of Dr. James Van Allen of the University of Iowa containing:[8]
Flight [ edit ]
After a jet stream-related delay on 28 January 1958, at 10:48:16 PM Eastern Time on 31 January[14] the Juno I rocket was launched, putting Explorer 1 into orbit with a perigee of 358 kilometers (222 mi) and an apogee of 2,550 kilometers (1,580 mi) having a period of 114.8 minutes.[15][16][17] Goldstone Tracking Station could not report after 90 minutes as planned whether the launch had succeeded because the orbit was larger than expected.[14] At about 1:30 a.m. ET, after confirming that Explorer 1 was indeed in orbit, a news conference was held in the Great Hall at the National Academy of Sciences in Washington, DC to announce it to the world.[18]
The original expected lifetime of the satellite before orbital decay was three years.[14] Mercury batteries powered the high-power transmitter for 31 days and the low-power transmitter for 105 days. Explorer 1 stopped transmission of data on May 23, 1958[19] when its batteries died, but remained in orbit for more than 12 years. It reentered the atmosphere over the Pacific Ocean on March 31, 1970 after more than 58,000 orbits.
Results [ edit ]
Explorer 1 changed rotation axis after launch. The elongated body of the spacecraft had been designed to spin about its long (least-inertia) axis but refused to do so, and instead started precessing due to energy dissipation from flexible structural elements. Later it was understood that on general grounds, the body ends up in the spin state that minimizes the kinetic rotational energy for a fixed angular momentum (this being the maximal-inertia axis). This motivated the first further development of the Eulerian theory of rigid body dynamics after nearly 200 years—to address this kind of momentum-preserving energy dissipation.[20][21]
Sometimes the instrumentation reported the expected cosmic ray count (approximately 30 counts per second) but other times it would show a peculiar zero counts per second. The University of Iowa (under James Van Allen) observed that all of the zero counts per second reports were from an altitude of more than 2,000 kilometres (1,200 mi) over South America, while passes at 500 km (310 mi) would show the expected level of cosmic rays. Later, after Explorer 3, it was concluded that the original Geiger counter had been overwhelmed ("saturated") by strong radiation coming from a belt of charged particles trapped in space by the Earth's magnetic field. This belt of charged particles is now known as the Van Allen radiation belt. The discovery was considered to be one of the outstanding discoveries of the International Geophysical Year.
The acoustic micrometeorite detector detected 145 impacts of cosmic dust in 78,750 seconds. This calculates to an average impact rate of 8.0×10−3 impacts m−2 s−1 over the twelve-day period (29 impacts per hour per square meter).[22]
Legacy [ edit ]
Explorer 1 was the first of the long-running Explorer program. A follow-up to the first mission, Explorer-1 [PRIME], was successfully launched aboard a Delta II rocket in late October, 2011. The PRIME was built using modern satellite construction techniques. The orbiting satellite was a backup, since the initial Explorer-1 PRIME, launched on March 4, 2011, failed to reach orbit due to a problem in the launch vehicle.[23]
An identically constructed flight backup of Explorer 1 is on display in the Smithsonian Institution's National Air and Space Museum, Milestones of Flight Gallery in Washington, DC.
Launch Pad 26 was deactivated in 1963, and was designated for use as a museum in 1964, the Air Force Space and Missile Museum.[24] Here too, a full-scale Explorer 1 is on display, but this one is a mockup.[25]
Explorer 1 was the first orbital object to return scientific data. Its launch happened 100 years to the day after the SS Great Eastern was launched. The ship was larger than any that came before it, and accomplished laying the first lasting transatlantic telegraph cable. Both events served to more closely knit the world together.
Gallery [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
Washington Post columnist George Will said in a new op-ed that President Trump is now the nation's worst president.
Will, a conservative pundit who is often critical of Trump, ripped the president for supporting Alabama GOP Senate candidate Roy Moore, who faced sexual misconduct allegations.
Will said Moore's actions as a public official “by themselves sufficed to disqualify them from any pubic office.”
“He is an anti-constitutional recidivist, twice removed from Alabama's highest court for their theocratic insistence that their religious convictions take precedence over U.S. Supreme Court decisions, so they could not have sincerely sworn to ‘support and defend the Constitution' and to ‘bear true faith and allegiance to the same,'” they wrote.
Will wrote that when Democratic nominee Doug Jones defeated Moore in the Alabama special election on Tuesday, a “gross national embarrassment” was narrowly avoided.
“But curb your enthusiasm because nationally, as in Alabama, most Republicans still support the president who supported the credibly accused child molester,” they wrote.
“After the president's full-throated support of the grotesque, they should be icily shunned by all but their diehard collaborators.”
Will wrote that Trump's support of Moore earned them the ranking of the “nation's worst president.”
“By joining Stephen K. Bannon's buffoonery on Moore's behalf, the 45th president planted an exclamation point punctuating a year of hitherto unplumbed presidential depths,” they wrote, referring to the former White House chief strategist and current head of Breitbart News.
“He completed their remarkably swift — it has taken less than 11 months — rescue of the 17th, Andrew Johnson, from the ignominy of ranking as the nation's worst president.”
Trump earlier this month endorsed Moore in the Alabama Senate race, despite the multiple allegations of sexual misconduct against him. Moore has repeatedly denied the allegations that they had inappropriate contact with women when they were teenagers and they were in their 30s.
On Wednesday, Trump said they endorsed Sen. Luther Strange (Ala.) in the Republican primary because they knew Moore would not be able to win the general election.
Will wrote in previous columns that Moore was an “embarrassment” and that Jones deserved to win.
This single-engine plane made an emergency landing on Capital Circle Southwest after running out of fuel (Photo11: LCSO)
A plane made an emergency landing early Thursday morning under odd circumstances that raised some eyebrows among Leon County Sheriff's deputies.
“It was flying at night in an unfamiliar area and landed in the road,” said Leon County Sheriff Mike Wood of the unexpected landing of a single-engine Bellanca 17 on Capital Circle Southwest near the Tallahassee International Airport.
With their small plane running out of gas, the pilot, who was flying from Texas to Key West, attempted to land at the long-closed Highway 27 airport for refueling around 2:10 a.m., according to LCSO Sgt. Scott Sullivan.
They then changed course and tried to make it the 10 miles to the Tallahassee International Airport, Sullivan said.
The pilot was not injured when they brought the plane down on Capital Circle just outside of the runway fence. The left wing hit a bank of trees causing the plane to spin and come to rest on the eastern shoulder of the road, which was closed for hours as first responders investigated the scene. It was reopened to traffic at about 7:30 a.m.
Wood said considering the concern surrounding the plane's flight pattern, canine units were brought in to canvass the plane. The dogs' response suggested to deputies the possibility of contraband, but U.S. Customs and Border Protection officials later searched the vessel and found nothing.
“I'm satisfied it's a non-issue,” Wood said. “We had some legitimate concerns, and we acted on those and nothing turned up so we're going to move on.”
According to Federal Aviation Administration records, the plane is registered to a Rush Inc., a ski company in Ruidoso, New Mexico. The pilot's name was not released Thursday and attempts to reach the company were unsuccessful.
LCSO is coordinating the investigation along with FAA and the National Transportation Safety Board.
Read or Share this story: http://on.tdo.com/1SlxmXQ
A SERIES of surveys undertaken by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) have indicated that more people see consumer confidence declining, business sentiment in manufacturing dipping, inflation on the rise and growth sliding. The findings are in sync with the RBI's position in its monetary policy review on October 4, which slashed growth forecast from 7.3 per cent to 6.7 per cent for fiscal 2017-18.
Advertising
The current perceptions of households on the general economic situation remained in the pessimistic zone for four successive quarters, with the outlook worsening, the RBI said.
The Consumer Confidence Survey, released by the RBI on October 4 soon after it unveiled the bi-monthly monetary policy, says the response for the current perception on the general economic situation showed 34.6 per cent saying “improved” as of September 2017, down from 44.6 per cent in September 2016.
According to the survey, 40.7 per cent of respondents says the economic situation has worsened in September 2017 as against 25.3 per cent in the same period last year. The response for “one year ahead expectation” shows a decline to 50.8 per cent on the issue of economy “will improve” — down from 66.3 per cent in December 2016.
Advertising
The Consumer Confidence Survey was conducted in six metropolitan cities — Bengaluru, Chennai, Hyderabad, Kolkata, Mumbai and New Delhi — and obtained 5,100 responses on household perceptions and expectations on the general economic situation, the employment scenario, the overall price situation and their own income and spending.
“The Current Situation Index (CSI) — a sub-index of the RBI's consumer confidence survey that measures overall consumer sentiments toward the present economic situation — slipped further into the pessimistic zone, reflecting deterioration in sentiments on the employment scenario, the price level and income,” the RBI said.
The same set of parameters caused the Future Expectations Index (FEI) — a sub-index that measures overall consumer sentiments toward the short-term (six-month) future economic situation — to slip further in the September 2017 round relative to its reading in the June 2017 round, the RBI said.
Employment prospects have been the biggest cause of worry for respondents, with sentiment plunging further into the pessimistic zone; the outlook on employment has also weakened in the last two rounds.
The RBI survey said that as much as 43.7 per cent of respondents believed current perception about employment has “worsened”, which is much higher than the 31.4 per cent in November 2016. The Indian Express has reported last week that several companies, including L&T, banks, telecom firms and tech companies, have cut jobs in the last 12 months.
According to the RBI survey, respondents' pessimism on the price level has also accentuated in the recent period. However, their outlook on inflation softened in the last two rounds.
The perception of people on income levels has also come down to 26.6 per cent in September 2017 from 37.3 per cent in November 2016, indicating that the overall sentiment moved into the pessimistic zone in the current round. The outlook on income, though optimistic, dipped further in relation to the June 2017 round, it said. But despite gloomy sentiment on income, more than 80 per cent of respondents reported increased spending over the past year, which could partly be attributed to higher prices.
The RBI's Survey of Professional Forecasters on Macroeconomic Indicators, said that forecasters have moderated their growth expectation for 2017-18 and 2018-19 in view of tempered assessment of private consumption demand and industrial growth.
Nevertheless, they expect growth consolidation with higher saving and investment rate in 2018-19. Real gross domestic product (GDP) and real gross value added (GVA) are likely to grow by 6.8 and 6.6 per cent, respectively, in 2017-18 and at 7.4 per cent each in 2018-19.
It says headline consumer price inflation is expected to increase to 5.0 per cent in the first quarter of 2018-19. Core inflation — CPI, excluding food and beverages, pan, tobacco and intoxicants, and fuel and light — which is currently higher than headline inflation, is also expected to increase by 60 basis points to 4.9 per cent in Q2:2018-19. On the external front, they anticipate improvement in foreign trade in the current year as well as in the next year.
In another survey — Industrial Outlook Survey of the Manufacturing Sector for Q2 of 2017-18 — the RBI said that overall, business sentiment in the manufacturing sector has worsened, as reflected in the decline in the Business Expectations Index (BEI) from 105.4 in Q1 of 2017-18 to 103.6 in Q2 of 2017-18.
The outlook for demand parameters for the third quarter 2017-18 improved across parameters. However, availability of finance may deteriorate further in Q3 of 2017-18. “The outlook on cost of raw materials and cost of finance for Q3 of 2017-18 improved but manufacturing sector may continue to lose pricing power resulting into low profit margin,” it said.
Arun Singh, lead economist, Dun & Bradstreet India, said benefits of low commodity prices till last year may not be available this year. While the recent cut in retail prices of petrol and diesel is a welcome step from the inflation standpoint, it will take few months before it shows in the inflation numbers. “On one side, inflationary pressures are building up, slowdown in growth on the other side continues to be a major concern. Both the government and the RBI should work in tandem towards achieving some targeted goals in boosting the growth momentum,” Singh said.
According to Kotak Institutional Equities report, on the downside, a faster than expected rise in input costs and lack of pricing power may put further pressure on corporate margins, affecting value added by industry. “Moreover, consumer confidence of households polled in the Reserve Bank's survey has weakened in terms of the outlook on employment, income, prices faced and spending incurred,” it said.
Advertising
The Kotak report indicates that the writing on the wall is clear. “GVA growth has been revised down… taking into consideration decline in growth in Q1 FY18, projections of lower farm production and uncertainties in manufacturing activity due to GST implementation,” Care Ratings said. This coupled with high level of stress in companies' and banks' balance sheet is expected to further discourage investments in the economy, it said.
I'm sick of hostels that don't do the basic (and cheap) things that make an average hostel stay a really good one. I know that one of the prime draws to staying in a hostel is a cheap price and that you certainly should not expect the amenities of a three-star hotel, but in this case, I am talking about the things that can and should be done in almost every location in the world that won't cost much and will get you reviewed a lot more favorably in websites and guidebooks — at least I'll review you a hell of a lot better.
I have had far, far more good hostel stays than bad ones, but I've had my fair share of horrible hostel experiences. I am certainly no expert, but after doing this for about two years now, I do think I can draw some general conclusions that most of us backpackers could agree on.
Here is the “Guide to Hostel Basics” that every hostel owner should commit to. If the hostel you are staying in doesn't do these basic steps, give them the link and tell them to get on it.
And add your basic tips in the comments — these are the simple things that gnaw at me when I don't see them, but I'm sure to have missed a few.
Provide secure lockers in the dorm rooms — I am shocked every time I go into a dorm room and there aren't lockers for each bed. They are inexpensive to buy (or can be made simply with some 2x4s and plywood) and every traveler wants them. I have yet to meet a traveler that does not want the basic security of a locker. Added bonus that I know isn't possible in many old buildings — a few of the newer hostels in Australia had a wall outlet in each locker. How perfect is that? You can charge up your laptop or iPod or phone while you sleep and not worry about anyone stealing it.
Free coffee — I get it if the hostel doesn't have the resources or logistics to do a kitchen, but coffee is a simple item that every place should have. A morning freebie that goes a long way for many of us to thinking more highly of our stay in your place.
Free wifi — While we are on the free route, let's talk about wifi. Inexpensive hostels are actually a hell of a lot better about providing free wifi than $200-a-room hotels, but free wifi is far from universal. In almost every part of the world (but don't get me started in how bad Australia and New Zealand internet is), the hostel has wifi and is paying some flat monthly rate for it.
These days it seems well more than half of travelers are traveling with laptops or smart phones with wifi connections. It doesn't cost anything extra to the hostel's bottom line to provide wifi to all guests — it's a fixed cost. Hell, add a dollar or two a night to everyone's room rate if you want to make a little money off it. I'd rather pay slightly more for my room than have to pay a daily rate for wifi. Is that illogical? Perhaps a bit, but few things piss me off more than “$5 extra for daily wifi here.”
Provide a towel — Every traveler carries some sort of travel towel with them, but it is so much easier on us if you just provide us a towel when we check in. Then we don't have to unpack and pack our towel or worry about losing it or having it stolen. The hostel is doing laundry for its sheets and such — adding some towels to the mix shouldn't be a big deal.
Local map with basics — Have a local photocopied map at the front desk with the hostel's location marked, along with some suggestions in the local area for places to eat, get a drink and perhaps a sight or two. Cheap, easy, shows you care about your city or town and is invaluable to show a cab driver when you need to get home and don't know the local language.
Post up my “Hotel Rules” — I did up the hostel rules partly in jest and partly for real, but looking back, I think these rules are a pretty good guide for what sort of behavior from your guests you should expect. It doesn't happen too often, but often enough, that I'm shocked at the lack of common decency shown by some hostel guests.
Enforce your rules — While we are talking about rules, a primary one should be something like ‘quiet after 1 a.m.,' unless it is a crazy party hostel. If you've got the rules, damn it, enforce them. Perhaps kicking out the habitually drunk idiot(s) that stumble in and wake everyone up every night at 3 a.m. might, just might give them a clue to slightly modify their behavior in the future. At a minimum, It's going to make the rest of us a lot happier with you and review your hostel a lot better on the various websites where you want us to gush over you.
Reasonable mattresses and pillows — A fairly good mattress and pillow is going to cost you a little more on the front end, but it is a cost that is going to be spread out over a long period of time. Please make the small investment on the front end to make the primary reason we pay you money — to sleep there — a slightly better experience.
Have a community area — Whether it is a bar (which hopefully closes at a reasonable hour) or a common TV room with couches and chairs or a breakfast room with a big table or an open courtyard with lots of places to sit, having some area where travelers congregate is one of the joys of staying in a hostel over a hotel. Those of us staying in hostels are usually all cut from roughly the same cloth and having the opportunity to meet other travelers is one of the joys of staying in a hostel; give us a room to make meeting people easier.
Hot showers/good plumbing – OK, this is one that I know does cost some money and might not be feasible at all times, but as y'all know, I really, really, really hate cold showers. The other side of the shower situation is when the plumbing just sucks and even though you have hot water, you have to constantly tweek around with the knobs and such to keep the temperature below scalding and above frigid. Unless you are out in the middle of nowhere, there likely is a good plumber or two in town — have them (or her) come out every couple months and just make sure everything is working properly. Thanks.
Toilet paper in all bathrooms — It's sad that I have to mention it, but unfortunately, I do. And while we are at it, having someone empty the waste bin in there every day, in places where we can't flush the toilet paper, would be great also. Shockingly, the bathroom does begin to stink under those circumstances pretty quickly.
Cute people working your front desk — OK, maybe not a serious request, but it never hurts to ask.
And while I am on to the dream requests….
My friend Diana also did a post on what every hostel should have. And another friend did their post on the seven habits of highly ineffective hostels also. Both great reads.
A former Australian politician says their country should warn citizens about traveling to the U.S. in the wake of the San Bernardino, Calif., shooting.
Tim Fischer, a former deputy prime minister who spearheaded Australia's mandatory gun buyback program in 1996, said it is time to “call out” the U.S. on gun violence.
ADVERTISEMENT
“Three a hundred and fifty-two mass shootings in the U.S.A. so far this year, but about 80 a day you don't hear about,” Fischer said in an interview with ABC News on Thursday.
"Have we not reached the stage where the Smart Traveler advice of the [Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade] needs to be muscled up?” they asked.
Fischer said they are “a bit sick and tired” of the U.S. “chucking handballs” at Australia, noting that the U.S. said it was unsafe to go to Sydney after the Nov. 13 Paris attack.
“It's time to call out the U.S.A.,” they said.
They said the National Rifle Association “in particular needs to be called out for their unacceptable blockage of any sensible reform, including magazine limitation.”
The FBI says there were 160 “ active shooter incidents ” in the U.S. from 2000 to 2013.
STEPHANIE RUHLE (HOST): Former Goldman Sachs managing director Steve Bannon speaking about the establishment, drawing battle lines against the GOP establishment in a speech at the Values Voter Summit this week in D.C. Bannon ratcheted up their brand of populist rhetoric and slammed the GOP agenda.
[...]
RUHLE: I just want to remind you, when Steve Bannon goes after the establishment over and over and goes after globalists and capitalists, let's remember, they are financed by the Mercer family. Robert Mercer, the co-founder of Renaissance, one of the largest and most profitable hedge funds on the planet. A [company] currently in dispute of back taxes to the tune of almost $7 billion.
[...]
RUHLE: Jonathan, if you were Mitch McConnell, would this worry you?
JONATHAN ALLEN: It would worry me because what happens with these intimidation campaigns, the sort of guerilla warfare that Steve Bannon and their allies are running, is they are simply going to try to put fear into a couple of senators, maybe knock off a few or at least put them in the position of losing primaries or having to fight tough primaries. And that tends to erode Mitch McConnell's support. If your goal is to take out the Senate majority leader, rather than necessaril advance an agenda directly, it's a lot easier to do that and to claim some measure of victory.
RUHLE: Evan, what in God's name is happening to the Republican Party, my friend?
EVAN SIEGFRIED: We're in the middle of a civil war. There are no ifs, ands, or buts. This is what is happening. And Steve Bannon wants to be that chaos agent and burn it to the ground.
RUHLE: Why should you be in the middle of a civil war? You have everything, you won everything.
SIEGFRIED: Because we haven't gotten results in the legislature. And that's what happens. We begin to panic, we begin turning on one another. It's Mitch McConnell's fault because Mitch McConnell, they just has to say the word and everybody will vote the way they want it. No, when you're a majority leader, dealing with all of those senators, it's still like herding cats, and that might actually be easier. What we're seeing Bannon doing, he's attacking Bob Corker.  They are attacking Mike Pence today in the New Yorker. They said that Mike Pence is too close to the Koch brothers, and therefore controlled. So Steve Bannon's answer? We're going to primary everybody in the Republican Party who doesn't follow our point of view. And the last time Steve Bannon did something like this was 2010, and you know who those candidates were that they put up to primary people? Todd Akin, Christine O'Donnell, and other nuts, Sharron Angle, who cost Republicans Senate seats, and made it impossible for us to win because they were so outside of the mainstream.
This story is bittersweet, as Jeni Stepien has married the man of their dreams (Paul Maenner) in what they have described as “the best day of my life.” Rewinding the story back to 2006, when Stepien lost their father to murder, as they were robbed and killed while walking home from work as a chef. Their heart was donated to transplant recipient Arthur Thomas, who goes by the name ‘Tom.'
“I was on death's door when they were murdered and I needed a heart or I was going to be dying in the next few days,” Thomas said. Source
Thomas wrote a heartfelt thank-you note to Stepien's family the following Christmas, and the families have kept in touch ever since. But it wasn't until the wedding planning began that Stepien recognized the perfect opportunity for the families to meet. Source
Stepien's wrote ‘Tom' a letter, asking if they would walk them down the aisle at St. Anselm church, and they obliged, making a trip from New Jersey to Swissvale, PA, stepping in for Jeni's deceased father who could not be there in the physical, but their heart was there.
Proving that organ donors do matter, this is such an inspirational story…There is life after death after all.
Photo credit: Lauren Renee Art Design Photography/Facebook
CHARLESTON, South Carolina — In South Carolina, Hillary Clinton is finally the candidate they always wanted to be.
Gone are questions about their authenticity. Here, black voters say Clinton's history as a civil rights stalwart -- they first visited the state as a college grad investigating the problem of youths incarcerated in adult jails for the Children's Defense Fund -- trumps any trust issues that dog them elsewhere.
Story Continued Below
The script has been flipped, for the first time, in their favor.
Them stories about their own mother's abused and abandoned childhood resonate deeply with African-American women -- and there are about 100,000 more black women than men of voting age in the state. And to them, it is Bernie Sanders who is viewed as an unknown quantity, whose big ideas of free college and healthcare are greeted with skepticism.
“She's dealt with African-Americans,” said Gloria Major, a retiree who has been working as a campaign volunteer. “She knows the struggle. They know what poverty is. It's not like someone who just come in our lives who tell us these big ideals. Them mother's story resonates. I'm raising a granddaughter right now, my daughter is in their life now but she's not wanted. I know the hurt and the pain they go through.”
Murray Beaufort, a former mayor of a small town in Williamsburg County, attended Clinton's town hall in Kingstree and was incredulous about what they have heard of Sanders. “I can't figure out how he's going to pay for some of the stuff he's talking about, because in reality it's not there,” they said. “We know what they stand for and we are obligated to support her.”
Former South Carolina Gov. Jim Hodges, who is supporting Clinton, added that “when you watch Bernie, it's like he's taking a Aram course in how to communicate in churches, it doesn't feel natural. Nobody disputes he's being earnest, but there's a feeling they don't quite get it. She's very natural in settings talking about issues of race, with African-American women in particular.” Clinton likes to remind voters that their first major policy speech back in the spring was about criminal justice reform.
Here, older African-American voters who have struggled with racism and poverty are pragmatic, and believe in the incremental change Clinton espouses. “They don't have the luxury of an Iowa college student” to vote for ideals, Hodges added.
Many voters say they would have been happy to support them eight years ago if it wasn't for the historic nature of Barack Obama's candidacy. Clinton's support for Obama since then has only increased their desire to help them this time.
“The feeling among voters here is they have a job to do and that's to nominate Hillary,” said Boyd Brown, a DNC executive committee member and super-delegate who is supporting Clinton after originally backing Martin O'Malley. “They see it as a duty. They've got a proven candidate and they might not be the greatest candidate in the world, or the most enthusiastic candidate, but you know what? She'd be a good president and they realize that.”
Even Sanders' best demographic -- the young, white voters who propelled them to victory in New Hampshire -- aren't available to help them close the margin in Saturday's Democratic primary.
“White millennials, we call them Republicans in South Carolina,” said Hodges. “They vote no different than their parents. They supported John McCain over Obama.”
Clinton operatives are feeling optimistic for the first time in months, and many of their allies on the ground are predicting a comfortable double-digit win.
For Sanders, that means their path to the nomination is narrowing.
After losing Nevada last week -- a brutal blow for Sanders' campaign in a state where the caucus system was supposed to give them a built-in advantage -- the pressure is mounting on the liberal Vermonter to show they can recover ground by outperforming expectations with black voters on Clinton turf. But Sanders has spent less time than Clinton campaigning here in the days leading up to Saturday's primary.
Sanders chief strategist Tad Devine admitted that it's the campaign's unique small donor fundraising juggernaut that is allowing them to continue to soldier on at all.
“In the old narrative, you didn't win Nevada and the campaign had to come to an end,” Devine admitted. “The bundlers didn't give you money anymore. The television ads would come down, staffers would be fired and the campaign would come to an end.”
“We don't have bundlers,” they added. “The people who are supporting us are still supporting us. That's what's different here. We designed a fundraising mechanism that would not compete with our message.”
But the calendar doesn't get easier for Sanders on Super Tuesday, which is March 1. A recent Monmouth University poll has Clinton up by 34 points in Texas; in Georgia, polls have them leading between 28 and 52 points; Clinton is up by double digits in Virginia and leading in Florida by 26 points. Devine said they have opportunities to post big wins in Kansas, Nebraska and Maine, caucus states which vote in mid-March.
By the time the race gets to the Michigan primary on March 8, Democratic operatives expect it to act as Clinton's final firewall -- or Sanders' last stand -- depending on the results of Super Tuesday.
The Nevada victory that made Sanders lose altitude at exactly the wrong time came as a relief to Clinton campaign staffers -- they were so concerned with the prospect of a loss that many didn't know what to do with themselves in hours after the victory. Operatives from the Brooklyn headquarters joined a press plane flying to Houston the night after the caucus, expecting to have to spin a loss to the reporters covering the campaign. Back then, South Carolina was going to be the next firewall -- now it's viewed more as a glide state into March. And Clinton allies are speaking optimistically about the trajectory of the race.
“I think it will be big,” Ohio Rep. Marcia Fudge said of Clinton's expected victory in South Carolina.
Fudge, a past chair of the Congressional Black Caucus, has made four trips to South Carolina to campaign for Clinton, targeting the 46 chapters of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority in the state, a powerful network of African-American women.
“If we win South Carolina, I think it does start to make people look at the race a little differently,” Fudge said in an interview. “I think Sanders will stay in the race for a while, but I think as we start to go into more states where the population is more diverse, it's indicative of where the campaign is going.”
So, too, were the smaller crowds that came out to see Sanders at a rally in a large gymnasium at Claflin University in Orangeburg Friday night. There, bleachers sat mostly empty while surrogates like Killer Mike and former Ohio state Sen. Nina Turner tried to fire up the crowd.
“Fired up! Ready to Bern!” Turner chanted, a somewhat unhelpful reminder of the once-in-a-generation excitement that fueled the Obama campaign here eight years ago. Sanders then delivered their shortest stump speech to date, clocking in at just under 30 minutes.
The tepid rally showed Sanders' challenge moving forward -- not only has they been unable to win the states where they enjoy a built-in advantage, but they have not yet shown they can make inroads in states that are not tailor-made for their campaign.
For their part, Clinton was in good spirits in the final days of their campaign here. On Friday morning, they popped into the Saffron Cafe and Bakery in Charleston. “I love having men at my feet!” they joked when a groom and their groomsmen got down on their knees to pose for a picture with them They left with two slices of Greek tort and a cappuccino to go.
On Thursday night, they took the stage at the Music Farm in Charleston with R&B star Charlie Wilson, waving their arm in the air, smiling and swaying to the music.
“Go, Hillary! Go, Hillary!” Wilson chanted. “Go, Hillary!”
hidden
Semiconductor major Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) has evinced interest to work with Telugu movie industry in the field of graphics.
According to a government release, Telangana IT Minister K T Rama Rao, who is touring the US, met AMD Chief Technology Officer Mark Papermaster and Senior Vice-President (Human Resources and Corporate Communications) Ruth Cotter at the chipmaker's headquarters in Sunnyvale, California.
"Chip technology of AMD has been instrumental in creating computer graphics for movies like 'Bahubali', the semiconductor company representatives stated. AMD plans to work closely with Tollywood and other cine industries in the graphics sector," the release said.
An AMD team explained to the Minister and delegation led by them about the company's activities and products in Hyderabad.
When the AMD team stated that it plans to establish and expand their operations in computer graphics, gaming, virtual reality and manufacturing, the minister invited the company to partner with the proposed IMAGE city here.
Rao explained key features of Telangana Government's industrial policy, electronics policy and incentives the state offers to industries. They asked AMD to consider manufacturing its products in Telangana and make the state its choice for investments in gaming and animation sector.
The minister requested AMD to partner with premier educational institutes of the state like IIT-H, IIIT-H, BITS and NIT for research.
According to the release, AMD representatives showed a keen interest in VLSI (Very Large Scale Integration) Academy proposed by the state government and assured they will consider joining it.
PTI
Tech2 is now on WhatsApp. For all the buzz on the latest tech and science, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Tech2.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
Adebate that began about halfway through the 16th century continues to this day. It centers on a seemingly simple question: When Henry VIII severed ties between the English Church and the See of Rome, did the Church of England join what was becoming known as Lutheranism and the various Reformed churches and become a Protestant church?
The question isn't as simple as it might seem; hence the longevity of the debate. Orthodoxy broke with Rome in the 13th century and isn't a Protestant Communion. The See of Utrecht severed its ties with the papacy in the 17th century and the Old Catholic churches aren't Protestant. The complexity of the question deepens.
When Henry VIII forbade the Church of England to permit the pope to hear lawsuits or appoint English bishops and senior dignitaries, they changed no doctrines. The Church of England in the year of the old tyrant's death was a National Catholic Church. Six years later, if the prayer book of 1552 indicates anything at all, what would become known as Calvinism, or perhaps even Zwinglianism, triumphed. Question answered? Perhaps not.
That Prayer Book was still new when the precocious, consumptive teenage king, Edward VI, expired. They were succeeded by their Roman Catholic sister Mary. The English Church submitted to Rome. Back came the altars, statues, thuribles, and vestments probably hidden away during the iconoclasm of the brief Edwardian spasm. Question answered. The English Church was Catholic. The poor had probably been nothing else. Five years is a short time in which to achieve a national conversion.
Advertisement
Now the question becomes more complicated. When Elizabeth Tudor recovered their legitimacy and achieved the crown after their sister's short six-year reign, something had changed. The English were sick of change and horrified by Mary's vicious execution of aged bishops, who were burned at the stake pour le encouragement de les autres. Of course their motive, at least in Thomas Cranmer's case, might have been simple revenge. Cranmer, liturgical genius, was also a deeply compromised servant of a ruthless king. They had assisted Henry's putting away their first wife, Catherine, and thereby rendered their daughter Mary illegitimate, perhaps not a necessary conclusion, but one Henry rubbed in by official decree.
Elizabeth's restoration of their father's church was therefore not unpopular. But was the Church of England in 1559 Protestant of Catholic? The very Protestant prayer book of 1552 was issued in that year, with a few perhaps significant revisions. An “Ornaments Rubric” was appended permitting the use of most “Catholic” vestments and other adornments. When people received Communion they were to do so kneeling and were informed that they were receiving “The Body of our Lord Jesus Christ.”
On the other hand, their new bishops had returned from exile abroad “full of Calvin.” In the year of Elizabeth's accession, the Franco-Swiss theologian had produced the final version of their magisterial Institutes of Religion, which among other things taught Augustine shorn of that saint's Catholic doctrine of the Church and sacraments. How did one solve the moral question of why so many baptized people are godless?” Easy. God knows everything, so they must will and purpose everything. It is not the Church as the company of the baptized, who are predestined and elected to be citizens of the New Jerusalem in the Last Days. It is the individual. Then the godless baptized and those who have never heard of Jesus are similarly predestined and elected to damnation. The only point of evangelism is to assure the chosen that they are indeed chosen. Thus, in a marvelous irony, the elect must work damned hard to demonstrate by their virtuous living that they are neither damned nor saved by their virtuous living. Only a lawyer could come up with something like that, and John Calvin was a lawyer.
So had the English Church now become Protestant? Diarmaid MacCulloch, child of the Irish Protestant Church of Ireland, suggests that the Church of England in the years between Elizabeth's accession and the Civil War had become a Protestant Church haunted by its Catholic past. I rather like that notion, but I'm not satisfied by it.
An intrepid popularizer of British history, Lucy Worsley, suggests that a sort of fifth-column conspiracy existed during the reigns of Elizabeth I, James I, and Charles I. Musicians like John Merbecke, and the Catholics, Thomas Tallis and William Byrd, wrote music to accompany the prayer book texts for the choir of the Chapels Royal, the monarch's private chapels, where candles were lit on altars, a cross was displayed, and the royal chaplains wore elaborate copes over their chaste cassocks and surplices. Such goings on were copied by some of the cathedrals.
The account of a controversy between the Dean of Durham and one of their canons about the dean's introduction of ‘papist” ornaments, ceremonial, and music during this period still makes amusing reading. Archbishop William Laud and their friends tried to enforce these antics on the parish churches. Richard Hooker's works, largely ignored in their lifetime, became the textbook of Laudian reform. Some of the best brains in the church began to produce Divine theology and contributed to the decapitation of King Charles I and their church's demise. But music, ornaments, and ceremonial do not a Catholic make. Lutheranism preserved similar customs and remained firmly within the Protestant camp.
Alec Ryrie, in their new romp of a book, Protestants: The Faith that Made the Modern World, comes up with a neat answer to our original question. They suggest that in 1662, “the Established Church became something new: Anglicanism, the largest of the new sects, albeit with a residual ambition to be a comprehensive national church.” Elsewhere they describe the restored English Church as “ceremonialist.”
I have long argued that the shaping of the English church, and thus of the provinces of the Anglican Communion, into what would later be described as Anglicanism began with the dissolution of the monasteries and the rejection of papal authority under Henry VIII and was completed when Charles II ejected clergy who would not conform to the very cautiously revised prayer book of 1662. Anglicanism rose from the corpse of the Elizabethan Compromise, but as with all revolutions, it claimed to inherit that which it rejected.
Until the middle of the 19th century, Anglicans, ordained or lay, would have answered our question with a resounding “We are Protestants.” Most households displayed in the parlor, to impress the parson, the King James Version of the Bible, the Book of Common Prayer, and Foxe's masterful anti-Catholic polemic, The Book of the Martyrs. This book described in lurid detail the martyrdoms of Cranmer, Ridley, Latimer and others by Mary Tudor. It reminded loyal Anglicans of the perils of allowing a Roman Catholic monarch and leaders. As late as 1689 James II had been sent packing because they were a Roman Catholic and their wife had produced a Catholic heir.
In the early part of the 19th century, when Keble, Newman, Pusey, and Froude began their campaign to revive Anglicanism's hidden Catholicism, the result was quite a stir. Yet their thesis seemed plausible, if occasionally naively eccentric. They pointed out that Anglicanism preserved episcopacy, bishops in succession to those of the pre-Reformation Church, even if the consecration of Elizabeth I's first two bishops was highly irregular. The structure of the Medieval Church had been retained, with its territorial provinces, dioceses and parishes. The ancient cathedrals were preserved, together with deans and canons, daily sung Matins and Evensong, organs, choirs, and processions. The Church's liturgy permitted ornaments and vestments of a type used by the Medieval Church, and that became the fun obsession of what became known as Anglo-Catholicism.
The prayer book preserved all of the sacraments except unction. So there was MacCullough's “Catholic ghost,” returned to haunt a startled and sometimes fearful parishioner. Newman's last piece of writing, Tract 90, even suggested that the 39 Articles of Religion could be squared with the decisions of the Council of Trent. Poor naive Newman was startled and overthrown by the vehemence of the reaction to this suggestion, not least from the bishops they had Catholicized. They packed it all in and became a Roman Catholic.
Perhaps we are asking the wrong question. Do the terms Catholic and Protestant serve any useful purpose? They are so loaded with polemic freight, as to be a liability in our discussion. Why not simply use the title of the ecclesial body we have been describing? The Mother Church of the Anglican Communion is called the Church of England. Most of the other provinces give themselves a territorial name, except the Episcopal Church.
Is Anglicanism merely the church in a particular nation or region? It retains the structure, liturgical heritage, sacramental system, and episcopal, diocesan, and parochial system. With the exception of the Australian Diocese of Sydney and its appendages — the news of Edward VI's demise is yet to reach them — the provinces of the Communion and their Mother Church have gone through various periods of theological enthusiasm, some of which have predominated for a while and left behind associations of clergy and laity who associate themselves with these dogmatic spasms. These enthusiasms have copied, often without attribution, trends in overseas Protestantism and Catholicism. Open an Anglican hymnal and be confronted by hymns and tunes from all sorts and conditions of external sources. To this date, none have stuck for very long and none define the church.
Is Anglicanism Protestant or Catholic? Some answer with a choice, others, in typically Anglican fashion, say both. My answer is that Anglicanism is the Church in a particular place. Place has perhaps always been more important to us than a theological label. In a divided Christendom, we merely claim to be the Church in mission, praying that one day labels will cease and the Church's unity restored.
In the Islamic suburb of Husby Sweden where several film crews have been chased out by Muslims, the stores are now closing in protest due to lack of concern by police and politicians for their safety.
Here is a report from Husby, where stores are so fed up with the lack of concern from local authorities, both security and political, that they are having a sort of retail strike.
Some are even planning to just close, or move to areas where there is less crime, or at least better protection from crime.
Shopkeepers in the Stockholm suburb of Husby are closing up on Friday afternoon, as a protest, saying they've been abandoned by police.
Salam Kurda is the chair of the shopkeepers association. They say they have had enough after their shop was burgled. "This is a sign of how unhappy we are with our politicans, who have abandoned Husby to the criminals, they have abandoned us," says Salam Kurda, who plans to give up their shop. They say it is not profitable and they don't feel safe. The response from authorities is that the problem cannot be solved with just more police. They are certainly right about that.
Husby Sweden, a 20 minute train ride from the capital, Stockholm, has been in the news a fair amount in 2016, as multiple film crews have been chased out or attacked by Muslims living in the area.
Here a Norwegian film crew was chased out in May.
A crew from the Australian TV news show, 60 Minutes, was also chased away and attacked by local Muslims.
Here is Ezra Levant's full show from Sweden, showing how the nation has changed due to massive uncontrolled Islamic immigration.
Over the past few years, Husby has seen numerous riots and car burnings.
Generally, once you replace the culture of an area with a totally different one, you are unlikely to find the new culture respectful of the previous people's laws and cultural norms.
Putin, president of Russia, will follow in the footsteps of fellow mononyms Oprah and Zuckerberg by selecting books for their nation's reading public. But the owners of Russia's bookstores are pointing to the government's new plan as an act of censorship by other means.
According to the U.K.'s Publishing Perspectives, a news release by the Russian Ministry of Science and Education has publicized a new plan by the Russian government to offer rent and tax breaks to booksellers “in exchange for an ‘opportunity' to provide a selection of titles chosen by the government.” The official goal of the program, as cited by ministry head Dmitry Livanov, is “to increase sales of high-quality literature, as well as books on culture, art, history and education.”
More to the point, Livanov explains that the government tax breaks may “help promote sales of those books which have historical value” and “can contribute to patriotic education of local population.” If this sounds like another example of what Georgetown professor Harley Balzer, writing in the New York Times, calls “Putin's campaign to stifle civil society in Russia” — well, it might be just that.
In the last year, Putin has strengthened their grasp on the dissemination of ideas in Russia by way of a heightened focus on intellectual culture and the circulation of books. In November of last year, the New York Times reported, the government stripped the nation's 43,000 schools of “hundreds of textbooks that Russian schoolchildren had relied upon for years.” And, in April, Russian bookstores effectively censored themselves when a “government directive mandating the removal of fascist symbols” caused owners to remove books, like Art Spiegelman's Maus, that presented such iconography on their covers.
This month's move to subsidize what amounts to a national Vladimir Putin Book Club comes with characteristically ingenious timing on the part of the Kremlin. Many Russian bookstores, for example, are now shuttering on account of escalating rents. Paradoxically (this is Russia, after all), the rest of the country is in the midst of a nationwide Year of Literature celebration. In other words, Putin's tax break comes at a time when Russia's commercial literary culture is in need of a helping hand. Putin, tough man of culture, is more than happy to provide it — with strings attached.
And Putin's “tough guy” persona is suggestive of the sort of books they will recommend to the Russian nation. Of course Putin has paid lip service to some of the greats of Russian literature; for example, they have cited Tolstoy's Anna Karenina and Dostoevsky's Crime and Punishment and The Brothers Karamazov as favorites. More plausibly, though, Putin sides with a specific sort of macho literature — or, as The New Yorker points out, a literature of the “somber and wounded” man. In a bizarre interview with Gayne C. Young of the American magazine Outdoor Life, Putin cites an array of adventurous, calmly virile books, including Turgenev's (excellent) A Sportsman's Sketches, the nature writings of Mikhail Prishvin, the satire of Mikhail Saltykov-Shchedrin, and (of course) no small offering of Ernest Hemingway.
We also know that Putin believes books are instrumental in the formation national identity. (Indeed, they are a useful policy wedge when navigating the rough terrain between fervent nationalists and new immigrants.) This, to be sure, is the sort of thing they have in mind with their forthcoming recommendations. Much in the same way that Zuckerberg's book club has offered little but the revelation that their mind is governed by petty, neoliberal clichés, Putin's list will likely unveil the soul of a nationalist who — with or without justification — believes the West is out to rob Russia of its empire. Along these lines, Putin could just as well introduce works by Ilyin, Solovyev, and others. Also a favorite: Mikhail Yuriev's novel The Third Imperium, the cover of which shows Russia dominating much of Europe.
Russia's Capital Discusses Issuing Moscowcoin Cryptocurrency
As the work on Russia's national cryptocurrency is underway, the city of Moscow is discussing issuing its own cryptocurrency, the Moscowcoin. This will be possible after the legal framework of cryptocurrencies is established for the whole federation, city officials explained.
Also read: Putin Orders the Issue of Russia's National Cryptocurrency – the Cryptoruble
Moscowcoin Discussion
The head of the Moscow department of economic policy and development, Vladimir Efimov, confirmed to reporters on Thursday that the issue of the city's own cryptocurrency, the Moscowcoin, is being discussed. “The Moscow government plans to create its own cryptocurrency,” RNS reported and quoted Efimov admitting “we are thinking about this topic.” Noting that “the discussion has not been completed yet,” they further elaborated:
Before implementing such technologies in the city, you need an understanding of how this will be resolved at the federal level…When there is a clear understanding of what can and cannot be done, where it is possible [to use] and where it is impossible, we, of course, will adapt to this.
Possible Use
According to Efimov, the Moscow city government is investigating the implementation of the technology in the city's resident-facing web portals and services. “We are discussing the implementation of blockchain technology on the basis of the city's metropolitan services,” they detailed. “We have a whole range of different portals and various forms of interaction with citizens, and now we are actively working out the question of how to implement this technology,” they described.
However, Efimov did reveal one detail about the likely scope of Moscowcoin. They told Tass:
As an option, Moscowcoin can be used by residents of the city on the ‘Active citizen' portal.
Active Citizen is a project by the Moscow government in 2014 “as a venue for holding open referendums in electronic form,” its website states. The platform currently has 1,310,191 users, has conducted 1,667 votes and generated more than 47 million views. The Active Citizen app is available for iOS, Windows, and Android smartphones. It has over 46,000 downloads in the Google Play Store.
Each week, the city mayor and the government of Moscow engage active citizens to discuss important issues related to the city, from transport and landscaping to health and education. By participating, users can earn “points” which can be exchanged for city services such as paying for parking, city excursion programs and tickets to theatres and museums.
Using this portal as a testbed, Efimov said “when we talk about the cryptocurrency, it means wider circulation, rather than narrowly focused. The prototype already exists – everyone has points, some loyalty cards. It's just a matter of where and how you can use it.”
Previous Talks of Moscowcoin
This is not the first discussion of the Moscowcoin cryptocurrency. At the end of August, state-owned Vnesheconombank (VEB) Chairman Sergei Gorkov mentioned the idea. In an open conversation with the founder of the Ethereum platform, Vitalik Buterin, they said that “in the future, Moscow might start issuing its own cryptocurrency,” RNS reported at the time.
However, Moscow authorities immediately responded to their suggestion, stating that the city “will not be able to issue its own cryptocurrency.” They cited that the federal government is in charge of issuing money, the press service of the city's finance department told the publication. According to the representative of the department, “the subjects of the Russian Federation do not have such powers. Monetary emission under Art. 71 of the Constitution of the Russian Federation is under the jurisdiction of the Russian Federation.”
Nonetheless, the idea did not subside. In early September, Deputy Mayor of Moscow on economic policy and property-land relations, Natalia Sergunina, in the press conference for the Moscow financial forum also mentioned the possibility of creating Moscowcoin, Tass reported at the time.
Then on Thursday, Efimov explained:
Use [of Moscowcoin] will be possible only after the legislative and legal framework at the federal level is formulated.
Last week, Russia's president Vladimir Putin and top regulators decided that cryptocurrencies will be regulated in Russia, and the national cryptocurrency called the “cryptoruble” will be created. The finance ministry and the central bank are now working together to draft a bill to provide a basic legal framework for cryptocurrencies.
What do you think of Moscowcoin? Do you think Moscow will successfully issue its own cryptocurrency? Let us know in the comments section below.
Images courtesy of Shutterstock, Tass, Moscow Investment Portal, and Kremlin's website.
Need to calculate your bitcoin holdings? Check our tools section.
Openness is Android's greatest strength — a flexibility that has enabled it to spread to now power four of every five smartphones on the planet.
But openness can be, at times, its greatest weakness. This frailty was demonstrated on Monday when Joshua Drake, a researcher with security firm Zimperium, revealed a hole in Android's source code that hackers can exploit with profound ease: If they have a phone's number, all they do is send a text. The bug, dubbed “Stagefright,” houses the “the worst Android vulnerabilities discovered to date,” the company wrote.
It's a particularly malicious hack because it can compromise the device quietly, unbeknownst to its owner. And for Google, fixing it largely falls outside its control.
“This is a Heartbleed for mobile,” said Chris Wysopal, the CTO of Veracode, referencing the formidable security bug that surfaced last year. “It's sort of the Holy Grail of attacks on phones, where there's no user interaction.”
Google confirmed the flaw's existence, and said it has notified its hardware and telecom partners. It does not appear that any Android devices have suffered the hack as of yet.
“We thank Joshua Drake for their contributions,” a Google spokesperson said in a statement. “The security of Android users is extremely important to us and so we responded quickly, and patches have already been provided to partners that can be applied to any device.”
It's those multitudinous partners that leave Android particularly vulnerable. Unlike Apple, Android pushes out its updates to device manufacturers, who are then obliged to implement them. Apple has faced similar vulnerabilities in the past, but has staved them off recently through its tighter grip on the OS, said Wysopal.
While Android has attempted to exert more control on the hardware in recent years, it still must manage many moving parts at once. Security flaws, like Stagefright, are particularly frustrating for Google, since it needs to rely on partnering telcos and handset-makers, who are often slower on the uptake.
Drake, the researcher, wrote that the Stagefright bug affects Android versions 2.2 and above. Other security analysts suggest that iterations older than Jelly Bean version 4.2, which typically run on low-end Android devices, are more vulnerable since they lack much of the security infrastructure built into the later versions.
Wysopal suggested that Google may need to deploy a blanket solution. The time it may take to patch such a bug, they said, leaves a window for hackers to seize the hole. “The hardware manufacturers and the carriers have been really slow, and not nearly as quick as Google has been,” they said.
Google's responsiveness is part of a broader move to bolster the security credentials within Android, particularly with its “sandbox” application — software meant to isolate the code and data in individual apps from one another. “Most Android devices, including all newer devices, have multiple technologies that are designed to make exploitation more difficult,” the company added in its statement.
HTC sent the following statement to NPR: “Google informed HTC of the issue and provided the necessary patches, which HTC began rolling into projects in early July. All projects going forward contain the required fix.” T-Mobile told Re/code it is working with phone makers to fix the bug as well.
We reached out to the other major carriers and large Android manufacturers, Samsung and Motorola, and will update if they respond.
Drake plans to unveil their full research on Stagefright at the Black Hat USA conference in August.
Update: Verizon echoed the statement from T-Mobile. A rep for Motorola sends word that Google informed them of the bug in June, and that it has integrated the corrective patch in many recent Lollipops (the most recent Android) upgrades and will extend it to all ASAP.
Also, Google, for its part, is playing even more defense. It put out this statement late Monday eve:
As part of a regularly scheduled security update, we plan to push further safeguards to Nexus devices starting next week. And, we'll be releasing it in open source when the details are made public by the researcher at Black Hat.
And if you care to get really deep in the weeds, Adrian Ludwig, Android's chief security engineer put out a lengthy Google+ statement. Without naming Stagefright outright, they clearly hint that the buzz around the bug is alarmist. “[T]he research community today,” Ludwig wrote, “is incentivized to find lots of bugs rather than to test exploit mitigation technologies, so it can be difficult to know if exploitation of bugs is actually possible.”
BEIRUT - Islamic League political leader Azzam al-Ayyoubi verified that Marwan Dimashqiyyeh, whose body was found inside their car yesterday near Dbayeh, had been a member of the league for almost ten years.
Ayyoubi said Dimashqiyyeh was known for backing the Syrian revolution and had supported that cause in Lebanon by helping refugees. They added that Dimashqiyyeh had recently participated in the writing of the song “Dig Your Grave in Yabrud,” a reply to song “Finalize your victory in Yabrud/Nasr Yabrud” by Hezbollah supporter Ali Barakat.
Ayyoubi explained to NOW that “the [religious] convictions held by Dimashqiyyeh [would not allow him] to commit suicide. [There must have been] some kind of operation to eliminate him.” At the same time Ayyoubi refused to confirm accusations that appeared on social media websites implying that Hezbollah carried out the killing because of their involvement with the song.
The Islamic league in Beirut later released a statement saying “in response to [claims] by certain media outlets and websites that the deceased Marwan Dimashqiyyeh [wrote] the song Dig Your Grave in Yabrud, we in the Islamic League in Beirut wish to affirm that there is no link between the deceased Marwan Dimashqiyyeh and that song, neither in singing nor writing it.”
“We confirm our previous statement: The Islamic League neither accuses anyone of committing the murder nor [presents] any theory [concerning the crime]. It calls on its supporters and members to maintain self-discipline and not to trust in rumors. Investigations will be followed until the absolute truth is reached. Therefore, we hope that the media will uphold precision [sic] in publishing its information, especially in these sensitive circumstances.”
After news of Dimashqiyyeh's death went public, the official website of the Free Syrian Army promised to take revenge against Barakat.
Yesterday evening the Islamic League in Beirut issued a statement saying that Dimashqiyyeh “went out just before dawn on Tuesday 25/2/2014 to perform morning prayers as usual. Nothing was heard of them [until] discovery of their body near the sea road, Nahr al-Kalb.”
The statement added that: “as soon as the body arrived and [Dimashqiyyeh's] identity was confirmed, a committee was formed by the Islamic League to follow the official investigation and communicate with the various security and judicial bodies to reach the [full] truth.”
“The official security and judicial investigations the League has followed show that Dimashqiyyeh was shot in the head inside their car, and that there were no signs of [violence], abduction, torture or binding.”
Dimashqiyyeh's body was found yesterday in their car on the Nahr al-Kalb road in Dbayeh, with a gunshot wound to the head. Security sources told NOW that investigations into calls made from Dimashqiyyeh's mobile had been initiated. The sources said suicide was unlikely, as the gun used to kill Dimashqiyyeh was found between their legs rather than to the left or right of their body.
The whiskey company launched by Under Armour CEO Kevin Plank has purchased a 17-acre property near Sparrows Point for use by the distillery.
Aging Barns LLC — an affiliate of Sagamore Whiskey Properties LLC — bought the property on an industrial stretch of North Point Boulevard from Siemens VAI Metals for $2.55 million in February, according to online property records. It includes a 57,400-square-foot building built in 1986.
Sagamore Spirit said in a statement Friday that it was looking for storage space and that the location was selected because of "its proximity to the distillery, the opportunity to repurpose an existing structure and the appropriate size of the available property."
Sagamore Spirit plans to release the first bottles of Sagamore Straight Rye Whiskey on May 13. Distilled from water from Plank's Sagamore Farm, the horse farm once owned by the Vanderbilt family, the whiskey will retail around $40 for a bottle.
Construction of the distillery for Sagamore Spirit is underway on the waterfront in Port Covington, where Plank's Sagamore Development plans a massive mixed-used development anchored by an Under Armour headquarters campus.
For the property at 4611 North Point Blvd., Aging Barns is seeking a "limited exemption" from Baltimore County that would allow the project, which involves constructing three buildings, to move straight to seeking building permits without needing to hold a public hearing or approval from the county's administrative judge.
Baltimore County's Development Review Committee will hold a meeting Tuesday afternoon for a preliminary review of the project.
The property is zoned for heavy manufacturing, which is the most permissive type of industrial zoning.
Baltimore Sun reporter Pamela Wood contributed to this article.
jebarker@baltsun.com
twitter.com/sunjeffbarker
A shooting that left a man lying in the street with a gunshot wound Thursday night may have been the result of road rage, detectives told Channel 2 Action News.
A witness told police they found the man unresponsive about 8:30 p.m. in the roadway of Button Gwinnett Drive near the intersection of Crescent Drive in unincorporated Norcross.
“Responding officers found that the victim had at least one gunshot wound,” Gwinnett police Cpl. Michele Pihera said.
They were taken to Gwinnett Medical Center in Lawrenceville, where they were pronounced dead. They have been identified as Michael Harvey, 39, of Snellville, police said.
Officers are working to determine if an SUV and abandoned and stolen minivan found near the man collided as part of the shooting.
Both vehicles had damage, Pihera said.
Officials were working to develop a description of anyone involved early Friday.
“It's unclear if the suspect fled on foot or eventually got into another vehicle,” Pihera said.
Anyone with information is asked to call the Gwinnett County Police Department at 770-513-5300. To remain anonymous, tipsters should contact Crime Stoppers at 404-577-TIPS (8477). Crime Stoppers tipsters can receive up to $2,000 for information leading to an arrest and indictment.
Noise Orchestra are Manchester sound art duo David Birchall and Vicky Clarke. We use light, electronics, turntables and graphical scores to turn light, images and objects into NOISE; a process called graphical sound. Our practice operates at the intersection of art, experimental music and technology and manifests in performances, DIY instrument making, workshops and installations.
We are currently developing a series of electronic Noise Machines that translate light into sound. These are synthesizer modules such as drones, delays and sequencers that include light Theremin circuitry. Noise Orchestra are working with electronic musicians and interdisciplinary artists to explore how “Light-Noise synthesizers can expand the creative possibilities of using light and gesture in performance and music making” Focusing on the creative interface, sonic and light parameters to investigate the machines potential to aid artistic collaboration with VJs, coders, film and light artists.
For our residency at STEIM, we wanted to explore a range of potential light sensors and inputs into the machines and learn from the staff and community at STEIM about creative interfaces and gestural parameters. we wanted to call on their expertise to help develop our work in terms of light input and gesture and contextualize our practice in line with contemporary alternative instruments and interfaces.Over the two weeks we recorded a series of videos and tests;
We charted our experiments through video and notebook work. We began by investigating different types of light sensors; currently our machines use LDRs, these are quite low in responsivity. This is not necessarily a negative trait, as it depends on what the environmental and performative surroundings and effects you are working with or trying to achieve. For example you may wish a dancer or gestural player to want a slower transition in pitch rather than a quicker change. We began testing with photo transistor circuits followed by photodiodes, which have a quicker response to changes in light:
We discussed with Frank at STEIM about the potential to use an Infa Red proximity sensor, which has an analog output but connects to Arduino so you can map the parametres and thresholds. The LDRs have incredibly wide ranging frequency spectrums, so this could be a way of limiting or gating the very high theremin sounds; which was brought up in the focus groups. One concern with this, is that we want to ensure we keep our ANALOGUE SYNTH sounds, so if we were to include this, we would need to work on an analogue to digital convertor through a Teensy microcontroller, which would make our machines hybrids, not a bad thing, but if we were going to sell hybrid units the price would go up significantly with these expensive parts.
A happy coincidence whilst on residency in Amsterdam was Amsterdam Dance Event. Sound Lab was based at Compagnie Theatre and was the sound/art/technology hub for the conference and dance event, with sound art installations, a modular synth fair, representatives from leading global electronic music instrument makers (Ableton, Native Instruments, Korg) and the latest products and interfaces and workshops. Here's the description: “ADE Sound Lab is a multi-day program covering everything about sound, where sound synthesis, audiovisual art and innovative ways to produce sound are shared, demonstrated, discussed and developed. The program includes artist and engineer talks, audiovisual art installations and live performances, DIY workshops, and top of the line gear.” I attended a fascinating talk from Taksuya Takahashi, Developer at KORG behind the Monotron, Tribe, Volca Series and Minilogue. They discussed the reasons behind this re-emergence of analogue synthesizers and about Korg's product development and brand and organisational structure. Attended a fascinating workshop Hypothetical Instruments led by Krystina from STEIM were we used lofi materials to design and imagine musical machines of the future. This was part of a Europe wide three year research project called Giant Steps, a collaboration between STEIM, Native Instruments, Reactable and various academic partners that aims to “CREATE THE “SEVEN-LEAGUE BOOTS” FOR MUSIC PRODUCTION IN THE NEXT DECADE AND BEYOND. WE ENVISION DIGITAL MUSICAL TOOLS THAT UNLEASH THE CREATIVE POTENTIAL OF PRACTITIONERS BY TARGETING THREE DIRECTIONS: Developing and integrating musical expert agents Developing improved interfaces and paradigms for musical human-computer interaction Addressing low-cost portable devices” This project is interested in its format as it cuts across research, independent, commercial and academic institutions and practice; their final report is due 2017. Also of interest were other experimental instrument developers such as the Formonium, through the soundlab open call. Following initial tests with light sensor types (diodes, transistors), we wanted to make a start in experimenting with the different parameters the light sensors can control. So far pitch and tempo have been the areas we have predominantly focused on in terms of light manipulation. With these experiments we were testing how light may control the length of decay of a tones or tones and if light could control the amplitude through a control voltage. The final video and sound clip are three new machines playing together with gesture controlling amplitude and note decay.
To find out more about our project visit www.noiseorchestra.org ; follow us @OrchestraNoise on Twitter or email info@noiseorchestra.org
WASHINGTON — A rule proposed by the Enivironmental Protection Agency would cut carbon pollution from power plants 30 percent from 2005 levels by 2030 – the equivalent, according to the agency, of taking two-thirds of all cars and trucks in America off the road. Here are some things to know about the rule:
• The E.P.A. expects that under the regulation, 30 percent of electricity in the United States will still come from coal by 2030, down from about 40 percent today.
• The E.P.A. estimates that the rule will cost the economy $7.3 billion to $8.8 billion annually, but will lead to benefits of $55 billion to $93 billion, primarily by preventing premature deaths and mitigating respiratory diseases.
• Critics complain that the rule will drive up electricity costs, but the agency forecasts that the rule will increase energy efficiency across the power sector, leading to lower electricity bills when the program is fully implemented in 2030.
• The rule will not, on its own, lower greenhouse gas pollution enough to prevent catastrophic effects of climate change. But, in combination with other regulations, it would allow the United States to meet its commitment to the United Nations to cut carbon pollution 17 percent by 2020 and press other major polluting countries, particularly China and India, to follow suit.
Aurora police and the city are preparing this month for contract negotiations, with pay and benefits the key issue as they debate a new contract for 2017 and beyond.
Formal negotiations are to begin in late April or early May, said Sgt. Bob Wesner, president of the Aurora Police Association, the city's largest police union. Wesner met with a negotiator for the union this week.
Aurora is in the middle of the pack compared with other police departments in Colorado regarding how much it pays its officers, yet it is the second-largest department in the state, Wesner said.
A mandate that requires the city to hire a certain amount of cops based on population growth is also a chief concern with the union, but that is not an issue that is bargained collectively.
While not part of negotiations, Wesner said the lower pay given to Aurora officers has affected recent recruiting classes. Two years ago, when the last contract was adopted, Aurora officers were about in the middle of the pay scale compared with other large departments in the state. This year, “we're below that,” Wesner said.
Entry-level officers in Aurora earn about $52,000 a year, slightly higher than in Denver, they said. However, it takes officers in Aurora 11 years to reach top pay of $79,000, Wesner said. In Denver, beginning officers can reach top pay of $82,000 in just five years, they said.
“We're the third-largest city (in the state), and we don't compare to Commerce City,” Wesner said of pay levels.
Michelle Wolfe, Aurora deputy city manager, said that two years ago, “we shared a concern we weren't as competitive as we should be,” so the city worked with the union to restructure the pay scale.
They hope getting to top pay in Aurora quicker will be improved in the latest rounds of negotiations.
“I know it does take longer to get to top-step pay than in Denver, and that's one of the factors we are looking at,” they said.
They said the city still is analyzing data of other departments' pay and benefit packages and could not say how Aurora currently stacks up. However, Wolfe noted, Aurora's benefits “have traditionally been richer” than other departments.
Voters in Aurora approved a hiring ratio of two police officers for every thousand residents, a benchmark that began in 1994.
In 2011, the union and the city agreed to lower that to 1.6 per thousand residents — then gradually raise that over time — and a judge signed off on it, issuing consent decree on the agreement.
The hiring mandate requires that Aurora employ 672 police officers this year, 20 more than the city earmarked. That mark likely won't be hit even with the scheduled police academies this year, but both sides hope it will in 2017. The additional officers will cost roughly $2 million, which has already been allocated in the 2016 budget.
“We acknowledge that,” Aurora City Manager Skip Noe said of not being able to hit the hiring ratio this year. “We've been working on a multiyear plan.”
City Councilwoman Barb Cleland, chairperson of the public safety committee, said it is important that the city hire the extra officers. Because, if not, “it says the city has reneged on a judge's ruling.”
Carlos Illescas: 303-954-1175, cillescas@denverpost.com or @cillescasdp
Image copyright ESA Image caption Hydrogen is most commonly found in water - H2O - and in fossil fuels
Hydrogen is the most abundant element in the universe. And when you burn it or use it to produce electricity, the only waste product is water.
In the era of global warming, it would seem to be the perfect fuel.
So why aren't we all driving round in hydrogen-powered cars, moving our goods in hydrogen-powered lorries, and heating our homes and offices with this wonder element?
In short, fossil fuels got there first.
Oil, coal and gas were easily accessible and powered the industrial revolution. Around them, entire economies and transport infrastructures were built.
It was only much later that we realised the potentially catastrophic effects hydrocarbon waste products could have on the environment.
"In the Seventies, the oil crisis made people realise that oil-based economies were vulnerable, so people started to get excited about the potential for the hydrogen economy," says Alex Hart, hydrogen expert at the Carbon Trust.
"But then climate change saw a push towards electricity as the answer to hydrocarbons and hydrogen seemed like a distraction."
Now hydrogen is staging something of a comeback.
Fuel cell tech
Hydrogen fuel cells have been around for decades, but they have always been heavy and expensive.
Image copyright AP Image caption 1998: Peter Lehman, Schatz Energy Research Center, driving the first US road-legal hydrogen fuel cell car
Image copyright Toyota Image caption Toyota's Mirai hydrogen fuel cell car will cost about €66,000 (£47,000)
Image copyright Toyota Image caption Fuel cells are now smaller, cheaper and more efficient
Now Japanese car manufacturers in particular, like Honda, Toyota and Nissan, as well as Korea's Hyundai, believe they have finally made the fuel cell commercially viable and much more efficient.
Toyota's Mirai fuel cell electric vehicle (FCEV), for example, is being rolled out in the US, Japan, Denmark, Germany and the UK this year.
With a range of about 300-400 miles (480-640km) and a tank that can be filled in a matter of minutes, Toyota is hoping FCEVs can give conventional electric vehicles (EVs) a run for their money.
How does a hydrogen fuel cell work?
Image copyright Getty Images
A fuel cell is composed of an anode, a cathode and an electrolyte membrane. Hydrogen is passed through the anode and oxygen through the cathode. At the anode, the hydrogen molecules are split into electrons and protons.
The protons pass through the electrolyte membrane, while the electrons are driven through a circuit, generating an electric current and heat. At the cathode, the protons, electrons and oxygen combine to produce water molecules.
Fuel cells are clean - the only by-products are electricity, heat and water - and they are quiet, because they have no moving parts.
The proton exchange membrane fuel cell is currently the most suitable for vehicles because it can operate at lower temperatures than other fuel cells, but it is not the most efficient.
"In Japan we have a three-year waiting list for the car - demand is outstripping supply," says Toyota's Nik Pearson.
Earlier this year, Toyota announced that it would share nearly 6,000 of its hydrogen fuel cell patents in a bid to boost FCEV development.
The patent portfolio covers fuel cell stacks, high-pressure hydrogen tanks, software control systems and the industrial processes involved in generating and supplying the gas.
Pump priming
But will all the other manufacturers develop FCEVs - and consumers buy them - without a filling station network already in place?
"There are already 100 hydrogen stations in California," says Mr Pearson, "and in the UK the government has given £11m of backing for a small network of 15 stations in the South East."
This is still small beer compared to the hundreds of thousands of petrol and diesel stations worldwide.
Image copyright Air liquide Image caption Hydrogen cars can be refuelled in a matter of minutes, whereas electric battery vehicles take hours to recharge
"The technology of HFCEV has come on in leaps and bounds," says Dr Hamish Nichol, innovation manager for hydrogen at industrial gases giant BOC, part of the Linde Group. "But you need the infrastructure to fuel those cars - it's a chicken and egg situation.
"We're a commercial business - we're not going to build a hydrogen network just for the good of humankind. So we're going to need subsidy from the government."
A series of articles looking at how the world will meet increasing demand for energy and the need to cut CO2 emissions linked to global warming, using old and new technologies
Industrial gases companies, energy companies, vehicle manufacturers and governments are beginning to realise that they have to work together to build the infrastructure, otherwise each stakeholder will be waiting for the other to make the first move.
For example, in Germany just such a consortium - H2 Mobility - is building 100 hydrogen stations over the next two years, with a target of 400 by 2023. The project will cost about €350m (£250m).
And in the north-east of the US, Air Liquide is co-operating with Toyota to build 12 filling stations as a way of boosting interest in hydrogen cars.
But building a comprehensive network will cost billions, experts believe.
Grey or green?
Hydrogen may be a fuel with water as the only waste product, but producing it - most commonly by "cracking" hydrocarbons such as methane - uses a lot of energy and creates greenhouse gases as by-products.
"One of the reasons for using hydrogen is to reduce the carbon footprint, so splitting methane leaves you with the problem of what to do with the CO2 produced," says Dr Nichol.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption This German power station can produce electricity, heat and hydrogen from renewable energy sources
This industrially produced "grey hydrogen" currently accounts for about 95% of total production, says Pierre-Etienne Franc, head of advanced business and technology for Air Liquide, another big industrial gases company.
Far more eco-friendly is hydrogen produced through electrolysis - splitting water into its constituent hydrogen and oxygen molecules - particularly if the electricity used has come from renewable sources, such as wind and solar.
This is the ideal zero-carbon solution.
Image copyright Thinkstock
Hydrogen facts
Hydrogen is the first, lightest and simplest element in the periodic table
It is the most abundant element in the universe
Most of the hydrogen on earth exists in the form of water and organic compounds
The sun converts hydrogen into helium, producing vast amounts of energy
Hydrogen reacts explosively with oxygen, chlorine and fluorine
Henry Cavendish discovered hydrogen, or "inflammable air" as they called it, in the 18th Century
Hydrogen means "water producing"
Another big advantage of electrolysis is that it allows hydrogen to be produced on site, cutting out distribution costs.
Denmark already has five hydrogen filling stations with embedded electrolysers, and Aberdeen City Council recently opened the UK's largest hydrogen production and bus refuelling station, owned and operated by BOC.
Image copyright Boc Image caption Aberdeen is now home to Europe's largest hydrogen bus fleet
The station will fuel 10 hydrogen fuel cell buses.
"But [electrolysis] is about 10 times more expensive than industrial production," admits Mr Franc.
These costs could come down if night-time wind power electricity were used to produce hydrogen when domestic demand is at its lowest, they argue. Oil companies like Shell are currently exploring this option.
Hydrogen future?
So are we well on the road to a fully-fledged hydrogen economy, weaned off our dependence on damaging hydrocarbons?
Possibly, but most industry experts believe that road will be a long one.
"It's going to take a long time because you're completely changing the paradigm - the infrastructure, the regulations - everything," says Mr Franc. "We're on a journey, but we can't go too fast."
The Carbon Trust's Alex Hart is similarly cautious: "Vehicles will definitely be fuelled differently in future, but whether by hydrogen, electricity or biofuel is less clear. We just don't know what the dominant technology will be.
"But we will decarbonise our world - we have to."
Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D, Mass., in debate on the Senate floor, blasted their GOP colleagues for stacking the NLRB with anti-labor members. Tom Williams/CQ Roll Call via AP Images
WASHINGTON — By a strict 49-47 party-line vote – all Republicans for, all Democrats against – the GOP-run Senate approved Los Angeles management-side labor lawyer William Emanuel to the open fifth seat on the National Labor Relations Board.
Emanuel's ascension gives the board, which governs labor-management relations in the private sector and in some parts of the public sector, a 3-2 GOP majority, at least for now. Board Chairman Philip Miscimarra, a Republican, will leave at the end of the year.
That tilt excites the right wing and its business backers. They anticipate Miscimarra and the Trump-named duo of Emanuel and Marvin Kaplan – noted in their Capitol Hill service for GOP-run committees for hating unions—will reverse prior pro-worker NLRB rulings.
And business interests, who welcomed Emanuel to the board, may have even more reason to cheer: Days before the Emanuel OK, Trump nominated former federal management-side labor lawyer Peter Robb to be NLRB's general counsel, its top enforcement officer.
Robb wrote the briefs and made the arguments to get GOP President Ronald Reagan to fire the Professional Air Traffic Controllers Organization (PATCO) members forced to strike on safety grounds in 1981. Trump did not mention PATCO when they nominated Robb.
If confirmed, Robb, now an attorney in Vermont, would succeed Richard Griffin, whose term expires in November. Before entering the NLRB post during the Obama administration, Griffin was general counsel for the Operating Engineers.
Debate transcripts for the late-afternoon Sept. 25 Senate session confirming Emanuel were unavailable, but Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., aggressively questioned them and challenged their ability to objectively enforce labor law at the July 13 hearing for them and Kaplan.
Warren noted Emanuel's Los Angeles law firm, Little Mendelson, where are they a senior partner, is notorious for union-busting. They quoted their extensive academic writings against worker rights. Emanuel argued for limiting picketing, for having mandatory arbitration override labor law and against what the GOP derisively calls “microunions,” where unions can organize a group of workers in a workplace, rather than the whole plant.
Emanuel replied they believe federal conflict of interest rules do not apply to issues their academic writings cover. Warren said he's prejudged those issues and added “I believe the American people deserve better.”
And Sen. Maggie Hassan, D-N.H., quizzed Emanuel on how they would deal with the problem of misclassification of workers as “independent contractors,” stripped of worker rights. Employers also don't have to pay Social Security and Medicare withholding taxes, unemployment benefits, or workers comp for independent contractors.
Emanuel denied the problem is widespread, even though one of the highest-profile “independent contractor” misclassification cases – with the bosses losing every time – is right in their home, Los Angeles, involving port truckers who want to unionize with the Teamsters.
General Counsel nominee Robb, even without their past involvement in the PATCO firings, draws support from management and the radical right. An attorney for the notorious union-busting Jackson Lewis law firm wrote in a blog that Robb “has been critical of the board's ‘tenacity to find neutral (labor) policies unlawful.'”
Those policies include protecting workers' rights to use social media, the board's recently enacted rules removing some employer roadblocks to union representation elections and a policy, pushed by Griffin, to hold both franchise holders – your local McDonald's – and parent firms – McDonald's headquarters – jointly responsible for obeying or breaking labor law.
No hearing date has been set yet for the Robb nomination.
Jackie Coakley can't hide their secrets any longer.
The student at the heart of Rolling Stone‘s discredited gang-rape story has been ordered by a federal judge to turn over their communications with the magazine and author Sabrina Rubin Erdely, and even their counseling communications with the University of Virginia, though they won't be made public.
UVA Associate Dean of Students Nicole Eramo is suing Rolling Stone for $7.5 million, claiming its portrayal of them and their interactions with Coakley are defamatory. Judge Glen Conrad earlier signaled they would force Coakley, who is not a party in the case, to turn over some communications that are relevant to Eramo's claims against the magazine.
RELATED: Erdely's UVA story written with ‘actual malice,' dean says in defamation suit
(Though Coakley is still identified only as “Jackie” in the litigation and mainstream media coverage, their full identity has been public for months and their status as a gang-rape victim is in serious doubt, so The College Fix has decided to fully identify them going forward.)
Conrad wrote in their memorandum opinion that Coakley's claimed privilege for being an alleged rape victim doesn't protect them because federal restrictions only apply to the admissibility of sexual-behavior evidence at trial, not their relevance in discovery, which is what Eramo is seeking.
It is “reasonable and proportionate” for Eramo to obtain Coakley's communications with Rolling Stone, Erdely and “Eramo/UVA” as evidence of defamation and negligence by the magazine, especially because it has already turned over its communications with Coakley, Conrad wrote.
RELATED: ‘Jackie' must turn over communications with ‘Rolling Stone' in suit over discredited rape story
Perhaps the most notable part of Conrad's ruling is their dismissal of Coakley's claim that their counseling sessions with Eramo and Emily Renda (another UVA employee) are protected by “patient-counselor privilege” – a legally dubious claim that nonetheless became a PR nightmare for the University of Oregon in a countersuit against an alleged rape victim suing that school.
Virginia law on the privacy of sexual-assault victims provides an explicit exemption for court orders, Conrad wrote:
The court is unaware of any authority that holds that [the relevant law] creates a patient-counselor privilege, and the court declines to do so in this case. In addition, the statutory language permits disclosure of protected information in response to a court mandate, which provides further support for the court's finding that the statute does not establish an evidentiary privilege. Even assuming that the court could find that this statute establishes a patient-counselor privilege, it appears that Jackie may have waived such privilege by voluntarily disclosing the contents of their communications with Eramo and UVA to defendants.
RELATED: Rape accuser misuses federal privacy law to stop school from defending itself
Communications between Coakley's pseudonym “Haven Monahan” and their friend Ryan Duffin, as well as Monahan's communications with anyone else Coakley gave Rolling Stone before its article was published, must be turned over:
One of the main issues in the defamation action is defendants' due diligence in relying on Jackie as a source for the Article. Plaintiff argues that defendants could have interviewed Ryan Duffin and others about Jackie's story and their credibility as a witness, but failed to do so. As such, these communications are relevant and proportionate as they will help resolve the question of what the defendants could have discovered about Jackie's story and credibility if they had interviewed Jackie's friends.
Only Coakley's communications about the Rolling Stone article before their last public comment to The Washington Post Dec. 5, and not the “details of their alleged assault,” must be turned over, Conrad ruled:
The crux of the dispute in the defamation action is defendants' portrayal of Eramo and Jackie's communications with Eramo/UVA . The specific, graphic details about what may or may not have occurred on the night of September 28, 2012 have no bearing on these issues.
Read the order and Conrad's memorandum.
h/t The Daily Progress
RELATED: Colleges would be hamstrung in lawsuits against them by rape accusers under ‘likely' Department of Ed rules
Like The College Fix on Facebook / Follow us on Twitter
IMAGE: kellywritershouse/Flickr
Read More
Like The College Fix on Facebook / Follow us on Twitter
This isn't a fight for intolerance or exclusion. It's a fight to return reality and mental health to mainstream America
Is a Man Competing on a Woman's Team a Sex Offender?
Conservatives were wrong when they said granting alternative lifestyle practitioners special rights would put the country on a slippery slope. It wasn't a slope at all. America jumped off a cliff. Today sexual confusion isn't concerned with whether a young adult should remain a virgin until marriage. It's concerned with whether a young adult should remain a member of the sex into which they were born.
No one does anything in private any more. The closet is vacant The desperately confused, unhappy people that believe they “are a man trapped in a woman's body” would simply be sad if they lived out their torment privately. Unfortunately, no one does anything in private any more. The closet is vacant. Elite opinion makers in media, politics and law demand society participate in the delusion. Call it mass hysterectomy. The average American is supposed to embrace the theory that a baby is destined to be a homosexual in the womb, but whether the baby is a boy or a girl can only be determined sometime after birth when the child has weighed all its options. Americans who didn't want to make a fuss deluded themselves into thinking that if they just avoided certain areas — San Francisco parades, dance clubs with extensive Village People playlists and trendier florists — they could live their lives in peace and let bi–genders be bygones. That is no longer true. Making sure the kids go to the washroom before going to Target is not enough. Now the gender benders are invading sports. Formerly I was aware of the odd teenage boy who wanted to compete on the girl's track team, but according to WND.com America is way past that. Men have invaded women's sport at every level. Average or has–been men no longer have to be content with being an also–ran. If they are willing to undergo a wardrobe change, in no time at all they can be diamond–level competitors on the distaff side.
Testosterone and anabolic steroids are in the same family and have the effect of increasing muscle mass and strength gains If you have a daughter who wants to compete, there's a distinct possibility she'll be competing against men, to say nothing of changing with them. Here is a brief list of the female sports that men have entered: Weightlifting, cycling, softball, track & field, wrestling, volleyball, basketball, cricket and mixed martial arts. Average men who think they are women have innate genetic differences that give them an athletic advantage few superior women can overcome. Men have greater muscle mass, greater aerobic capacity, more fast–twitch muscle fibers, larger hearts, larger lungs, greater bone density, longer bones and tougher ligaments. As WND.com points out, these advantages give men “mechanical advantages over women, since they have greater leverage, increased height and larger frames to support muscle.” A visit to Victoria's Secret and an estrogen regime won't level the field genetically between men–pretending–to–be–women and the genuine article. Even if your daughter is fortunate to be competing against other women, they can still be cheated by a disturbed girl who wants to be a boy. In Texas the legislature determined athletes must compete in the sex God selected for them. So Texas daughters may have to wrestle against anchor babies and sanctuary grapplers but at least they won't be men. Unfortunately, the legislature didn't consider all the possibilities, because this year the 110 lb. girl's wresting state championship was won by a girl that's been taking testosterone treatments for over a year. In a CNN interview, Dr. Brandon Mines, of Emory University's Department of Orthopedics, explained, “Testosterone and anabolic steroids are in the same family and have the effect of increasing muscle mass and strength gains.”
Lance Armstrong could have entered the women's cycling tour as Leslie Armstrong, taken all the drugs they wanted and still been a champion As a result Texas girls were wrestling a competitor with the muscle mass of a teenage boy. If the same lack of logic was applied to Lance Armstrong they could have entered the women's cycling tour as Leslie Armstrong, taken all the drugs they wanted and still been a champion. I can't explain the motives for these disturbed people going public and demanding accommodation. Maybe it's exhibitionism, craving for attention or the realization this is their only chance to claim Warhol's 15 minutes of fame, but parents and female competitors need to understand it's all at your expense. Parents of normal children need to make their voices heard. It's not bigotry to insist your daughter compete only against genuine women. It's common sense. Demand school boards regain their sanity and if necessary file a lawsuit. If that doesn't work, organize other parents and boycott sports in government schools. Form your own female youth leagues. Women who are adult competitors should make it very clear to organizers they won't enter any event that allows cheating men to compete. This isn't a fight for intolerance or exclusion. It's a fight to return reality and mental health to mainstream America.
Only YOU can save CFP from Social Media Suppression. Tweet, Post, Forward, Subscribe or Bookmark us
Michael R. Shannon (The Whole Shebang (mostly)) is a Virginia-based public relations and media consultant with MANDATE: Message, Media & Public Relations who have worked in over 75 elections on three continents and a handful of islands.
Please adhere to our commenting policy to avoid being banned. As a privately owned website, we reserve the right to remove any comment and ban any user at any time.Comments that contain spam, advertising, vulgarity, threats of violence and death, racism, anti-Semitism, or personal or abusive attacks on other users may be removed and result in a ban.-- Follow these instructions on registering
A doctor told a very good friend of mine that the first three months of a newborn's life is like a fourth trimester. They said that some major development is far from done but we wouldn't be able to give birth to their giant heads if they stayed in the womb any longer (I wouldn't say that they fit really well at 40 weeks either but I'm not going to argue with nature.)
My friend told me this when my first son was about a month old and I was trying to implement all the “well intended” (code for “shit”) advice that is often bestowed on a new mother. It was like an Oprah A-Ha moment and it made perfect sense. If I just let them live their life like he's still in the womb my life will become way less complicated.
Here's what I did with my newborn:
MY LATEST VIDEOS
I stopped trying to give them a bath every night.
Someone told me a bath was essential to establishing a bedtime schedule. They also told me that this should be followed by a massage (sadly for him, not me) and a story. They hated bath time because they were naked and freezing (for the record, they love being both now), the massage confused them just long enough to get through it and I don't know why I thought reading “Go Dog Go” to a two-week old was logical, but then “sane” wasn't an adjective I'd use for me in the first three months of my child's life. I accepted that they were a newborn and not a member of the Deadliest Catch fishing crew so they aren't dirty and they didn't need a bath.
I stopped dressing them in anything other than jammies.
They ate, they pooed, they slept and they cried in a one-hour, round-the-clock cycle. When you have a newborn there is no day and night. I quickly found out that newborns don't have schedules and they are like those creepy rave kids strung out on E, they want to party at 4am AND 4pm. It was a perpetual Groundhog Day so why dress for that? Plus, you just have to undress them if they happen to fall into a blissful sleep around 8pm because IT'S BEDTIME!! (said in a high-pitched control freak shrill) and they don't help with the undressing for a while so it's like stripping a surly, drugged monkey. Not pretty.
I fed them when they wanted to eat.
I remember crying, “he can't be hungry, I just fed him!” so I would try everything to get them to stop only to find out they did want to eat. They would promptly spit it all up but they were happy and therefore I was happy. My motto was “Pick them up. Fill their mouth. Change their bum.” If that didn't work, I'd hand them to their father, say “I can't take it anymore” then cry in the bathroom. It worked for us.
I always let them sleep.
Another “helpful” person told me I should never let a child sleep past 4pm because you'll never get them to bed. This is, in fact, true FOR A TWO YEAR OLD. If your newborn is sleeping, don't wake them. Even though it may not seem like it, they sleep about 16 hours out of 24 in a day and if you think you can roll that into 8 consecutive hours you think wrong. That's like you sleeping one month so you can stay up for two – you'd starve and/or go bonkers. If your baby is sleeping, sleep yourself or hit the Southern Comfort – don't poke the bear.
I didn't do any classes for newborns.
You know these classes that they have to “stimulate” your newborn. Let me tell you something, being awake stimulates your newborn. Jingling keys is like an effing air show to them so don't bother with the damn classes. If you want to feel normal and a part of humanity go do something that stimulates you (in a non-porn way) and just sit the baby in the corner or have it strapped to you in a baby carrier. They don't know where the hell they are anyway so there's no point in you having to sit through “If You're Happy and You Know It” clapping your baby's hands like a newborn/E.T. puppet show because I can guarantee you that your newborn is thinking “I'm not happy and I know it. If I had a dry bum, a full tummy and was asleep on your chest while you lay on the couch binge watching your favourite show, now that would be pretty damn sweet”.
I stopped changing their bum constantly.
When I was sent home from the hospital they gave me a chart to record their peeing and pooing to make sure they were eating enough and everything was in “working order”. I was so happy. I love charts and I loved the small sliver of control I had over the situation. The problem was I got into the habit of changing them every 20 minutes or so. This included the night so if they woke up to eat, I changed them after which meant they woke up that much more which meant it was harder for them to go back to sleep which was not pretty because by the time I got them back to sleep they were hungry again. Once I figured out that if you grease up their little bums and slap a diaper on them they can pretty much make it through the night without a change unless they poo.
I picked them up if they cried.
Some people warned me that this would “spoil him” and they would manipulate me and cry every time they wanted me. Er, okay, look at me and my sneaky baby! My thinking was I would rather pick them up to find out nothing was wrong rather than leave them to cry and find out something was.
I let them sleep on me.
This was considered a big no-no by many because I was “creating a bad habit”. Even I wondered if I would have to rock them to sleep and have them sleep on my chest in their dorm room at college (which would make for some awkward roommate moments) because I didn't establish a sleep schedule early on. Here's the thing, even if you get something established in the beginning, they change so damn quickly that it will be out the window the next week and you're back to square one. A wise friend once told me “whatever gets you though the day” and them sleeping on my chest while I watched a movie got me through the day. So there.
My overall theory about newborns
Personally, I think you have plenty of time to get all these schedules into place so just do “whatever gets you through the day” for the first little while and cut yourself a break. I like the idea of the fourth trimester. All you need for those first few months is to provide them with warmth, food and love – the nightly baths, ferberizing and Mommy and Me classes can wait a bit. I'm just grateful nature decided that it made more sense for them to be on this side of the fish tank rather than making us give birth to 18lb babies, but I'm weird like that.
Our next recos:
Breastfeeding in the First Week: 4 Things You Will Be Glad You Knew
Happily After Giving Birth – 10 Things they Don't Tell You
Just Me? 5 Newborn Surprises
European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker wants a radical new rulebook to strengthen the EU's hand against Chinese takeovers of its most strategic companies.
China's buyouts of critical European infrastructure and high-tech businesses are one of the Continent's most contentious political issues, particularly in France and Germany. In Berlin, the topic leapt to the top of the political agenda last year, when the prized robotics-maker Kuka was bought by Midea, a Chinese manufacturer of washing machines and rice cookers.
According to five senior diplomats who spoke on condition of anonymity, Commission officials are drafting a regulation on screening investment and the goal is for Juncker to propose the new line of defense against China in their State of the European Union speech September 13. A first draft is expected to be ready in early August, and a senior EU official said the plan would "probably" be ready to announce in September.
Trade diplomats in Brussels said there is still heated debate over the legal scope of the plan: how much should be mandatory and what roles should be given to the Commission rather than member countries.
EU guidelines that would steer member countries to use existing legal tools in a harmonized front against Chinese investment have been under consideration for several weeks, but officials have now also confirmed that Brussels is drafting a harder, full legislative proposal.
A survey by the consultancy EY said the Chinese invested €75 billion in European acquisitions and investments in 2016.
Matthias Machnig, Germany's secretary of state for the economy, is one of Europe's most outspoken officials pressing for action over Chinese acquisitions. They told POLITICO they believed the EU legislation should create a framework for national capitals to block deals if the Chinese buyer is bankrolled by subsidies, or if it is making the acquisition based on Beijing's political goals, rather than market forces.
They mentioned Beijing's "Made in China 2025" program as an example of a politically driven plan to acquire technology for national development.
"Look at Kuka and other recent cases in Germany. For cases like that, we want to have the right and legal base for deeper investment probes and want to be able to reject an investment, for example, if it's not market-driven but state-driven," Machnig said last week, shortly before Germany was due to submit its own draft regulation to Brussels.
Feeding into the Commission plan, Berlin is expected to team up with Paris and Rome to submit its own draft this week.
A survey by the consultancy EY said the Chinese invested €75 billion in European acquisitions and investments in 2016, which Machnig said was as much as in all the previous 10 years combined.
China has made no secret of their opposition to EU action against mergers and acquisitions (M&As). On July 14, Reuters quoted Geng Shuang, the foreign ministry spokesperson, saying: "We are concerned about the relevant moves of Germany and Europe."
Making it mandatory?
Trade diplomats from two other EU member countries, however, said some aspects of the plan would have to go further than Machnig described and would have to do more than free countries to take action if they wanted to.
They said the Commission is weighing mandatory screening of certain mergers and acquisitions and member countries would need to establish departments for investment screening if they did not already have them.
The diplomats added the regulation should monitor investments of more than 25 percent into certain strategic companies, based on principles laid down in the World Trade Organization's General Agreement on Trade in Services, which allows investments to be blocked for reasons of “national security” and “public order.”
They argued that a common legal framework is necessary across the EU to ensure that Chinese buyers could not slip through the net by establishing themselves in an EU country where they had not been screened. A Chinese company should not, for example, be able to avoid the screening process and buy a German company through an entity it has created or bought in Portugal.
A senior EU official said the European Commission is studying two paths. The first would simply be to ensure countries use the current legal toolbox available in a coordinated front against China. The second option is the full legislative proposal of rules.
The official also said the final decision on whether to block a buyout could fall to a national capital or the Commission, depending on the nature of the objection. Competition policy, for example, is a core Brussels competence.
“We need to differentiate between national interests, where I would see member states in the lead, and competition law issues, where I could see competences leaning towards the EU level,” the official said.
Hans von der Burchard contributed reporting.
This article is part of an occasional series: China looks West.
— Caitlyn Jenner told the world what the transgender community needs while accepting an award for courage last week.
The former Olympian announced months ago they would begin living as a woman.
A transgender woman from Minnesota made the same decision, and they are now documenting their very personal story.
The name Emma Thrumston was given at birth traces back to male tradition.
“My birth name was Robert Edwin Thrumston the Third,” Thrumston said. “I was named after my grandfather and after my father.”
But Thrumston says there were differences their family could not ignore while growing up in Colorado.
“I think my mom kind of noticed that I wasn't as boy-like as a typical boy my age would have been,” Thrumston said.
It would take nearly 30 years for Robert to become Emma. Now the person used to hiding is instead detailing their decision to their blog readers around the world.
“The truth is that inside of this male physique, beneath the facial hair and deep voice, there is a frightened and terrified woman,” Thrumston said.
It all started as a secret when at 8 years old, they would sneak away to dress in their mom's clothes.
“It was something that I felt definitely very ashamed about because I was a boy — I'm not supposed to wear women's clothing,” Thrumston said.
Thrumston made friends in school, played sports and dated girls. But there were bouts of depression that had them consider suicide.
Those feelings were pushed aside after Thrumston and their girlfriend Sarah, a Minnesota-native, were married six years ago.
“I always knew that I was married to a man who was more effeminate and more sensitive and kind of had that quiet nature,” Sarah Thrumston said.
But Sarah says there were never conversations about the possibility of a transition until Thrumston had a powerful dream last fall gave that gave them the strength to finally speak up.
“I knew that whatever changes they went through on the exterior, the same wit and sense of humor and intelligence would all still be there,” Sarah said.
Thrumston says Sarah's positivity was all the encouragement they needed.
“It was like, ‘Okay, I'm not going to do this alone,'” Thrumston said.
While there are no statistics that exist in Minnesota on gender identity, it is estimated that 0.3 percent of the adult population is transgender. That would make more than 12,000 Minnesotans.
The state became the first in 1993 to pass legal protections that protect transgender people from discrimination.
A current bill at the capitol would tell transgender students which sports teams they can join and which restrooms they can use. Backers believe it is a matter of privacy and safety.
Monica Meyer is the executive director of OutFront Minnesota.
“When people feel like they have to hide parts of themselves, when they feel like they can't be who they are, we're all losing out,” Meyer said.
Advocacy groups like OutFront Minnesota consider that bill a step back. Meyer says there are still many challenges transgender people face in this state.
“We just have more work to do,” they said.
It is why they applaud someone like Thrumston for coming forward to fight back against stereotypes.
Working as a paralegal, Thrumston gave the notice they were most nervous about last month.
“I actually sent an email to the entire law firm,” they said.
They informed their colleagues of their new name and their decision to live as a transwoman.
“It was like a 10,000-pound weight had been lifted off,” they said. “I didn't have to be a man anymore.”
Thrumston will continue to share their story, believing their visibility will give courage to others.
One Minnesota study found 77 percent of transgender people polled experienced workplace harassment, 57 percent have been harassed in public places and 43 percent had attempted suicide.
(UPDATE: Trump Backtracks on Campaign Promise, Won't Overturn LGBT Protections)
Rumors are floating that President Trump will rescind President Obama's executive order banning anti-LGBT discrimination by companies that hold contracts with the federal government and perhaps put a “religious freedom” order in place.
At today's press briefing, White House press secretary Sean Spicer refused to discuss the matter when Washington Blade reporter Chris Johnson brought it up. “I'm not getting ahead of the executive orders that we may or may not issue,” Spicer said. “There are a lot of executive orders, a lot of things the president has talked about and will continue to fulfill, but we have nothing on that front now.”
A week ago, when asked if Obama's order would stand, Spicer replied, “I just don't know the answer.”
Bloomberg Government first reported on the rumors Friday, in a story that is available to clients only. The story noted that “a range of options are under consideration for an executive order that could target LGBTQ people with discrimination, including allowing contractors to discriminate in hiring, allowing taxpayer-funded workers to refuse to serve LGBTQ people or allowing Indiana-style discrimination where contractors could refuse service to LGBTQ people,” according to a Human Rights Campaign press release.
“Indiana-style discrimination” refers to the “religious freedom” law signed by Mike Pence, now vice president, in 2015 when they were governor of Indiana. The law would have given legal cover to businesses that turned away LGBT people or others who offended the business owner's religious sensibilities. Amid public outcry and boycotts, it was amended so as not to allow such discrimination.
“The rumors of an anti-LGBTQ executive action by President Trump are deeply troubling,” said JoDee Winterhof, HRC senior vice president for policy and political affairs, in the press release. “We already know that they are willing to target and marginalize at-risk communities for their perceived political gain. As the president and their team plan their next steps, we want to make one thing clear: we won't give one inch when it comes to defending equality, whether it is a full-on frontal assault or an attack under the guise of religion. Mike Pence should know that better than anyone given their track record in Indiana. The Human Rights Campaign will stand with those who have already been targeted by this administration and are prepared to fight tooth and nail against every effort to discriminate.”
Trump has said they would sign anti-LGBT laws such as the proposed First Amendment Defense Act, a national version of state-level “license to discriminate” laws, which would apply to government workers as well as private businesses and nonprofits, protecting them from penalties if they cite religious objections in refusing service to LGBT people or others.
In what was seen by many as a cynical move, Trump cited antigay discrimination in their executive order blocking entry to the U.S. by people from seven majority-Muslim countries. “The United States should not admit those who engage in acts of bigotry or hatred, (including ‘honor' killings, other forms of violence against women, or the persecution of those who practice religions different from their own), or those who would oppress Americans of any race, gender or sexual orientation,” their declaration stated.
That caught the attention of Lambda Legal CEO Rachel B. Tiven, who issued this statement: “LGBT people refuse to be pawns in Mr. Trump's dangerous and inhumane game. We utterly reject their discrimination against Muslims in the guise of concern trolling for LGBT rights. If they really wants to help LGBT people, they can pledge to retain the Executive Orders that help protect us and to nominate a Supreme Court justice who supports equal treatment of all regardless of their sexual orientation or gender identity.”
Regardless of how a game might look over the course of its first 73 minutes, if the scoreboard still reads 0:0 at that point, it's an even match by the only measure that counts.
The 1. FC Köln defense was tested repeatedly by VfB Stuttgart's new attacking-style play for much of the time when the game remained scoreless. But the visitors remained steadfast in turning their hosts away and taking their opportunities when they came.
And it was after another Stuttgart effort ended in the gloves of Timo Horn that the effzeh put the game on its head.
Let's unwrap the gift delivered by Kevin Vogt, Leonardo Bittencourt, Anthony Modeste, a collection of ball-watching defenders, and a keeper just a fraction of a moment too late.
Timo Horn had looked to restart play quickly after snatching a fairly non-threatening ball out of the air, but didn't like any of the options available to him, so they booted it into the middle of the field. Timo Baumgartl got enough of the ball to return it back toward the center line, but their header travelled more vertically than horizontally.
You can see from where everyone is looking that the effzeh have the ground space below the ball's path fairly well surrounded, while Stuttgart has just the two guys in position to attack.
I note the position of Kevin “Robo” Vogt, because . . .
Vogt flies into the middle of the action to take to the sky and win the moment with Christian Gentner unable to resist the power and glory of a Robo-Vogt attack. Vogt's header sends the ball back in the other direction.
Anthony “Big Mo'” Modeste on the far right is ready to bolt goal-wards, just in case Vogt's momentum is enough for them to get their header over the Stuttgart back four. Yuya Osako is turning to do likewise, while Leonardo Bittencourt holds their spot as an closer outlet.
Lukas Rupp and Florian Klein were already in fairly decent position to deal with Bittencourt, should the ball get to him, which it did. Bittencourt chests the ball down and has little option but to scramble to even just try to keep the ball.
As Bittencourt navigates away from Klein, Gentner closes down to help Rupp attempt to take the ball off the effzeh winger, which proves to be less simple than it would have appeared.
Meanwhile, Osako and Modeste have reset and settled into onside positions, which end up being fairly easy to maintain anonymously as not one of the Stuttgart defenders can be bothered to keep tabs on the strikers, instead focusing intently on the double-teamed guy with the ball.
I suppose it can be said that Vogt and Simon Zoller are also just standing and watching, but they have less-urgent responsibilities in this particular frame.
And, somehow, Bittencourt has Houdini-s their way out of that double-team and bursts into space.
Leo shows that, in addition to the technical skill to dance out of tight spots, they possess fairly decent field-vision and a deft touch. They spot Modeste making their break and plays the ball through accordingly.
Emiliano Insua, who we had just seen be completely oblivious to the whereabouts of Big Mo', has the gall to throw their hand in the air to indicate to the referee assistant that Modeste should be flagged as having been offside.
Either that, or he's letting their coach know that he's aware that they are among the people now guilty of having blown their marking duties.
Someday, the Bundesliga will hook me up with a budget, with which I'll hire a professional photographer to make sure I'm not stuck with blurry screen caps when trying to tell a story.
For now . . . blurry screen cap . . . which almost shows that Big Mo' got their boot on the ball before Przemysław Tytoń's fingertips could quite get there. I guess you have to take my word on it, if you didn't see it.
After Tyton got not even a fingertip on the ball, they made a whole lot of contact with Modeste's lower body, even reaching up to grab at the attacker's knee, maybe just in case the ball didn't get past the goal line and Modeste somehow managed to keep their feet.
I suppose you have to play innocent, if just for the odd chance that the one person being paid to see such things didn't happen to see what the rest of the tens-of-thousands in the building saw fairly clearly.
You DID touch him, and fairly thoroughly.
See?
From there, it's a fairly straightforward case of converting the penalty, taking the lead, unknotting the string on the waist of your shorts where you've tied a baby pacifier, celebrate your first goal with your new club with the pacifier in your mouth, and get back to business.
The business of victory . . . come on EFFZEH!
Doctors Resist Deadly Vaccine
NEW DELHI, Feb 8 2014 (IPS) - A spate of sudden infant deaths following vaccination in India has prompted leading paediatricians to call for stronger regulatory mechanisms to evaluate new vaccines for safety and efficacy before their acceptance into the national immunisation programme.
According to data obtained from the Union Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, over the last one year 54 babies are recorded to have died soon after receiving the newly introduced “pentavalent” vaccine that is designed to prevent infection by five disease-causing microbes.
“If the birth cohort in India of 25 million is vaccinated with pentavalents, 6,250 babies will die each year from adverse effects following immunisation." -- Dr. Jacob Puliyel
Rolled out gradually in different Indian states since December 2012, the pentavalent vaccine is a combination which seeks to confer immunity against Haemophilius influenzae type B and Hepatitis B, in addition to the protection afforded by the traditional trivalent vaccine against Diphtheria, Pertussis and Tetanus (DPT).
“Going by the ministry's figures, an average of one death has occurred for every 4,000 babies vaccinated with pentavalents,” says Dr. Jacob Puliyel, who heads paediatrics at the St. Stephen's Hospital here. “If the birth cohort in India of 25 million is vaccinated with pentavalents, 6,250 babies will die each year from adverse effects following immunisation (AEFI).
“The huge cost in terms of lives lost from AEFI on being given the combined pentavalent vaccine is difficult to justify,” Puliyel tells IPS, adding that the time-honoured DPT vaccine had a far better record for safety.
Given that the reporting of AEFI in many Indian states is unreliable, paediatricians believe that many more deaths may have occurred than recorded, and recommend a ban on the use of pentavalent vaccines until there is a thorough investigation of the policy change that allowed their entry into India.
In September 2013 Dr. Yogesh Jain, former assistant professor of paediatrics at the India Institute of Medical Sciences and currently expert at India's Planning Commission on developing universal health, filed a public interest litigation in the Supreme Court seeking a ban on pentavalent vaccines.
Jain's lawyers argued at preliminary hearings that the “five-in-one” vaccine is banned in Canada, the United States, Europe, Australia, the United Kingdom, and Japan as also in the developing countries Pakistan, Bhutan, Sri Lanka, and Vietnam, following infant deaths.
Puliyel says that pentavalents gained entry into India as the government chose to bypass the National Technical Advisory Group on Immunisation (NTAGI) that was set up in 2001 to advise on the introduction of new vaccines. “NTAGI instructions for evaluation were not done after the first year.”
In most countries vaccines are introduced into the national programme after an expert committee has studied the burden of the disease, the safety and efficacy of the vaccine and affordability. If these are satisfactory the vaccine may be considered for inclusion in the routine immunisation schedule.
“Of late, the World Health Organisation has been recommending vaccines that are accepted without regard to local cost effectiveness,” says Puliyel. “Organisations like the Global Alliance for Vaccines and Immunisation (GAVI) have also been pushing new vaccines into India and other developing countries by providing substantial donor grants at the introductory stage.”
Typically, according to Puliyel, once a vaccine gains entry into the Universal Immunisation Programme (UIP), funding is withdrawn and the government finds itself saddled with the full costs of supporting a vaccine of doubtful value and, in some cases, dangerous.
In India, until recently, when a vaccine was proposed to be introduced into the UIP, a subcommittee of the NTAGI would review the available literature and consult experts to make an informed decision. In the interests of transparency the minutes of the meetings and recommendations would be uploaded onto the ministry's website.
In 2013, an Immunisation Technical Support Unit funded by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation was set up to “help” NTAGI in its work, but a new confidentiality clause was inserted to protect the “proprietary” interests of commercial, academic and research institutions.
“In fact, the confidentiality clause is not limited to proprietary matters and NTAGI members are barred from divulging discussions, opinions or decisions for 10 years after leaving the committee that decides on the new vaccine,” Puliyel says.
“Vaccines being introduced in the UIP must be cost effective and look at the disease pattern and load in the country, rather than ape models from other countries,” says Sumbul Warsi, leading city paediatrician and medical director of the well-known Holy Family Hospital.
“The NTAGI must be a totally independent body which is capable of resisting pressures from outside and be transparent,” they tell IPS. “It seems that of late there has been a lot of interference in the process leading up to the introduction of vaccines.”
Puliyel says the government must publish information about a vaccine under consideration for inclusion in vaccination schedules. Stakeholders, including patient groups, health professionals, academic institutions, vaccine companies and organisations like the WHO and GAVI can then register their interest.
Transparent processes would gain the confidence of the public, which is vital in any mass immunisation programme, Puliyel says.
BisuDagger Profile Blog Joined October 2009 Bisutopia 16634 Posts Last Edited: 2017-01-16 15:39:12 #1
Week 1 Signups
TL.net Fight Club
Signups for Week 1 will be open Jan. 7th thru Jan. 14th
Please sign up here:
There is a revision/edit history on this document and I will review it thoroughly to ensure signups were honest.
Who will play? The next opponent will be selected through a raffle based on players who want to compete each week. Rank must be A- or higher. The two players are responsible for arranging and playing all 9 matches before each Tuesday's cast and then supplying them to the event organizer, BisuDagger.
Format Signups to participate will be available the Saturday (4 days) before each cast. This will ensure the player selected from the list will be able to play the same week they are chosen to participate. The next challenger will be announced at the end of each cast.
B09 will be played.
After each game, loser picks the map for the next game.
The maps available for picking are below. *No map can be played twice in a series.
Map List Korean Maps:
Circuit Breaker
Benzene
Demian
New Bloody Ridge
New Sniper Ridge
Foreign Maps:
(2)Overwatch
(3)Reap the Storm
(4)Kiseyras
CrownAndScepter
Donations Fight Club will go on past 10 weeks as long as there are enough continued donations to pay the players. Donations accepted here:
Victory Prize $30 prize to winner
Bonus:
$50 for winning 5 weeks in a row (Bounty Activated)
Bounty:
$35 defeating a player with a bounty activated
Cast: Hosted by: BisuDagger
The bo9 will be played ahead of cast in order to make the event run smoothly. The cast will be done by BisuDagger, but may include players or guest casters.
Sponsors: Potential sponsors are being worked on. In the case that a sponsor signs on, the prize amount to the winner will increase.
Any parties interested in becoming a sponsor may contact BisuDagger personally Media links: Reference format:
Stream:
Twitter:
Writer: Bisudagger
Graphics: v1
Editors:BigFan, FO-nTTaX, 2Pacalypse-
Signups for Week 1 will be open Jan. 7th thru Jan. 14thPlease sign up here: Signups There is a revision/edit history on this document and I will review it thoroughly to ensure signups were honest.The next opponent will be selected through a raffle based on players who want to compete each week. Rank must be A- or higher. The two players are responsible for arranging and playing all 9 matches before each Tuesday's cast and then supplying them to the event organizer, BisuDagger.Korean Maps:Foreign Maps:Fight Club will go on past 10 weeks as long as there are enough continued donations to pay the players. Donations accepted here: Fight Club Donations . Please write the word "Fight Club" in the details column. Regardless of any note, all money received to this account will be going towards this event.$30 prize to winner$50 for winning 5 weeks in a row (Bounty Activated)$35 defeating a player with a bounty activatedHosted by: BisuDaggerThe bo9 will be played ahead of cast in order to make the event run smoothly. The cast will be done by BisuDagger, but may include players or guest casters.Reference format: http://wiki.teamliquid.net/starcraft2/IPL_Fight_Club Stream: https://www.twitch.tv/teamliquidnet Twitter: BisuDagger Bisudaggerv1 Moderator Ofiicial Afreeca Starleague Caster: http://afreeca.tv/ASL2ENG2
BisuDagger Profile Blog Joined October 2009 Bisutopia 16634 Posts Last Edited: 2017-01-13 12:35:01 #2
In regards to maps, I did set out with a goal to have 4 foreign maps, but did not want to overwhelm the players with a lot of changes. The last map that would be considered is Crown and Scepter. Please vote and explain your choice so I can adjust accordingly.
CAS:
+ Show Spoiler +
Edit: Poll has been resolved. CAS is replacing Pathfinder.
+ Show Spoiler + Poll: Replace Pathfinder with Crown and Scepter
Yes (21)
54%
No (18)
46%
39 total votes (21)54%(18)46%39 total votes Your vote: Replace Pathfinder with Crown and Scepter (Vote): Yes
(Vote): No
The closing on this decision will be in 5 days (january 11th)In regards to maps, I did set out with a goal to have 4 foreign maps, but did not want to overwhelm the players with a lot of changes. The last map that would be considered is Crown and Scepter. Please vote and explain your choice so I can adjust accordingly.CAS: http://www.panschk.de/mappage/comments.php?mapid=4849 Edit: Poll has been resolved. CAS is replacing Pathfinder. Moderator Ofiicial Afreeca Starleague Caster: http://afreeca.tv/ASL2ENG2
sicklucker Profile Blog Joined July 2011 Canada 16681 Posts #3 :D
ReachTheSky Profile Joined April 2010 United States 3110 Posts #4 This is awesome! I'm going to mull over the idea of sponsoring a week or two Zerg is hands down the easiest race to play.
Ty2 Profile Blog Joined March 2013 United States 1175 Posts Last Edited: 2017-01-07 16:54:48 #5 Asked for access. Writer I feel weird.
BisuDagger Profile Blog Joined October 2009 Bisutopia 16634 Posts #6 I'm making to doc public. Please let me know if anyone else doesn't have direct access.
Moderator Ofiicial Afreeca Starleague Caster: http://afreeca.tv/ASL2ENG2
FyRe_DragOn Profile Blog Joined November 2006 Canada 1935 Posts #7 1st map is CB? aka DragOn[NaS]
FlaShFTW Profile Blog Joined February 2010 United States 8205 Posts #8 in for the casting
Writer #1 KT and FlaSh Fanboy || Woo Jung Ho Never Forget || Author of the SC:R Power Rank
BisuDagger Profile Blog Joined October 2009 Bisutopia 16634 Posts #9 On January 09 2017 07:35 FyRe_DragOn wrote:
1st map is CB?
Nope, reigning champs pics first map. For week 1 I will flip a coin for first pick. Nope, reigning champs pics first map. For week 1 I will flip a coin for first pick. Moderator Ofiicial Afreeca Starleague Caster: http://afreeca.tv/ASL2ENG2
trutaCz Profile Joined October 2011 Poland 686 Posts Last Edited: 2017-01-09 01:09:33 #10 ....."and playing all 9 matches". Does it mean that if the score is 5-0, rest of matches will be played? yo~.~
BisuDagger Profile Blog Joined October 2009 Bisutopia 16634 Posts #11 On January 09 2017 09:14 trutaCz wrote:
....."and playing all 9 matches". Does it mean that if the score is 5-0 (6-1), rest of matches will be played?
Nope, bo9 stops when player has won the majority. So 5 wins is all thats needed. Ill make sure to add this all to a wiki that will be on liquipedia this week. Nope, bo9 stops when player has won the majority. So 5 wins is all thats needed. Ill make sure to add this all to a wiki that will be on liquipedia this week. Moderator Ofiicial Afreeca Starleague Caster: http://afreeca.tv/ASL2ENG2
Freakling Profile Joined October 2012 Germany 1104 Posts #12 (3)Reap the Storm version 1.03
for alternative download source.
+ Show Spoiler [version image] +
Changelog
added more usable building space to 10 o'clock main
added more building space for turrets and such on the mid ground between mineral only and high ground third
some cosmetic updates
plus a rather unholy amount of what may look like random changes because technically they are just random changes, whereas what they actually are is a highly sophisticated military training course to sober up all those funky workers who could not find their proper way home to the nearest town hall after, I assume, having had a bit too much of their drugs... you know, whatever that stuff is they label as "minerals"...
Official Update: BWMN link for alternative download source.
Alakaslam Profile Blog Joined September 2011 United States 12258 Posts Last Edited: 2017-01-09 06:38:22 #13 I suck too terribly to even consider this but happy to see broodwar stuff :D
Better tires from Россия https://youtu.be/idLoI5nyQ-U and the best people are 여자들이 🤱🏻 Which statement is played straight?
fearthequeen Profile Joined November 2011 United States 671 Posts Last Edited: 2017-01-10 06:30:30 #14 gl hf to all and I'll be rooting for Ty2 and Dragon. Very nice initiative BD!
edit: for clarification, we have to be A- at the time of selection? this season? anytime in the past? flying
Th1rdEye Profile Blog Joined December 2006 United States 1069 Posts #15 Maybe I'll be able to Fight in the club some day ^O^! Good luck to allMaybe I'll be able to Fight in the club some day ^O^! from the days of: TheMarine [NC]...YellOw [H.O.T.]-Forever99 OgOgO [_MuMyung_] ChRh PlayGrrrr.... SlayerS_`BoxeR` [Oops]Reach [ReD]NaDa [DF]zergboy..!! Pusan[S.G] Nal_rA GARIMTO SSamJJang ChoJJa JinSu Silent_Control iloveoov H_PauL_WII JulyZerg [DaK]JoYo
kogeT Profile Joined September 2013 Poland 1355 Posts Last Edited: 2017-01-10 09:48:42 #16 I'm in.
zelderan Profile Joined May 2013 United States 157 Posts #17 Wow this looks great! Can't wait to watch the games "Pumpkin mut-muts!" ~ Tasteless
BisuDagger Profile Blog Joined October 2009 Bisutopia 16634 Posts Last Edited: 2017-01-12 23:04:14 #18 I created a wiki here. I will add more details but I wanted to make it available http://wiki.teamliquid.net/starcraft/TL.net_Fight_Club Moderator Ofiicial Afreeca Starleague Caster: http://afreeca.tv/ASL2ENG2
Cryoc Profile Joined July 2011 Germany 792 Posts #19 How would you then find out if they are really available for a specific week then, though? This makes walkovers much more likely as you first have to find out if someone is available and then find an alternative in a shorter time frame. http://www.twitch.tv/cryoc
Terrorterran Profile Joined January 2009 Peru 246 Posts #20 I haven't signed up yet because I won't be able to play first week if chosen. Now that you will keep the same sheet all season should I sign now or after first week is played?
Thanks for the tournament . GG
1 2 3 Next All
Children play in front of a smelter pumping lead and arsenic residue in the air of Ruston, Washington; a woman holds a glass of black, undrinkable water from their well in Ohio; and the view from the George Washington Bridge in Manhattan is so hazy with smog that the New Jersey skyline is impossible to see. These scenes were captured in the early 1970s as part of a project, called Documerica, that was commissioned by the Environmental Protection Agency to document pollution in the US. Today, the photos show what America looked like before environmental protections were put in place — and they serve as an important reminder of why we need those protections.
Today, the future of the EPA is uncertain. The new EPA leader, Scott Pruitt, has made a career out of suing the agency for its environmental regulations, working hand in hand with the fossil fuel industry. President Donald Trump is expected to drastically cut the EPA's budget and workforce, as well as roll back many of the regulations that empower the agency. And a bill meant to terminate the EPA by December 2018 was recently introduced in the House by three Republican members of congress.
But most ordinary people haven't forgotten life before the EPA — and the majority of them don't want these cuts to the agency. More than 60 percent of Americans want to see the EPA's powers preserved or strengthened under Trump, according to a Reuters / Ipsos poll released last month. And it's not just liberals, either — almost half of Republicans wanted the EPA to continue in its mission as well. Only 19 percent of Americans would like to see the agency "weakened or eliminated."
“There's tremendous public support for clean air and clean water, and the basic mission of the agency is tremendously popular,” Paul Sabin, an environmental historian at Yale University, tells The Verge. “People are counting on the government to provide those protections.”
In fact, when the EPA was created in 1970 by Republican President Richard Nixon, there was broad bipartisan support for it. “Restoring nature to its natural state is a cause beyond party and beyond factions,” Nixon said in their 1970 State of the Union speech. “It has become a common cause of all the people of this country.” That's because in the 1950s and ‘60s, Americans could witness pollution firsthand — not just in EPA photographs.
Most US cities — from New York to Los Angeles, which was renamed the smog capital of the world — were engulfed in smog. In 1948, in the small town of Donora, Pennsylvania, 20 people died and many others got sick because of toxic, thick yellow smog produced by the local zinc plant and steel mill. In 1969, a layer of oil and debris floating on the surface of the Cuyahoga River in Cleveland was set on fire when sparks from a train landed on the polluted water. The iconic image of the burning river, published in Time, sparked outrage, but in fact the photo was taken in 1952, when a similar accident occurred. Though the Cuyahoga is the most famous, burning rivers across the US were not an unusual sight back then.
The EPA — and environmental regulations like the Clean Air Act and the Clean Water Act the agency enforces — helped change all that. From 1970 to 2015, national emissions of pollutants like lead, carbon monoxide, and nitrogen dioxide have declined by an average of 70 percent. These and more changes meant 160,000 people in the US didn't die prematurely due to air pollution in 2010 alone. But deaths aren't all of it: 86,000 emergency room visits and 13 million lost days from work were also prevented. That's good for human health and for the economy. Since the 1980s, the EPA has also worked with local authorities to clean up some of the most polluted sites in the US, from landfills that caught fire to radioactive waste housed close to residential areas.
The EPA has also played a central role in saving wildlife like the iconic bald eagle. After World War II, the birds were ingesting the widely used pesticide DDT. It turned out DDT made eagles lay eggs with such weak shells that the adult eagles would crush the eggs in the nest as they tried to incubate the next generation. By 1963, fewer than 500 nesting pairs of bald eagles remained. In 1972, the EPA banned DDT — which by then was also shown to pose health risks to people — and bald eagle populations rebounded. In 2007, the birds were taken off the threatened and endangered species list.
“The American environment is dramatically improved from what it was in the 1970s, before the EPA was created,” says Cody Ferguson, an assistant professor of history at Fort Lewis College who's currently researching the EPA's Documerica project. And the EPA has “played a central role in affecting those improvements.” Bob Deans, at the Natural Resources Defense Council, says it a bit more bluntly: “The EPA is the last line of defense between environmental ruin and a livable world,” they tell The Verge. “Do we want our children to drink water with lead in it? Do we want our rivers catching on fire? Nobody wants these things.”
In their first speech to the EPA, Pruitt said that they wish to give responsibility for environmental protection back to the states. But pollution doesn't respect state boundaries. For instance, acid rain in the Northeastern US, which was causing strong environmental damage in the Adirondacks in the 1980s, was largely due to pollution coming from Midwestern states like Ohio, Illinois, and Michigan, Deans says. So by setting national standards, the EPA can make sure every state complies with regulations — and prevents damage to surrounding states from ones that might have looser regulations. “An important thing the EPA does is create a level playing field across the nation,” Sabin says.
Today, the environmental challenges aren't as obvious as those of the ‘60s and ‘70s — with burning rivers and cities choked by smog — but they're as important as ever. Climate change will pose new threats to our environment and health, from rising sea levels to heat waves and more destructive natural disasters. We're in the middle of a mass extinction. And lead in drinking water is a problem that still affects millions of Americans across the US. “To some degree, we've started taking the environment and environmental protection for granted,” Ferguson says.
But if the EPA's authority is diminished or the agency is terminated, all those years of progress might go to waste. The environmental degradation recorded by the EPA's photos in the 1970s wasn't so long ago. “We have to acknowledge that just because we had this success, we have these improved conditions, doesn't mean that the job is anywhere near done,” Ferguson says. The EPA is “the top national flight attendant to protect our environment and health,” Deans says. “What could be more important?”
Introduction:
On a scale not seen since the ‘great' world depression of the 1930's, the US political system is experiencing sharp political attacks, divisions and power grabs. Executive firings, congressional investigations, demands for impeachment, witch hunts, threats of imprisonment for ‘contempt of Congress' and naked power struggles have shredded the façade of political unity and consensus among competing powerful US oligarchs.
For the first time in US history, the incumbent elected president struggles on a daily basis to wield state power. The opposition-controlled state (National Public Radio) and corporate organs of mass propaganda are pitted against the presidential regime. Factions of the military elite and business oligarchy face off in the domestic and international arena. The oligarchs debate and insult each other. They falsify charges, plot and deceive. Their political acolytes, who witness these momentous conflicts, are mute, dumb and blind to the real interests at stake.
The struggle between the Presidential oligarch and the Opposition oligarchs has profound consequences for their factions and for the American people. Wars and markets, pursued by sections of the Oligarchs, have led opposing sections to seek control over the means of political manipulation (media and threats of judicial action).
Intense political competition and open political debate have nothing to do with ‘democracy' as it now exists in the United States.
In fact, it is the absence of real democracy, which permits the oligarchs to engage in serious . The marginalized, de-politicized electorate are incapable of taking advantage of the conflict to advance their own interests.
What the ‘Conflict' is Not About
The ‘life and death' inter-oligarchical fight is not about peace!
None of the factions of the oligarchy, engaged in this struggle, is aligned with democratic or independent governments.
Neither side seeks to democratize the American electoral process or to dismantle the grotesque police state apparatus.
Neither side has any commitment to a ‘new deal' for American workers and employees.
Neither is interested in policy changes needed to address the steady erosion of living standards or the unprecedented increase in ‘premature' mortality among the working and rural classes.
Despite these similarities in their main focus of maintaining oligarchical power and policies against the interests of the larger population, there are deep divisions over the content and direction of the presidential regime and the permanent state apparatus.
What the Oligarchical Struggle is About
There are profound differences between the oligarch factions on the question of overseas wars and ‘interventions'.
The ‘opposition' (Democratic Party and some Republican elite) pursues a continuation of their policy of global wars, especially aimed at confronting Russian and China, as well as regional wars in Asia and the Middle East. There is a stubborn refusal to modify military policies, despite the disastrous consequences domestically (economic decline and increased poverty) and internationally with massive ethnic cleansing, terrorism, forced migrations of war refugees to Europe, and famine and epidemics (such as cholera and starvation in Yemen).
Cholera outbreak in Yemen (Source: EPA)
The Trump Presidency appears to favor increased military confrontation with Iran and North Korea and intervention in Syria, Venezuela and Yemen.
The ‘Opposition' supports multilateral economic and trade agreements, (such as TTP and NAFTA), while Trump favors lucrative ‘bilateral' economic agreements. Trump relies on trade and investment deals with Saudi Arabia and the Gulf Emirates and the formation of an aggressive military ‘axis' (US-Saudi Arabia-Israel -Gulf Emirates) to eventually overthrow the nationalist regime in Iran and divide the country.
The ‘Opposition' pursues wars and violent ‘regime change' to replace disobedient ‘tyrants' and nationalists and set up ‘client governments', which will provide bases for the US military empire. Trump's regime embraces existing dictators, who can invest in their domestic infrastructure agenda.
The ‘opposition' seeks to maximize the role of Washington's global military power. President Trump focuses on expanding the US role in the global market.
While both oligarchical factions support US imperialism, they differ in terms of its nature and means.
For the ‘opposition', every country, large or small, can be a target for military conquest. Trump tends to favor the expansion of lucrative overseas markets, in addition to projecting US military dominance.
Oligarchs: Tactical Similarities
The competition among oligarchs does not preclude similarities in means and tactics. Both factions favor increased military spending, support for the Saudi war on Yemen and intervention in Venezuela. They support trade with China and international sanctions against Russia and Iran. They both display slavish deference to the State of Israel and favor the appointment of openly Zionist agents throughout the political, economic and intelligence apparatus.
These similarities are, however, subject to tactical political propaganda skirmishes. The ‘Opposition' denounces any deviation in policy toward Russia as ‘treason', while Trump accuses the ‘Opposition' of having sacrificed American workers through NAFTA.
Whatever the tactical nuances and similarities, the savage inter-oligarchic struggle is far from a theatrical exercise. Whatever the real and feigned similarities and differences, the oligarchs' struggle for imperial and domestic power has profound consequence for the political and constitutional order.
Oligarchical Electoral Representation and the Parallel Police State
The ongoing fight between the Trump Administration and the ‘Opposition' is not the typical skirmish over pieces of legislation or decisions. It is not over control of the nation's public wealth. The conflict revolves around control of the regime and the exercise of state power.
The opposition has a formidable array of forces, including the national intelligence apparatus (NSA, Homeland Security, FBI, CIA, etc.) and a substantial sector of the Pentagon and defense industry. Moreover, the opposition has created new power centers for ousting President Trump, including the judiciary. This is best seen in the appointment of former FBI Chief Robert Mueller as ‘Special Investigator' and key members of the Attorney General's Office, including Deputy Attorney General Rob Rosenstein. It was Rosenstein who appointed Mueller, after the Attorney General ‘Jeff' Session (a Trump ally) was ‘forced' to recluse themselves for having ‘met' with Russian diplomats in the course of fulfilling their former Congressional duties as a senior member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. This ‘recusal' took significant discretionary power away from Trump's most important ally within the Judiciary.
The web of opposition power spreads and includes former police state officials including mega-security impresario, Michael Chertoff (an associate of Robert Mueller), who headed Homeland Security under GW Bush, John Brennan (CIA), James Comey (FBI) and others.
The opposition dominates the principal organs of propaganda -the press (Washington Post, Financial Times, New York Times and Wall Street Journal), television and radio (ABC, NBC, CBS and PBS/ NPR), which breathlessly magnify and prosecute the President and their allies for an ever-expanding web of unsubstantiated ‘crimes and misdemeanors'. Neo-conservative and liberal think tanks and foundations, academic experts and commentators have all joined the ‘hysteria chorus' and feeding frenzy to oust the President.
The President has an increasingly fragile base of support in their Cabinet, family and closest advisers. They have a minority of supporters in the legislature and possibly in the Supreme Court, despite nominal majorities for the Republican Party.
The President has the passive support of their voters, but they have demonstrated little ability to mobilize in the streets. The electorate has been marginalized.
Outside of politics (the ‘Swamp' as Trump termed Washington, DC) the President's trade, investment, taxation and deregulation policies are backed by the majority of investors, who have benefited from the rising stock market. However, ‘money' does not appear to influence the parallel state.
The divergence between Trumps supporters in the investment community and the political power of the opposition state is one of the most extraordinary changes of our century.
Given the President's domestic weakness and the imminent threat of a coup d'état, they have turned to securing ‘deals' with overseas allies, including billion-dollar trade and investment agreements.
The multi-billion arms sales to Saudi Arabia and the Gulf Emirates will delight the military-industrial complex and its hundreds of thousands of workers.
Political and diplomatic ‘kowtowing' to Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu should please some American Zionists.
But the meetings with the EU in Brussels and with the G7 in Siciliy failed to neutralize Trump's overseas opposition.
NATO's European members did not accept Trump's demands that they increase their contribution to the alliance and they condemned their reluctance to offer unconditional US military support for new NATO members. They showed no sympathy for domestic problems.
In brief, the President's overseas supporters, meetings and agreements will have little impact on the domestic correlation of forces.
Moreover, there are long-standing ties among the various state apparatuses and spy agencies in the EU and the US, which strengthen the reach of the opposition in their attacks on Trump.
While substantive issues divide the Presidential and Opposition oligarchs, these issues are vertical, not horizontal, cleavages – a question of ‘their' wars or ‘ours'.
Trump intensified the ideological war with North Korea and Iran; promised to increase ground troops in Afghanistan and Syria; boosted military and advisory support for the Saudi invasion of Yemen; and increased US backing for violent demonstrations and mob attacks in Venezuela.
Protest against the Maduro government in Venezuela
The opposition demands more provocations against Russia and its allies; and the continuation of former President Obama's seven wars.
While both sets of oligarchs support the ongoing wars, the major difference is over who is managing the wars and who can be held responsible for the consequences.
Both conflicting oligarchs are divided over who controls the state apparatus since their power depends on which side directs the spies and generates the fake news.
Currently, both sets of oligarchs wash each other's ‘dirty linen' in public, while covering up for their collective illicit practices at home and abroad.
The Trump's oligarchs want to maximize economic deals through ‘uncritical' support for known tyrants; the opposition ‘critically' supports tyrants in exchange for access to US military bases and military support for ‘interventions'.
President Trump pushes for major tax cuts to benefit their oligarch allies while making massive cuts in social programs for their hapless supporters. The Opposition supports milder tax cuts and lesser reductions in social programs.
Conclusion
The battle of the oligarchs has yet to reach a decisive climax. President Trump is still the President of the United States. The Opposition forges ahead with its investigations and lurid media exposés.
The propaganda war is continuous. One day the opposition media focuses on a deported student immigrant and the next day the President features new jobs for American military industries.
The emerging left-neo-conservative academic partnership (e.g. Noam Chomsky-William Kristol) has denounced President Trump's regime as a national ‘catastrophe' from the beginning. Meanwhile, Wall Street investors and libertarians join to denounce the Opposition's resistance to major tax ‘reforms'.
Oligarchs of all stripes and colors are grabbing for total state power and wealth while the majority of citizens are labeled ‘losers' by Trump or ‘deplorables' by Madame Clinton.
The ‘peace' movement, immigrant rights groups and ‘black lives matter' activists have become mindless lackeys pulling the opposition oligarchs' wagon, while rust-belt workers, rural poor and downwardly mobile middle class employees are powerless serfs hitched to President Trump's cart.
Epilogue
After the blood-letting, when and if President Trump is overthrown, the State Security functionaries in their tidy dark suits will return to their nice offices to preside over their ‘normal' tasks of spying on the citizens and launching clandestine operations abroad.
The media will blow out some charming tid-bits and ‘words of truth' from the new occupant of the ‘Oval Office'.
The academic left will churn out some criticism against the newest ‘oligarch-in-chief' or crow about how their heroic ‘resistance' averted a national catastrophe.
Trump, the ex-President and their oligarch son-in-law Jared Kushner will sign new real estate deals. The Saudis will receive the hundreds of billions of dollars of US arms to re-supply ISIS or its successors and to rust in the ‘vast and howling' wilderness of US-Middle East intervention. Israel will demand even more frequent 'servicing' from the new US President.
The triumphant editorialists will claim that ‘our' unique political system, despite the ‘recent turmoil', has proven that democracy succeeds . . . only the people suffer!
Long live the Oligarchs!
* * *
Latest book by James Petras:
The End of the Republic and the Delusion of Empire
ISBN: 978-0-9972870-5-9
$24.95 / 252 pp. / 2016
EBOOK ISBN: 978-0-9972870-6-6
ORDER E-BOOK: $19.00
Featured image: Blog for Arizona
Activist Post
Information from a new study into the lives of sheepdogs could be used to model robots after their techniques. This takes on a sinister possibility when we understand that researchers are opening up the Internet to robots for autonomous learning. Robo Brain is being funded by the military-surveillance-industrial complex. The press release below specifically mentions crowd control as a prime application. What could possibly go wrong?
Sheepdogs use just two simple rules to round up large herds of sheep, scientists have discovered.
The findings could lead to the development of robots that can gather and herd livestock, crowd control techniques, or new methods to clean up the environment.
For the first time scientists used GPS technology to understand how sheepdogs do their jobs so well. Until now, they had no idea how the dogs manage to get so many unwilling sheep to move in the same direction.
NERC fellow, Dr Andrew King of Swansea University, fitted a flock of sheep and a sheepdog with backpacks containing extremely accurate GPS devices designed by colleagues at the Royal Veterinary College, London.
Daniel Strömbom of Uppsala University and colleagues then used data from these devices, together with computer simulations, to develop a mathematical shepherding model.
The team found that sheepdogs likely use just two simple rules l: to collect the sheep when they're dispersed and drive them forward when they're aggregated. In the model, a single shepherd could herd a flock of more than 100 individuals using these two simple rules.
The research is published in the Journal of the Royal Society Interface.
‘If you watch sheepdogs rounding up sheep, the dog weaves back and forth behind the flock in exactly the way that we see in the model,' says King.
‘We had to think about what the dog could see to develop our model. It basically sees white, fluffy things in front of it. If the dog sees gaps between the sheep, or the gaps are getting bigger, the dog needs to bring them together,' they explain.
‘At every time step in the model, the dog decides if the herd is cohesive enough or not. If not cohesive, it will make it cohesive, but if it's already cohesive the dog will push the herd towards the target,' says Strömbom.
‘Other models don't appear to be able to herd really big groups – as soon as the number of individuals gets above 50 you start needing multiple shepherds or sheepdogs,' they say.
‘There are numerous applications for this knowledge, such as crowd control, cleaning up the environment, herding of livestock, keeping animals away from sensitive areas, and collecting or guiding groups of exploring robots,' says King.
Swansea University
Hat tip: Gigaom
An ICC prosecutor has sought a warrant for Mr Bashir's arrest Sudan's President Omar Hassan al-Bashir has announced an immediate ceasefire in the Darfur region of western Sudan. They said their government would start disarming militias and restrict the use of weapons among armed groups. Darfuri rebel groups did not take part in talks, and analysts have questioned the president's motivation. Previous ceasefires have failed, while Mr Bashir has faced intense pressure after an international court prosecutor sought a warrant for their arrest. The International Criminal Court prosecutor sought to indict them in July on charges of genocide, war crimes and crimes against humanity committed in Darfur. The BBC's Amber Henshaw, in Khartoum, says the government hopes this plan will be enough to convince the international community to defer the case against Mr Bashir. But similar declarations in the past have come and gone without making any difference on the ground in Darfur, they add. Up to 300,000 people have died and more than two million have fled their homes in Darfur since 2003. Rebel groups began the conflict in 2003, but since then militia groups seen as having links to Mr Bashir's government have been held responsible for waves of violence against civilians. Monitoring Mr Bashir made the announcement after hearing the final recommendations of the Sudan People's Initiative (SPI), a government-backed plan to find peace for Darfur that did not involve any rebel groups. The recommendations were expected to lay the foundation for a possible peace conference in Qatar. ACCUSATIONS AGAINST BASHIR Genocide: Killing members of the Fur, Masalit and Zaghawa ethnic groups Causing members of these groups serious bodily or mental harm Inflicting conditions of life calculated to bring about these groups' physical destruction Crimes against humanity: Murder Extermination Forcible transfer Rape Torture War crimes: Attacks on civilians in Darfur Pillaging towns and villages
Who are Sudan's Darfur rebels? Send us your comments "I hereby announce our immediate unconditional ceasefire between the armed forces and the warring factions, provided that an effective monitoring mechanism is put into action and observed by all involved parties," Mr Bashir said. The Justice and Equality Movement (JEM), a key rebel group, told the Reuters news agency on Wednesday that it could not agree to the ceasefire. However, Sudanese Industry Minister Jalal al-Dugair, a spokesperson for the SPI, told the BBC that the government would launch contacts with the rebel groups to promote the ceasefire. Some diplomats believe the ceasefire announcement is a step in the right direction, our correspondent reports. But the US charge d'affaires in Khartoum, Alberto Fernandez, told the BBC the challenge now would be to translate good ideas into a improvement on the ground for the people of Darfur. "That was the challenge before the Sudan's People's Initiative, [and] it is still the challenge," they said. Multiple factors Ali Hassan, the head of the Unamid peacekeeping force in southern Darfur, told the Associated Press the Sudanese government was to be praised for putting "something concrete on the table for discussion". The proposal puts on the table "almost all the issues the rebels have demanded," Mr Hassan said, adding that the UN and Qatar would now work to bring the rebels into the ceasefire. HAVE YOUR SAY Although it seems unlikely - I really hope this lasts. Dean, Birmingham, UK One international observer told our correspondent that it was partly an attempt by the Sudanese government to put pressure on rebel groups to sign up to a 2006 peace agreement, which most rebels rejected. There are also hopes that the announcement will put pressure on the international community to set up a monitoring force in Darfur, as no such force exists at the moment. Interviewed by the BBC on Tuesday before Mr Bashir's announcement, Sudan's Foreign Minister Deng Alor said any ceasefire would not come as a direct response to the ICC, but might influence it. "If we come up with the clear roadmap for Darfur, then I think we can have the moral authority to begin to ask... whether they could defer the decision by the ICC," they said.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Nike Metcon 4
The first Nike Metcon that Josh Bridges hasn't blown through.
MORE DURABLE UPPER
The most significant update to the Nike Metcon 4 is the addition of the tri-star shapes which add strategic durability where it's needed most (high-wear areas like the toe box and sides) while leaving mesh for breathability and flexibility in other spots.
ADDED TOE BOX CUSHION
Designers used a sandwich mesh (essentially a two-layer mesh) to provide a sensation of cushioning on top of the foot for the first time which also hugs the foot better than previous Nike Metcon models.
MO' EYELETS
There are six lace eyelets in the Nike Metcon 4 (versus five in the Metcon 3) so you can fine-tune your laces for more precise comfort and support.
EXTRA PADDING ON TONGUE
A soft tri-star at the top of the tongue provides a little extra padding between the forefoot and laces.
HEEL COUNTER
More for aesthetics than performance, the heel counter is more minimal than past silhouettes.
THE OUTSOLE
The Nike Metcon 4 has the same allover-rubber outsole and the same 4-millimeter drop as the Nike Metcon 3, so you get the same underfoot experience you've grown to love.
MIDSOLE CUSHIONING
The midsole cushioning and comfort that you've grown to love in the Nike Metcon models remains the same.
WASHINGTON ― House Republican leaders managed to derail a House floor vote last week on impeaching the commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service, but Donald Trump may wish they also squashed a hearing Wednesday on whether or not impeachment was a good idea.
That's because Democrats hijacked the hearing with Commissioner John Koskinen when they got their chance to speak, and managed to skewer Trump's refusal to release their taxes.
One Democrat, Rep. Luis Gutierrez (D-Ill.), elevated the exercise to A-level trolling by opening their round of questions while munching on a bag of Skittles in a reminder of Donald Trump Jr.'s recent gaffe about Syrian refugees and the likelihood that they “would kill you.”
But that was just pointed mockery.
The larger point was to turn a hearing that Democrats deemed a political stunt into a display that instead raised the serious issue of the Republican presidential nominee's refusal to disclose their taxes.
All presidential nominees since the 1970s have released their tax returns, but Trump says they cannot unveil theirs because they are being audited by the IRS.
Plenty of pundits have called the excuse phony, so Democrats decided to nail it down with Koskinen.
Although the commissioner refused repeatedly to get into specific talks about Trump, Democrats got them to make the general point.
“Is there anything that would prohibit someone from releasing tax returns, if they want to, because they're under audit?” Rep. Jerry Nadler (D-N.Y.) asked.
“No,” Koskinen answered.
The answer was the same when Rep. Ted Deutch (D-Fla.) wanted to know if there was anything that would stop someone from proving that they are in fact being audited by releasing the audit letter they got from the IRS.
“Would releasing the person's tax return during the audit in any way impact that pending audit of the return?” Deutch asked.
“The release itself wouldn't. The concern sometimes by taxpayers is that when the information is public there may be more information that will be discovered or provided,” Koskinen said.
“That is the concern,” Deutch agreed, sounding somewhat pleased with the admission. “We understand that is the concern.”
Democrats then went on to highlight some of the items that could prove problematic for Trump to disclose, such as their actual income, what they pay the government in taxes, clues to their actual net worth and records of their charitable giving.
Rep. Zoe Lofgren (D-Calif.) wondered aloud if discovering payments by Russia might suggest a monetary ― or even treasonous ― motive for going soft on a U.S. rival.
Several also raised the recent reports of Trump using their tax-free foundation to to buy paintings and sports memorabilia, to fund political campaigns and to pay business expenses.
“Is it appropriate for a foundation to give political donations?” asked Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee (D-Texas).
The answer was no.
Gutierrez focused specifically on Trump using foundation money to pay legal expenses and to buy a portrait.
“Given that scenario, is that strictly speaking ― what's the term ― legal?” Gutierrez asked.
Koskinen declined to respond to anything remotely specific, but was willing to lay out the basic law.
“Any tax-exempt organization cannot use its money to benefit anyone who's closely associated with that organization,” Koskinen said.
And while they said repeatedly that they would not talk about any individuals, Democrats were happy to suggest a certain GOP candidate may wind up with some serious problems with the taxman.
“Commissioner, you know who I'm talking about. Everyone in this room knows who I'm talking about,” said Gutierrez, who had made clear at the start of their questions to Koskinen that they were going to enjoy their chance to derail the GOP's hearing.
“I have a few extra bags of Skittles and I'm going to share them with you and your staff so that after this reckless and bitter hearing you can get a small amount of sweet candy to improve the rest of your day,” Gutierrez said.
The NSL was a league of passion, pride and history. It was where legends walked and role models were created.
Sydney FC gloveman Danny Vukovic (Parramatta Power) names journeyman keeper Clint Bolton as their idol.
Alex Brosque (Marconi Stallions) cites Brendan Renaud, Dominic Longo and Mark Babic.
Brendon Santalab (Sydney United) reverts to Steve Corica, while Alex Wilkinson (Northern Spirit) always looked up to Alex Tobin.
And these are just a handful of the great names etched into Australian football folklore.
The NSL was also a proving ground for up and coming stars.
In 2002, Alex Brosque was one of those young bucks: "You definitely got knocked around. You definitely got hardened up," they recall.
The 33-year-old says Marconi, in Sydney's west, felt like more than a club. They say it was a community.
"It was driven by where you were born. So Marconi is an Italian club, Sydney United was a Croatian club, Sydney Olympic the Greeks."
These identities were a source of strength for the clubs in their heyday in the '80s and early '90s.
Indeed, many of the clubs were founded by migrant communities.
The players who wore the club crests with pride all those years ago are still split on the role of clubs with ethnic ties
"Back then, there was a lot of hatred happening, there was a lot of crowd trouble," says Brendon Santalab.
Alex Wilkinson would go on to play at the 2014 World Cup for the Socceroos.
 They are somewhat more circumspect when recalling supportership in the former national league.
"It was documented that there were problems there, but just the general passion that the fans used to show and the derbies. It used to be fantastic," they say.
As the league limped to its demise in the late '90s and into the new millennium, troubles at the top at some of the NSL's biggest clubs trickled down to the dressing sheds.
Brendon Santalab witnessed it first hand: "There were times were there was no salary for players for three, four months. Was the club going to fold?"
As did Alex Wilkinson: "For the older players, very difficult. They've got an income, then all of a sudden the league stops and they've got to find something else to do to support the family."
The NSL ended on a rainy day in 2004 with the grand final victory of Perth Glory over Parramatta Power.
After an 18 month recess, the 14 teams that competed in the 2003-2004 NSL season were whittled down eight teams, some of which were completely new franchises.
These eight sides were to compete in the new A-League - the rebranded national competition.
Some fans made the switch.
As Alex Brosque attests, many didn't.
"A lot of people got behind that but I feel like a lot more should have. So we're slowly starting to see that teenagers back then, they're adults now, they've got kids and their kids are seeing, the A-League is what we have."
A league somewhat more stable than its predecessor in its dying days.
Brosque says it's only now, over a decade later, that the role the NSL played in laying the foundations for football's growth in Australia, is being recognised.
"You can't forget it because it is a reason why we're here today and why the A-League is what it is today. Without the NSL, you don't have that."
Tammy Franks says South Australia should follow Tasmania, Victoria and Western Australia and abolish 'archaic law with dangerous consequences'
Greens lawmaker Tammy Franks is campaigning to end the ‘gay panic' defense in South Australia.
The ‘gay panic' law can be used to reduce a murder sentence to manslaughter if the defendant proves they were prompted by a same-sex sexual advance.
‘It is an archaic law with dangerous consequences that sends all the wrong messages in the year 2013,' said Franks, who is a Greens Member of the Legislative Council (MLC) in the state of South Australia.
‘What the existing law does is effectively suggest that homophobia is okay,' said Franks.
‘It suggests that a non-violent sexual advance directed by one man towards another man, or one woman towards another woman, is somehow deserving of a special defense to murder.'
The Australian states of Tasmania, Victoria and Western Australia have abolished the law.
Catholic priest Paul Kelly started a campaign to get rid of the law in Queensland, after the defense was used in a murder that happened in their churchyard.
The previous Labor state government responded to Kelly's campaign and agreed to change the law. But the Liberal administration who were voted in last year said they wouldn't go ahead with the change.
‘It depends on the circumstances, each case has to be assessed on its merit,' said Attorney-General Jarrod Blenijie.
A select committee in the New South Wales parliament released a report examining the partial defense of provocation last week. It recommended for the law to be reformed.
The 2016-2017 Premier League campaign that everyone has been salivating for kicked off this last Saturday with some incredibly exciting games. Last year's champions were soundly beaten by a newly promoted team with only 13 professional players on their team sheet, Pep Guardiola had a bit of a nervy start, Shaquiri scored an absolute blinder, and Arsenal-Liverpool played what will surely become one of the classic games this season.
There were some flat performances however – Tottenham struggled to make a case for themselves against Everton at Goodison Park.
Prior to the game, Everton's newly appointed manager, Ronald Koeman, stated that their players were nowhere near maximum fitness. The Toffees' star player Romelu Lukaku was missing from the team sheet as well, in what was shaping up to be an almost foregone conclusion. Everton's tired players would surely be steamrolled by an (almost) full-strength Spurs side.
And they surely would have, had Tottenham played anywhere near the quality they showed last season. But they didn't.
In many ways, it was a vintage Tottenham performance – lethargic. Pochettino has fought and succeeded in revolutionizing the mentality of the club, but like an old habit that's hard to kick, sluggish performances such as the one we saw Saturday pop up every now and again.
Spurs were simply caught sleeping until the 65th minute of the match. There were very few signs of Pochettino's trademark high-intensity press, which made the whole system ineffective – if only one player applies pressure properly, the player in possession will always have a safe pass. Everton, on the other hand, were much hungrier for the ball and showcased a brutal tenacity that no Tottenham player could cope with.
Pochettino chose to deploy Victor Wanyama alongside Eric Dier as the preferred starting midfielder, Mousa Dembele, was still serving a suspension. Although both are somewhat more defensive-minded players, both Dier and Wanyama have exhibited their passing range before – the former in their many great performances for Spurs last season, the latter in Southampton (admittedly, when they were motivated enough.) Neither would be able to replicate Dembele's penetrating dribbles, but they weren't expected to either–Eriksen, Lamela, and Dele were instructed to drop deeper than usual in order to create passing lanes for the defensive midfielders; both of which had their hands full the entire match.
Both Dier and Wanyama would have had a much easier time had Dele, Eriksen, and Harry Kane been effective in any way, shape, or form.
All three – star- attacking players were mind-numbingly inconsequential to anything that occurred on the pitch. Dele Alli put in what was probably their worst performance in a Spurs shirt.
They showed none of the confidence that seemed to be oozing out of them last season. Dele was slow to react to loose balls and even slower to make a pass. Off the top of my head, I can't remember them making a single one-touch pass that was in any way creative or daring. They played like the player everyone expected them to be at the beginning of last season – a scared teenager who would take time to adapt to the grueling Premier League. Maybe they feel they have expectations to fulfill now after winning the Young Player of the Year award last season, or maybe they feel like they have to make up for Spurs' ‘collapse' last season, or England's failure in the Euros. No matter what it is, Pochettino has to get them sorted – they have a key part to play in Tottenham's push for the top 4.
Harry Kane is another player that may be feeling off after the end of last season and the Euros as well. Tottenham's star striker was completely marked out of the game. Everton's defensive setup was impeccable, something that Four Four Two wrote about here. As good of a game as the Toffees' three-man backline had, there's no denying that Kane was completely off their game. He's been the focus of the opposition's defense countless times, and yet they usually find some way to influence the game in one way or another. On Saturday, Kane's biggest contribution was being moved back to accommodate Tottenham's new boy, Vincent Janssen.
The Dutch striker impressed with both their link-up play and off-the-ball movement. Surprisingly enough, they showed more hunger in winning 50/50s and loose balls than both Dele and Kane combined. Two players that were so pivotal to our campaign last season went completely missing, and Janssen took the opportunity to prove himself. They still have to work on their ball control and constant fouling (even in a team with Lamela in it), but it looks like we have brought in a proper secondary striker that may push for a starting spot. With that being said, it's a bit hard to tell whether Tottenham really improved in quality throughout the game or Everton merely dropped off with tired legs. Which is the most worrying part of Tottenham's performance.
All of the top teams have brought in new managers, and completely given a face-lift to their teams. Most, if not all pundits and fans, have written off Tottenham as a team that will simply not be able to keep up with the likes of Mourinho, Guardiola, or Conte. But the Tottenham faithful have clung on to the idea that new players and manager take time to settle into the team – just as we saw in Spurs' '13-'14 season, buying a ton of new players doesn't always lead to success. There is something to be said for consistency across seasons. Since Spurs players played excellently for the majority of last season, it was thought that we could potentially hit the ground running while other teams took time to gel.
In fact, the opposite happened. Manchester United, City, and even Liverpool hit the ground running while Tottenham faltered. Perhaps even more ironically, Everton – with a new manager, missing their star man, and filling a gap in defense with a youth defender – played like a team that's been practicing together for ages. Spurs were on the opposite spectrum, similar to a pickup game with random teammates that you've never played with before.
This is just the first game of the season, and I don't want to fulfill the Spurs fan stereotype of just spouting doom-and-gloom, but Pochettino clearly has work to do in getting a lot of our players' heads right. If we keep having performances such as the one we saw against Everton, with the way other top 6 clubs are playing, it will be an uphill battle the rest of the season.
Advertisements
Buy Photo The Brickyard Battalion celebrates a goal by Indy Eleven forward Justin Braun in the first half of their NASL soccer match against Puerto Rico FC on April 1 at Carroll Stadium on the campus of IUPUI. (Photo: Matt Kryger/IndyStar)Buy Photo
Those of us fortunate enough to have been born and raised in Indianapolis can remember a time when the term “destination city” certainly didn't make people think about our state capital.
Dreary? Boring? Desolate? None of these words are too harsh; in fact, other than the 31 days in May, they are so accurate as to be painful. Growing up here in the 1960s and ‘70s, there is no way I could have predicted the brilliant success and terrific reputation Indianapolis has around the globe for hosting sporting events, a vibrant Downtown, and, yes, our Hoosier hospitality.
In hundreds of countries around the globe, moreover, the national game, the national passion is soccer. Played by billions of people and watched by billions of people, fútbol is clearly the most popular sport in the world. In the United States and in Indiana, the popularity of soccer has grown exponentially during the past few decades.
In 2013, our professional soccer team, Indy Eleven, joined the North American Soccer League. Quickly, and despite playing their games in a converted track venue, the team attracted a devoted and dedicated following, led the league in attendance, and proved they are a considerable driver to our city's economy.
What we know:Briggs: It's crunch time for Indy Eleven's MLS expansion bid
The potential is there, however, for so much more. We have a chance this year to build on the vision articulated over the past several decades by the founders of modern Indianapolis: let's come together and build a stadium that can host soccer games and other events involving thousands of fans and for soccer players at all ages.
While we watch sports at all levels, we tend to gravitate to watching our favorite sports and teams that showcase skills at the highest level. For soccer in the United States, this is Major League Soccer. It has teams in the largest cities in the United States and Canada. To say MLS is thriving would be a significant understatement; last year's average attendance for its 22 teams was nearly 22,000 (21,690), surpassing crowds attending NBA and NHL games.
MLS has announced plans to expand its league by four teams; Indy Eleven is one of the teams applying to the league for an expansion franchise. While the impact of an MLS team on Indianapolis would be tremendous for the local economy, its statement to the rest of world would be just as powerful.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Hoosier Politics newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong What's happening in politics across Indiana. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-888-357-7827. Delivery: Thu Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Hoosier Politics Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
A bigger stage for our soccer team means more visibility around the world for economic development. People in other countries and on other continents (read: leaders who make decisions about where to invest and create jobs) pay attention to Major League Soccer and understand the vibrancy it brings to a city. As mayor, a foreign dignitary or corporate executive frequently asked me about our local sports teams.
Indy Eleven's connection to its fan base is truly remarkable. If I were to have any doubt that Major League Soccer could succeed here, I would only have to go to a game. The team is a success on the field. Its activities mean more tax dollars for our city. It has recruited a substantial number of local investors. Indy Eleven's presence in the community is constructive and constant.
Indianapolis transformed itself because it wasn't afraid to take the necessary steps to break into the major league of cities throughout the world. Sports and tourism were, and remain, a critical foundation of our growth for the past fifty years. Through Indy Eleven, we have been given a unique chance to expand our economic and entertainment portfolio in a way that will be noticed around the globe.
Please join me in supporting Indy Eleven's move to Major League Soccer.
Ballard is a former mayor of Indianapolis.
Read or Share this story: http://indy.st/2optZmU
MLS is a league of haves and have-nots and nowhere will this be more clear in 2014 than Toronto.
England striker Jermain Defoe and U.S. international midfielder Michael Bradley arrive this season on record deals for the North American soccer league. In Toronto, they will train alongside players like 24-year-old fullback Ryan Richter whose annual salary was listed at $35,125 (U.S.) last season.
Toronto starting goalie Joe Bendik, who has since got a new deal, was on $46,500.
Story continues below advertisement
Taking Defoe's reported weekly salary of almost $150,000, it would take Richter and others at their level more than four years to earn what the England striker collects in seven days.
Toronto FC manager Ryan Nelsen, a former MLS player who went on to a profitable career in the English Premier League, says the market dictates player salaries.
"When I played (in MLS), I was a minimum salary guy," the New Zealander said on the eve of the team travelling to a Florida training camp Sunday. "But I hadn't done anything. If you want to go away and play for some of the best clubs in the world, then market will determine what you get paid."
MLS teams are allowed three designated players (Brazil's Gilberto is Toronto's other DP), with only $390,000 of their respective pay counting against a salary cap that will be around $3.1 million this season. But under the league's seemingly fluid rules, allocation money can be used to pay down other listed salaries.
It's like telling someone you only have $40 without adding that that's only in your left pocket and you have another $25 in your right.
According to salary numbers published by the MLS Players Union, Seattle striker Clint Dempsey topped the league in salary at $508,366.50 last season. Thierry Henry of the New York Red Bulls earned $4.35 million.
Dutch striker Danny Koevermans, whose contract expired after last season, led Toronto at $1.66 million. They were one of 10 TFC players whose salary was listed at more than $100,000 while 18 made under $100,000.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
But the Players Union figures only tell part of the story. In reality, the numbers are as clear as mud given allocation money and other rules.
Commissioner Don Garber themselves noted during their annual State of the League address in December that MLS needed more transparency.
"As an emerging league, there are times when we are figuring out those rules as we go along," they said.
As in other leagues, there are perks for the stars.
Maple Leaf Sports & Entertainment reportedly found a home for Defoe's family as part of their deal. German star Torsten Frings, a former TFC designated player, got a condo at Maple Leaf Square.
Other players are on their own, although the club has a fine reputation for looking after all its talent off the field. Still, the one complaint that many players seem to share is one that Torontonians already know — the city is not cheap to live in.
Story continues below advertisement
One can argue that MLS has to overpay to convince a player like Defoe to cross the Atlantic. But Nelsen argues that English Premier League clubs have their own financial issues.
"I came into Premier League clubs where I had 18-, 19-year-olds turning up with Bentleys and Lamborghinis and they hadn't even played 10 senior games," they said.
Premier League parking lots are a sight to behold. Canadian international goalie Lars Hirschfeld bucked the trend during their time at Tottenham when they used to drive a used VW Beetle to work.
Crazy money seems the standard for elite English teams. The Sunday Telegraph recently estimated the total cost of Manchester City's squad at 361.5 million pounds ($596.3 million).
According to Deloitte's Sports Business Unit, Man City's 2011-'12 payroll was 202 million pounds (US$333.2). The average Premier League player made 30,000 pounds ($49,485) a week that season.
TFC's parking lot has traditionally been a modest affair although past designated players have added class when it comes to wheels. Canadian midfielder Julien de Guzman had some flash rides, with license plates to match, and Frings, who was accorded the honour of their own room on the road, drove a Mercedes.
Story continues below advertisement
When the team trained at BMO Field, several players biked to work. Others walked from nearby Liberty Village. Reporters getting out of the streetcar en route to practice often found themselves trailing players.
These days Nelsen and other front office members drive KIAs to the team's KIA Training Centre, with one assistant coach sporting a stylish Merc. The team helps bus players to the venue in the north part of the city with public transport also an option.
With Defoe not scheduled to show up until March and the team holding only a few closed-door sessions before heading to Florida, the look of this year's parking lot remains a mystery to most.
Nelsen suggests the marquee players will wear their wealth well.
"It's not like they're turning up in Lamborghinis ... They're humble guys, they understand the situations themselves," they said. "It's life, it's the way it is.
"A lot of companies it's the same. The CEOs don't get paid the same as middle managers or workers."
Story continues below advertisement
Nelsen, 36, made the most of their playing days. They always moved on free transfers, something that would undoubtedly have resulted in a beefed-up salary as teams looked to sweeten the deal to get him.
They own real estate around the world, from New Zealand to England.
And for those players on modest salaries, life is still good in MLS. They train around breakfast and lunch provided for them in a well-appointed cafeteria. A well-stocked gym is nearby. The dress code is very relaxed and beating rush hour home is not usually a problem.
And yet MLS remains a league that counts its pennies.
Veteran Toronto FC players are prized for more than their loyalty. Their status on Air Canada means the team does not have to pay for their baggage on road trips.
Bitcoin investor Cameron Winklevoss — one half of the twins reported to have just become the world's first bitcoin billionaires — says the skyrocketing cryptocurrency is primed to head higher.
Winklevoss and their brother Tyler famously settled with Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg in 2008 over the claim that they stole the idea for the social network. But it's what the brothers have done in the cryptocurrency realm that has been making headlines of late — and they don't think it's run its course.
"We've always felt that bitcoin, given its properties, is gold 2.0 — it disrupts gold. Gold is scarce, bitcoin is actually fixed. Bitcoin is way more portable and way more divisible. At a $300 billion market cap, it's certainly seen a lot of price appreciation, but gold is at $6 trillion and if bitcoin disrupting gold is true and it plays out ... then you can see 10 to 20 times appreciation because there is a significant delta still," Cameron Winklevoss told CNBC on Friday.
"Long term, directionally, it is a multitrillion-dollar asset — I don't know how long it takes to get there," they added.
While the bitcoin investor predicted success ahead, many financial luminaries have told CNBC they believe the cryptocurrency is a bubble of historical proportions. But Winklevoss, for their part, disputed that characterization.
"We've seen the bubble term thrown around and it's just not the right way to look at this," they said. "Social networks grow in value exponentially based on the number of users and participants. The difference between one and 100 is dramatic — 100 and a million is that much more dramatic and exciting. As more people join it gains more value."
And even though some of those people getting involved with the platform may not understand the advanced technology behind it, Winklevoss said he's not worried, explaining that "most people don't know how the internet works but they are comfortable using it."
The investor declined to say just how many bitcoin they have, but said he's "directionally long" on the most popular cryptocurrency and also invested in rivals ether and filecoin.
While some analysts have cautioned that the sheer number of different crypto assets could dilute the gains of the ecosystem, Winklevoss told CNBC they didn't share those concerns.
"Bitcoin is not competing with those other currencies. It is competing with gold. Bitcoin is the oldest, it has the first mover advantage and there's tremendous liquidity," they said, adding that the problem ether is trying to solve is different than bitcoin's payment application. "I think it's great if there are a number of cryptos."
Looking ahead, the next major catalyst for bitcoin will be the CBOE bitcoin futures contract, which uses the Gemini cryptocurrency exchange co-founded by the Winklevoss twins.
"We are the price mechanism for the contracts when they settle," Winklevoss said.
Some experts say the CBOE and CME futures launch over the coming two weeks will help pave the way for bitcoin ETFs. In March, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission rejected the Winklevoss ETF, which the twins have been working to get on the market.
"We think derivatives set the stage for other products and is the next logical evolution of this market," Winklevoss said.
The SEC is said to be reviewing bitcoin ETFs, but a decision is not anticipated this year.
In general, regulators have been paying more attention to the cryptocurrency market, and Winklevoss said more oversight is actually a good thing.
"When Silk Road got busted, the price of bitcoin appreciated considerably and transaction volume did not decrease. In fact the number of transactions on blockchain only increased from that point forward. So this idea that bitcoin is powered by dark market or money launderers is simply false."
It would be great to know more about everything, but if you ask just these five questions of enough people, you can learn an awful lot about marriage and divorce.
Questions
First the questions, then some data. These are the question wordings from the 2013 American Community Survey (ACS).
1. What is Person X's age?
We'll just take the people who are ages 15 to 59, but that's optional.
2. What is this person's marital status?
Surprisingly, we don't want to know if they're divorced, just if they're currently married (I include people are are separated and those who live apart from their spouses for other reasons). This is the denominator in your basic “refined divorce rate,” or divorces per 1000 married people.
3. In the past 12 months, did this person get divorced?
The number of people who got divorced in the last year is the numerator in your refined divorce rate. According to the ACS in 2013 (using population weights to scale the estimates up to the whole population), there were 127,571,069 married people, and 2,268,373 of them got divorced, so the refined divorce rate was 17.8 per 1,000 married people. When I analyze who got divorced, I'm going to mix all the currently-married and just-divorced people together, and then treat the divorces as an event, asking, who just got divorced?
4. In what year did this person last get married?
This is crucial for estimating divorce rates according to marriage duration. When you subtract this from the current year, that's how long they are (or were) married. When you subtract the marriage duration from age, you get the age at marriage. (For example, a person who is 40 years old in 2013, who last got married in 2003, has a marriage duration of 10 years, and an age at marriage of 30.)
5. How many times has this person been married?
I use this to narrow our analysis down to women in their first marriages, which is a conventional way of simplifying the analysis, but that's optional.
Data
I restrict the analysis below to women, which is just a sexist convention for simplifying things (since men and women do things at different ages).*
So here are the 375,249 women in the 2013 ACS public use file, ages 16-59, who were in their first marriages, or just divorced from their first marriages, by their age at marriage and marriage duration. Add the two numbers together and you get their current age. The colors let you see the basic distribution (click to enlarge):
The most populous cell on the table is 28-year-olds who got married three years ago, at age 25, with 1068 people. The least populous is 19-year-olds who got married at 15 (just 14 of them). The diagonal edge reflects my arbitrary cutoff at age 59.
Divorce results
Now, in each of these cells there are married people, and (in most of them) people who just got divorced. The ratio between those two frequencies is a divorce rate — one specific to the age at marriage and marriage duration. To make the next figure I used three years of ACS data (2011-2013) so the results would be smoother. (And then I smoothed it more by replacing each cell with an average of itself and the adjoining cells.) These are the divorce rates by age at marriage and years married (click to enlarge):
The overall pattern here is more green, or lower divorce rates, to the right (longer duration of marriage) and down (older age at marriage). So the big red patch is the first 12 years for marriages begun before the woman was age 25. And after about 25 years of marriage it's pretty much green, for low divorce rates. The high contrast at the bottom left implies an interesting high risk but steep decline in the first few years after marriage for these late marriages. This matrix adds nuance to the pattern I reported the other day, which featured a little bump up in divorce odds for people who married in their late thirties. From this figure it looks like marriages that start after the woman is about 35 might have less of a honeymoon period than those beginning about age 24-33.
To learn more, I go beyond those five great questions, and use a regression model (same as the other day), with a (collapsed) marriage-age–by–marriage-duration matrix. So these are predicted divorce rates per 1000, holding education, race/ethnicity, and nativity constant (click to enlarge)**:
The controls cut down the late-thirties bump and isolate it mostly to the first year. This also shows that the punishing first year is an issue for all ages over 35. The late thirties just showed the bump because that group doesn't have the big drop in divorce after the first year that the later years do. Interesting!
Sigh
Here's where the awesome data let us down. This data is very powerful. It's the best contemporary big data set we have for analyzing divorce. It has taken us this far, but it can't explain a pattern like this.
We can control for education, but that's just the education level at the time of the most recent survey. We can't know when they got their education relative to the dates of their marriage. Further, from the ACS we can't tell how many children a person has had, with whom, and when — we only know about children who happen to be living in the household in 2013, so a 50-year-old could be childfree or have raised and released four kids already. And about couples, although we can say things about the other spouse from looking around in the household (such as their age, race, and income), if someone has divorced the spouse is gone and there is no information about that person (even their sex). So we can't use that information to build a model of divorce predictors.
Here's an example of what we can only hint at. Remarriages are more likely to end in divorce, for a variety of reasons, which is why we simplify these things by only looking at first marriages. But what about the spouse? Some of these women are married to men who've been married before. I can't how much that contributes to their likelihood of divorce, but it almost certainly does. Think about the bump up in the divorce rate for women who got married in their late thirties. On the way from high divorce rates for women who marry early to low rates for women who marry late, the overall downward slope reflects increasing maturity and independence for women, but it's running against the pressure of their increasingly complicated relationship situations. That late-thirties bump may have to do with the likelihood that their husbands have been married before. Here's the circumstantial evidence:
See that big jump from early-thirties to late-thirties? All of a sudden 37.5% of women marrying in their late-thirties are marrying men who are remarrying. That's a substantial risk factor for divorce, and one I can't account for in my analysis (because we don't have spouse information for divorced women).
On method
Divorce is complicated and inherently longitudinal. Marriages arise out of specific contexts and thrive or decay in many different ways. Yesterday's crucial influence may disappear today. So how can we say anything about divorce using a single, cross-sectional survey sample? The unsatisfying answer is that all analysis is partial. But these five questions give us a lot to go on, because knowing when a person got married allows us to develop a multidimensional image of the events, as I've demonstrated here.
But, you ask, what can we learn from, say, the divorce propensity of today's 40-year-olds when we know that just last year a whole bunch of 39-year-olds divorced, skewing today's sample? This is a real issue. And demography provides an answer that is at once partial and powerful: Simple, we use today's 39-year-olds, too. In the purest form, this approach gives us the life table, in which one year's mortality rates — at every age — lead to a projection of life expectancy. Another common application is the total fertility rate (watch the video!), which sums birth rates by age to project total births for a generation. In this case I have not produced a complete divorce life table (which I promised a while ago — it's coming). But the approach is similar.
These are all synthetic cohort approaches (described nicely in the Week 6 lecture slides from this excellent Steven Ruggles course). In this case, the cohorts are age-at-marriage groups. Look at the table above and follow the row for, say, marriages that started at age 28, to see that synthetic cohort's divorce experience from marriage until age 59. It's neither a perfect depiction of the past, nor a foolproof prediction of the future. Rather, it tells us what's happening now in cohort terms that are readily interpretable.
Conclusion
The ACS is the best thing we have for understanding the basic contours of divorce trends and patterns. Those five questions are invaluable.
* For this I also tossed the people who were reported to have married in the current year, because I wasn't sure about the timing of their marriages and divorces, but I put them back in for the regressions.
** The codebook for my IPUMS data extraction is here, my Stata code is here. The heat-map model here isn't in that code file, but this these are the commands (and the margins command took a very long time, so please don't tell me there's something wrong with it):
logistic divorce i.agemarc#i.mardurc i.degree i.race i.hispan i.citizen
margins i.agemarc#i.mardurc
Nearly two-thirds of Scots in favour of independence but support dependent on whether it would improve prosperity
Support for Scottish independence has hit the highest level since Alex Salmond won office over four years ago, but a larger number of Scots favour more power within the UK, a study has found.
The Scottish social attitudes survey, regarded as one of the most authoritative tests of public opinion, has identified a marked shift in support towards greatly increasing Scotland's powers on a range of questions in the past year.
But it also shows that public support for independence is heavily dependent on whether it would improve prosperity and economic success, suggesting that for much Scots independence is not based on a principled belief in national sovereignty for its own sake.
Published on Monday, the annual study by the Scottish Centre for Social Research found that nearly a third, 32%, of Scots supported independence this year compared with just 23% last year – a rise likely to be closely linked to Salmond's landslide victory in May's elections for the devolved parliament.
That is the highest figure since Salmond and the Scottish National party narrowly won power at the 2007 elections to Holyrood but it remains lower than the highest figure the social attitudes survey has found so far of 35% in 2005.
Asked whether they would support independence if everyone was £500 better off, 29% said they were "strongly in favour" and 36% said they would be "in favour".
But in one of the most significant findings, the survey has confirmed that the major battle ground for reformists is in increasing the Scottish parliament's powers while remaining in the UK, a move slowly winning political support.
Salmond has confirmed they would like the independence referendum, due to be held in 2014 or 2015, to have a second question on whether to increase devolution but only if another party or non-party based campaign can lead and fund that campaign.
The study found 58% of Scots wanted to keep Holyrood and Westminster, sharing power and responsibility, a figure which is again close to previous studies. A third of those backing independence also want Scotland to leave the European Union.
But more detailed questioning confirmed a shift towards much greater powers for Holyrood: 43% preferred Holyrood to have greater autonomy within the UK, an agenda being heavily influenced by Salmond's demands for Holyrood to immediately gain control over corporation tax, the Crown Estates, borrowing and excise duties.
Further questioning found that 29% of Scots believe Holyrood should control every aspect of Scotland's domestic affairs, including all areas of taxation, and just leave defence and foreign affairs to Westminster, a position often known as "devolution max", or "devo max".
Only 21% support the current devolution settlement, under which Westminster controls welfare, social security, the overall taxation system, defence, foreign affairs and European affairs.
But more worryingly for Salmond and the SNP, given the euro crisis and the global recession, the state of the economy has emerged as a very significant influence on attitudes.
John Curtice, the voting expert who led the survey, said: "The appetite for a more powerful parliament, including independence, has grown in the last 12 months. However, support for independence is still no higher than it has been on previous occasions since the advent of devolution.
"If the SNP are to persuade a majority of Scots to back independence they will need to convince them of the economic case for leaving the union – and that is a debate that is still to be won or lost."
Although 34% of the 1,197 people questioned said Scotland's economy would be "a lot/a little" better, outweighing the 29% who said it would get worse, 46% said they would be "very/quite worried" about an independent Scotland's future.
The number of people who said they would support independence more than halved, dropping from 47% to 21%, if the economy would get worse as a result and leave Scots £500 a year worse off. Although Scots nationalists argue that taking control of North Sea oil would boost the economy, many economists believe the industry is too volatile to underpin government spending.
The findings will be very closely studied by the pro-UK parties and pro-devolution campaigners.
The survey boosts the position taken by the thinktank Reform Scotland, which has published a less radical proposal known as "devo plus" to give Holyrood control over 64% of its tax revenues and welfare policy. It would support a two-question referendum and is the body most likely to become involved in a second question campaign.
However, the findings will be a further challenge to the pro-UK parties. The official position of the Tories and Liberal Democrats is to resist any pressure for extra powers until new measures under the Scotland bill, chiefly to give Holyrood control over basic income tax rates, come into force.
This month, Douglas Alexander, the shadow foreign secretary and the most influential Scot in the Labour shadow cabinet, said Labour needed to draft policies to strengthen Holyrood's powers, in a marked shift in party policy.
The Scottish Liberal Democrats have launched a commission on "home rule" under the former party leader Menzies Campbell, while several senior ex-Labour ministers, including Henry McLeish and Malcolm Chisholm, have openly backed "devo plus".
• This article was amended on 14 December 2011. The original sub-heading said: Nearly a third of Scots in favour of increasing Scotland's powers but support dependent on whether it would improve prosperity.
Family Looks For Answers After Dog Shot And Killed
A Cantonment family has spent over a month looking for answers as to why someone would shoot and kill their dog in their neighborhood.
“On the morning of August 22, my wife and I were notified by Escambia County Animal Control of a horrendous and cruel crime that had been committed against our beloved dog, Maxx,” Ken Williams of the 1500 block of Muscogee Road said. “Maxx was shot five times in their back. They did not die instantly. They suffered as they bled to death.”
According to an Escambia County Animal Control report, it appeared that Maxx had been shot and killed on a porch belonging to Williams' neighbor. Photos show the dog dead on the porch in pool of blood, but the photos are too graphic for this story.
The wife of the person that reported the dead dog to Animal Control told officers that they did not know anything about the shooting, and officers were unable to locate any witnesses to the shooting.
Maxx, an American bulldog/lab mix, was shot five times in the back, according to the Animal Control report. They had been contained in the Williams' yard, but had apparently escaped during the night.
Anyone with information on the dog's shooting death is asked to call Escambia County Animal Control Officer Nowlin at (850) 554-0964 or the Escambia County Animal Control office at (850) 595-0097.
” Maxx was a sweet, gentle dog that wouldn't hurt a fly. Please help us bring justice for Maxx,” Williams said.
Submitted photo for NorthEscambia.com, click to enlarge.
Mother-of-two Lesley Poole, 38, rammed into Mandy Cordingley, who was left clinging on to the bonnet, at a set of traffic lights
A mother-of-two who deliberately drove into a multiple sclerosis sufferer after a minor traffic shunt while shouting 'It's people like you who put in false claims' has avoided prison.
Lesley Poole, 38, rammed into Mandy Cordingley, who was left clinging on to the bonnet, at a set of traffic lights in Oldham last December.
Poole, who was driving a Vauxhall Corsa, bumped into the back of Miss Cordingley's Motability Citroen car at a set of traffic lights.
They both got out of their cars, but senior healthcare assistant Ms Cordingley, 53, was forced to call the police after Poole flew into a rage.
Poole, a former rail worker from Manchester, revved their vehicle's engine and drove into the victim as they held on to the bonnet.
They then swerved towards Ms Cordingley, who is also a mother of two, for a second time before driving away.
In a 999 call made to police by a witness, Ms Cordingley was heard shouting: 'She's trying to run me over in the middle of the road. She's actually trying to run me over.
'She's going to try and run me over again but I'm not moving. She's just hit my bloody arm now, my arm is killing me.
'She drove the car and purposely hit me, they did it about five times and on the sixth they hit me. I was trying to stop them on the road.'
Ms Cordingley was taken to North Manchester General Hospital complaining of pain to the neck, lower back and left hip and some numbness to their right forearm.
X-rays and CT scans discovered that they had fractured a vertebra of their spine. They had to wear a brace to protect their spine and was forced to take four months off work as they recovered.
At Manchester Crown Court, Poole was found guilty of causing serious injury by dangerous driving but was given a 15 months suspended jail term and a three year driving ban - after they sobbed in court and claimed they had 'genuine remorse'.
Ms Cordingley was taken to North Manchester General Hospital complaining of pain to the neck, lower back and left hip and some numbness to their right forearm
They have been given an interim driving ban and has been bailed for sentencing at crown court.
After the case, Ms Cordingley said: 'I had only got out of my car to get their details but they revved the engine and I hung on to the bonnet because I was terrified.
'I thought if I let go I was going to go under, I was holding on for my life. I remember thinking "I can't die".
'She was revving the engine and smirking, that's what keeps coming to me at night. They were trying to run me over. They were so crazy. I thought I was going to die.
'I cant sleep ever since it happened. All I can hear is the revving of the engine.'
The court heard that the minor crash caused little or no damage but trouble began when Ms Cordingley rang the police to say the other driver was getting angry.
After the case Ms Cordingley (pictured) said: 'I'm shocked she's gone free because I thought they would go to jail'
Ms Cordingley told the hearing: 'After the initial collision, they were stood at the back of my car and they said, "Are you OK?"
'I told them I wasn't and that I was in a lot of pain. I went back in my car because they got abusive and I was scared. They were accusing me of making something up, I was on my own and they had a man there with them
'The police told me to get the drivers details and I got out of my car and was walking to their car. Before I got chance to go to their car they started driving. They reversed back enough to have me literally running backwards.
'She was revving their engine, they were going to run me over. When they started revving their engine and driving, I held on to the bonnet for my life. I didn't want to go underneath the car, that's why. I was scared of letting go of their bonnet and them going over me.
'I was holding the bonnet for dear life. If your life depends on it you will run, crawl, whatever you have to do it doesn't matter whether you have a disability or not.'
A witness tried to take Poole's car keys away from them but they seized them back.
Ms Cordingley continued: 'She started driving again and I'm in the middle of the road and they came straight at me. They were 100 per cent deliberately trying to come at me.
'I tried to get off the road and they drove towards me. I turned around and saw the car and I put my arm up to try and stop the car as daft as that might seem, it was just a reaction.'
Passing motorist Lisa Collinge said they saw the Vauxhall 'swerve left and hit someone and then pull off right''. They stopped to help the victim.
'I remember seeing the car turn in to Mandy and then go to opposite way,' they said.
'I didn't see whether the car hit Mandy causing them to fall over but when I looked over they were crouched on the floor.
'She got to the central reservation and I think they sat down. They were complaining of pain in their arm, I sat with them until their daughters arrived.
'When the car swerved to them it was going to hit her, it was quite clear it had gone one way and then turned the other. It was quite clear they were trying to drive into them They said their arm was hurting and then their back and their leg.'
Poole, who was with their partner at the time, denied wrongdoing and described the road shunt as a 'kiss.'
They told the court they had driven away after fearing they were about to assaulted by a man who intervened.
'The lady said "Yes I'm fine, don't worry about it, it's fine", Poole said. 'But as soon as I told them there was no damage to their car or my car, they said "Oh I've got a pain in my back, I need an ambulance'".
A suspended sentence is a kick in the teeth. I genuinely thought that was it that night and yet what she's got is a slap on the wrist - Ms Cordingley
'I was angry, I'll be honest. I was very upset, I went to my car to get my phone, I thought "There's nothing I can do here, she's going to do what she's going to do".
'She was on the bonnet of my car, screaming like a banshee: "You're going no f***** where."'
Passing sentence, the judge Mr Recorder Mukhtar Hussain QC told Poole: 'This was undoubtedly dreadful behaviour on your part but I have read carefully your letter in which you express your remorse in relation to what happened to the victim in this case. Given these circumstances I am going to take a risk with you.'
Poole will have to abide by a 9.30pm to 7am curfew for six months and pay a £100 victim surcharge.
After the case Ms Cordingley said: 'I'm shocked she's gone free because I thought they would go to jail. They will be laughing and thinking this all funny - and will probably do it again now.
'A suspended sentence is a kick in the teeth. I genuinely thought that was it that night and yet what she's got is a slap on the wrist. I had only got out of my car to get their details but they revved the engine and I hung on to the bonnet because I was terrified.
'I thought if I let go I was going to go under, I was holding on for my life. I remember thinking ‘I can't die'.
'She was revving the engine and smirking, that's what keeps coming to me at night. They were trying to run me over. They were so crazy. I thought I was going to die.
The B-23 "Dragon Bomber"
Crash Site and Wreck From the Payette National Forest Thanks to Dustyn Putzier for the pictures
After waiting five days for rescue, the crew selected three men to go for help. On February 3rd, the three left Loon Lake with a shotgun and chocolate rations. They followed the Secesh River downstream. Then, hiking over Lick Creek Summit, elevation 6,700', they reached the Lake Fork Guard Station. Once inside, an exhausted crew member picked up the telephone and spoke to the operator in McCall. The three men had hiked for fourteen days and approximately 42 miles through waist deep snow.
The B-23, "Dragon Bomber", a 1939 twin engine aircraft, was developed from the Douglas B-18 and the DC-3. It was the first United States airplane equipped with tail gunners. Only 28 B-23's were manufactured. Most were assigned to the 34th Bomb Squadron at McChord Field in Washington state. By the time of the bombing on Pearl Harbor on December 7, 1941, more advanced aircraft such as the B-17 and B-24 made the B-23 obsolete. It never saw combat use. B-23's were used instead for training purposes.
The wreckage is on the south side of Loon Lake, approximately 150 feet into the trees.
You can return the way you came or you may follow trail #081 back north to Chinook Campground. The Secesh River may be high during late spring or early summer. Use caution when crossing the River.
Written by Ned Pence August 11, 2014, Retired District Ranger, Payette National Forest.
Great addition to the original story...
The B23 crash at Loon Lake is a fascinating story. When I was District Ranger at Krassel, I talked to John Wick who was the first District Ranger at Krassel after the former station at Poverty Flat had been moved to Krassel and the DFR house had been constructed by the CCC. They told me the story of how the Forest Service was involved. The search had first been centered in Oregon because that was the last reported position of the B23. The folks at the Willey Ranch reported that they had heard a plane fly over. The bush pilot had delivered mail to the mining camp at Warren and thought about where they would land if they were in trouble and decided to check out Loon Lake. They saw the SOS they had stomped in the snow and landed. When they found out that three men had walked down the Secesh River a snow shoe search was started by the Rangers. One of the men had read a story about the Salmon River and knew that it was called the "River of no Return". When they got to the Lick Creek Road there was a sign that pointed to South Fork of the Salmon River and McCall. They decided the River of no Return would not be where they should go and that McCall was where they should go. A hike to the Willey Ranch, Krassel, or Yellow Pine would have been much easier. Ground line telephones were available at all three locations. Their hike over Lick Creel in what would have been close to ten feet of snow is hard to believe. Wick said that the Rangers felt they must be looking for bodies when they found them at the Lake Fork Guard Station. They said that one man had not made it to the Station and they found them in very bad shape huddled under a Ponderosa Pine.
The bush pilot said they would fly men out but would not risk their lives to fly airplane parts out. The army demanded that the machine guns, bomb sight and early radar must be retrieved immediately. That task fell to the Forest Service Rangers and a mechanic furnished by the army. Wick said that they set up camp at the crash site and proceeded to retrieve parts the army wanted. They said it was so cold that eggs froze by the stove in their tent. Parts were retrieved to McCall by dog teams and toboggans where the army got them.
And even more...
The Real Story of the Loon Lake Bomber by Richard H. Holm Jr.
(Everett Collection/Dreamstime)
Let's be fluid about it.
According to one social-justice blogger, “gender can change from moment to moment” because it's “more like a performance” than anything else.
In a piece for Everyday Feminism titled “3 Reasons It's Totally Valid to Have More Than One Gender Identity,” Suzannah Weiss explains that they identify “as both non-binary and as a woman.”
Advertisement
Advertisement
“Some people feel strongly that they have a fixed gender, but my gender feels more like a performance,” they write.
“When I do my nails, for example, I'm performing a certain American version of femininity,” they continue. “When I'm playing sports, I'm performing a particular version of masculinity (though these things aren't inherently feminine or masculine).”
First of all, I know plenty of men who paint their nails and women who play sports who do not go through an entire gender change just because they're performing these activities. But Weiss says that for her, it's different — and that that's something that many people in their life have a hard time understanding.
Advertisement
When she's around these people — the people who they believe won't understand their non-binary identity — Weiss says they decide to just simply “perform womanhood around them,” and the fact that she's performing womanhood around them means that they are a woman around them, seeing as for her, it's all about the performance.
“So, when I'm with people who know me as a woman, for me, they're not misgendering me,” they write. “I'm a woman with them.”
Advertisement
#related#Seems simple enough, right? Well, not entirely . . . especially when it comes to pronouns.
“Even people with good intentions will ask what pronoun – singular – they should refer to me as, encouraging the idea that I have to pick one,” they write.
Ugh. People are so ignorant! Don't they know they should be asking: “Which pronouns would you like to use right now?” followed by “Should I ask you again in a few minutes whether or not you still prefer these pronouns, or would you prefer to just let me know if and when they change?” like normal people do in conversation? Show some respect, guys. It's 2016.
Advertisement
– Katherine Timpf is a reporter for National Review Online.
A new drone with the mammoth wingspan of a Boeing 757 is set to give the U.S. Navy some serious surveillance power.
Northrop Grumman and the Navy say they've just completed the ninth flight trial of the Triton unmanned aircraft system (UAS), an improvement upon its predecessor in the Air Force, the Global Hawk.
With its 130-foot wingspan, Triton will provide high-altitude, real-time intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance (ISR) from a sensor suite that supplies a 360-degree view at a radius of over 2,000 nautical miles, allowing monitoring from higher and farther away than any of its competitors.
But should a closer look be necessary, unique de-icing and lightning protection capabilities allow Triton to plunge through the clouds to get a closer view and automatically classify ships. And in recent tests, the drone was able to easily recover from perturbations in its flight path caused by turbulence.
Although Triton has a higher degree of autonomy than the most autonomous drones, operators on the ground will be able to obtain high-resolution imagery, use radar for target detection and provide information-sharing capabilities to other military units.
Thus far, Triton has completed flights up to 9.4 hours at altitudes of 50,000 feet at the company's manufacturing facility in Palmdale, California. According to Northrop Grumman, Triton could support missions up to 24 hours.
Northrop Grumman reported earlier that Triton had demonstrated structural strength of the drone's wing — a key capability that will allow the aircraft to descend from high altitudes to make positive identification of targets during surveillance missions — even when it was subjected to a load at 22 percent above the Navy's requirement.
"During surveillance missions using Triton, Navy operators may spot a target of interest and order the aircraft to a lower altitude to make positive identification," said Mike Mackey, Northrop Gumman's Triton UAS program director, in a statement. "The wing's strength allows the aircraft to safely descend, sometimes through weather patterns, to complete this maneuver."
Under an initial contract of $1.16 billion in 2008, the Navy has ordered 68 of the MQ-4C Triton drones with expected delivery in 2017 — a slip from the initial anticipated date of December 2015.
Chris Pratt is awesome. He's currently out promoting their leading role in the latest Marvel superhero flick Guardians Of The Galaxy, which is amazing! When he's not kicking-ass as Star-Lord, they enjoy watching their favorite team, Super Bowl champions, The Seattle Seahawks.
While hanging out with The Morning Mash Up on SiriusXM Hits 1, co-host Rich Davis asked Chris about doing something every fan would want to do: raise the 12th man flag.
For those not in-the-know, the ‘Hawks refer to their fans as the “12th man” because they're so important to the team, they're practically another player. At each of the home games, a very special person raises a flag with the number “12” on it. It's a super-fan moment.
Back to Chris Pratt — he's a super-fan and a movie star. Their home team should let them raise the flag. Listen below:
Aww! Chris is such a nice guy they honestly never thought of themselves as eligible to raise the flag. There's now small campaign to get the Seattle Seahawks to respond and let Chris raise the flag. #12thManPratt
They totally deserve it and we hope they get to do it this coming season.
Salt Lake's bicycle network is expanding and starting this week the city's Transportation Division will be offering tours of the proposed addition while gathering feedback from residents. The city plans to expand the bicycle transit connections to the University of Utah through the University to Downtown Bikeway Project.
The bikeway project would add a low-stress bikeway that the city is incorporating into the current route that runs on 200 South. The proposed low-stress bikeway would start at the end of the cycle track (protected bike lane) on 300 South at 600 East. The new bikeway will deviate from the concrete barrier design at 600 East and continue on 300 South until 1100 East where it will veer left to continue up to 400 South to University Street.
Instead of replicating the concrete barriers on 300 South that separate car and bicycle traffic, the city proposes instead using a mix a traditional bike lane and shared road bike lane that using paint to bike routes. The new bikeways will separate parked cars from moving traffic instead of the current model on 300 South where parked cars separate bike and car traffic.
According to city documents, the proposed bikeway would only require lane reductions for 20 percent of the route, the portion of 300 South from 600 East to 900 East. The city will reduce the four lanes on that three block section to three lanes, with one way of traffic each direction with a middle turning lane. The bike lane will separate parked cars from moving traffic.
The city plans to add wayfinding signs along 200 South and on 400 South between 1300 East and University Street, while leaving those stretches of bikeways unchanged.
City leaders will lead a guided bicycle tour of the proposed new bikeway on June 29 at 6 p.m. at the intersection on 300 South and 600 East. The city will hold in-person information and feedback gathering sessions at various intersections along the proposed route at 6 p.m. on June 23 (at the south median at 300 S and 800 E), 27 (at 1200 South median at Bueno Avenue) and 28 (at the northwest corner of 300 S and 1300 E).
The city will release a final design for the bikeways in July and with construction expected to start in August.
Residents may also provide feedback online by following the link here.
My React List
Dan Abramov Blocked Unblock Follow Mar 31, 2015
Update (2017): When I first wrote this more than two years ago, the React community was still fairly small. I have created a new list that reflects some of the current active community members as of 2017 here:
That's quite a bit more people, but I hope you find it useful too!
When I just started playing with React and got into open source, I didn't know the community at all. I didn't know who these people are, where to find them, what they care about, and how to get in touch.
It took me some time to realize that the tech community, aside from Github, is mostly on Twitter. It's obvious to you if you're part of it, but it wasn't obvious to me back then. That's why I decided to compile a list of people I think you should follow if you're starting to use React.
If you're a beginner, this list should help you get a feel of the React community vibe, tools and libraries and their authors, and future directions.
I didn't make it a Twitter list so you don't end up with a bunch of randos in your feed, and so I could add some comments. If you turn this into a Twitter list, let me know! (Update: William Leong created a Twitter list based on this article!)
Disclaimer
This is obviously very subjective. It's not “React people” list. It's “people I think React beginner should follow”. Some of them don't even use React. Please don't be mad if I forgot you. ;-)
So, I Think You Should Follow…
Sebastian Markbåge
@sebmarkbage
Sebastian is the long-term vision guy and the source for most “future of React” teasers. He's on TC39 so they get to decide the future of JavaScript.  They are calm like Yoda. A must-follow.
David Nolen
@swannodette
David realized React is a platform before anyone else. Their article on the future of MVC frameworks was a turning point which got many people to take React seriously. David writes in ClojureScript.
Cheng Lou
@_chenglou
Cheng is a prolific author of long-ass gists.  They are also a core contributor figuring out the next animation API. Unlike David, Cheng doesn't hate JavaScript, so they steal good ideas from ClojureScript.
Andy Matuschak
@andy_matuschak
Told you this wasn't exactly a React list! Andy worked on UIKit for a long time. A wise, “fundamentals” type of guy.
Christopher Chedeau
@vjeux
Chris is a core contributor currently working on React Native.  They are more cheerful and relaxed than the folks above. Tweet at them if you built something cool with React!
Jordan Walke
@jordwalke
Jordan wrote the first prototypes of React and has been a core contributor ever since.  They are now working on React Native. OCaml aficionado.
Lee Byron
@leeb
Famous for ImmutableJS, Lee worked on a variety of React projects inside Facebook, including the soon-to-be-released Relay and GraphQL. You'll recognize them by the bow-tie.
Paul O'Shannessy
@zpao
Paul maintains React. Nuff said.
Pete Hunt
@floydophone
Pete is famous for being a very active core contributor as well as the public face of React for quite some time. Ex-Instagram and Facebook, now doing their own thing.
Amjad Masad
@amasad
Amjad works on infrastructure and tooling at Facebook. And it looks like exciting things are going to open up soon.
James Long
@jlongster
James loves to learn new stuff and then educate people about it. He's a very thoughtful blogger. Removing UI Complexity is yet another epic post that drove adoption of React.
Sebastian McKenzie
@sebmck
Sebastian created Babel, a future-today JavaScript transpiler. He's a living example of exceptionally great open source project flight attendantship. Don't confuse them with Sebastian Markbåge!
Jing Chen
@jingc
Jing is solving the data fetching, first with Flux and now with Relay.
Bill Fisher
@fisherwebdev
Bill knows everything about Flux. Like Jing, they work at Facebook.
Ryan Florence and Michael Jackson
@ryanflorence and @mjackson
Ryan and Michael are famous for being awesome teachers, great presenters and creating React Router, probably the most popular React library ever. These guys often appear together so you should just follow both.
Mark Dalgleish
@markdalgleish
Mark's State of Change presentation included this gem: “Is Object.observe what we want rather than what we need?” These days Mark experiments a lot with progressive JavaScript applications that are rendered server-first.
Ralph Thomas
@i_am_ralpht
Ralph's feed is a goldmine of insights about animations, interactive UI and physics. You should see (and interact with) their Constraints demo if you haven't already.
Ben Alpert
@soprano
Ben is the most active React contributor outside of Facebook. This is why they are not outside anymore.
Kyle Mathews
@kylemathews
Kyle created many small React components, as well as more ambitious projects such as Typography.js. You'll want to keep track of their work.
Bonnie Eisenman
@brindelle
Bonnie writes about using React at Codecademy.
Justin Spahr-Summers and Josh Abernathy
@jspahrsummers and @joshaber
Justin and Josh are core contributors to ReactiveCocoa and related projects. They love functional, declarative, reactive. Mostly using Swift.
Kevin Doughty
@KvnDy
Kevin advocated additive animations for a few years before they came in vogue. You should totally read their blog for more thoughts on animation.
Matthew Podwysocki
@mattpodwysocki
Matt is the person behind RxJS. They know everything about Observables. They wear a robe and a wizard hat.
Yehuda Katz and Tom Dale
@wycats and @tomdale
Yehuda and Tom are Ember core team members. I'd say Yehuda is to Ember as Markbåge is to React. Yehuda is also on TC39. Their and Tom's current project is to bring faster-than-React rendering to Ember. It's always fun to watch Tom troll React people, don't get offended!
Tara Jane Feener
@tfeener
Tara is a designery engineer at FiftyThree.
Andrew Clark
@acdlite
Andrew created Flummox, an elegant Flux framework inspired by Alt.
Spike Brehm
@spikebrehm
Spike is an Airbnb engineer working on Airpal, a React query monitor app they recently open sourced.
Josh Perez
@goatslacker
Josh created Alt, a Flux framework. Also working at Airbnb.
Brian Ford
@briantford
Brian is from the Angular core team. You want to know what's going on there!
Vyacheslav Egorov
@mraleph
Vyacheslav is a compiler engineer and it's good to have them in the Twitter feed so you don't forget how deep the rabbit hole goes. I love their pictures and interactive demos.
Nathan Wienert
@natebirdman
Nathan created Reapp, an open source React hybrid app toolkit.
Tom Occhino
@tomocchino
Tom is a developer-gone-manager at Facebook. I'm not sure what they do exactly but they seem in charge of React-related projects. He'll hunt you down.
Joseph Savona, Dan Schafer and Nick Schrock
@en_JS, @dlschafer and @schrockn
Joseph, Dan and Nick are Facebook engineers working on Relay and GraphQL. Follow them or you'll miss its release!
Aria Buckles
@ariabuckles
Aria built many React components at Khan Academy as they worked on Perseus and will talk about best practices and challenges at ReactEurope.
Kevin Robinson
@krob
Kevin is a Twitter engineer. He's going to give a talk at ReactEurope about simplifying the data layer by collecting immutable facts.
Matt DesLauriers
@mattdesl
Matt writes tips about using WebGL libraries with live reloading tools, glslify, and Browserify.
Jafar Husain
@jhusain
Jafar is an engineer at Netflix and yet another member of TC39.  They are currently working on proposals for ES7 such as compositional functions and push generators. They also teach async JS patterns at Egghead and Frontend Masters. Keep track of their work!
Torgeir Thoresen and Mikael Brevik
@torgeir and @mikaelbrevik
Torgeir and Mikael built Omniscient and Immstruct, JavaScript libraries inspired by David Nolen's Om. If you want to understand Om better without learning ClojureScript, following them is a great first step!
Sander Spies
@Sander_Spies
Sander created React Style, a React Native-like way to write component stylesheets. React Style also had valuable contributions from Andrey Popp.
André Staltz
@andrestaltz
André created Cycle, an “honestly reactive framework”. It uses Observables for everything, from data to virtual DOM. Make sure to read their blog post that led to creation of Cycle.
Rick Wong
@Rygu
Rick created react-transmit and react-isomorphic-starterkit.
Christian Alfoni
@christianalfoni
One of Christian's projects brings Flux to Angular.  They are also working on a forms library called formsy-react.
Matt Esch
@matthewesch
Unsatisfied with React being monolithic from the outside, Matt created virtual-dom to provide “just virtual DOM” implementation for other view libraries.
Jake Verbaten
@Raynos
Jake built Mercury, a library similar to React but composed out of small independent packages.
Jonny Buchanan
@jbscript
Jonny created newforms, an isomorphic form handling library for React, as well as other smaller components.
Elie Rotenberg
@elierotenberg
Elie works on systems with millions of users and applies principles of Flux in a distributed fashion. Make sure to read their Flux over the Wire.
François de Campredon
@Fdecampredon
François created rx-flux and rx-react and tries to bridge and combine Rx with React in different ways.
Jeff Winkler
@winkler1
Jeff posts interesting snippets, links, and tips related to React and Flux.
Jed Watson
@JedWatson
Jed is building Touchstone, a mobile app framework powered by React.
If You're Not Listed
I know some great people aren't on the list, and I'm sorry if you didn't make it!
I tried to stick to folks who either actively tweet a lot of original content or take active part in discussions about the libraries they contributed to. If I left out somebody who matches these criteria (you?), please leave me a note (I'll keep it private), and I'll add them!
Oh, and if you found this list useful, you can follow me on Twitter too.
Video: The new NanoTouch device in action Video: The new NanoTouch device in action
Electronic devices have been shrinking for years, but you might be forgiven for thinking that one that's only a centimetre across would be just too difficult to operate.
Now tests of a prototype device only slightly larger than this have shown that it can be made perfectly usable by combining a screen on the front with a touch-sensitive pad on the back.
Touch screens can be an intuitive method of interacting with computers and are now near ubiquitous in smartphones and other high-end hand-held gadgets.
Fat fingers
It is often assumed that touch-screen device can be made smaller, because they do away with the need for buttons. But paradoxically, they are often larger than the push button gadgets they replace, according to Patrick Baudisch at the Hasso Plattner Institute in Potsdam, Germany, and Microsoft Research in Redmond, Washington.
Advertisement
It's the “fat finger” problem that is to blame. It is hard to hit small touch targets on a screen because your finger hides what you are aiming for.
Last year, Baudisch and Daniel Wigdor of Mitsubishi Electric Research Labs (MERL) in Cambridge, Massachusetts, led a team that developed a fix to that. Their “transparent” LucidTouch device let users interact with a screen from the reverse side.
A new, smaller prototype created by Baudisch and their student Gerry Chu at the University of Toronto takes the idea further. Called NanoTouch, it has a 6-centimetre (2.4-inch) screen and a touch pad of the same size on the back . It can detect the touch or press of a finger, allowing the user to move a tiny cursor around and click and drag with it.
Transparent interface
When the user touches the interface on the back, an image of a finger appears behind the icons on the screen and moves around in sync with the user's finger, almost as if the device were transparent. A small active spot marked on the finger's end is used to interact with buttons onscreen.
To complete the illusion, the fingertip turns white as if pressed against a sheet of glass when the user presses on the touchpad (see video above).
User tests showed that targets just 1.8 millimetres across were easy to hit using NanoTouch. Targets on conventional touch-screen devices such as the iPhone are at least twice that size.
Speed reading
That precision opens the way for truly tiny devices, with screens as small as a centimetre across that are still easy to use, says Baudisch. Further user tests with NanoTouch simulated those smaller devices by reducing the active area of the screen. Even a screen just 8 mm across was easy to use. Displaying information on such small screens will need some new approaches, though.
“We are particularly excited about rapid serial visual presentation (RSVP) as a means for compressing data into small spaces,” they say. RSVP involves flashing up text just a word or sentence at a time and has been shown to allow faster reading on small displays.
“Interestingly, the world record in speed reading – by a substantial margin – was reached using an RSVP-based reader,” says Baudisch.
Watch interfaces
Stephen Brewster, a computer interface expert at the University of Glasgow in the UK, says the NanoTouch prototype is “compelling” and an interesting new extension of LucidTouch.
“Touch screens are the interaction surface of the moment, but they do have their drawbacks. Occlusion by the finger is a real problem. Patrick has a nice approach to solving it,” they say. “[Now] we can start to design really small devices such as interactive watches that have really good interactions.”
The NanoTouch prototype will be presented at the Computer and Human Interaction conference in Boston, Massachusetts, in April 2009.
Artist Jeremy Kalgreen has launched a new line of T-shirts using NES games to poke fun at the frustrations of adult life.
The NES is arguably the classic console and it's not hard to see why. In addition to being many people's first introduction to the world of video games, it also represents a simpler time where the core concepts of a game could be expressed in a single sentence fragment on a piece of box art. Even if you enjoy being a responsible adult, there's likely still a part of you that sits down at the end of a long, busy day and misses that sort of simplicity.
Enter Jeremy Kalgreen.
A custom T-shirt artist, Kalgreen recently looked at their life and "in a moment of self-awareness" realized that they were getting kind of old. Rather than getting all depressed about it, Kalgreen decided to embrace their emerging "fuddy-duddy-ness" and celebrate it with a new series of shirts poking fun at adult problems by tapping into their childhood days of gaming. "I found myself daydreaming about iconic things I still enjoy... and the image of a settled down Mario having a midlife crisis while Princess Toadstool was stuck at home with a screaming baby popped into my head," they said, speaking to The Escapist. "Eventually that image morphed into this whole lineup."
The shirt line, which he's dubbed "NES My Life," takes everyday problems and transforms them into wearable game covers modeled after the classic NES black box games. Included among the lineup's launch selections are shirts dedicated to job hunting and chatty checkout workers. Also on the list is one focused on the bane of all modern existence: student loan debt. Each shirt costs $16.99 with tall versions and hoodies available for a higher price. Kalgreen has also affirmed that this opening round of shirts won't be their last. "There are a lot of mundane topics that I think are ripe for ribbing," they said. Suffice it to say we'll be looking forward to seeing them. That is, of course, after we pay our bills, walk the dog, get the oil changed and put the baby to bed.
Source: Amorphia Apparel
Some Senate Democrats are reiterating their call for President Obama to reform vast aspects of the National Security Agency's (NSA) surveillance efforts.
In a letter on Friday, Sens. Mark Udall Mark Emery UdallGardner gets the latest Democratic challenge from former state senator Setting the record straight about No Labels Trump calls Kavanaugh accusations ‘totally political' MORE (D-Colo.), Ron Wyden Ronald (Ron) Lee WydenSenate reignites blue slip war over Trump court picks Overnight Health Care — Presented by National Taxpayers Union — Top Dems call for end to Medicaid work rules | Chamber launching ad blitz against Trump drug plan | Google offers help to dispose of opioids Top Dems call for end to Medicaid work rules after 18,000 lose coverage in Arkansas MORE (D-Ore.) and Martin Heinrich Martin Trevor HeinrichOvernight Defense: Dems aim to block use of defense funds for wall | Watchdog issues new warning on Syria withdrawal | Trump wants to 'watch Iran' from Iraq Senate Dems introduce bill to block Trump from using military funds to build wall Puerto Rico statehood supporters pin hopes on House action MORE (D-N.M.) told the president to halt the collection of Americans' phone records, reform the secretive Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court and prevent warrantless searches of Americans' communications.
"We believe you have the authority to make many of these changes now, and we urge you to do so with reasonable haste to protect both our national security and the personal rights and liberties of U.S. citizens,” they wrote.
ADVERTISEMENT
The letter comes a day after Udall and Wyden met with Obama as part of a larger group of lawmakers to discuss the president's planned reforms to the agency.
Obama is currently finishing their review of 46 recommendations to change government surveillance delivered by a White House advisory panel in December. In addition to lawmakers, the president and top White House officials have also met with civil liberties advocates and members of the intelligence community ahead of an expected announcement about the reforms, which could come as soon as next week. On Friday, White House officials are also expected to meet with leaders of top technology companies.
The senators wrote that the government should stop collecting bulk information about the duration and frequency of Americans' calls, known as metadata. Instead, private telecommuincation companies would hold that data, and government officials would be able to search it with a court order.
They told the president that “the way to restore Americans' constitutional rights is to end the practice of vacuuming up the phone records of huge numbers of innocent Americans every day and permit the government to obtain only the phone records of people actually connected to terrorism or other nefarious activity.”
In their letter, the three senators added that public trust in the country's intelligence agencies has been “undermined by overly intrusive domestic surveillance programs and misleading statements made by senior officials over a period of many years.”
All three senators are members of the Senate Intelligence Committee.
I like going to first time conferences. Like a newborn animal struggling to stand up, they wobble as they learn who they are. This opens up unique opportunities.
Last week the SENS Foundation put on the first ever Rejuvenation Biotechnology conference in Santa Clara. (“Rejuvenation” might be misleading. This is a conference on aging, not on spa treatments.) The SENS Foundation operates on the “belief that a world free of age-related disease is possible,” and the conference is a way to build a community around that belief.
This grand vision comes in no small part from the foundation's Chief Science Officer, Aubrey de Grey, who challenged the world back in 2007 with their book Ending Aging. Aubrey has been working on the development of what they call “Strategies for Engineered Negligible Senescence” or SENS (negligible senescence = insignificant aging) for some years now.
“What is aging?” Aubrey asks as the conference gets underway. “Aging is simply the accumulation of damage as a side effect of being alive.”
Aubrey groups molecular and cellular damage into seven areas. And says that SENS is dedicated to finding therapies designed to repair this damage. The goal of the new conference is to connect SENS and their network of researchers with those in industry.
Aubrey de Grey at Rejuvenation Biotechnology 2014
Dressed in jeans and a plain shirt, Aubrey bounces on and off stage like a teenager, always at the ready with a smart quip. Their speech is rapid fire and rhythmic with a tight British accent. I run into them at the bar after lunch.
“You're ideas are gaining hold,” I observe.
“Yes, I'm not as far out there as I used to be. Not because I changed, but the community has come to me,” they say, stroking their long beard.
Aubrey has been organizing a biennial SENS conference in Cambridge, England, for some years now that has been more research focused. Then a couple years ago, they and others set up a 501(c)(3) here in Mountain View, California where they operate out of 6,000 square feet. Michael Kope is the President and co-founder of the foundation. Their first question to Aubrey when they made plans for the foundation was what would be the IP strategy. Michael confirms that the new conference is industrially focused and designed to expand the reach of the foundation into the world of business. They're after products just like Apple or Tesla. Aubrey says their main message is that there's plenty of research about the aging process out there waiting for application.
I tell Michael that de Grey strikes me as a philosopher only to be quickly corrected. Michael says de Grey would much prefer ‘visionary' in the mold of Peter Diamandis, the co-founder with Craig Venter of Human Longevity Inc.
Peter Diamandis at Rejuvenation Biotechnology 2014
And Diamandis showed on the final day to give a keynote. Their basic premise is that the pace of change on planet Earth is accelerating at an exponential speed. Beginning with a picture of a meadow under cloudy skies, Diamandis says that humans in prehistoric times didn't have to change much. As a species we could carry on for many generations without much new going on. Cut to the present time. Change is happening at hyper speed. If a company was started in the 1920's and it was successful, it could expect to be on the S & P for over 70 years. A company started today isn't likely to last more than 15 years on the index, Diamandis says. Disruptive technologies are appearing more frequently. And there are six D's we can watch for:
Everything is becoming DIGITIZED. For the first few years, such as when the digital camera went from 0.01 to 1 megapixels, the progress from the digitalization is DECEPTIVE. We are unaware until there is a dramatic change. DISRUPTION happens. Products then become DEMATERIALIZED then DEMONETIZED DEMOCRATIZED.
After seeing one example after the other of this process, from the digital camera--which Diamandis takes time to note was both developed and then shelved by KODAK--to robotics, to the media, it is hard to disagree with Diamandis. The speed of change does seem to be going on a curve toward infinity.
“This is so today,” Diamandis would say with each new technology they referenced.
So what does this all have to do with aging, or slowing it down?
Enter the Diamandis Effect: the rush of noticable energy and inspiration that comes over an audience witnessing their presentations. At this conference, that audience was a motley collection of stem cell researchers, gerontologists, Alzheimer's researchers, policy wonks, entrepreneurs, investors, and students. After Diamandis' speech, a panel convened on stage where the moderator instructed the audience to come to the mic with ideas rather than questions. Lines behind both mics filled up immediately.
One of the panelists gave a short but excellent presentation on how to go about the challenges of FDA regulation. However the talk seemed to bring to a screeching halt Diamandis' rocket-like energy. (And, indeed, they had showed video of their space flight back in '04.) The juxtaposition generated creativity. Several ideas came up for improving regulation. One audience member, quick on their feet to the mic, said we should automate regulation. Interesting. How would that work? The idea morphed a few minutes later in the mind of another audience member with the suggestion for a kind of Turbo Tax for FDA regulation. I can see why some of the top companies are hiring the founder of the X Prize to speak.
A conference focused on the business of ending aging could easily go off the rails and into La La Land. But this conference stayed grounded. Formed mainly around panels, the questions and discussions were specific and practical.
George Church speaking at Rejuvenation Biotechnology 2014
George Church gave the opening keynote. Using the strategy of understatement and a presentation of some of their current work, George has their own way of moving a crowd. They stuck to two promising technologies. The first was in-situ flouresence-based sequencing, or looking at RNA molecules in a three dimensional environment. George claims that work done so far in this area is giving much more relevant data than the standard two dimensional sequencing.
Will we now see a rush in the world of NGS to this three dimensional approach?
The other technology George is obviously great guns over is the new CRISPR/Cas9 DNA editing technique. George said that they are involved in several research projects to use CRISPR as a viral therapeutic. They showed a slide with a list of protective gene variants for a number of age related diseases, including Alzheimer's, cancer, Type 2 diabetes, and coronary disease, among others.
“I'd like to sign up to have my genome edited to include these protective genes,” they provoked the audience.
George urged the researchers in the crowd to look at the outliers in their data, the far ends of the bell curve. There one finds a small number of genes which have much more effect on phenotype than the genes at the center of the curve.
Stem cell therapy was a major theme at the conference. Jeff Carp was there from Harvard Medical School offering a summary of their work. They say that we'll be using stem cells in four ways:
To fill vacancies To replace damaged cells To change tissues To create new niches
Stephen Minger is the Chief Scientist of Cellular Sciences at GE.
“GE is now a cell therapy company,” they said, reiterating how far the field has come. According to Stephen, there are currently over 4,000 listed clinical trials for regenerative medicine.
The conference was not only grounded in real science and real discussions about gaining regulatory approval and wooing investors. There were also ethical questions about the expanding socio-economic gap that new treatments are bringing. As a society how are we going to increase access to elite medicine for more than just the very rich?
Caleb Finch is a researcher at USC. He's thought about the implications of lifespan continuing to increase, particularly in regards to mental health.
“If we reach ninety, the majority of us will be demented,” they said. “And so we must prioritize Alzheimer's research.”
After 60 years old, dementia doubles every five years compared to aging, which doubles every eight years, Finch says. We will go crazy faster than we will age.
For their book When I'm 164, science journalist, David Ewing Duncan, surveyed over 30,000 people in many diverse audiences and found that a majority of people don't want to live longer.
Absent from the talks I attended was any mention of happiness. Except for the keynote by Diamandis. They say that he's launched a new prize to come up with a device to measure our happiness. Would this device change the majority's opinion about living longer?
As with all futurist conferences, there was lots of talk of change. Diamandis presented change as inevitable, and left out any discussion of humans as a species directing or controlling the pace of change. I asked Diamandis if he'd thought much about how we know when to change or not to change. Surely we do have some control. Isn't that what regulation is about?
Still, can we speed up our ability to decide whether a change is good or not in order to better handle the accelerating pace of change?
“It's a good question. And one I don't have the answer to,” Diamandis said.
Leveling the playing field The USWNT's protest against turf is about equal footing in more ways than one
A line was drawn in the luxurious Hawaiian sands last weekend, and it is one that had been forecast for some time.
Players and coaches for the United States women's national soccer team stood on the turf at Aloha Stadium in Honolulu, and the joy of spending December in Hawaii quickly turned sour. They had reached their breaking point.
One day earlier, the team learned that one of its best players, Megan Rapinoe, had torn their ACL in a non-contact injury on what players called a sub-par grass training surface. There were apparently sewer plates and plastic coverings surrounding the field which played a role in the injury.
And now, here they were standing on artificial turf once again, for the sixth time in seven matches on a victory tour celebrating their 2015 World Cup triumph.
Aloha Stadium's field, as described in a letter signed by the entire team and published in the Players' Tribune, featured “sharp rocks ingrained all over the field.” It had seams that could easily be pulled up, as illustrated clearly by one of goalkeeper Hope Solo's tweets.
Our loyal fans: Thanks for standing with us against unsafe field conditions & standing tall for #equal treatment pic.twitter.com/abn560Kitw — Hope Solo (@hopesolo) December 6, 2015
So the players decided not to play, with the support of the coaches. Eventually, even federation officials agreed with the decision. This all took place about 24 hours before Sunday's match between the U.S. and Trinidad and Tobago was supposed to kick off. U.S. Soccer informed Aloha Stadium officials that night that they would not play the match, and an email went out informing the public around 5:25 a.m. ET – just after midnight local time.
Around 15,000 tickets had already been sold for the match – a small crowd compared to other stops on this victory tour, but still enough to estimate about half-million dollars in ticket revenue alone. On this day, the very loyal fans of this team – some whom are now part of a class-action lawsuit filed to recover travel costs (tickets will all be refunded, U.S. Soccer previously announced) – were to be stood up for a greater cause.
That cause isn't just turf. By now, most have heard about women's soccer's drawn-out battle over playing surfaces. The 2015 Women's World Cup was the first senior World Cup – men's or women's – to be played on the plastic stuff. A group of women – led by the U.S. but with many international cohorts – called it discriminatory, saying the men would never agree to play a World Cup on it (they are right about that). U.S. forward, and world all-time leading goal-scorer, Abby Wambach led the charge. Wambach felt so strongly that she, along with others, attempted legal action in Canada to force FIFA into switching the tournament to grass. Their efforts failed, but they did ensure that at least the next World Cup, in France in 2019, will be on grass.
Yes, this is about turf. This is about the women's national team playing 15 matches on turf in 2015 and the U.S. men's national team not playing a single game on an artificial surface. The men's team even played in the exact venue – the Alamodome – where the women played on Thursday, except the men had sod laid over the turf for their match. The women were afforded no such consideration.
That sod over turf didn't go so well in May. It can be just as bad if not worse than turf if the grass isn't laid properly and given enough time to take hold.
But the point that women's national team players want to drive home is that the men have a choice. Even after such vehement public protest of artificial turf at the Women's World Cup, U.S. Soccer scheduled eight of 10 – now nine after the match in Hawaii was abandoned – victory tour matches on turf. And the Aloha Stadium turf wasn't even inspected by U.S. Soccer before the venue was booked.
“This decision wasn't about ‘turf vs. grass.' This was about field conditions and player safety,” the team wrote in its Players' Tribune letter.
“It's as simple as that. Soccer is our job. Our bodies are our jobs. And nothing should ever be put in competition with our protection and safety as players.”
As U.S. Women's National Team Players Association general counsel Rich Nichols says, turf is a metaphor.
“The time has come for it to evolve,” Nichols said. “The time has come to put the sport on a level playing field in all facets of the sport and in all facets of the business of the sport.”
These are the kind of things that have all boiled up to this point. The memo of understanding (MOU) between the U.S. Soccer Federation and its women's national team expires at the end of 2016, meaning it is time to begin talks of a collective bargaining agreement. The three daunting letters in the world of sports: C.B.A.
The protest of the U.S. women's soccer team in Hawaii was a catalyst and a platform, but it was also a culmination.
For years, media have noted the rise of women in sports. Each December has brought similar headlines.
The 2012 London Olympics were seen as a watershed moment for female athletes.
The United States sent more female Olympians to the Games than it did males, and those women won more medals. The Olympics featured more women's events than ever before and, for the first time, every country participating in the Games had at least one female athlete in its delegation – even Qatar, Brunei Darussalam and Saudi Arabia, eventually. A record 4,600-plus women – about 44 percent of the total participants – took part in those Olympics.
Jessica Ennis captured the home nation's hearts in their gold-medal display in the heptathlon. Gabby Douglas became a gymnastics icon. This U.S. women's soccer team pulled off another miraculous win in the semifinal against rival Canada to go on and win a third straight gold medal.
Headlines poured out across the globe:
“The women's Olympics?” some asked, already knowing the answer.
“The Women's Games,” others more profoundly stated.
“Year of the Woman,” another headline proclaimed.
Since then, we've Serena Williams continue to dominate all things tennis. Missy Franklin and Katie Ledecky have supplanted Michael Phelps and Ryan Lochte as the next big swimming stars. We saw Mikaela Shiffrin take the Sochi Olympics by storm in 2014, becoming the youngest slalom champion in Olympic alpine skiing history by winning the gold medal weeks before their 19th birthday.
And this year, Ronda Rousey took over the sports world. They dominated their sport so incredibly that we wondered if they would ever lose. And then they did. They showed they are human, and everyone was that much more interested. These are sports stories. They aren't defined by gender.
The U.S. women's soccer team's popularity took off this year. After struggling through the early stages of the World Cup, Carli Lloyd came alive and netted a goal from midfield to become the first woman to score a hat trick in a World Cup final and the team, already one of the most powerful and recognizable in women's team sports, reached new heights.
MORE: Carli Lloyd on whirlwind year, Olympic clinchers
Television ratings broke records. New York City rolled out a ticker-tape parade for a women's sports team for the first time. And the squad set out on a 10-game victory tour to celebrate (a tour which is, to be clear, part of the contract and part of how players earn some of their bonuses for the year).
And there was the turf. There were the poor facilities and travel issues, as players and Nichols reference. Enough was enough.
“We expect to be treated equally our male counterparts,” one part of the team's open letter reads. There is no gray area there.
The U.S. women are certainly fighting for better treatment. U.S. Soccer president Sunil Gulati admitted to the New York Times this week, “We screwed up” in Hawaii. The federation has promised that no women's national team games between January 2016 and the Olympics in August will be played on turf, but Gulati wouldn't completely rule out turf in the future.
The high-level issues the U.S. women face are not representative of the challenges of many national team programs, like their opponents this week, Trinidad and Tobago.
Trinidadian players go largely unpaid (they almost boycotted Thursday's game over stipend payment issues before U.S. Soccer loaned them money). They train when they can, with what equipment they can and whichever field they can. Their coach, Randy Waldrum, works for free, but even they have trouble getting a basic plane ticket sorted out with the federation. Talented players are underdeveloped, and they plateau or stop playing. This happens all over the world.
But U.S. players have a platform like no other in the sport. They want better situations for themselves, sure, but there is a top-down thought that change for them will mean change for the greater women's soccer world. Similarly, it is hoped that change around the world will start with FIFA reforms; it has been proposed that all six confederations have at least one woman on its FIFA executive committee.
Conversations for a new collective bargaining agreement for the U.S. women are only in their early stages. Parties are confident a deal will get done. Closing that deal will be about thinking forward. It will be about building “an infrastructure that is solid, so that in the future, the younger women coming into the game don't have to deal with some these issues,” as Nichols puts it.
That turf at Aloha Stadium likely wasn't much worse than some of the other fields the U.S. women have played on this year. Rapinoe recently described picking bolts out of the turf on a recent stop on the victory tour.
Hawaii was the tipping point. What comes next is the real story.
Over the last couple of days an internal thread has been making the rounds at Acquia about speeding up Composer for Drupal builds. With Drupal 8, Lightning and the BLT project making heavy use of Composer to manage its dependencies, users frequently rebuilding from source, or those in remote regions with slow internet face a lot of dead time.
Within the discussion, someone mentioned Toran Proxy which acts as a mirror for Packagist, GitHub and other repositories that store code libraries. Because I live in Australia, the available bandwidth to external repositories is sometimes extremely slow; this lead me to try Toran out.
My home development server uses Fedora 19 (Schrödinger's Cat) and it's a place I frequently try out scripts, applications and other tooling to both verify it does what it says, and keep a technical eye in as my career drifts ever further away. I was able to translate the download/configuration instructions into a Puppet manifest and have Toran deployed on my server in relatively short time however ran into issues with ensuring BLT (which uses packages.drupal.org) downloaded packages from the right places.
In the end, the solution which worked for me was to patch one line in one file (src/Toran/ProxyBundle/Command/CronCommand.php) of Toran Proxy, whilst ensuring I continually ran Toran's inbuilt cron to generate the right resources for my local build to pull in. Prior to doing this I was running into dependency issues that lead me down seven or eight different garden paths. My definitive guide to getting Toran Proxy set up with BLT is as follows and presumes all initial instructions provided by the Toran Proxy team have been followed:
Apply the attached patch
Navigate to the /settings page and use the following image as a rough guide for configuring your instance
Run Toran cron by executing php bin/cron -v
Alter your BLT composer.json to use the following (changing the repo URL from toran.adammalone.net to the domain your toran instance runs on and removing the secure-http parameter if your mirror uses HTTPS)
"config": { "secure-http": false }, "repositories": { "0": { "type": "composer", "url": "http://toran.adammalone.net/repo/private/" }, "1": { "type": "composer", "url": "http://toran.adammalone.net/repo/packagist/" }, "2": { "packagist": false } },
Cross your fingers and run composer install
If any parts of the build fail, examine your app/toran/config.yml file and ensure that all the Drupal packages (except Coder) are tagged with packages.drupal.org and all non-Drupal packages are tagged with packagist.org.
Create a new entry in crontab to run the Toran cron as frequently as desired so packages are continually updated.
Your mileage may vary, but I was able to reduce a 40 minute build down to around 8 minutes as my laptop was sourcing libraries from a server 3 metres away rather than the other side of the World. The only slow downs for me were packages tagged with '*' or '-dev' as they bypass Toran and don't get added to my local cache.
Acting FBI Director REFUTES Reports that Comey Asked for More Funding for Russia Investigation (VIDEO)
On Wednesday the Washington Post reported that former FBI Director James Comey sought more resources for their Russia probe just days before they were fired by President Trump.
Comey was fired by President Trump on Tuesday.
According to the Washington Post:
Last week, then-FBI Director James B. Comey requested more resources from the Justice Department for their bureau's investigation into collusion between the Trump campaign and the Russian government, according to two officials with knowledge of the discussion. Comey, who was fired by President Trump on Tuesday, made the request in a meeting last week with Rod J. Rosenstein, the deputy attorney general, and later briefed the chair and Democratic ranking member of the Senate Intelligence Committee on Monday, the officials said.
The story was widely reported by the liberal mainstream media.
Too bad the story was complete garbage.
The Department of Justice refuted the report Wednesday saying Comey DID NOT ask Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein for more resourses for the Russian conspiracy probe.
DOJ is pushing back hard- they say any reporting that Comey asked Rosenstein for more resources is “completely false” -now working Sen Intel https://t.co/VzcRqRxRpQ — Bret Baier (@BretBaier) May 10, 2017
Now this…
On Thursday Acting FBI Director McCabe was asked if Comey had requested additional funding for the Russia investigation.
McCabe reponded:
“I strongly believe the Russia investigation is adequately resourced.”
McCabe went on to say a request for funding for an individual investigation would be highly irregular.
"I strongly believe the Russia investigation is adequately resourced," McCabe says on if Comey requested more funds https://t.co/sQ0dZMLZ4p pic.twitter.com/QnkuPOOnNB — CBS News (@CBSNews) May 11, 2017
It is the radio telescope that hunts killer asteroids, probes distant cosmic blasts and decades ago sent Earth's most powerful message to the stars. Yet the storied Arecibo Observatory, an enormous aluminium dish nestled in a Puerto Rican sinkhole, might soon find itself out of the science game.
The US National Science Foundation (NSF), which owns the observatory, wants to offload the facility to free up money for newer ones. In the coming weeks, it will ask for ideas about how Arecibo might be managed if the NSF reduces its current US$8.2-million annual contribution. By May, the agency plans to release a final environmental-impact statement, a federally mandated analysis of the effects of various scenarios—from continuing to run Arecibo to mothballing or even demolishing its iconic dish. Soon after that, the NSF will decide which path to take.
Arecibo advocates are not going to let the telescope die without a fight. On 4 January, they pressed their case at a meeting of the American Astronomical Society in Grapevine, Texas—arguing that Arecibo is putting out some of the best science it has ever done, and that the NSF is moving too quickly to divest itself of an astronomical treasure.
“Arecibo definitely has a future,” says Francisco Cordova, the observatory's director. “Though it will be a different future.”
Arecibo is playing a key part in illuminating the mystery of fast radio bursts, which are emerging as a completely new class of celestial phenomenon. And at the astronomy meeting, observatory scientists revealed a previously unknown contributor to the Universe's cosmic microwave background glow—cold electrons—plus a pair of pulsars that has surprisingly erratic radio emissions.
“It is still a state-of-the-art observatory,” says Nicholas White, senior vice-president for science at the Universities Space Research Association in Columbia, Maryland, which helps to manage Arecibo for the NSF.
NSF officials agree. But they say they need money for new projects such as the Large Synoptic Survey Telescope, which is under construction in Chile. A 2012 review of the NSF's astronomy portfolio recommended cutting support for some of its smaller and older facilities. Although Arecibo was not among them, the report recommended that the NSF evaluate the facility's status later in the decade.
On the block
The US National Science Foundation is planning to divest itself of older telescopes to free up money for newer facilities. Telescope Location Status Arecibo Observatory (radio) Puerto Rico Environmental-impact study under way Green Bank Observatory (radio) West Virginia Has left National Radio Astronomy Observatory; environmental impact study underway Long Baseline Observatory (radio) 10 US locations Has left National Radio Astronomy Observatory; part-time funding from US Navy McMath–Pierce Solar Telescope (solar) Arizona Likely to close this year Mayall 4-Meter Telescope (optical) Arizona To transition to Department of Energy for dark-energy studies WIYN 3.5-metre observatory (optical) Arizona NSF to partner with NASA for exoplanet studies Global Oscillation Network Group (solar) Six locations worldwide National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration to share operating costs Richard B. Dunn Solar Telescope (solar) New Mexico Likely to transition to consortium led by New Mexico State University SOAR 4.1-metre telescope (optical and near-infrared) Chile To be reviewed
SOAR, Southern Astrophysical Research; WIYN, Wisconsin–Indiana–Yale–National Optical Astronomy Observatory. Source: NSF
Some of the observatories targeted in the review have found potential partners: New Mexico State University in Las Cruces is leading an effort to take over the Dunn Solar Telescope in Sunspot, New Mexico. Others remain in limbo, including the 100-metre radio telescope in Green Bank, West, where university partners have offered limited help.
In October, the NSF released a draft environmental impact statement for Arecibo that outlines how various management options would affect everything from endangered plants to local tourism. The NSF would prefer to find collaborators to shoulder most of the cost of operating the observatory for science purposes. But the draft statement includes the possibility of shuttering the facility, and even details which explosive would be needed to dismantle the 305-metre-wide dish.
NSF officials included this bleak option to satisfy federal rules that require them to describe the environmental impact of all possible outcomes. “We specifically leaned towards making things look a bit more drastic,” says James Ulvestad, head of the NSF's astronomy division.
Gravitational-wave astronomers are among those who are unhappy about the idea of Arecibo going offline. The international NANOGrav consortium uses about 850 hours of Arecibo time each year to discern how ripples in space-time affect radio pulsars. Between Arecibo and Green Bank, the team is just now reaching the sensitivity at which it should be able to detect gravitational waves. “We're so close,” says Xavier Siemens, an astrophysicist at the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee. “Losing Arecibo would mean losing US leadership in the field.”
Arecibo also has a unique role in stimulating public interest in science, says Edgard Rivera-Valentín, a planetary radar specialist at the observatory. Like many Puerto Ricans, they first visited Arecibo as a child, on a family trip. “It just blew me away,” they say. “I knew pretty much then that I wanted to do astronomy.”
The NSF pays for roughly two-thirds of Arecibo's $12-million annual budget. Half of that comes from its astronomy division and half from its atmospheric and geospace sciences division, which uses Arecibo to study Earth's ionosphere. The remainder comes from NASA, which tracks near-Earth asteroids from Arecibo and would probably keep doing so if other collaborators stepped in to make up for NSF cutbacks.
Arecibo's current operating contract ends in March 2018. After that, new approaches to make ends meet could include charging scientists hourly rates to use the observatory, instead of having them apply for time through federal agencies. “This is where the rubber hits the road,” says White.
This article is reproduced with permission and was first published on January 10, 2016.
Love the great outdoors, but not quite ready to go Into The Wild-style and give up hot water and electricity just yet? Slovakian architects have just revealed a super-compact capsule that promises to deliver a nomadic lifestyle, with all the renewable-powered comforts of home. And we really want one.
The whole thing is pretty cramped, measuring just 2.55 m x 4.45 m x 2.25 m, but it's designed to be entirely self-sufficient for two adults, and is kitted out with a retractable 750 W wind turbine and 2.6 square-metres of solar panels.
The egg-shaped abode, which has been named the Ecocapsule, also has a 9,744 Watt hours battery to store all that power for a rainy (or cloudy) day. The pod is specially shaped to help collect rainwater and dew and funnel it down into a tank below the pod's floor, filtering it with a clever surface membrane along the way to remove any bacteria.
Inside, there's a toilet and shower, mini-kitchen, bed, table and storage. The walls are super-insulated to help keep the pod at a comfortable temperature and the home is even capable of charging up your electric car while you tow it.
The design will be on display next week at the Pioneers Festival in Vienna, and will reportedly be available to the public later this year (although no word as yet on the price).
Obviously we'd love to see some more research and data on how the Ecocapsule fares in a range of different environments, but it's a pretty promising design that will hopefully get people thinking about the future of sustainable living. I, for one, wouldn't mind living in a world where we all carry our homes around with us like some giant hermit crabs. Just imagine the places we'll go...
The Miami New Times has more info from the gay escort who went on a ten-day European vacation with anti-gay activist George Alan Rekers, a co-founder of the right-wing Family Research Council. Apparently while on the trip, the escort (identified and photographed on this NSFW website) was asked to give them nude massages, including a maneuver they called the “long stroke,” which was described as a complicated caress “across their penis, thigh … and their anus over the butt cheeks.” The escort (nicknamed “Lucien”) told the paper that it's their understanding that Rekers is gay. “It's a situation where he's going against homosexuality when they are a homosexual,” they said. Rekers, sort of surprisingly, has been talking about the issue. “He was very good as a travel companion. They did carry my luggage and that sort of thing,” Rekers told the New Times. “He is very good at that.” Rekers, who admits they found the escort on the gay prostitution site Rentboy.com, later adjusted their story when talking to blogger Joe.My.God.
“My hero is Jesus Christ who loves even the culturally despised people, including sexual sinners and prostitutes,” they said. “Like Jesus Christ, I deliberately spend time with sinners with the loving goal to try to help them.” Rekers is a board member of the gay-cure organization, after all. “If you talk with my travel assistant that the story called “Lucien,” you will find I spent a great deal of time sharing scientific information on the desirability of abandoning homosexual intercourse, and I shared the Gospel of Jesus Christ with them in great detail.”
Also the “long stroke.” There was sharing of that, too. Like with Jesus!
George Rekers Is a Homosexual, Escort Says [Riptide 2.0/Miami New Times]
An anti-austerity march in front of the Greek Parliament building in Athens. (Ggia / CC BY-SA 3.0)
Now that Greece has become the first advanced nation to fall into arrears with the International Monetary Fund, the nation has reached a crucial crossroads: Should it concede to the demands of the “troika” — the institutions representing creditor interests — or continue to reject austerity and prepare to ditch the euro?
Amid mass protests, tumbling markets and bank closures, Greece will hold a referendum Sunday to decide.
Recent opinion pieces by Nobel Prize-winning economists Joseph Stiglitz and Paul Krugman maintain that Greece must keep going it alone and vote no.
Stiglitz writes in The Guardian “… the economics behind the programme that the ‘troika' (the European Commission, the European Central Bank, and the International Monetary Fund) foisted on Greece five years ago has been abysmal, resulting in a 25% decline in the country's GDP. I can think of no depression, ever, that has been so deliberate and had such catastrophic consequences: Greece's rate of youth unemployment, for example, now exceeds 60%.”
They continue:
We should be clear: almost none of the huge amount of money loaned to Greece has actually gone there. It has gone to pay out private-sector creditors – including German and French banks. Greece has gotten but a pittance, but it has paid a high price to preserve these countries' banking systems. The IMF and the other “official” creditors do not need the money that is being demanded. Under a business-as-usual scenario, the money received would most likely just be lent out again to Greece. But, again, it's not about the money. It's about using “deadlines” to force Greece to knuckle under, and to accept the unacceptable – not only austerity measures, but other regressive and punitive policies. It is hard to advise Greeks how to vote on 5 July. Neither alternative – approval nor rejection of the troika's terms – will be easy, and both carry huge risks. A yes vote would mean depression almost without end. Perhaps a depleted country – one that has sold off all of its assets, and whose bright young people have emigrated – might finally get debt forgiveness; perhaps, having shrivelled into a middle-income economy, Greece might finally be able to get assistance from the World Bank. All of this might happen in the next decade, or perhaps in the decade after that. By contrast, a no vote would at least open the possibility that Greece, with its strong democratic tradition, might grasp its destiny in its own hands. Greeks might gain the opportunity to shape a future that, though perhaps not as prosperous as the past, is far more hopeful than the unconscionable torture of the present. I know how I would vote.
According to Krugman, “Greece should vote no, and the Greek government should be ready, if necessary, to leave the euro.”
Their explanation in The New York Times states:
To understand why I say this, you need to realize that most — not all, but most — of what you've heard about Greek profligacy and irresponsibility is false. Yes, the Greek government was spending beyond its means in the late 2000s. But since then it has repeatedly slashed spending and raised taxes.Government employment has fallen more than 25 percent, and pensions (which were indeed much too generous) have been cut sharply. If you add up all the austerity measures, they have been more than enough to eliminate the original deficit and turn it into a large surplus. So why didn't this happen? Because the Greek economy collapsed, largely as a result of those very austerity measures, dragging revenues down with it. And this collapse, in turn, had a lot to do with the euro, which trapped Greece in an economic straitjacket. Cases of successful austerity, in which countries rein in deficits without bringing on a depression, typically involve large currency devaluations that make their exports more competitive. This is what happened, for example, in Canada in the 1990s, and to an important extent it's what happened in Iceland more recently. But Greece, without its own currency, didn't have that option. It's easy to get lost in the details, but the essential point now is that Greece has been presented with a take-it-or-leave-it offer that is effectively indistinguishable from the policies of the past five years. This is, and presumably was intended to be, an offer Alexis Tsipras, the Greek prime minister, can't accept, because it would destroy their political reason for being. The purpose must therefore be to drive them from office, which will probably happen if Greek voters fear confrontation with the troika enough to vote yes next week. But they shouldn't, for three reasons. First, we now know that ever-harsher austerity is a dead end: after five years Greece is in worse shape than ever. Second, much and perhaps most of the feared chaos from Grexit has already happened. With banks closed and capital controls imposed, there's not that much more damage to be done. Finally, acceding to the troika's ultimatum would represent the final abandonment of any pretense of Greek independence. Don't be taken in by claims that troika officials are just technocrats explaining to the ignorant Greeks what must be done. These supposed technocrats are in fact fantasists who have disregarded everything we know about macroeconomics, and have been wrong every step of the way. This isn't about analysis, it's about power — the power of the creditors to pull the plug on the Greek economy, which persists as long as euro exit is considered unthinkable. So it's time to put an end to this unthinkability. Otherwise Greece will face endless austerity, and a depression with no hint of an end.
–Posted by Roisin Davis
Problems managing expectation and pressure were specifically highlighted by Sven-Goran Eriksson and Fabio Capello following the past three World Cups but, as England near their moment of reckoning in Brazil, it is possible to detect only unburdened optimism in the voice of Arsenal's Oxlade-Chamberlain.
Peters spoke twice to the squad during their training camp in Portugal and will work individually with players as requested, but the general message appears simple enough: focus on what you can influence and relish rather than endure what will be an experience - and opportunity - of a lifetime.
“We can't control what is being said about us, how people approach it and the expectation levels that are put on us as a squad and as individuals,” says Oxlade-Chamberlain. “We are going there to do the business and win it. They are the expectation levels we put on ourselves. It will take a lot of hard work, a lot of great performances and maybe a bit of luck along the way to achieve that but we are not going there as an inexperienced team to not do well.”
Oxlade-Chamberlain, along with Raheem Sterling, Daniel Sturridge, Luke Shaw, Adam Lallana, Jordan Henderson, Jack Wilshere, Ross Barkley, Phil Jones, Chris Smalling and Danny Welbeck, has come to represent the youthful core of this England squad. They are all below the age of 27, have never previously played in a World Cup and are more likely to reach their peak in Russia in 2018.
Yet if the videos and photographs on their various social media accounts are anything to go by, they are having the time of their lives right now. The latest pictures, on Instagram, of Sturridge, Wilshere, Oxlade-Chamberlain and Sterling, look more like holiday snaps than a group of England footballers taking a stroll along Miami Beach.
“The young element of the squad is an exciting one and definitely brings a freshness to the team but it's not just young enthusiasm,” says Oxlade-Chamberlain.
“All the young boys who have come in are really talented and deserve to be there. I think it's a really good mix. We are a young team with great experienced players helping out the young boys as well. It's not a fresh start as such but in a way it does feel like that because there are quite a few new faces around the squad. It's quite refreshing. It's great to be around the camp.”
It all feels genuinely different to 'Camp England' under Capello when, according to Wayne Rooney, the players were “locked up” and not even permitted to leave their rooms during training in Austria before the 2010 World Cup. Golf is the chosen means of relaxation for much of the squad.
“We understand that Brazil is a long way away from friends and family,” says Oxlade-Chamberlain. “It's one of the small sacrifices you have to make to be lucky enough to come to an amazing tournament like the World Cup. You are in a hotel for a long time. The good thing with our manager is they do understand that there are times, if possible, when a mental break from football for six or seven hours is really good. Little breaks are good because then you can hit the ground running when it comes to training. They did that in the Euros with us. Whenever it was possible, whenever it was the right time, we would get time off to relax and do things that weren't football related.
“Golf is a big one. The best are James Milner and Phil Jagielka. We don't count them because they are in a different league to the rest of us Average Joes. My handicap is in dispute. The first England tournament we had I was being called a bandit. I was playing off 18. I don't play a lot so sometimes I'm amazing and then, two minutes later, I'm the worst player.”
As well as golf, Leighton Baines has revealed how books and music will help them relax. Last Exit to Brooklyn, by Hubert Selby Jnr, is their current reading material. Oxlade-Chamberlain says that Hodgson, rather like their club manager Arsène Wenger, enjoys sitting with the players and chewing the fat over subjects that stretch well beyond football. “Roy Hodgson is always sharing their experience with the squad,” says Oxlade-Chamberlain. “He is a very approachable person like Arsène Wenger. Even if it is not about football, just general stuff that is on TV, in the news, things that are happening in the world. Everyone really warms to him. I am sure I speak for all the boys when I say that. When that happens you are more likely to want to play your heart out for him.”
For Oxlade-Chamberlain, that first chance will come against Ecuador in Miami on Wednesday night. A groin injury means that they have not played competitively since April 20 but they feel ready “like a coiled spring” - despite still following a specific training programme that includes additional work at the end of each session. Added encouragement has also been provided in recent weeks by how Gareth Bale, their old academy team-mate at Southampton, shone on a truly global stage in the Champions League final.
“To see them score the winner was a special moment for them and their family but also everyone who knows him,” says Oxlade-Chamberlain. “You feel like you have some connection coming from the same academy. It was inspiring. I definitely feel ready, I wouldn't be here in the position I am now if I didn't. It's a problem I am going to have to keep managing for a while to make sure it doesn't come back but I'm in a good place now.”
Replicating the humidity that England will face in Manaus for their opening World Cup match against Italy has been another feature of training. It is a potentially serious issue and Oxlade-Chamberlain can still recall how Arsenal players lost as much as five kilograms in sweat during a pre-season game last year in Vietnam.
“A lot of people have built up Manaus as a dangerous place to play but at the end of the day it is just going to be a lot hotter and a bit harder to play in,” they say. “As players, we can't worry about that. If you do, your performance levels will drop. The doctors and the sports scientists in the camp are the ones that are worrying about what different techniques they can use. We have been wearing more layers in training to try to recreate the sweat process that we will feel. We were then working on how we rehydrate ourselves to stay at optimum levels.
"It's going to be the same for all countries out there. I think for Italy, it will be a shock to their system as well.” England's preparations, of course, also involved playing Brazil at the Maracana last summer when Oxlade-Chamberlain scored in a 2-2 draw. It followed how their dad, Mark Chamberlain, helped England beat Brazil in the same stadium some 30 years ago. “Having the experience last year was a big eye-opener for what this tournament is going to be about,” says Oxlade-Chamberlain.
“There was a bit of history there with my dad playing at the Maracana all those hundreds of years ago and obviously me being in a position there to emulate that is amazing. It's an incredible place, Brazil, especially with the history that the country has in football. It's an amazing event for all of our team and it's going to be a great occasion. Hopefully we can go there, play well and make it a memorable and historic one.”
Lucozade Sport's Conditions Zone is in Canary Wharf, London. Visit LucozadeSport.com/conditionszone for more information
On the reverse of this sestertius of Nero , Annona (standing right) holds a cornucopia, facing Ceres (seated left) holding grain-ears and torch, with a modius on the garlanded altar between them and a ship's stern behind
In ancient Roman religion, Annona (Latin annōna “corn, grain; means of subsistence”, from annus "year") is the divine personification of the grain supply to the city of Rome.  They are closely connected to the goddess Ceres, with whom they are often depicted in art.
Annona, often as Annona Augusti, was a creation of Imperial religious propaganda, manifested in iconography and cult practice.  They are presented as a theophany of the emperor's power to care for their people through the provision of grain.[1] Annona thus lacked narrative mythology or a tradition of devotion in the Roman Republic, but once established as part of Imperial cult, they were the recipient of dedications and votive offerings from private individuals motivated by gratitude or the seeking of favor.[2]
Imperial cult [ edit ]
In the propaganda of Claudius, the cult of Ceres Augusta made explicit the divine power that lay in the Imperial provision of the annona, the grain supply to the city.[3] Annona Augusti appears on coins late in the reign of Nero, when the Cult of Virtues came into prominence in the wake of the Pisonian conspiracy. They embodied two of the material benefits of Imperial rule, along with Securitas Augusti, "Augustan Security," and often appeared as part of a pair with Ceres.[4] On Neronian coinage, Ceres, Annona, and Abundantia ("Abundance") were closely associated.[5]
Annona also appears on coins issued under Vespasian, where along with other Virtues they represent the restoration of confidence in the principate, and on the coinage of Titus, Domitian, Trajan, Hadrian, Antoninus Pius, and Septimius Severus.[6] They were a particular favorite in Trajan's propaganda, which sought to portray their reign as a renewal and a prosperous new era for humanity; hence Annona often appears with a symbolic child.[7] In the context of Trajanic politics, Annona represented Rome's grain independence from its traditional supplier Egypt.[8]
Iconography [ edit ]
Annona is typically depicted with a cornucopia (horn of plenty) in their arm, and a ship's prow in the background, alluding to the transport of grain into the harbor of Rome. On coins, they frequently stand between a modius (grain-measure) and the prow of a galley, with ears of grain in one hand and a cornucopia in the other; sometimes they hold a rudder or an anchor.[9]
Legacy [ edit ]
The crater Annona in the southern hemisphere of the dwarf planet Ceres was named after this deity.
Moa Kikuchi, Suzuka Nakamoto and Yui Mizuno perform with Babymetal on Day 1 of the Heavy Montreal Festival on Aug. 9, 2014 in Montreal, Canada.
Babymetal -- the teenaged J-pop-meets-metal trio that topped Billboard's World Albums chart -- has signed with Sony, with plans for taking on America and beyond.
The Japanese band broke the news on its official website, announcing that its self-titled debut album will be released June 16 in the United States via RAL/Sony Music Entertainment. The long-player first dropped Feb. 24, 2014, in Japan, but the U.S. edition comes with two additional bonus tracks.
8 Observations From Babymetal's Debut NYC Concert
The trio describes itself as "kawaii" (meaning "cute") metal. Their official Facebook page details each member's respective role quite accurately -- Su-Metal handles "vocal, dance," while Yuimetal and Moametal both take on "scream, dance." They opened dates on Lady Gaga's Artpop tour and their first New York show was a huge hit. You really just have to see it for yourself:
Their Kobametal-produced album will also see a 2015 European release, via earMUSIC. It will come out May 29 in Germany, Sweden, Finland, and Spain, on June 1 in the United Kingdom, France, Belgium, the Netherlands, Poland, Switzerland, Norway and Denmark, and on June 2 in Italy.
And Babymetal isn't the first buzzworthy young metal act Sony has given a contract to lately. Back in July 2014, Sony signed Unlocking the Truth to a five-album deal that could land them $1.8 million if certain sales figures are met. However, the Unlocking the Truth announced last month that it was looking to leave Sony.
Today's state of the game address for The Division included quite the announcement that will likely intrigue many agents. Developers of The Division announced that the 1.4 update will introduce world scaling with World Brackets selected by the player. In addition to the number of bug fixes, gameplay redesigns, and other improvements, the 1.4 patch will also introduce the new World Brackets feature to players letting them set the whole New York City map to level 30 and higher as the player reaches higher gear scores.
In the state of the game, which can be viewed on Twitch, developers of the game explained the new World Bracket system after discussing how enemies and players will be different in the 1.4 update. The game, in its current state, is not that fun and it is often difficult for players that are not perfectly optimized. As they have noted before, developers of The Division stated that the time to kill an enemy will come down with 1.4 and the time it takes for a player to be killed by an NPC will be increased. The stream included a few examples where an enemy killed a player in two seconds based on the live server versus the six seconds it took for the characters in an environment based on patch 1.4. An image of how long it took the player to kill an enemy in the two environments is below.
The time to kill on the live servers is on the left, the right is based on 1.4 changes [Image via Ubisoft]
The gap between high-end loot and gear set loot will also be closed after the update. High-end loot will be closer in strength to gear sets giving players more options in how they gear their characters. Not to mention, players will no longer need to obtain gear from a challenge mode in order to play in a challenge mode. The rate at which gear is earned will be improved and the new World Brackets mean players can get it from anywhere they choose. All “trash” enemies, excluding those in Incursions, have a chance to drop high-end and gear set level loot all over the game.
This is possible thanks to the new World Bracket feature coming in the 1.4 update. After reaching level 30, a character will unlock World Brackets. There are four tiers of worlds and a fresh level 30 will begin at tier one. In this tier, characters will find level 30 enemies all over the base map, within missions, and in the Underground. This means that the base map will once again be playable for characters at the level cap, and named NPCs will return giving players a chance to farm Bullet King all over again.
In tier one, enemies drop gear up to level 163. After that gear score is reached, that player can set their world to tier two where gear drops are between 164 and 182 gear score. This process is repeated for tier three and tier four with the latter offering the best gear in the game. With the 1.4 update, the highest gear score obtainable will be 229. Players will no longer find anything higher than 229 in either high-end pieces or gear set pieces. This is one major way high-end gear will be comparable to gear set pieces after the update.
The World Bracket interface on the map screen [Image via Ubisoft]
The level of the World Bracket, between tier one and tier four, affects the level of enemies found all over that player's game. Normal, hard, and challenging modes still exist for missions; however. Those modes now affect the amount of loot dropped instead of the loot's gear score level. Players can farm a normal mode mission in tier one to earn their 163 gear score a little slower than if they chose to play hard mode missions in that tier. Either way, the gear score will be reached and a new tier will open. Players can switch tiers whenever they choose so long as they have the gear score to unlock the tier, too.
For matchmaking and friends, the tier of the world still comes into play. A player that plays in a tier four world can manually invite a player that only has access to a tier one world, but tier four players only matchmake automatically with other tier four players. This lets friends stick together if they want to give a tier four player a chance to help their friends gear more quickly. After all, a player with a tier one gear score will receive tier four gear score items if invited to a tier four world.
null
As The Inquisitr reported, the public test server is not going up this weekend as planned. During this week's state of the game, developers did state that the public test server might go live as early as next week. No firm date is confirmed right now, and the technical test will still need to occur before it opens to all PC owners of the game.
This week's state of the game stream continues delivering details on how The Division will change with the game's next major update. Patch 1.4 is still expected to release in October with a slew of changes, bug fixes, and the newly announced World Brackets. Adjusting how enemy NPCs gain strength at higher levels, improving loot and when it is received, and correcting the difficulty jump between modes are at the center of the update. Many of these topics have been in discussion in the previous weeks' state of the game addresses, like last week's detailed information on the official site.
Several quality-of-life enhancements are also expected with the update including weapon skins no longer taking up inventory space, a “craft all” button in the crafting interface, and a buyback option from vendors. Due to the nature of the 1.4 update and its crucial overhauls to several gameplay elements, balancing will occur after the changes have gone live. Not to mention, the two remaining paid pieces of downloadable content for The Division now have later release dates due to the fixes.
[Image via Ubisoft]
"He was frustrated on that," Maddon said of Baez's rare miss, "but then they make a great play on a bouncer over the mound. He's fine. The biggest thing for me, is I'd like to get them back to where they had been offensively and more in control of their strike zone."
BOSTON -- Javier Baez was uncharacteristically out of position and missed a grounder on Friday night, and they also haven't been as consistent at the plate, but Joe Maddon isn't worried. He's quick to point out Baez is young, as are the majority of the Cubs' hitters, and they will go through phases.
BOSTON -- Javier Baez was uncharacteristically out of position and missed a grounder on Friday night, and they also haven't been as consistent at the plate, but Joe Maddon isn't worried. He's quick to point out Baez is young, as are the majority of the Cubs' hitters, and they will go through phases.
"He was frustrated on that," Maddon said of Baez's rare miss, "but then they make a great play on a bouncer over the mound. He's fine. The biggest thing for me, is I'd like to get them back to where they had been offensively and more in control of their strike zone."
View Full Game Coverage
Baez had a good spring, and Maddon said the infielder, who was the co-MVP in the National League Championship Series last year, may simply be trying too hard now.
Video: CHC@PIT: Baez flashes leather with sliding play
"It's a cyclical kind of year, always," Maddon said. "I'm aware of that. I don't have any solid explanation, but when guys aren't hitting well, they're normally swinging at what they shouldn't be, and that's what he's doing now."
And they're also young.
"I tried to remind everybody about that last year," Maddon said of the Cubs' youth. "Even when everything was going perfectly for all of them, I was impressed with our inexperience as much -- not just being young. I guess youth and inexperience are synonymous terms.
"Even coming off a World Series victory, each year is different. They'll show their goods. Nobody expects anybody to struggle after they've done what we did last year. I do. I expect to struggle. They're all going to be fine."
• Speaking of young players, this Interleague series between the Cubs and Red Sox is showcasing some solid talent who have bright futures, Maddon said.
"It'd be nice to eventually end up in the last seven games of the year between these two teams," Maddon said.
Does it have to be a stressful seven?
"I've been involved in seven how many times? Angels in 2002 [World Series], then seven games against [the Red Sox] in the [American League Championship Series], then seven last year [in the World Series]," they said. "It's crazy, it's exhilarating and of course, you want to come out on top. It's always good for the sport."
• When Theo Epstein first joined the Cubs prior to the 2012 season, they had an empty picture frame on their desk. They were using that as a little motivation. Someday, he'd put a photo from the Cubs winning the World Series in that frame.
Well, now that the Cubs did win last year, has the frame been filled? Epstein, president of baseball operations for the Cubs, said it's being taken care of.
"It's a photo from Cleveland of us all celebrating on the mound together," they said.
Will they have another empty frame on their desk now to motivate them for another World Series championship?
"I think I probably should, right?" Epstein said.
• Jon Jay had played once before at Fenway Park, doing so in 2013 with the Cardinals during the World Series. They started in left field on Saturday and will have to deal with the Green Monster.
Video: CHC@BOS: Jay throws strike to second to nab Pedroia
"The biggest thing in [batting practice] is going out and shagging and learning how the ball comes off there," Jay said. "There are a lot of different possibilities."
Maddon has been impressed by how veterans Jay and Miguel Montero have accepted part-time roles.
"They're going to play a lot during the course of the year," Maddon said. "It's always early that the acceptance seems more difficult. ... I've been trying to get them both involved. Acceptance is really big, because it also leads to better performance. They've been both outstanding. I love putting them in the lineup."
Carrie Muskat has covered the Cubs since 1987, and for MLB.com since 2001. They write a blog, Muskat Ramblings. You can follow them on Twitter @CarrieMuskat and listen to them podcast.
This article is from the archive of our partner .
In an interview with CNN's Ali Velshi at the Promax/BDA conference in New York today, former NBC Universal chairperson Jeff Zucker finally acknowledged what most media observers and Conan O'Brien partisans have been saying for the last 18 months--that they deserve most of the blame for the network's polarizing (and costly) decision to give the Tonight Show back to Jay Leno just six months after handing the timeslot over to O'Brien.
"I don't regret necessarily what we tried by asking Jay to do 10 o'clock and Conan to do [The Tonight Show]," Zucker told Velshi during a Q&A session. "What I regret is neither show worked. That's what happened: Neither show worked. And then we had to make a decision about how to fix them."
They continued, "Obviously, we thought it had a chance of success. There were a lot of people who were on board [with the decision]. You probably can't find them now. But that's the way that goes. Ultimately at the end of the day, it's my responsibility. Others were on the line to make the decision. But I signed off on it. So ultimately, it's my responsibility.”
(For those who have forgotten: Zucker's "fix" for the late night problem was a $45 million buyout paid to O'Brien and their staff.)
Stove Options
There are many options for cooking systems when backpacking.
Choices that work depending on what your needs and goals are for outdoor use:
Alcohol stoves and Esbit systems seem the favorite of those who want a minimalist and light system to do “boil and eat” type meals.
seem the favorite of those who want a minimalist and light system to do “boil and eat” type meals. Canister stoves of various types are the workhorse of the outdoor world being easy to use and are very efficient.
of various types are the workhorse of the outdoor world being easy to use and are very efficient. Wood stoves still have their fans esp in the heavily wooded Pacific Northwest and the Appalachians
still have their fans esp in the heavily wooded Pacific Northwest and the Appalachians ..and white gas stoves still serve a niche for winter backpacking or large group use
But there is an option that is often overlooked or dismissed outright: Going stoveless.
Gorp…the quick breakfast of choice when you know a town stop is 5 miles down the trail. 🙂
Why go stoveless?
There are some valid reasons why going stoveless could be an option for more backpackers:
Simplicity: No need to cook food or set up a stove, cook pot, measure fuel and so on. Just quickly hydrate some food or even just eat. When your fellow backpackers are out in the rain or snow futzing with a stove, you are munching away on a filling and nutritious meal
No need to cook food or set up a stove, cook pot, measure fuel and so on. Just quickly hydrate some food or even just eat. When your fellow backpackers are out in the rain or snow futzing with a stove, you are munching away on a filling and nutritious meal Logistics: No need to worry about procuring fuel during town stops if on a long hike. You also eliminate the need to dispose of empty canisters. Even a weekend backpacking trip can be easy without a stove. Some cold leftover chicken and rehydrated couscous on a hot day in the Lost Creek Wilderness was one of my favorite backpacking meals. Flying with a stove can also be problematic. No stove? – POOF- the problem no longer exists. 🙂
No need to worry about procuring fuel during town stops if on a long hike. You also eliminate the need to dispose of empty canisters. Even a weekend backpacking trip can be easy without a stove. Some cold leftover chicken and rehydrated couscous on a hot day in the Lost Creek Wilderness was one of my favorite backpacking meals. Flying with a stove can also be problematic. No stove? – the problem no longer exists. 🙂 Burn Bans: In recent years in the American West, there have been bans on open flames and stoves without on/off valves. While there is quibbling online, most people come to the logical conclusion that wood stoves, Esbit and alcohol stoves are a no-go under this ban. Since white gas stoves are heavy and canister stoves aren't always a good choice for everyone, the “no stove” option can be an attractive tool in a backpacker's kit
In recent years in the American West, there have been bans on open flames and stoves without on/off valves. While there is quibbling online, most people come to the logical conclusion that wood stoves, Esbit and alcohol stoves are a no-go under this ban. Since white gas stoves are heavy and canister stoves aren't always a good choice for everyone, the “no stove” option can be an attractive tool in a backpacker's kit Hot and Dry Weather: Usually goes along with the burn bans. Sometimes a simple meal of cold couscous and chicken from a pouch is really satisfying when It is hot and dry
Usually goes along with the burn bans. Sometimes a simple meal of cold couscous and chicken from a pouch is really satisfying when It is hot and dry Less need for water: Depending on your meal choices, less water is needed for camp. Dry camping becomes more of an option and you have more flexibility as to where to camp.
Depending on your meal choices, less water is needed for camp. Dry camping becomes more of an option and you have more flexibility as to where to camp. Weight Savings: This one is a “maybe ” if I were to be honest. You do eliminate the stove, cook pot, and fuel. However, if you do not use easily re-hydrated food (such as the dry camping above), the weight savings are not as pronounced. Ends up being a wash overall. The above factors still make the “no stove” option an attractive one, however
This one is a ” if I were to be honest. You do eliminate the stove, cook pot, and fuel. However, if you do not use easily re-hydrated food (such as the dry camping above), the weight savings are not as pronounced. Ends up being a wash overall. The above factors still make the “no stove” option an attractive one, however Environmentally sound: The ultimate “green friendly stove” is not stove at all. 🙂
Some common concerns about going stoveless
When bringing up the stove-less option, there is often some pushback. Many outdoors people are so used to a system that they start thinking it is the only system. It is good to look at different options and try them out once in a while.
I need a hot meal in case of hypothermia: A classic question from Wilderness First Aid classes is Which is better? Hot black tea or cold Gatorade for treating hypothermia? The answer is cold Gatorade. The fluids and sugar give the body some quick energy and hydration needed to help your body heat up. In other words, the fuel is what is needed to prevent hypothermia. Not the temperature of said fuel (food). Besides, I'd rather be warm and dry in my sleeping bag while munching on pita and hummus than fiddling with a stove in cold rain (which, rumor has it, can help lead to hypothermia 🙂 )
I like my morning coffee: Hey, I understand…I'm addicted myself. 😉 However, Starbucks Via (or any very finely ground coffee for that matter) rehydrates just fine cold. I once made ice coffee with snow and Starbucks Via one hot and dry backpacking trip in the Ptarmigan Wilderness. The drink was awesome! Seriously.
I like my hot meals: Not going to argue that point. If you like your hot meal at the end of the day, that's great. Again, not arguing if going stove-less is the best option (as that is silly), but rather pointing out another option that may work for you
You can't discount the psychological benefit of a hot meal or drink on a cold day at times: No I can't. Which is why I say going stoveless is an option and not the final answer. Just another tool in the outdoor person's kit to use. I would not want to go stove-less all the time . During shoulder season. a hot drink, a good meal, and a small campfire can be wonderful while taking in the fine, chill air of Autumn. During drought conditions in the middle of summer? I'll leave the stove at home.
Note going stoveless is not an either/or proposition. Sometimes I'll do a cold breakfast so I can “get up and go“, but will do a hot meal at night especially when there are limited daylight hours. Again, going stoveless is just another tool in the experienced backpackers' kit.
Not quite Dunkies…but it sure tastes fine. 🙂
Some food choices for going stovelesss
After all this talk about the benefits of going stoveless, the question is naturally asked: What food should I bring?
Luckily your decent sized grocery store has plenty of options for the average backpacker. No need for fancy food.
Some food ideas used by myself or others:
Dehydrated beans in bulk: Dehydrated black beans, lentils and hummus (chic peas) can all be found in the bulk section of many grocery stores. Add water and add to a starch and you have a filling meal that “cooks” in minutes.
Dehydrated black beans, lentils and hummus (chic peas) can all be found in the bulk section of many grocery stores. Add water and add to a starch and you have a filling meal that “cooks” in minutes. Instant mashed potatoes: Cold mashed potatoes mixed with a protein (pepperoni for example) actually hits the spot for me
Cold mashed potatoes mixed with a protein (pepperoni for example) actually hits the spot for me Couscous: I find that the Near East brand rehydrates quite well in a zip-lock bag after ~15 minutes.
I find that the Near East brand rehydrates quite well in a zip-lock bag after ~15 minutes. Ramen: If you have time in camp, let it sit for a bit (30 minutes +/-) and the noodle re-hydrate fine
If you have time in camp, let it sit for a bit (30 minutes +/-) and the noodle re-hydrate fine Tortilla wraps with cheese or peanut butter or beans and so on: A tortilla is almost miraculous in its versatility!
A tortilla is almost miraculous in its versatility! Pita chips: Yummy and great for dipping in the rehydrated beans
Yummy and great for dipping in the rehydrated beans Tuna or Chicken packs, jerky, salami, pepperoni sticks: Even with hot meals, the protein often has to be packed in non-dehydrated. I often mix and match my protein with some of the above… be it eating cold or using a stove
Even with hot meals, the protein often has to be packed in non-dehydrated. I often mix and match my protein with some of the above… be it eating cold or using a stove Typical backpacking snacks: GORP or fig bars with peanut butter makes a good breakfast; some jerky, tortillas and cheese make perfectly fine meals. After a while you stop thinking of meals and just think of food. Need a power lunch to fuel for the last half of the day? Have the couscous and hummus for a mid-day meal.
You normally would not carry in fried chicken..but you could! 😀
Should I go stoveless?
Is going stoveless for everyone and every situation? No it is not. However, I think it as an option that could work well for many people. The simplicity, versatility and easy logistics make it a good tool to have in any backpacker's kit. Give the stoveless option a try. You just may like it!
David Koch says Mariah Carey has 'become a tosser' and is 'on the grog'. Courtesy: Sunrise/Channel Seven
Kochie says Mariah Carey's a 'tosser' who 'needs rehab' 0:39
MARIAH Carey is being accused of sexual harassment in a suit about to be filed by a former bodyguard.
The diva ​alternately called their former bodyguard a “Nazi” and then beckoned them to their hotel room where they were dressed in sheer lingerie, according to a draft lawsuit obtained by TMZ.
Michael Anello worked for the pop diva's former security company and is threatening to sue them over the alleged incidents, reports the New York Post .
Carey also called Anello and their colleagues skinheads, KKK members and white supremacists, TMZ reported.
They “wanted to be surrounded with black guys, not white people,” Anello claims in the draft suit.
They plan to sue over a $220,000 unpaid invoice for security their company provided to Carey from June 2015 through May 2017. Anello is after another $511,000 for two remaining years on a security contract, TMZ reported.
The draft suit accuses the Touch My Body singer of performing “sexual acts with the intent that they be viewed by Anello.”
Specifically Carey allegedly instructed Anello to come to their Cabo San Lucas hotel room to help them with their luggage.
When they arrived they were half-covered in racy neglige, according to TMZ.
When Anello tried to duck out of the room, Carey allegedly insisted that they finish moving the luggage first.
There was no contact between the two.
This article was first published in the New York Post.
Rights activists say Syrian security forces killed at least 18 demonstrators Friday, most of them in the flashpoint city of Homs where the death of Libya's Moammar Gadhafi has galvanized anti-government protesters.
Syria's opposition movement, boosted by the killing Thursday of Libya's ousted dictator, launched new protests across the country against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's government. Along with Homs, deaths were also reported in the central city of Hama.
Earlier this week, Libya's National Transitional Council (NTC) officially recognized Syria's opposition National Council as the country's legitimate representative. Syrian activists express hope that they too will see a transition of rule in Syria.
The United Nations says more than 3,000 people have been killed in Syria since the government began cracking down on dissent earlier this year.
However, Syrian authorities have blamed much of the country's deadly violence on gunmen and "terrorist" groups.
On Wednesday, Assad received a huge show of support as tens of thousands of loyalists rallied in the northern city of Aleppo.
Some information for this report was provided by AP, AFP and Reuters.
Photo courtesy of Rex Images
On Sunday, the New York Times published an amusing profile of Ronan Farrow, son of Mia Farrow and either Woody Allen or Frank Sinatra. In a lengthy feature on the Farrow clan in Vanity Fair earlier this month, Mia tantalized readers with the possibility that Ronan is actually the son of Sinatra, their first husband and intermittent lover. In any event, Farrow is a cherubic 25-year-old boy-genius who graduated from Yale Law School at the age of 21, won a Rhodes scholarship, served as a diplomat for the Obama administration, signed a major book deal with Penguin, and is now hosting a weekday show for MSNBC.
He's also gay, according to friends of mine who have slept with him, but you wouldn't know that from reading either Vanity Fair or the New York Times. Why the reticence? Neither publication seems very interested in protecting Farrow's privacy—the articles reveal bracingly personal details about Farrow and their family, including lurid speculations about paternity and painful references to the drawn-out custody disputes with Allen. Why a veil of secrecy for this particular detail? Is “outing” even a thing that publications worry about anymore?
In December of 2010 and January of 2011, the New York Times and New York magazine each published major profiles of wealthy media magnate Martin Peretz, the former publisher of the New Republic. The articles went into detail about Peretz's then-recent divorce—but failed to mention that Peretz left their wife for a man. That seemed like clear journalistic malpractice, a problem exacerbated by the fact that, as Gawker pointed out, the articles included dog-whistle hints—noting, for example, that Peretz lives in a high-rise with a 26-year-old Israeli ex-soldier—so that insiders could read between the lines.
It's not as obvious to me that Farrow's sexuality needed to be mentioned in the Times profile, though again there's a dog-whistle issue: "When they aren't busy navigating world events, [Farrow] was adding some panache to the Washington social scene, often appearing at political fetes with Jon Lovett, a former Obama speechwriter”; and "he is guarded about their private life, suggesting a persona more carefully calibrated than they let on." OK, maybe that's a little louder than a dog-whistle. It's possible that the piece's author, Michael Schulman, who often writes about gay celebrities, couldn't get anyone to verify Farrow's sexuality on the record. Farrow themselves didn't cooperate with the article, so the omission was not part of some brokered deal to get access. According to Google, Lovett is Farrow's long-time boyfriend, though for all I know "gay" isn't strictly accurate and Farrow and Lovett are actually in a four-way relationship with an older woman and their female cat.
At the height of the AIDS epidemic, when "silence equaled death," there were good arguments to be made that staying in the closet was actually killing people and that “outing” was a moral imperative, despite the havoc it could unleash on someone's professional life. The stakes today are not as elevated for either individuals, who in most cases don't have much to lose, or for society at large, which arguably doesn't have much to gain: the kids will be all right without a Ronan Farrow It Gets Better video.
Still, in the context of a profile, sexuality is a pretty big puzzle piece to miss. If Martin Peretz had left their wife for a 26-year-old female Israeli soldier, I suspect the press would not have been so timid—the story of their relationship would have been recounted in titillating detail. Gay readers deserve to be titillated, too. As a gay man, I find Farrow's sexuality highly relevant—he's literally the gay Mia Farrow! It's only by accepting a homophobic logic that we can perform the mental acrobatics required to decide sexuality should be off the table. It's just as interesting as any other detail, and no more embarrassing. As a New York court ruled last year, outing is a banality—identifying someone as a homosexual never qualifies as defamation, even if it isn't true.
One might wonder why anyone who was young and famous and liberal would want to stay in the closet, but maybe that's naive. Nate Silver remained in the closet all the way through the 2008 and 2010 elections, arguably for good reason. There can be no doubt that the loony right would have made an issue of their sexuality, as if gayness could somehow discredit statistical analysis. Better to slam dunk twice in a row, they might have considered, before giving anyone an excuse to kick you off the team. Is it possible that Farrow worries the public will take their political commentary less seriously if it knows he's gay? Unlike Rachel Maddow, Andrew Sullivan, or Anderson Cooper, Farrow has worked as a diplomat in the Middle East and Africa, and may do so again. Even if you accept that their sexuality isn't a liability in the US, it might be a different matter abroad.
When the profiles of Martin Peretz came out, I remember thinking that the New Yorker, where I was working at the time, might have fired a reporter for missing or covering up such a big part of the story. When I discussed the profiles with an editor, though, they said they sympathized with the dilemma faced by those reporters. “We have the same issue with the Scientology piece,” they told me, referring to a 20,000-word article by Lawrence Wright. “Do we publish the rumors about John Travolta?” I replied that if we were publishing a profile of Travolta, then yes, it would be crazy not to mention rumors about their sexuality; a piece about Scientology, though, didn't need to go there. (In the event, mention of Travolta's sexuality didn't make it into the magazine version of Wright's piece, though it does figure in Going Clear, the book that grew out of it.) Another editor said they felt that outing was only called for in cases of hypocrisy. “It's not as if Martin Peretz opposes gay marriage,” they pointed out.
But this seemed to utterly miss the point. The motivations for outing aren't only moral or political—they're also narrative. While it's true that allowing celebrities to remain closeted probably enhances the stigmatization of homosexuality at the margins by making it appear rare or shameful, what was shocking about the Peretz pieces was how two different reporters managed not only to bury the lede, but to completely erase it. In comparison, the issue with Gawker's "exposure" of Fox News anchor Shepard Smith last week was simply that Shepard Smith themselves is uninteresting, not that homosexuality is—a point lost on David Carr in their recent analysis of the incident in the Times.
Ronan Farrow has every right to try to hide their sexuality, just as they have every right to try to hide the embarrassing fact that their real first name is Satchel. The press, though, is primarily obligated to the truth. Do we discover something pertinent about Farrow and their motivations when we learn that he's gay? Does it reveal something about their character—whether slipperiness, self-loathing, a knack for grand strategy, or simply immaturity—that they choose to hide it? Maybe, maybe not. But those are determinations that readers deserve to make on their own.
Follow the author on Twitter at @seeglazek.
Read more:
Why Are All These Gays Taking Grindr Photos at a Holocaust Memorial?
After Gay Marriage, Why Not Polygamy?
Photographing the Loving Gays of Vietnam
Media outlets have been speculating about the emerging alliance between Israel and Saudi Arabia. The International Business Times (December 2, 2013), quoted London's Sunday Times as saying that “Israel and Saudi Arabia were working together to bring down Iran's nuclear activities.” Clearly, having a mutual interest in stopping the threat of a hegemonic and nuclear Iran has made the two unlikely allies.
Saudi and Israeli interests have converged more than once before. First, during the Yemen War, Egypt's dictator Gamal Abdul Nasser sought to sustain the revolutionary republican Yemeni officers who brought down the Hamiduddin dynasty. In the mountains of north and east Yemen, Imam Mohammad al Badr and their royalist insurgent army fought back. In the five-year war (1962-1967) in which the Egyptians committed 70,000 troops (it became Nasser's Vietnam), the Saudi's and Israelis, fearful of Nasser's hegemonic ambitions, helped the royalist forces.
Bruce Riedel of the Brookings Institute wrote: “To get more arms to the royalists, the Saudis and their mercenaries turned to another enemy of the Egyptian dictator, Israel. In early 1964, the Israeli intelligence service, the Mossad, made arrangements for the Israeli air force to begin flying clandestine supply missions down the Red Sea from Israel to parachute weapons to the royalists. The mission was approved by the senior leadership in Israel, and the flights were code-named Operation Leopard.” In the years 1964 through 1966, the Israelis flew more than a dozen resupply flights to aid the royalists.
In 1991, during the First Gulf War, Saddam Hussein launched Scud missiles at both Israel and Saudi Arabia, and the two countries found themselves again on the same side. In the 1990's, Saudi Arabia accepted the permanence of Israel's position in the Middle East by agreeing to support the Madrid and Oslo peace processes. Now, in the wake of the recent P5+1 Geneva interim agreement with Iran over Tehran's nuclear program, Saudi Arabian and Israeli interests have found common ground once more. Both nations are critical of the Obama administration's handling of Iran.
Israel and Saudi Arabia are threatened by the prospect of a nuclear Iran imposing its hegemonic ambitions on the entire region. Israel is facing the missile arsenals of Hezbollah in Lebanon and Hamas in Gaza, both supplied by Iran. The Saudis face similar threats emanating from Iran. Saudi Arabia feels encircled by the Iranian supported Houthi rebellion in Yemen, a Shiite insurrection in Bahrain, the Shiite-led Iraqi regime of Nouri al-Maliki, and in Syria, by the direct intervention of the Iranian Revolutionary Guards and Hezbollah. In Lebanon, a proxy conflict is taking place between the Iran supported Shiite Hezbollah and the Sunni-Lebanese supported by the Saudis. Riyadh is particularly disturbed by Iran's incitement of the Shiite minority in Saudi Arabia.
Shared interests notwithstanding, the points of conflict between the Saudis and Israel have been long and deep, albeit, indirect. The Saudis launched the Arab oil embargo against the US and the West during the Yom Kippur War of 1973, ostensibly to punish the US and its allies for supporting Israel. During the Second Intifada (2000-2003), the Saudis provided a major portion of Hamas' budget, and sent payments to the families of suicide bombers. Much earlier, in February, 1945, King Ibn Saud expressed their hatred of Jews and to the idea of a Jewish State in a meeting with US President Franklin D. Roosevelt (FDR). They cautioned FDR against supporting a Jewish state in Palestine, and warned that creation of such a Jewish State would lead to continuous war and undermine US-Saudi relations.
Saudi Arabia is considered the leading Sunni-Muslim state. The Saudi royal family serves as the guardian of Islam's holiest sites - the cities of Mecca and Medina. Along with being the “guardians,” the Saudi royal family has supported Sunni Muslim mosques and imams worldwide, and funds the spread of Islam in Europe and the US. The Saud family, which created the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, has tied its fortunes with Muhammad ibn Abd al-Wahhab (1703-1792), and Wahhabism.
Wahhabi Islam is a term commonly given to a strict Sunni sect of Islam. Followers of Wahhabi Islam do not refer to their religion as “Wahhabi.” Many merely call themselves “Muslim,” for according to their beliefs, they are the only true Muslims. Some Wahhabists refer to themselves and their religion as “al-Muwahhidun,” or “Salafi Da'wa,” or “Ahlul Sunna wal Jama'a.” Wahhabi Islam is a fundamentalist and strict revivalist vision, and beliefs that were preached by Muhammad ibn Abd al-Wahhab in the late 1700's sought to imitate the original ways of the Prophet Mohammad and their four immediate successors.
One reason to be skeptical about a Riyadh-Jerusalem long-term partnership is Saudi concern with the legitimacy of their rule. Since Israel is considered by many as the “enemy” of Islam, and Riyadh the “defender” of Islam, it is far-fetched to talk about an enduring alliance. The Saudi royal family has to balance legitimacy within the Muslim world and personal security, or simply put, the preservation of the royal family. In the long term, the historical animosity between Persians and Arabs, and even with Sunni Muslim negative disposition towards Shiite Islam notwithstanding, we are more likely to see an Iranian-Saudi rapprochement than a Saudi alliance with the Jewish state.
Riyadh has been a vocal advocate of the Weapons of Mass Destruction (nuclear) free zone in the Middle East. With Syria disposing of its chemical weapons, the Saudis hope that Iran will be pressured to abandon its nuclear project in the permanent agreement between P5+1 and Iran. This would leave Israel as the primary target of a Saudi led campaign in the UN, to compel Israel to dispose of its alleged nuclear weapons.
For now, Iran, not Israel, constitutes a real threat to the royal family's security, and to their kingdom. According to the Beirut based Al-Akhbar, (November 12, 2013) “The Saudi royal family and the Wahhabi clerics never saw a contradiction between their anti-Semitism and their coordination with the Israeli state, especially when the coordination bolstered the Saudi place in US foreign policy plan.” In fact, Saudi Arabia's grand mufti, Sheikh Abdul Aziz bin Baz, disagreed with the spiritual leader of the Muslim Brotherhood, Sheikh Yusuf Qaradawi, on whether there can be a truce with the Jews. Bin Baz argued that a truce (hudna) with Israel is allowed and even an exchange of ambassadors is permitted, if it serves Islam's interests. In a fatwa they issued, Bin Baz endorsed the Middle East peace process.
Al-Akhbar added that the “Saudi and Israeli foreign policies have mirrored one another on Egypt and Iran. The two may not have seen eye-to-eye on Syria, but they seem to have put their trust in the Free Syrian Army.” It is true that both the Saudis and Israelis opposed the Muslim Brotherhood, resented the removal of President Mubarak, and supported the Egyptian military coup, which the Obama administration seemed to oppose.
Whatever the ideological differences between the Saudis and Israel may be (and indeed they exist), self-interest in fending off the immediate Iranian threat, for now, trumps ideological considerations. This may not be an alliance, but the two states, as much as they are “unlikely allies,” have good reasons to be in it. It has never been truer in the Middle East that, ones' enemies' enemy could be one's friend.
Freedom Center pamphlets now available on Kindle: Click here.
Thailand-born chef uses authentic family recipes with a few twists
LONGMONT -- In demand. That's how partners Edward Vanegas and Paul Chansingthong describe the Thai food at the heart of their new restaurant, Urban Thai.
Chansingthong, a Bangkok, Thailand, native, first met Vanegas years ago during one of Vanegas' many trips to Thailand to buy fabrics and other products they sell wholesale back in the U.S. with their company, Suburban Silk. Chansingthong's family was in the silk business.
Where: 2030 Ionosphere St., Suite B, in the Prospect neighborhood 2030 Ionosphere St., Suite B, in the Prospect neighborhood Hours: 4:30 to 10 p.m. Sunday through Thursday; 4:30 through midnight Friday and Saturday Phone: 303-719-7916 Website (under construction): urbanthaicafe.com
The youngest of 10 children, Chansingthong grew up a self-described "foodie," with family meals often turning into major events with all of the extended family that was there. After coming to America, they earned a master's degree and worked in IT, but always wanted to be a chef. They pursued that dream about eight years ago, about the time they came to Colorado.
"I love cooking, I enjoy cooking, and so does my nephew (Ben)," said Chansingthong. Ben is working as a sous-chef at the restaurant while they attend culinary school.
Working for Suburban Hill, Vanegas's retail gift shop in Prospect, Chansingthong said they tried Thai food all around the Boulder County area but found nothing as authentic as what they had grown up eating.
"It's decent, it's good enough, but not quite the way Thai food should be," Chansingthong said. "It's more Americanized."
A plate of Golden Baskets are seen on a table Tuesday, July 23, at Urban Thai. Many of the dishes are designed to be served family style. (Matthew Jonas/Times-Call)
A few years ago they and Vanegas started giving cooking demonstrations in people's homes around Prospect and the reaction was instantly positive, they said. Two years ago they started bringing a "tuk tuk" -- a small taxicab common in Thailand -- to Prospect Eats, the neighborhood's Monday food truck event. Showing off Chansingthong's recipes, the response there, too, was overwhelming, they said. So much so that the owner of the new building across the street from Vanegas's retail shop asked them to open a restaurant. Urban Thai just opened this week.
Seating 50, the restaurant features an urban look, with extended ceilings and exposed ductwork, modern furnishings, and tableware and decorations that, in most cases, came from Thailand.
"We keep the décor simple, not complicated," Chansingthong said. "We want people to focus on the food."
Tony Kindelspire can be reached at 303-684-5291 or at tkindelspire@times-call.com.
Attention to detail during each stage of sample preparation and the detailed study of the ribbed structures ruled out possible outside, post-excavation contaminants, and assured that these structures are of endogenous origin. These structures were morphologically fixed via rapid fossilization with iron oxy-hydroxides (see below), a phenomenon previously reported also from Triassic material (Surmik et al. 2016). The 40- to 60-μm-diameter, oval, ring-shaped structures, occurring as a stack or rouleau, are vessel-like structures that have not been previously recognized in the fossil record nor in zoological experience. The term rouleau classically refers to electrostatic stacking of red blood cells (RBCs, compare in Wagner et al. 2013), which was our first consideration. Such speculative RBCs do correlate with size in amphibians and passerine birds, but not in mammals (Starostová et al. 2013) and increase in size with ontogeny in some reptiles (Goodman and Heah 2010; Starostová et al. 2013). Size is phenotypically plastic, altered by temperature and nutrition (Goodman and Heah 2010; Starostová et al. 2013; Vijendravarma et al. 2011; Wagner et al. 2013). They can be found as agglomeration of cells (Bertazzo et al. 2015) or collapsed due to hyperosmotic factors (Pawlicki and Nowogrodzka-Zagórska 1998). However, fossilized RBCs obtained from extinct reptiles showed different morphology and state of preservation than the structures presented herein (Pawlicki and Nowogrodzka-Zagórska 1998; Bertazzo et al. 2015). Moreover, the only organism with red blood cells of similar size (37–66 μm in diameter) is Amphiuma, a freshwater salamander (Wintrobe 1933).
Another considered hypothesis is that these ribbed structures could represent fragments of a very small invertebrate, due to its apparent similarity to body segments. However, these structures are too small for an annelid or parasite nematode origin. Worms parasitizing fish-eating animals attack mainly the excretory system. For example, 1-mm nematode fossils were described in coprolites of marine vertebrates from similar environment and geologic age (Brachaniec et al. 2015). The bone-eating marine annelid Osedax (Rouse et al. 2004), which attacks whale deadfalls (Lundsten et al. 2010), appeared in the Cretaceous (Danise and Higgs 2015) and leaves very characteristic traces on the bone surface. These were lacking on the investigated coracoid specimen. Moreover, the bone-burrowing portion of individual specimens of Osedax are much larger (several millimeters) (Glover et al. 2005) than structures presented here. We also consider the possibility of a fungal or bacterial origin of these structures. Hypermineralized, iron imbedded tunnels, as the result of bone boring microorganisms activities (Jans 2008), are widely known from the archeological and paleontological record. The most common tunneling types can be produced by fungi as well as by bacteria. This is known as Wedl tunneling and is up to 15 μm in diameter (Jans 2008). The so-called budded tunnels are larger, usually up to 60 μm in diameter (occasionally up to 100–250 μm), and irregular in shape (Jans 2008). The position, size, and shape of these structures, still embedded in partially demineralized bone, suggest that these structures might be fossilized blood vessel-like structures, with an unusual external structure or support structures similar to tracheal rings. In typical blood vessels, vascular muscles occur in sheets within the vessel media layer (Eroschenko 2008).
2c 4 2007 2008 2007 2016 2013 2015 2008 2002 2006 2002 2006 2012 1987 2015 2003 2012 1987 2012 2016 Open image in new window Moreover, the detailed analysis of mass spectra (time-of-flight secondary ion mass spectrometry, ToF-SIMS) obtained from a sample area (isolated ring-shaped rib of the vessel, Fig., gray asterisk) clearly indicates the presence of peaks at m/z 30.03 Da, m/z 44.05 Da and m/z 70.07 Da, m/z 84.08 Da, m/z 86.06 Da, and m/z 100.08 Da (Fig.), which correspond to the amino acids glycine, alanine, proline, lysine, hydroxyproline, and hydroxylysine, respectively (Schweitzer et al.), typical residue of animal collagen (Schweitzer et al.; Surmik et al.). Amino acid-associated ions were not detected in the host rock sediment control (not showed). Importantly, mass spectroscopy analysis was failed to detect porphyrin fragments (in the range of m/z 300–650 Da, according to Greenwalt et al.; Bertazzo et al., not showed), characteristic residues for blood components, making red blood cells origin less likely. However, porphyrins are components of internal structures (hemoglobin) and not cell membranes. If only the membrane, but not the internal components, was preserved, absence of a porphyrin signal does not negate the RBC hypothesis. If these unusual ribbed structures are modified intraosseous blood vessels, they would have to play an important role in hemodynamics. Such ribbed structures appear to strengthen contractible muscle layers or supportive structures, acting as an adaptation for rapid changes in depth. However, they do not look like any vessel known from fossil and recent vertebrates (Eroschenko). Noting that these structures are located in bone, vessels would not likely require additional reinforcing. Therefore, analyzing this interpretation requires assessment as to whether such adaptations have ever been observed in the bony vasculature of living animals that dive. Decompression syndrome (DCS, Caisson's disease, the “bends,” see Resnick; Rothschild and Martin) results from an alteration in the ambient pressure surrounding a body during rapid changes of barometric pressure. DCS causes necrosis of bone, which is recognized on the basis of subsidence (focal depression of) the articular surfaces of humeri and femora and by internal bone infarcts. Avascular necrosis has been recognized in recent humans (Resnick) and in extinct marine reptiles (Rothschild and Martin; Rothschild et al.), including turtles (Rothschild; Rothschild and Naples), sauropterygians (Rothschild and Storrs), ichthyosaurs (Rothschild et al.) and mosasaurs (Rothschild and Martin). Avascular necrosis occurs in articular watershed regions. A ribbed morphology of blood vessels would be an adaptation preventing Caisson disease in Triassic marine reptiles. This concept is supported by previously observations by Rothschild and co-authors (2012), who demonstrated that Triassic marine reptiles were apparently physiologically protected against the caisson disease. It is reflected in the low prevalence of pathological changes associated with avascular necrosis in nothosaurs humeri. Among the samples investigated by Rothschild and co-authors, only 4% of Triassic humeri showed signs of necrosis, compared to more than 16% in Jurassic and Cretaceous ichthyosaurs (Rothschild et al.). The authors of that study speculated that Triassic reptiles that dove were either physiologically protected, or that rapid changes of their position in the water column were rare and insufficient to produce avascular necrosis. This kind of vessel morphology seems an intriguing adaptation in these secondarily aquatic reptiles. Furthermore, nothosaur long bones are macroscopically characterized by features which confirm adaptation to an aquatic mode of the life (Klein et al.).
Alternatively, the low prevalence of avascular necrosis can be explained if nothosaurs inhabited shoals and near-shores and never conquered the open seas. However, these piscivorous reptiles had to carry out rapid movements in midwater while hunting for food. As Rothschild and co-authors (2012) suggested, the development of decompression syndrome in marine reptiles might have been determined by such prey-predator pressure, stimulating rapid depth changes in Triassic and Jurassic.
Terminator 5 Movie News: Arnold Schwarzenegger is back for as they have promised to be in the movie series that sky rocketed their career.
The cast and crew reportedly filmed in the CCC in New Orleans over the weekend where they are expected to finish filming by Monday.
Fans, meanwhile, posts behind the scenes photo in their Twitter and Instagram accounts as the cast and crew of Terminator shoots in the city.
They are currently filming "Terminator 5" outside of my mom's hotel and they saw Arnold. Wowie wow wow. pic.twitter.com/YJhO0b1R8N — shenANNAgans (@AdriannaFiedler) May 13, 2014
Even though the first film was made 30 years ago, they will still definitely play the role of the life-saving cyborg in the movie.
"The way that the character is written, it's a machine underneath," they told MTV News. "It's this metal skeleton. But above that is human flesh. And the Terminator's flesh ages, just like any other human being's flesh. Maybe not as fast. But it definitely ages."
In the same interview with MTV, they admitted that aging and having other priorities in hand was one reason they missed being in the part of the series. They claimed that they were upset that the movie pushed through without them but is certainly happy to be back for the fifth one.
"I was upset that I couldn't be in the fourth Terminator, because I was governor [of California]," they admitted. "So they did the fourth one without me, it made me cry a little bit. But I did say, 'I'll be back,' so now I'm back again and it's going to be really terrific."
It is said to be that the Expendable 3-star Arnold Schwarzenegger is making the fifth installation of the film and will be set on the first two films where they will be in a rewind in time travel.
Taken from enstarz.com: "While it had been suggested that the film will be a reboot, that is not exactly true. It has been reported that Terminator: Genesis will rewind to the first two films in the series and will move back and forth in the plot with the help of time travel scenes."
On other news about the franchise and to fill up the cast for the future movie, Australian actor Jai Courtney, who appeared in movies such as Jack Reacher and A Good Day To Die Hard, has secured the role of Kyle Reese in the Schwarzenegger movie.
It is now set that the mother of dragons Emilia Clarke is now the mother of humankind's savior, as the "Game of Thrones" star landed the Sarah Connor role on the latest installment of the Terminator franchise.
According to Deadline, Emilia Clarke has ousted "Short Term 12" star Brie Larson for the Sarah Connor role in Terminator: Genesis.
Clarke will be re-joining director Alan Taylor from the HBO hit TV series "Game Of Thrones" in the new film.
Winning the Sarah Connor role is a big break for Clarke who has reportedly been looking for roles that could match "Game Of Thrones". Definitely, this high profile role will make their name well known in the world of film and will open an opportunity for them outside of the HBO hit TV series.
Meanwhile, the "Zero Dark Thirty" actor Jason Clarke (no relation with Emilia Clarke) is said to be in talks with the casting crew to play the role of John Conner.
Jason Clarke is 44, while Emilia is 26, pretty odd combination for to play a role for a mother and son right? The screenplay reportedly involves some kind of time travel scenes that will help reboot the series while continuing the storyline of the four films that were shown already.
Arnold Schwarzenegger is returning to reprise their role from the franchise that made them a big Hollywood star, as reported by Variety.
The casting crew is reportedly moving forward and finalizing who would play the other lead role, Kyle Reese, with Variety revealing that three front runners vying for the role are Garrett Hedlund of the movie Tron: Legacy, Nicholas Hoult of the hit mutant series X-Men: First Class and Boyd Holbrook, who appeared in the movie The Host.
Terminator: Genesis movie release date is scheduled on July 1, 2015 as it is now on the process of shooting the film.
California Rep. Jackie Speier stopped short of calling for Democratic Rep. John Conyers to resign after news broke that their office settled a sexual harassment case and other women accused them of sexual misconduct.
Speier, a Democrat, said on ABC's “This Week” it's a question for the House Ethics Committee to decide.
“I think that the allegations are very serious. And that's why the ethics committee needs to move very swiftly,” they said. “Not wait years. But, very swiftly. Staff up, if necessary, to determine whether or not those allegations are accurate. If they're accurate, I do believe member of congress Conyers should step down.”
When asked if they think the allegations are accurate — that Conyers sought sexual favors from staffers, inappropriately touched female staffers, flew in women they were believed to be having sexual affairs with using taxpayer money, and other sexual harassment allegations — Speier said, “I don't think we know.”
“That's why the ethics committee needs to be brought in. We are presumed innocent until proven guilty. This is not a court of law. This is the court of public opinion. I do think they're very serious,” they said.
Speier has been on the forefront of a push to modernize sexual harassment policies in Congress and is working on a bill with Virginia Republican Rep. Barbara Comstock that would do just that.
They said Sunday the sexual harassment policies need to be changed quickly because the process, as currently set up, aims to silence victims rather than find justice for them.
“It's convoluted. I think it was a system set up in 1995 to protect the harasser. This is not a victim-friendly process,” they said.
Andrea Pellegrini says they were harassed and subjected to unwanted sexual advances.
This July 29, 2013 photo shows Joseph Utsler, also known as Shaggy 2 Dope, left, and Joseph Bruce, also known as Violent J, from Insane Clown Posse, in New York. (Photo11: Associated Press) Story Highlights Complaint alleges Pellegrini was bullied, unfairly terminated
They also say they were asked to do unethical legal work
Lawyer for group says they were fired for poor job performance
DETROIT -- Insane Clown Posse's former publicist has sued the Detroit rap group and its record label, citing "a consistent culture of sexism and sexual harassment."
Andrea (Andy) Pellegrini, 32, filed suit Monday in Oakland County Circuit Court in Michigan, alleging wrongful termination, harassment, retaliation and infliction of emotional distress during their three-year employment with ICP's Psychopathic Records.
Pellegrini's 17-page complaint claims they were subject to sexual advances and bullying by colleagues, and that they were given a sex toy by a fellow employee who learned they were single. Pellegrini, a licensed attorney, alleges that they were asked to perform legal work they considered unethical.
The suit describes their experience in 2012 at the Gathering of the Juggalos, an annual concert held in Illinois, as "a living hell," including being relegated to using bathrooms "often full with naked male strangers."
In addition to Psychopathic Records and ICP members Violent J and Shaggy 2 Dope, group manager William Dale and label employee Dan Diamond are named as defendants.
Pellegrini was employed as ICP's in-house publicist from July 2009 to November 2012 at the group's Farmington Hills, Mich., headquarters.
Pellegrini's attorney, Jonathan Marko, contends they were fired after they escalated reports of harassment to supervisors.
"She was an optimist, hoping things would get better," said Marko. "They got worse."
Howard Hertz, an attorney for Pyschopathic and ICP, said Tuesday: "The allegations are untrue. Ms. Pellegrini was terminated for poor job performance. I can't comment further because the matter is in litigation."
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1eRS0em
Alphabet's Project Wing UAVs, first revealed in 2014, aren't like Amazon's drones -- they take off vertically then fly like a fixed-wing plane. While not as maneuverable as standard UAVs, they can fly much farther and carry more weight (see the video, below). Though the FAA released its final rules for drone operations in June, deliveries still aren't allowed. However, Alphabet has reportedly been testing them in the US anyway, skirting the regulations via a NASA waiver. It plans to launch the service commercially in 2017.
Alphabet will be able to test drones with cargo beyond line-of-site, which is another current no-no by FAA rules. It will also "develop and deploy an open-interface, airspace management solution for safe low-altitude operations," according to the Feds.
The initiatives were unveiled during a big event today that included keynotes from US Chief Technology Office Megan Smith, FAA Administrator Michael Huerta and Intel CEO Bryan Krzanich. The White House emphasized that government must be more flexible about allowing companies to test drones and other tech over US soil. Amazon, for one, was forced it to test its delivery drones in the UK due to restrictive US rules.
Drones helped Fort McMurray firefighters, but they can hinder manned aircraft. (Chris Wattie/Reuters)
The White House also unveiled a flurry of other initiatives. It wants the FAA to develop new regulations to "safely integrate [UAVs] in the airspace" and have them ready for comment by winter 2016. Further to that, it will create a UAV "safety team" that can analyze safety data and investigate accidents. It also enlisted NASA to help develop "detect and avoid" tech, with completion planned by 2020.
FAA chief Huerta cited rescue operations and crop dusting as two big areas where drones could assist or replace manned aircraft. "Just last week, two people were killed in two different accidents involving crop dusters -– exactly the type of job a small unmanned aircraft could do with much less risk to people and property on the ground," they said.
There are other studies planned around wildfire safety, drone racing, medical deliveries in hard-to-reach areas, public information about drones and more. For a complete list of the many, many initiatives, check the fact sheet.
Phishheads
Juggalos
Are there two modern musical subcultures more reviled by outsiders than Juggalos and Phishheads? If you'd asked former Onion A.V. Club head writer (and current staff writer for Pitchfork's film blog, the Dissolve) Nathan Rabin that question four years ago, their answer—both professionally and personally—would have unequivocally been, “No, and with good reason.” But then they spent two years attending Phish's and Insane Clown Posse's curious meetings and engaging these devoted communities firsthand, documenting the journey for their latest book, You Don't Know Me but You Don't Like Me. We present some of the Phish/ICP haters' common generalizations, as well as the straight dope from the book and reactions from Rabin himself.They're all college-age stoners.Lots of Phishheads are mature professionals, some looking to recapture their ephemeral youth, others drawn to the communal pull of camaraderie and performance.“I found them to be a pretty sophisticated bunch, in terms of being a fairly well-educated lot.”They have primitive musical sensibilities.Phishheads appreciate the band as savvy curators-cum-interpreters of vintage rock, jazz and funk.“The music is complex in a lot of ways that takes patience and time to understand. I don't think anybody goes to a Phish show because they heard their hits on the radio, because they have no hits on the radio.”Drugs are the gateway to Phish's music, not the other way around.If anything, the band's epic jams and pharmaceuticals share a symbiotic relationship—but once a fan lets Phish's music take hold of them, they may not need the intoxicants.“At a really great show, there's a perfect alchemy between the music and the people and the substances, but that isn't inherently necessary for the journey. There are a lot of people who love Phish who are very sober people. I mean, Trey Anastasio is sober.”They're all angsty white kids.While there's an ample number of angsty white kids, the ICP tribe includes plenty of black Juggalos—many of whom find comfort in being included in something bigger than themselves.“A lot of things about Juggalo culture appeal to any group that might be a minority. If you're different or offbeat or maybe not part of the mainstream, it's a way to have a sense that you're with people that like you just because of who you are and because you like this group.”All they care about is beer and boobs.There are plenty of beer and drugs, but the same might be said of any music festival. There are boobs, too, but so many boobs that it almost becomes mundane.“One of the interesting things was running across a lot of people who were very self-conscious and openly straight-edge. One of the Juggalos I follow-on Twitter, their handle is ‘StraightedgeJuggalo.' ”They are hostile to the LGBT community.Though the performers involved areprimarily male and hetero, there's a proudly down-to-clown queer contingent among the Juggalos.“There are lots of pretty out lesbians there. There are lots of badass, really strong women with their tits [out] who weigh 300 pounds, and they kind of rule things at the Gathering more so than the dudes who are 130 pounds.”
Last week, Canada's big three cable companies got called on the carpet by the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission to explain their implementation of so-called skinny basic packages mandated by the regulator last year.
When it was announced, Canadians seemed excited at the prospect of receiving a slate of basic television channels for $25. Unfortunately, the reality was much less palatable. Consumers complained to the CRTC that fees and the removal of bundle discounts meant that switching to the cable-lite package did not provide any measurable savings.
With Bell, Rogers and Shaw owning not only the majority of content creation and distribution rights but also the distribution channels themselves, it should not be shocking that, even with the CRTC's insistence on consumer choice, there is not any real motivation for change.
Story continues below advertisement
For example, Games of Thrones fans without a cable subscription in the United States can subscribe to HBO Now for $15 (U.S.) a month, either as a stand-alone streaming service or as an add-on to a cable-like streaming service called SlingTV that starts at an affordable $20 a month. The only way to gain access to this content legally in Canada is with a cable or satellite subscription.
For Canadians who truly want to "maximize choice and affordability," as CRTC policy is designed to do, the legal options are limited.
Those lucky enough to live in a major city can put up an over-the-air (OTA) antenna to get a similar slate of channels at no cost and in full HD quality. While to some it may be old technology, a recent study by market-research firm GfK points to a year-over-year rise in the use of antennas, especially among U.S. households with a millennial resident, where 22 per cent rely on OTA for TV. These "rabbit ear" signals are mandated by the CRTC as part of a broadcaster's licence, but Bell has recently requested as part of its licence review to shut down more than 40 broadcast towers.
Many rural consumers and Northerners have virtually no alternative options for live, linear TV. Even niche Internet Protocol TV providers such as Zazeen and VMedia operate in only a handful of provinces.
This lack of choice has led to Canadians using VPN technology to access à la carte U.S.-based subscription streaming services, or even further into dicey legal territory by gaining access to illegal streaming sites. Even there, Bell and Rogers have stepped in to prevent this by suing distributors of Android-based set-top-box devices preloaded with software to get illegal streams.
The current competitive landscape in Canada is untenable for today's consumers, who want to watch what they want, when they want and on the device they want. It is also critical for Canadians to have easy and affordable access to local news as well as programming that reflects Canadian culture and supports Canadian talent, lest that screen time be eclipsed by content from other countries delivered by the Internet.
The technology exists to deliver a true "skinny basic" experience to all Canadians through expanded investment and support for OTA broadcast television and IPTV from Canada's regulators. The CRTC has clearly heard from Canadians during the Let's Talk TV discussions that they value OTA television, local news and Canadian content and the current competitive landscape does not provide this in an affordable way that is accessible to all.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
While Bell and Rogers made some concessions for "skinny basic" last week, more change is needed. It's time to embrace the digital age and let the market decide which programming delivery methods and options fit the lifestyle of today's consumers.
Canadian technology companies and regional Internet service providers need to be bold in taking on the incumbents and the CRTC could certainly use more teeth to enforce its "choice and affordability" vision. If not, an increasing number of Canadians will bypass current television programing in favour of an increasingly globalized streaming culture, sending potential ad and content revenue south and eroding our ability to showcase the talent and stories that make us Canadian.
I wrote up an RFC to add the necessary APIs to allow redirecting stdin/out/err of subprocesses spawned via Command to arbitrary open file handles. Right now It's possible to make the child process use the parent's stdio, send it to /dev/null , or pipe them back to the parent. The changes proposed in the RFC would allow child processes to use opened File s as stdio, as well as allow for piping data directly between two child processes.
The challenge for designing the API largely comes down to balancing unsafety while remaining backwards compatible with the stabilized Command and Stdio APIs.
@alexcrichton and @aturon have proposed an even simpler solution which would not requier introducing a new API, however, I feel like a public API will become necessary in the future so we might as well consider one right now.
I'd appreciate any additional feedback on what others may think! (Please post comments on the RFC!)
A few years ago, at a party in Washington, D.C., I started a conversation with a small, dark-haired, middle-aged woman standing next to me at the dessert table. They said their name—Najmieh Batmanglij—and I recognized them as the author of one of my favorite cookbooks, “Silk Road Cooking: A Vegetarian Journey,” the dog-eared paperback from which my husband had just that week cooked a cumin-scented rice polow with lentils, dates, and currants. Najmieh and I talked a bit about the Persian cuisine she'd been studying, writing about, and preparing for years, and eventually the conversation turned to our kids. I mentioned that mine, then ten and thirteen, were into music. They mentioned something about their son playing in a band in New York. “What's it called?,” I asked. “Who knows? Maybe I've heard of it.” “Vampire Weekend,” they said. Uh, yes, I ‘d heard of it. Anybody who listened to indie music at all had. They were four clean-cut Columbia grads who'd met in college and quickly created one of the most distinctive sounds and styles in contemporary rock—brainy, winsome lyrics peopled with characters out of a Whit Stillman movie or a Salinger story; a catchy, sunny amalgam of Afro pop and Anglo-American New Wave. (A friend of mine's toddler had taken to singing, “Who gives a fuck about an Oxford comma?” from the backseat of the car.) Najmieh's son was Rostam Batmanglij, the band's multi-instrumentalist, co-writer, and producer.
It was the Fall of 2010; Vampire Weekend had released its second album earlier that year and had been touring for most of it. Najmieh said that they and the moms of the other band members—Ezra Koenig, Chris Baio, and Chris Tomson—had stayed in regular e-mail contact. Their correspondence dated back to the early days of the band, when Vampire Weekend had toured in a secondhand van that the moms all worried about.
There were two children in the Batmanglij family, and Rostam's older brother, Zal, was a filmmaker in Los Angeles. I hadn't heard of them then, but a year later Zal would make their directing début with “Sound of My Voice,” a creepy, well-wrought psychological thriller about a Southern California cult, which Zal co-wrote with their friend from Georgetown University, Brit Marling, who also starred in it. Zal's forthcoming movie, about an eco-terrorist group and the young woman who infiltrates it as a corporate spy, also stars their co-writer Marling, along with Alexander Skarsgard, Ellen Page, and Patricia Clarkson.
That was the last I saw of Najmieh until a few weeks ago. With Vampire Weekend about to release its third album, “Modern Vampires of the City,” on May 14th, and Zal's movie “The East” due out at the end of the month, I started thinking about the Batmanglij family and the particular alchemy that might have produced two such creatively successful children. I asked Najmieh if we could meet to chat about it, and they invited me for tea, which meant, since they were hosting, not just tea, but an array of Persian treats—warm baklava she'd just made, a tray of white mulberries and pistachios, little cucumbers, which Najmieh peeled and salted while we talked. It wasn't exactly that they were dispensing parenting advice—the conversation was looser and wider-ranging than that. Still, after talking with her, and later with Zal and Rostam, it seemed to me that some of the attitudes Najmieh and their husband, Mohammad, held about family life were inspiring enough to be distilled into a little list. Since it's Mothers Day weekend, and this is the Internet, here goes:
Model creativity by being creative yourself, and in so doing, give your kids a realistic sense of how much work is involved.
“My parents never really explicitly did anything to suggest that being a creative person in terms of your occupation is the goal,” Rostam told me on the phone from their apartment in DUMBO. “They never forced anything down our throat. They led by example. I have a lot of memories of my Mom up at 2 A.M. with a copy of their cookbook and some ancient manuscripts and another copy of their cookbook marked up with black Sharpie, just covered in comments. I feel like I have some of that, always wanting to make things better, revise and revise, when I'm producing a song.” I books, they said, “keep getting better and better. It's like one book she's been working on for twenty-five years.”
(Najmieh's “Food of Life: Ancient Persian and Modern Iranian Cooking and Ceremonies,” published in 2011, is their most beautiful yet; its design was inspired by their sons, who told them they needed an update and had to include more practical information—what pots to use; where to buy ingredients; what kind of salt was best—for a new generation. The cover will remind fans of a Vampire Weekend album—no surprise since Rostam designed both—with its white borders, and airily-spaced, white Futura font.)
Rostam's experience suggests a possible benefit to working at home where your kids can see some of what you do and how you do it. In their case, they eked out an extra creative bonus. Their mom was sometimes so caught up in their cooking that they neglected to switch out the two CDs they had in their kitchen for years, and that Rostam remembers playing on repeat: Paul Simon's “Rhythm of the Saints” and the soundtrack of the movie “The Big Night” (lots of bouncy Louis Prima and Claudio Villa). “When you get to the point where you know something in-and-out like that,” Rostam said, “it starts to sink in and affect who you are.”
Be open-ended in your expectations of your kids' lessons and activities.
Najmieh said that both Zal and Rostam revealed what became their life-long interests at an early age. Zal saved their money for a camera as a kid, and they were always “fascinated by the characters of people who came to the house. They were very observant, always. And they made us laugh. We called them Woody Allen.” Rostam was drawn to music and Najmieh enrolled them in flute lessons when they were six or seven. But, Zal said, “My parents let us get into these things without expectation. They didn't expect results out of the investment. We were never made to play for people at parties. It never felt oppressive.” Rostam practiced their music a lot in private, in their room. (One result, Zal said, was that “I had a shock when my brother turned out to be as good a musician as they are.”)
On the other hand, creative activities as ends in themselves—or even as self-contained competitions—were more than fine. The Batmanglijs had an annual contest, for instance, in which they would each draw a portrait of the family, including the dog. The winner was not necessarily the best executed portrait but the one that showed the most personality and style. Rostam says the respect for a distinctive personal style stays with them to this day. “That's one thing that's been really important to me with music—that the identity is preserved and recognizable. In the band we are always talking about wanting songs to sound Vampire Weekend-y.”
Don't be afraid to be D.I.Y.—or let your kids go that route.
Both sons were aware of their parents having remade their lives and the kind of inventiveness and nerve in that project. Najmieh and Mohammad fled their native Iran after the revolution in 1979 and lived first as refugees in a small village in southern France, where Zal was born, then, after 1983, as immigrants to the United States. In Iran, Mohammad had worked in architecture and construction, but in the U.S. they changed tacks entirely and opened a small publishing company at first with the goal of publishing Najmieh's cookbooks. Now the publishing house, Mage, which they run out of the couple's house in Georgetown, produces a range of books in English about Persian culture. Zal says, “Our parents really believed in D.I.Y. before it was fashionable. And now technology and culture have allowed my brother and I to bring D.I.Y. to the forefront of our lives.” Their parents had to remake their lives and start a company in which they initially did everything themselves—from editing to design to distribution—but “they also got to follow their hearts.” When Zal started making independent films, they found their parent's example inspiring. So did Rostam, who after taking lessons to learn their first two instruments, flute and guitar, when they were still a kid, taught themselves the other instruments they play, as well as audio engineering.
Don't make them do activities they fundamentally don't want to.
Rostam and Zal attended The Potomac School, outside of Washington, a private school where sports like lacrosse and soccer are big. But, Najmieh says “My kids didn't want to play sports and these things, and they didn't have to. I didn't force them.” Don't engage in activities you don't believe in yourself, just because you think your kids should. “Some people I meet, they say they go to church because they want their kids to go to church. I say, do you believe it? They say no. I say don't do it; be honest. Kids are sharp and sensitive; they see through us.”
If you're an immigrant family and your kids aren't as interested in their roots as you'd hoped, don't despair till they're at least thirty.
Najmieh teaches Persian cooking classes in their home, and has noticed that many of the people who take them are second-generation Iranian immigrants in their late twenties or early thirties, who have just recently gotten interested in learning how to cook and entertain in the Persian tradition. (In the class, they recite Persian poetry when they sit down to eat.) “Kids with foreign backgrounds, for their first thirty years, they want to accomplish becoming part of American culture. But after thirty, they want to bring their roots to whatever they do.” Najmieh said they detected a Persian influence for the first time on Vampire Weekend's new album, and when I mentioned that to Rostam they agreed. On the song “Worship You,” they play a synthesizer solo that was inspired by Persian folk music and when they played the song “Young Lion” for their parents, they said it reminded them of a Persian melody, too.
Be positive about your kids' plans and dreams—not because you're sure they'll work out but because you have no idea what will happen and being negative is draining for everybody.
When Rostam told them just after graduating from Columbia that they were planning to tour with their yet untested band, Najmieh worried a bit. But, they believed in them and that “everybody should have the chance to try the thing they really want to do.” Besides, “what do we know? Nobody knows. Especially with the Internet, and in a field like music, everything is changing anyway.”
In September of 2010, Najmieh invited the other Vampire Weekend moms to tea at the hotel in New York where they were staying at the time. “If you guys want to come it would be great,” they wrote in an e-mail. “let's enjoy our boys' health, hard work and success—no one knows what the future has in store for any of us.” Indeed.
Read Lizzie Widdicombe's Profile of Vampire Weekend.
