Hillary Clinton strolls through New York City — and no one notices them pic.twitter.com/epjeizk9p3
Daily Mail UK reports:
It was a girls' day out for Hillary Clinton as they and two friends shopped along New York's Madison Avenue on Saturday.
The former first lady was dressed in a navy blue ensemble, along with black flats, as they laughed and walked on the city streets with their gal pals.
Flanked by three walking Secret Service agents and two Secret Service vehicles behind, Hillary was greeted by members of the public who seemingly showed support, taking selfies and giving hugs.
The former Secretary of State stopped into Kate Spade, Asprey and a stationary store before getting into their car and driving off.
The Clintons all went their separate ways for the weekend. While Hillary was on their trip to New York City, Chelsea promoted their book in the Hamptons, and Bill visited Colorado.
On Friday, Hillary was spotted heading into the Bergdorf Goodman before arriving at the Chatwal Hotel in New York.
They stepped out in a cobalt blue pantsuit and was all smiles as they entered the hotel flanked by three secret service vehicles.
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) denied an emergency application to use a hazardous pesticide on 3 million acres of Texas cotton fields, after groups representing environmental, public health, and organic farm interests urged the agency to reject the request based on environmental effects and the predictable nature of the weed resistance to currently used chemicals.Despite finding that the application met the urgent and non-routine emergency criteria, EPA cited aggregate exposure through drinking water and other risk assessment concerns as the reason for the denial."While we disagree with the EPA that this meets any of the criteria for emergency exemption, we applaud the EPA for putting the health of people and the environment first and upholding the health and environmental standards under the law," says Jay Feldman, executive director of Beyond Pesticides, which filed comments opposing emergency status for propazine use.Propazine is a toxic herbicide in the triazine class of chemicals that has been linked to developmental and reproductive toxicity. The triazines are highly soluble in water and are the most frequently detected pesticides found at concentrations at or above one or more benchmarks in over half of sites sampled. Allowing propazine use on over 3 million acres of cotton in Texas would have increased propazine movement into waterways, potentially threatening the safety of Texas' surface and drinking water."This is not an emergency because the weed resistance is predictable since it has been known for many years that GMO cotton sprayed with glyphosate would create resistant superweeds," notes Mr. Feldman. "It is an abuse of the law to prop up failed GMO cropping systems with toxic chemicals when viable alternatives, like organic growing methods, exist."
NEW YORK – The biggest news to come out of an otherwise lackluster New York Cycle World International Motorcycle Show was Honda's announcement that the sculpted VFR1200F sport-touring motorcycle will come with an optional dual clutch transmission. Although the technology is becoming increasingly common in automobiles, this is the first time anyone's bolted it onto a motorcycle.
Putting a dual clutch gearbox on a motorcycle offers the same laundry list of benefits you find in automotive applications. That means independent clutches for odd- and even-numbered gears, über-rapid shift times, thumb-operated shifting, no discernible clutch grab and smoother shifting without driveline lurch. As if that weren't enough, the system offers two automatic modes ("D" for drive and "S" for sport) if you grow weary of running through the gears manually. Long story short, Honda says the system shifts faster and more seamlessly than anyone who isn't named Dani Pedrosa. On paper, it offers the best of both worlds – the performance of a manual with the convenience of an automatic.
“With the dual clutch in the manual mode, it is literally milliseconds," says Jon Seidel of American Honda Motor Co. "As quickly as you can use the paddle shifters, the gear engages.”
Just like in your car, choose "D" mode and the dual clutch transmission defaults to gearing that optimizes fuel economy. If you're feeling saucy, flip the switch to "S" and you'll be able to rev that sweet V4 engine higher in each gear to milk more power from it. Manual mode gives you total control – the engine won't shift up until you tell it to, even if you're at the redline. The ECU keeps you from downshifting too soon and over-revving the engine.
Some automotive purists winced as race-inspired semi-auto gearboxes flooded the automotive marketplace. The fact that you can't buy a new Ferrari with a proper gearshifter seems to some as shocking as it is blasphemous. But consumer demand for the technology has seen it move from high-end Ferraris to more mainstream cars like the Volkswagen Golf. Only time will tell if motorcyclists also embrace dual clutch semi-auto gearboxes.
“Difficult to say at this early point," Seidel said. "As this is the world's first application of this technology on a motorcycle,the initial response has been extremely positive.”
Honda hasn't said what the optional gearbox will cost, saying that depends on the value of the Yen when the VFR1200F (pictured above) is released in March. And because this is the first time we've seen it on a motorcycle, Honda was hesitant to predict its penetration rate.
“The dual clutch transmission is an innovative new technology," Seidel said. "Will it replace manuals? Probably not. But it is technology that works and adds fun and excitement to riding. Riders will also appreciate the fully automatic mode for stop and go city driving”
Photo, video and diagrams: Honda
See Also:
ANALYSIS/OPINION:
On May 25, 1961, President Kennedy committed the nation to reach the moon by the end of the decade. The goal was reached, but a half-century later, our space program is adrift. On this 50th anniversary of one of the boldest moments in America's history, how can we chart a new course that truly sets us on the pathway to the stars?
In the history of the old frontier, the creation of the transcontinental railroad served as the decisive move enabling the settling of the continent. Can we today deliver a similar master stroke and open the way to the full and rapid development of the new frontier, space? Can we open a “transorbital railroad”? I believe so.
The core idea is simple. The space shuttle program is ending. So, instead of funding NASA to spend the next decade developing another white elephant to replace it, let's just take a quarter of the shuttle's budget and use it to set up a regularly scheduled launch service to orbit using the most cost-effective boosters on the commercial market.
One-quarter of the shuttle program would provide a budget of $1.2 billion per year. Right now, the choice of most cost-effective launcher is a horse race between the Boeing Delta IV, the Lockheed Atlas V and the Spacex Falcon 9. However, starting in 2013, Spacex will field the Falcon Heavy, which, with a lift capacity of 53 metric tons and a price tag of $80 million, will offer three times the amount of goods delivered for the price as any of its competitors. So let's assume this is the initial base-line choice for the railroad. In that case, with a budget of $1.2 billion, the transorbital railroad could buy 15 launches per year, or one every 24 days, with a total lift capacity of 795 metric tons. This is nearly 10 times the annual delivery capability of the shuttle program - which over the course of its 30-year history averaged about 80 tons per year - at one-quarter the cost.
Having bought these launches for $80 million each, the NASA transorbital railroad office would then turn around and sell payload space on board at a steep discount price of $50 per kilogram. Thus, a 53-ton-capacity launch could be offered for sale at $2.5 million or divided into 5-ton compartments for sale at $250,000 each, with half-ton compartments made available for $25,000. While recovering just a tiny fraction of the transorbital railroad's costs, such low fees (levied primarily to discourage spurious use) would make spaceflight readily affordable.
As with a normal railroad here on earth, the transorbital railroad's launches would occur in accordance with its schedule, regardless of whether or not all of its cargo capacity was subscribed by customers. Unsubscribed space would be filled with containers of water, food or space-storable propellants. These standardized, pressurizable containers, equipped with tracking beacons, plumbing attachments, hatches and electrical pass-throughs, would be released for orbital recovery by anyone with the initiative to collect them and put their contents and volumes to use in space. A payload dispenser, provided and loaded by the launch companies as part of their service, would be used to release each payload to go its separate way once orbit was achieved.
As noted above, the budget required to run the transorbital railroad would be 25 percent that of the space shuttle program, but it would accomplish far more. The U.S. government could use it to save a great deal of money because its own departments in NASA, the military and other agencies could avail themselves of the transorbital railroad's low rates to launch their payloads at trivial cost. Much greater savings would occur, however, because with launch costs so reduced, it would no longer be necessary to spend billions to ensure the ultimate degree of spacecraft reliability. Instead, commercial-grade parts could be used, thereby cutting the cost of spacecraft construction by orders of magnitude. While some failures would result, they would be eminently affordable and, moreover, would enable a greatly accelerated rate of technological advance in spacecraft design, because unproven, non-space-rated components could be put to the test much more rapidly. With both launch and spacecraft costs so sharply reduced, the financial consequences of any failures could be readily met by the purchase of insurance by the launch companies, which would reimburse both the government and payload owners in the event of a mishap.
With such a huge amount of lift capability available to the public at low cost, both public and private initiatives of every kind could take flight. If NASA desired to send human expeditions to other worlds, all it would have to do would be to buy space on the transorbital railroad for its payloads. But private enterprises or foundations could use the transorbital railroad to launch their own lunar or Mars probes - or settlements - as well. Indeed, three launches of the Falcon Heavy probably would be sufficient to launch a minimal-scale human Mars expedition, and with a price tag of $7.5 million for the three, the total cost of such a private-sector effort likely would be no more than that sometimes spent by wealthy backers of teams striving to win the America's Cup yachting event.
Those with ideas for commercial space activities - ranging from space hotels to private orbital research labs - would have the opportunity to put their business plans into action. As such enterprises multiplied, a tax base would be created both on Earth and in space that ultimately would repay the government many times over for its transorbital railroad program costs.
While the implementation of a cargo-only transorbital railroad would be a great advance over our current situation, we should not exclude using it to transport human beings as well. As John F. Kennedy said at the dawn of the space age, “We go into space because whatever humankind must undertake, free men must fully share.” The transorbital railroad's compartments should thus be open to receive passenger capsules provided by private vendors, thereby making affordable trips to orbit possible for anyone. Some might say that such open access to human spaceflight would put people at risk. This is true. But bold endeavors have always involved risk, whether personal or financial, and free men and women should be allowed to decide for themselves what risks they are willing to accept in order to achieve their dreams. This would free our space effort from the crippling constraint of excessively risk-averse government bureaucracy.
With a large guaranteed market, launch-vehicle companies would compete hard to create ever-more-capable systems. They also would be able to put mass-production techniques into action, thereby causing the costs of their rockets to fall over time. This, in turn, would enable the transorbital railroad to increase further the frequency and capacity of its service and would result in a dramatic drop in the cost of launch vehicles bought outside of the transorbital railroad program as well.
Some critics might argue that the implementation of the transorbital railroad would represent an anti-competitive subsidization of the U.S. launch industry. But the federal government has always subsidized transportation, supporting the development of trails, canals, railroads, seaports, bridges, tunnels, subways, highways, aircraft and airports since the founding of the republic. Creating an affordable transportation infrastructure is one of the fundamental responsibilities of government. Meanwhile, international competitors in Europe or Asia who might be inclined to complain about anti-competitive behavior could create transorbital railroads of their own, thus multiplying even further humankind's capacity to reach into space.
Within a few years, we could be sending not a mere handful of people into orbit each year, but hundreds. Instead of a narrow space program with timid objectives moving forward at the snail's pace of politically constrained bureaucracy, we could have dozens of bold endeavors of every kind, attempting to realize every vision and every dream - reaching out, taking risks and proving the impossible to be possible. With the aid of the transorbital railroad, the vast realm of the solar system could truly be opened to human hands, human minds, human hearts and human enterprise: a great new frontier for free men and women to explore and settle, their creativity unbounded, with pro-spects and possibilities as unlimited as space itself.
Robert Zubrin is president of Pioneer Astronautics and of the Mars Society. An updated edition of their book “The Case for Mars: The Plan to Settle the Red Planet and Why We Must,” will be published by the Free Press in June.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
The House version of the bill was set for a vote on Tuesday, according to Mr. McCarthy's office.
The agreement comes at a particularly uncomfortable moment for the White House. Sanctions are central to the mystery over Donald Trump Jr.'s meeting with a Russian lawyer and others on June 9, 2016, where they said the topic of adoption came up. That was a reference to Mr. Putin's decision to ban American adoptions of Russian children in response to sanctions Congress passed over human rights issues.
The discussions that the president's former national security adviser, Michael T. Flynn, held with the Russian ambassador to the United States during the transition were also said to be about sanctions, including President Barack Obama's decision, in their last weeks in office, to evict Russia from two of its diplomatic compounds in the United States. Mr. Trump must soon decide whether to return them.
For months, lawmakers have agreed on the need to punish Russia, separating the issue from others, such as immigration and health care, that have been mired in partisan wheel-spinning. The unity has placed Republicans in the unusual position of undercutting their own president on a particularly awkward subject.
Yet politically, the collaboration delivers benefits to members of both parties. Democrats have sought to make Russia pay for its 2016 election interference, which many of them believe contributed to Mr. Trump's triumph over Hillary Clinton. And Republicans, who have long placed an aggressive stance toward Russia at the center of their foreign policy, can quiet critics who have suggested they are shielding the president from scrutiny by failing to embrace the sanctions.
Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the minority leader, said they expected this “strong” bill to reach the president's desk promptly “on a broad bipartisan basis.”
In the House, Representative Steny H. Hoyer of Maryland, the minority whip, praised the agreement's stipulation that “the majority and minority are able to exercise our oversight role over the administration's implementation of sanctions.”
Representative Nancy Pelosi of California, the Democratic leader, registered concerns about adding sanctions against North Korea to the package, questioning whether it would prompt delays in the Senate. Mr. Schumer and Mr. Cardin expressed no such anxieties on Saturday.
A Christmas Tea
FULL TEA || DECEMBER 2, 2017 || 10 AM to 12 NOON
The Daughters of Hawaiʻi joyfully invite you to the beloved annual Christmas Tea at Queen Emma Summer Palace on the grounds of Hānaiakamalama. Guests are seated at Emmalani Hale where crab cucumber bowls and guava kalua pig on guava rolls will be served by Tea at 1024, along with eggnog cupcakes, pumpkin crunch, holiday scones with cream and jam, and 1024's popular Christmas Blend tea. Enjoy this celebratory gathering with live piano entertainment by Jeff AuHoy and music from Nā Hōkū Hanohano Award winner Tony Conjugacion. Keiki are welcome.
$40 for Members. $50 for Non-members. Payment is required upfront with your reservation and non-refundable. Please call 595-6291 (on the island of Oʻahu) or email info@daughtersofhawaii.org to reserve your seat.
Main Waldorf Salad*
Kalua Pork with Guava Sauce on a Guava Roll
Chicken Curry on Taro Bread
Crab Cucumber Bowl*
Deviled Eggs*
Turkey and Provolone Cheese Roll with Cranberry*
Scones Spiced Scones*
Cranberry Scones
All served with clotted cream and jam Dessert Eggnog Cupcakes Pumpkin Crunch
Angel Cake and Strawberries
*Gluten-free
This year's Christmas Tea at Queen Emma Summer Palace coincides with Member Mahalo Day at the palace gift shops for both Queen Emma Summer Palace and Huliheʻe Palace on December 2, 2017, where members receive 20% off their entire purchase.
We hope you can join us for all our exciting holiday events!
PITTSBURGH, PA - SEPTEMBER 20: Head coach Jim Tomsula of the San Francisco 49ers looks on from the sideline in the second half against the Pittsburgh Steelers during the game at Heinz Field on September 20, 2015 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. (Photo by Jared Wickerham/Getty Images)
By: Evan Jankens
Let me start this blog off by saying I have watched this video 20 times and I have laughed each and every time.
San Francisco 49ers head coach Jim Tomsula was holding their weekly press conference and something interesting came from it. While listening to a question from the media, it sounded as if Tomsula let out a big, loud fart.
Now the Vine itself almost makes it sound as if the audio was added to it. So I took some time to listen to the entire press conference. Even in the 49ers audio, which you can hear HERE at the 6:56 mark, the fart noise is there as clear as can be.
I have no idea if Tomsula thought it would be a silent fart, but if this doesn't make you laugh on a Friday I don't know what will.
Bernie Sanders on Hillary Clinton: 'We're going to win this thing'
Hillary Clinton can be beaten in the Democratic primary, Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders said in an interview aired on the day they begin their bid for the White House.
“I think we're going to have a surprise for you,” Sanders told ABC's Jon Karl in an interview that aired Thursday on “Good Morning America.” “We're going to win this thing.”
Story Continued Below
Sanders said they think the American people have had enough of “establishment politics.”
“We are a looking at a system where our democracy is being owned by a handful of billionaires,” the self-described ‘democratic socialist‘ said. “That is wrong.”
Sanders confirmed that they will begin their presidential campaign on Thursday in an interview with The Associated Press published Wednesday night.
“People should not underestimate me,” the 73-year-old Vermont independent senator said. “I've run outside of the two-party system, defeating Democrats and Republicans, taking on big-money candidates and, you know, I think the message that has resonated in Vermont is a message that can resonate all over this country.”
Sanders also addressed President Barack Obama's gibe about them at last weekend's White House Correspondents' Dinner, in which Obama joked that “apparently some folks want to see a pot-smoking socialist in the White House.”
“As a matter of fact, I'm not a pot smoker,” Sanders said. “I have, admittedly, some 30 or 40 years ago.”
July 18, 2017
SHARE
On a recent episode of Catholic Answers Live that invited callers to explain why they're “pro-choice,” a few pro-life listeners told our call screener that they objected to our use of that term. They preferred we use the term pro-abortion, and some even accused me of making legal abortion sound more defensible by using the euphemism choice.
In the short amount of time we had left on the show, I explained that by using my opponents' preferred term I was able to have productive conversations—heard by thousands of other people—that might not have been possible if I had insisted on using pro-abortion. I added that although I generally do this, I don't always do it. Sometimes it can do more harm than good and even distort the message I am trying to share.
An example of this can be found in Fr. James Martin's newest book, Building a Bridge: How the Catholic Church and the LGBT Community Can Enter Into a Relationship of Respect, Compassion, and Sensitivity. Although it offers some helpful suggestions for priests and bishops (and a few light admonishments of homosexual critics of the Church), there is no call for Catholics with same-sex attraction to “cross the bridge” and embrace God's plan for their sexuality.
Worse, even though they don't call explicitly for the Church to change its teaching on homosexuality, Fr. Martin does seem to suggest that it should change—or at least become more ambiguous and malleable for those who want it to change. This is especially evident in their recommendations for how we talk about homosexual behavior and persons who are attracted to members of the same sex.
On “gay Catholics”
One of the book's drawbacks is that there is no clear articulation of the Church's teaching on homosexual behavior. Fr. Martin repeatedly cites the Catechism's insistence that people with deep-seated homosexual tendencies “must be accepted with respect, compassion, and sensitivity” (2358), but they never cites the preceding paragraph, which says that homosexual acts represent “grave depravity,” “are contrary to the natural law,” and that “under no circumstances can they be approved” (2357). In fact, Fr. Martin says it is wrong to say homosexual acts are “intrinsically disordered.”
Concerning the use of labels like “LGBT Catholics,” I could see where, in a private setting, one might use such terms in order to facilitate a conversation. But even in such a case I would always try to not reduce a person's identity to their sexual attractions, and I would especially not promote the idea one can be an “LGBT Catholic” through a public venue like blogging or radio appearances. That's because such actions can confuse people and make them think the Church has no moral opposition to homosexual behavior, or that one can be an “LGBT Catholic” in the same way one can be an “Irish Catholic.”
In their book's rebuttal to Catholics who do not agree with using such labels, Fr. Martin offers this argument:
Some Catholics have objected to this approach, saying that any outreach implies a tacit agreement with everything that anyone in the LGBT community says or does. This seems an unfair objection, because it is raised with virtually no other group. If a diocese sponsors, for example, an outreach group for Catholic business leaders, it does not mean that the diocese agrees with every value of corporate America.
The problem with this argument is that there is nothing intrinsically wrong with the concept of “business.” There are immoral businesses, but the idea of business or commerce itself is not wrong. A better comparison for the label “LGBT Catholic” would be “pornographer Catholic,” or “polygamous Catholic.” Moreover, the “LGBT” labels reduce a person to their sexual behavior, which would be dehumanizing even if that behavior weren't disordered. A person should be defined by their vocation and status as a child of God, not by their sexual proclivities.
But, says Fr. Martin, simple respect means we should use the labels people choose for themselves. They write, “[R]espect means calling a group what it asks to be called. On a personal level, if someone says to you, ‘I prefer to be called Jim instead of James,' you would normally listen and call them by the name they prefer. It's common courtesy.”
This is a bad comparison. Using a variant of someone's name does not reinforce the mistaken idea that a disordered action is an essential part of that person's identity. Sometimes respecting someone means not following their wishes, if following them would cause them harm.
Likewise if their request were dishonest. For example, I do not refer to people who received Ph.D.s from unaccredited universities with the title “Dr.” That kind of person hasn't properly earned that title, and to refer to them that way would involve propagating a lie and cheapening academic degrees in general. In the same way, if I consistently referred to someone as a “gay Catholic,” I would be telling a lie about that person, reducing their identity to a disordered desire. I would have also conjoined the person's Catholic faith with a serious sin. The Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith puts it this way:
The human person, made in the image and likeness of God, can hardly be adequately described by a reductionist reference to their or their sexual orientation. Every one living on the face of the earth has personal problems and difficulties, but challenges to growth, strengths, talents and gifts as well. Today, the Church provides a badly needed context for the care of the human person when they refuse to consider the person as a "heterosexual" or a "homosexual" and insists that every person has a fundamental Identity: the creature of God, and by grace, their child and heir to eternal life.
On “intrinsically disordered”
According to Fr. Martin, “Saying that one of the deepest parts of a person—the part that gives and receives love—is ‘disordered' in itself is needlessly cruel” (47). In an interview with the Religion News Service, Fr. Martin suggested instead that “the phrase ‘differently ordered' might convey that idea more pastorally.”
I would argue instead that this expression conveys the idea more ambiguously and is not a sound pastoral approach to homosexuality. If a friend is constructing a barbecue grill and has placed the flame jets so they shoot at their knees instead of the food, you wouldn't tell them the grill had been “differently assembled.” For the sake of their health you would tell them that he's using the grill wrong and should stop what he's doing.
If we love someone with same-sex attraction, we will correct them and urge them to conversion when they engage in behavior that is destructive to body and soul.
Some people think that pastoral means “nice” or “friendly,” but the word's roots are related to shepherding. Along with being kind, shepherds have to be tough and fight predators that try to destroy their flock while assertively keeping the flock from going astray. The goal of pastoral outreach is to lead someone to Christ; and a person can't be led to a joyful relationship with Christ if they place a disordered desire at the center of their identity instead of their relationship to God.
To conclude, I'd like to quote Daniel Mattson, a gentleman who is attracted to people of the same sex but refuses to let this define him. (See their recent book, Why I Don't Call Myself Gay: How I Reclaimed My Sexual Reality and Found Peace.) Concerning the CDF quote I referenced earlier, they add:
Stoker's creation Edit
Powers and weaknesses Edit
at the instant I saw that the cut had bled a little, and the blood was trickling over my chin. I laid down the razor, turning as I did so half round to look for some sticking plaster. When the Count saw my face, their eyes blazed with a sort of demoniac fury, and they suddenly made a grab at my throat. I drew away and their hand touched the string of beads which held the crucifix. It made an instant change in him, for the fury passed so quickly that I could hardly believe that it was ever there. — Jonathan Harker's journal, Dracula, Chapter 2 Placing the branch of a wild rose upon the top of their coffin will render them unable to escape it; a sacred bullet fired into the coffin could kill them so that they remain true-dead.[26] Mountain Ash is also described as a form of protection from a vampire although the effects are unknown.[41] This was believed to be used as protection against evil spirits and witches during the Victorian era. Death-sleep Edit The state of rest to which vampires are prone during the day is described in the novel as a deathlike sleep in which the vampire sleeps open-eyed, is unable to awaken or move, and also may be unaware of any presence of individuals who may be trespassing. Dracula is portrayed as being active in daylight at least once in order to pursue a victim. Dracula also purchases many properties throughout London 'over the counter' which shows that they do have the ability to have some type of presence in daylight. “ on a pile of newly dug earth, lay the Count! They were either dead or asleep. I could not say which, for eyes were open and stony, but without the glassiness of death, and the cheeks had the warmth of life through all their pallor. The lips were as red as ever. But there was no sign of movement, no pulse, no breath, no beating of the heart. I bent over him, and tried to find any sign of life, but in vain... I thought they might have the keys on him, but when I went to search I saw the dead eyes, and in them dead though they were, such a look of hate, though unconscious of me or my presence, that I fled from the place, and leaving the Count's room by the window.[42] ” They require Transylvanian soil to be nearby to them in a foreign land or to be entombed within their coffin within Transylvania in order to successfully rest; otherwise, they will be unable to recover their strength. This has forced them to transport many boxes of Transylvanian earth to each of their residences in London. It should be noted however that they are most powerful when they are within their Earth-Home, Coffin-Home, Hell-Home, or any place unhallowed.[26][43] Further, if Dracula or any vampire has had their fill in blood upon feeding, they will be caused to rest in this dead state even longer than usual.[44] Other abilities Edit While universally feared by the local people of Transylvania and even beyond, Dracula commands the loyalty of Gypsies and a band of Slovaks who transport their boxes on their way to London and to serve as an armed convoy bringing their coffin back to their castle. The Slovaks and Gypsies appear to know their true nature, for they laugh at Harker when they try to communicate their plight, and betray Harker's attempt to send a letter through them by giving it to the Count. Dracula seems to be able to hold influence over people with mental disorders, such as Renfield, who is never bitten but who worships Dracula, referring to them over the course of the novel as "Master" and "Lord". Dracula also afflicts Lucy with chronic sleepwalking, putting them into a trance-like state that allows them not only to submit to their will but also seek them and satisfy their need to feed. Dracula's powers and weaknesses vary greatly in the many adaptations. Previous and subsequent vampires from different legends have had similar vampire characteristics.
Character development subsequent to the novel Edit
Modern and postmodern analyses of the character Edit
Screen portrayals Edit
See also Edit
References Edit
The Left is downright silly. Democrats are throwing a temper tantrum on the House Floor right now, holding a sit-in to force a gun control vote. And when they got a little hungry and ordered in food, TMZ was there to find it ironic they chose Chick-fil-A.
Why?
Well, because Chick-fil-A has been attacked by liberals in the past for supposedly being "anti-gay" and there was just a mass shooting (definitely NOT a terrorist attack) at a gay nightclub. See the liberal logic?
"It's pretty damn ironic," TMZ responded after one of its paparazzi captured cases of chicken sandwiches being delivered.
"We get it," the whiny complaint continued, "protesters gotta eat, but consider this: The push for gun control legislation was prompted by Omar Mateen's heinous attack on a gay nightclub -- and Chick-fil-A's ownership has a long history of opposing LGBTQ rights."
TMZ attempted to make nice by offering one olive branch of fairness saying the company is "undergoing an image makeover" and noted (without going into much detail) how Chick-fil-A responded to the Orlando attack; that is, by opening on a Sunday, when they are normally closed, and bringing food to feed those helping out. It's a regular practice for the company and not just after national tragedies.
But that's just not good enough for the liberals at TMZ: "Still … odd choice. DC's a big city."
Several hundred Libyan army cadets will be sent home from a Cambridgeshire barracks within days – ending a scheme intended to train 2,000 troops to bring security to the north African state – after sexual offences were committed in the area.
Two Libyan cadets who had left Bassingbourn barracks pleaded guilty last week to sexual assault and a third was charged with the same offence.
Two others, Moktar Ali Saad Mahmoud, 33, and Ibrahim Abogutila, 22, were charged with raping a man in a Cambridge park on 26 October and were remanded in custody on Tuesday.
So serious is the disorder that police are conducting frequent patrols around the Bassingbourn base as residents of the nearby village fear more “escapes” and attacks. The base has been reinforced with further troops from 2 Scots, the Royal Highland Fusiliers, who were drafted in “to bolster security and reassure the local population” according to the Ministry of Defence (MoD).
The Libyan training scheme has been beset with problems since it began in June and the MoD has admitted that 90 recruits – almost a third of the 325 who were carefully selected to take part in the programme – have withdrawn.
About 20 recruits are reported to have claimed asylum in the UK, although the Home Office and the MoD refused to either confirm or deny this.
The former Conservative health secretary Andrew Lansley, who is MP for the area, said the security problems represented a serious failure by the MoD, which must be held accountable.
“A lot of constituents and I are very unhappy that a decision was made that trainees could go off the base unescorted,” said Lansley. “When did it happen and who made those decisions? I feel very disappointed. The consequences are serious and the MoD has to account for that.”
Labour said the scheme had collapsed in “scandal and disarray”. Local residents have demanded to know why the MoD did not act earlier to stop the Libyans leaving the barracks when problems had already been reported. One family told how they had to call out the army after finding one Libyan in their driveway and another hiding under their car three days before the alleged attacks in Cambridge.
The MoD said the majority of recruits had been making good progress but confirmed the repatriation of the Libyan troops would take place following the disciplinary problems.
Lansley said they understood one in 10 of the recruits “were not accepting the discipline and weren't accepting what they were asked to do and were not becoming part of a military force”.
Last week, the Libyan cadets Ibrahim Naji el-Maarfi, 20, and Mohammed Abdalsalam, 27, appeared before Cambridge magistrates court where they admitted two counts of sexual assault.
El-Maarfi faces two counts of sexual assault and one count of exposure. Abdalsalam faces charges including sexual assault. Khaled el-Azibi, 18, has also been charged with three counts of sexual assault but has yet to enter a plea.
“It felt like it was going wrong a few weeks ago,” said Lansley. “They [the MoD] were probably aware that some trainees were not adhering to discipline from an early stage and I wonder why [they had] not at a much earlier stage recognised that and taken a proportion of the trainees out and repatriated them much earlier.”
Peter Robinson, the chairperson of Bassingbourn parish council, said: “The main problem has been escapees and the fear that has caused. I have had ladies tell me they don't want to walk their dogs any more. There have been people who have come out of their house and have discovered Libyans hiding under their car, and it doesn't give someone the feeling of safety and, following the allegations of what happened in Cambridge, it has made fears all the worse.” They said they spoke for many local residents when they reacted “with joy” to the news the troops were leaving.
Colonel Ali el-Karom, the military attache at the Libyan embassy in London, apologised for the bad behaviour and said Libya was “very disappointed that a few people have made stupid choices”. They said tensions between recruits who supported different factions in Libya were behind some of the problems. “When this particular conflict has died down, we will still need the training from the MoD in order to make our country strong and secure,” they said. “I hope that what has happened at Bassingbourn will not lead to a loss of trust between us and the MoD and that our two countries will continue to work together.”
The MoD confirmed that some recruits had left over disciplinary and behavioural issues, while others returned home for personal and medical reasons.
A spokesperson insisted the group was carefully chosen after undergoing immigration, security and medical checks and that the majority responded positively. “As part of our ongoing support for the Libyan government we will review how best to train Libyan security forces – including whether training further tranches of recruits in the UK is the best way forward,” they said. “The majority of recruits have responded positively to training, despite ongoing political uncertainty in Libya, but there have been disciplinary issues.
“Training was initially expected to last until the end of November but we have agreed with the Libyan government that it is best for all involved to bring forward the training completion date. The recruits will be returning to Libya in the coming days.”
Ian Lucas, the shadow defence minister, said: “Having been significantly delayed in the first instance, the UK-based training programme has now collapsed in disarray and scandal and there are no plans to continue it elsewhere.
“The defence secretary needs to explain how this has gone so badly wrong and urgently clarify the government's strategy for helping to build a safe and stable Libya, including whether or not training Libyan soldiers is part of it.
Andrew Lansley said: ‘A lot of constituents and I are very unhappy that a decision was made that trainees could go off the base unescorted. When did it happen and who made those decisions?'
Flights out of Irish airports may have resumed after being cancelled earlier today but aviation chiefs have warned of further travel problems in the coming days.
Flights to and from the country were postponed up to 1pm this afternoon because of an ash cloud drifting over the country from Iceland. Over-flights of Ireland from the UK and Europe were unaffected by the flight ban because ash concentrations do not affect the airspace above 20,000 feet.
Airspace over Scotland, Northern Ireland is to close from 7am tomorrow morning due to ash, it was confirmed tonight. The Irish Aviation Authority is due to release a statement at about midnight.
The IAA last night decided to impose a "no-fly zone" over Ireland from 7am under advice from the Volcanic Ash Advice Centre in London that there was a risk of "ash ingestion" to aircraft engines.
The decision was based on the safety risks to crews and passengers and followed a change in the weather resulting in the ash cloud being pushed south over the country by northerly winds. Ireland and Scotland are the only countries affected.
However, the authority this morning said it had cleared Irish airports to open for "full operations" from 1pm.
The UK's Civil Aviation Authority (CAA) said airspace over Northern Ireland could also reopen at 1pm, allowing flights to resume from Belfast City, Belfast International and City of Derry airports.
The majority of flight arrivals at Irish airports did not resume until late this afternoon, with most arrivals at Dublin airport cancelled up to 3.45pm.
All flight arrivals at Cork Airport, with the exception of Aer Arann flight RE295P from Dublin, were cancelled up to 3.55pm.
A spokesperson for Ryanair said it was operating a number of extra flights between Dublin and Stansted, Faro, Seville and Fuerteventura during the afternoon to repatriate stranded passengers. The airline also said that gaps in capacity would help to accommodate passengers further.
The relief experienced by airline passengers could prove short-lived, with forecasters predicting more ash from the Icelandic volcano will blow down over the country later this week.
In a statement this morning, the authority said its decision to close airports earlier today was based solely on the safety risks to crews and passengers as a result of the drift south of the volcanic ash cloud caused by the north easterly winds. "The situation will be reviewed as the week goes on. Winds are forecast to continue coming from a Northerly direction for the next few days and this could lead to further problems," it said.
Speaking to The Irish Times, Met Éireann forecaster Evelyn Cusack warned that airflow would remain northwesterly for the rest of today, tonight and tomorrow, increasing the risk of further ash disruption.
However, they said the risk of ash disruption would be lowered from Thursday onwards due to a shift in winds, with airflow changing to a northeasterly direction.
Elsewhere, Irish Airport Authority (IAA) chief executive Eamon Brennan forecast months of uncertainty as a result of the volcanic ash cloud.
“We're not out of the woods yet,” they told RTÉ radio.
“There's no doubt about it, we're probably facing a summer of uncertainly due
to this ash cloud," they added.
Meanwhile, Minister for Transport, Noel Dempsey, who was also affected by the travel problems said today, a strong European response is needed to deal with the continuing disruption to flights as a result of ash cloud from the Eyjafjalljökull volcano.
Welcoming the outcome of a meeting of EU Transport Ministers this morning, Mr Dempsey said an action plan was necessary to deal with the situation as it continues to evolve.
Mr Dempsey, who was unable to travel to the meeting due to the closure of Irish airspace, said: "Safety is at the heart of Europe's response and it was appropriate that a significant part of the discussion this morning focussed on the development of appropriate risk assessment methodologies to deal with potential future threats".
Today's flight cancellations were due to the first closure of Irish airspace since restrictions were lifted on April 20th following six days of suspension. That closure led tothe cancellation of 100,000 flights internationally, and disruption to about 10 million passengers. The crisis is estimated to have cost the air transport industry up to €2.5 billion.
The Dublin Airport Authority estimated it lost €7-8 million as a result of the cancellation of 3,200 flights, affecting 400,000 passengers, during the previous shutdown.
The IAA this afternoon said it will continue to monitor the movement of volcanic ash, and would issue a further update at 0900 hours on tomorrow.
If the federal budget were an American high school, defense spending would be the football team -- untouchable, un-cuttable, popular by default -- and cultural spending would be the chess club -- the wallflowers at the dance, constantly picked on and pushed aside in the hallways.
If Mitt Romney has their way in November, the checkmate crowd would see their program eliminated altogether.
At least that's what they told Fortune. In a recent interview written up by Politico, Romney said that cutting all federal funding for the National Endowment for the Arts, PBS, and NPR would be a "focus" of their administration.
"Some of these things, like those endowment efforts and PBS I very much appreciate and like what they do in many cases, but I just think they have to stand on their own," they said in the interview.
Romney is far from the only member of their party to hold this view. Chopping into already meagre arts funding has been a Republican priority for a few years now. In 2011, a group of 150 Republicans, led by Rep. Jim Jordan (R-Ohio,) proposed cutting all government funding for arts organizations. Like Romney, they wanted the NEA and PBS and NPR to make do with no public contributions whatsoever.
It's a position that remains popular among conservatives, despite ample proof that cutting funding to these organizations would yield no significant increase in government savings. As Ezra Klein and Suzy Khimm wrote in the Washington Post, "getting rid of all these subsidies would have saved the government about $2 billion this year -- chump change relative to the scale of cuts that Romney wants."
The annual budget of the National Endowment for the Arts stands today at just over $146 million -- a sharp decrease from 2011's $155 million -- and is still pretty miniscule by government-spending standards. Remember that money has to stretch across every one of the agency's grants and programs, covering all artistic disciplines, across the country. Whereas a single piece of defense spending -- like a cancelled, nonexistent missile defense system, worth $250 million -- was still funded by taxpayers, and does virtually nothing.
Ironically, Mitt Romney themselves is reportedly worth about $200 million, meaning they could fund the entire budget of the National Endowment for the Arts out of their own pockets if they were so inclined, with $50 million still left to spare on horses or houses or anything else they feel moved to purchase.
But the larger point is that the arts keep getting picked on because they're such an easy target, not because they're useless. Their lunch money is practically falling out of their palms. Can't think of a program you want to cut? Just say "the arts!" It's easy enough, and doesn't make you any immediate enemies. As Jillian Steinhauer said in Hyperallergic, "Romney is simply following in a long line of Republicans who have used claims of cutting arts funding as a diversionary tactic, a way to appeal to conservative voters without having to talk about what a smaller government would actually look like."
Also worth noting is that many of the organizations supported by government programs like the NEA are found in red states. Major arts providers in cities like New York or Los Angeles enjoy far higher levels of private donations than do institutions in most rural areas, where NEA grants can spell the difference between a program's life and death. The NEA supports organizations in low-income regions, and helps states deal out money to those who need it most.
But if it's a price tag that is required, then here's one: the most recent "Arts & Economic Prosperity" report, compiled by the Americans for the Arts organization, found that the nonprofit arts and culture industry actually generated $135.2 billion in economic activity and supported nearly 4 million full-time jobs in 2010. It also generated $22.3 billion in local, state and federal revenue.
This is a figure that Tom Cochran, CEO of the United States Conference of Mayors, likes to cite when they defend the arts on a federal level. They said it's not limited to "rich people coming to look at a museum" -- the threat to American culture runs much deeper than that. As someone who has seen the effect that the arts can have economically over the years, Cochran says they will continue to make the case for supporting them.
"It's not just people on the stage. It's backstage, the drivers and the caterers, the entire service industry that related to the arts. Even with the recession we were in, the arts and nonprofit arts were still an economic driver," Cochran said. "The arts means money to us. We know about the spirit, the soul, and all of that, but if you take tourism and arts out of these cities, you lose money."
The fact is: arts organizations continue to support economies, local governments and everyday citizens in ways that are often impossible to identify. That's what the arts have always done, and why people tend to like art in the first place; because you can't quantify or put a real price tag on their effects. You're not supposed to.
But if the arts were allowed to hold a collective hearing in Mr. Smith Goes To Washington style, if they could appear in front of those 150 Republicans who wanted to shut down the NEA last year, they might trot out the inner-city kid whose life was changed by picking up an instrument, or the designers who revitalized a ravaged New Orleans, or the art lining the walls of hospital wards, or the proven educational benefits of arts in schools, or any number of intangible benefits that an NEA-sponsored program provides for American towns and cities.
The arts will have gotten a word in, hopefully, at the Republican National Convention this week.
Robert Lynch, the president of Americans for the Arts, was traveling to Tampa to sit on a panel, moderated by Mike Huckabee, aiming to discuss this very issue. Bernie Williams, former Yankee and current jazz guitarist, also appeared on the panel.
Lynch said not all Republicans agree with these spending cuts, and they certainly would not advise cutting the NEA altogether.
"These views are not, I think, based in a logical understanding of how the arts system works," Lynch told HuffPost. "We should remember that over our long history, there have been great increases for the arts under both Republican and Democratic administrations, but the largest actually came under Nixon."
The fraction of money that arts organizations receive from the government each year is a "leverage" for all the other money they raise on a yearly basis. You cut out the government support in certain cases, they said, and you lose your private investors.
"The economic impact of a program and the jobs it [provides] is right at the top of what public officials think everything should be about right now, and the arts help with that," Lynch said. "Why would someone interested in improving the economy, why take that little piece away when you don't understand how the whole thing works?"
As Romney continues their campaign, we'll continue to hear next to nothing about arts funding, unless someone asks, "What are you planning to cut?" Then the arts will always be there, ready to jump in and take the fall for the other kids.
It's important that we don't make it too easy.
This post is part of the HuffPost Shadow Conventions 2012, a series spotlighting three issues that are not being discussed at the national GOP and Democratic conventions: The Drug War, Poverty in America, and Money in Politics.
While you weren't looking, those hilarious pranksters in Congress passed the National Defense Authorization Act, which among other things authorizes the military to detain U.S. citizens arrested in this country "without trial until the end of the hostilities authorized by the Authorization for Use of Military Force," meaning until the "War on Terror" is over, meaning never.
That's seriously what just happened.
I don't want you to think your representatives took a collective dump on the Sixth Amendment without talking it over first, because they did debate a little before voting to end the Republic. In particular, they discussed whether the indefinite-military-detention provision really applied to citizens, because it wasn't clear as drafted. Seems like it would have been pretty easy to make clear that it didn't apply to citizens if that's what you wanted, maybe by adding something like, "the authority granted by this section shall not extend to American citizens," but I'm no legislator. Your Supreme Court has held that it is okay to detain a citizen forever if arrested overseas, you may recall, and if you enjoyed that then you'll love this bill, which extends that to citizens arrested in the U.S. That is, as Lindsay Graham conceded on the Senate floor, this bill makes the homeland a "battlefield" where the laws of war apply.
Under Section 1031 of the bill, the military is authorized to detain "covered persons" under the law of war, and you are "covered" if you were connected to 9/11 or have "substantially supported" anybody who was. Under 1031(c), a covered person may be held indefinitely. The debate was over 1032, "Requirement for Military Custody," which required that detainees be held by the military (as 1031 authorized). Did that cover citizens, some cared enough to ask? The end result was that 1032(b) now provides that "[t]he requirement to detain a person in military custody … does not extend to citizens of the United States." Feel better? Don't. All that says is that military detention isn't required. It's still authorized.
But wait, you say, I'm not a "covered person" because I'm not a terrorist and I totally think 9/11 sucked. Well, of course I believe you, but how will you prove that, person in military custody? At your trial? I see. Well, you can either have a military tribunal now or a trial when the War on Terror is over. In America we give you the freedom to choose!
Finally, this is not about trusting the military (which may not even want this power) or the government not to make you disappear. It's about the fact that some dudes spent a lot of time in July in a room that wasn't even air-conditioned to write up a constitution, the point of which I thought was to emphasize the idea that we shouldn't have to trust the government – we follow the rule of law. I like Ben Franklin too much to think they sweated for nothing. (And you know they sweated like a pig.)
Speaking of constitutions, the Sixth Amendment says this:
In all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall enjoy the right to a speedy and public trial, by an impartial jury of the State and district wherein the crime shall have been committed … and to be informed of the nature and cause of the accusation; to be confronted with the witnesses against him; to have compulsory process for obtaining witnesses in their favor, and to have the Assistance of Counsel for their defence.
Emphasis added. They weren't too good at capitalization but they got a lot of other things right.
Open enrollment for health insurance under the Affordable Care Act will end Dec. 15. If you live in New Hampshire and get either private coverage or Medicaid under the law, we would like to hear from you. Please share your story using the form below. Your name and comments may be published, but your contact information will not. A Times reporter or editor might contact you to learn more about your story.
If you have coverage through the Affordable Care Act this year and have looked at your options for 2018, are your costs generally going up or down? *
Do you qualify for a subsidy to help with the cost of your premiums? If so, about how much?
Are you considering alternatives to coverage through the Affordable Care Act because of the cost? If so, what? *
Would you continue to buy health insurance if it were no longer a requirement? Why or why not? *
What do you think about New Hampshire's plan to require many non-disabled Medicaid recipients to work for at least 20 hours a week?
What is your name? * First and last preferred, please.
Where do you live? (city and state, please.) * City and state, please.
How old are you?
What is your email address? *
Five-Star Movement's populist leader compares Greek bailout talks to ‘explicit nazism' and says Italy must use its €2tn debt as leverage against Germany
The populist leader of Italy's second largest political party has called for the nationalisation of Italian banks and exit from the euro, and said the country should prepare to use its “enormous debt” as a weapon against Germany.
Former comedian-turned-politician Beppe Grillo, who transformed Italian politics when they launched their anti-establishment Five-Star Movement in 2009, has long been a bombastic critic of the euro.
How Beppe Grillo's social media politics took Italy by storm | Jamie Bartlett Read more
But their stance hardened significantly in a blogpost on Thursday in which they compared the Greek bailout negotiations to “explicit nazism”.
Grillo constructed what they called a “Plan B” for Italy, which they said needed to heed the lessons of Greece so that it was ready “when the debtors come round”.
Their plan called for Italy to adopt a clear anti-euro stance and to shake off its belief that – if forced to accept tough austerity – other “peripheral” countries would come to its aid.
Grillo said Italy had to use its enormous €2tn (£1.4bn) debt as leverage against Germany, implying that the potential global damage of an Italian default would stop Germany from “interfering” with Italy's “legitimate right” to convert its debt into another currency.
They said Greece's hand had been forced by the threat of bankruptcy to its banks, and that Italy therefore needed to nationalise its banks and shift to another currency.
“[This] is how not to lose the first battle we will face when the time comes to break away from the union and the European Central Bank,” Grillo wrote.
Setting aside Grillo's colourful language and analogies, analyst Vincenzo Scarpetta of Open Europe said there was some merit to their arguments.
“That blogpost does have some elements of truth,” Scarpetta said. “The lesson from Greece was that if you want to be in the eurozone you have to agree to rules of austerity.”
The strength of anti-euro sentiment in Italy is easy to overlook since Matteo Renzi, the centre-left prime minister and head of the Democratic party, is a strong defender of Italy's role in the eurozone. But Scarpetta pointed out that supporters of the Five-Star Movement, coupled with supporters of the rightwing Northern League, which is also anti-euro, means that about 40% of Italians are at least sympathetic to anti-euro sentiments.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest What is TTIP?
“The Greek deal and negotiations have helped them [anti-euro Italian leaders] make the case that it is impossible to reform the euro from the inside, and that is why they say that Italy should leave,” Scarpetta added.
Grillo also took a broad swipe at Washington and the transatlantic trade and investment partnership (TTIP) trade agreement, claiming it would turn Europe into a subject of the US in the same way Europe had become a subject of Germany.
The blog could make for especially tough reading for Greek prime minister Alexis Tsipras. “It would have been hard to defend the interests of the Greek people worse than Tspiras did,” Grillo said.
The Five-Star Movement broke through in the 2013 general election, and has emerged as a strong anti-corruption voice. Grillo has supported sustainable domestic energy sources, campaigned against an expensive high speed rail project that environmentalists have criticised, and long argued that the euro favours large institutions rather than small investors.
They have been criticised in some quarters for their populism and for Five-Star Movement's lack of detailed policy proposals.
Grillo, who cannot stand for parliament because of a conviction for manslaughter, garnered unwanted attention in September last year by posting a blacked-up picture of a government minister on their blog, a day after implying Italy's immigration policy could be “re-importing” tuberculosis.
Activist Pai Dao Din is back behind bars indefinitely on lese majeste charges for sharing a BBC story on Facebook. (FB/Jom Petchpradab)
KHON KAEN - The provincial court approved a police request Thursday to revoke bail granted to student activist Jatupat Boonpattararaksa, better known as Pai Dao Din of the New Democracy Movement group.
Mr Jatupat was arrested at a temple in their home province of Chaiyaphum on Dec 3 on charges of lese majeste and breaching computer laws for sharing an offensive link about Their Majesty the King on Facebook.
The court previously released them on the grounds that they had never shown flight risk behaviour and that they could sit their final examination on Dec 8 in order to complete their tertiary education.
Police said they had broken their bail conditions.
They now will await trial on charges of sharing a link on Facebook to a BBC Thai report containing allegedly offensive content about the monarch. The activist was released on bail the following day.
The court also ruled that the bail guarantor, the 25-year-old law student's father, had failed to do their job as guarantor which was to ensure their son conformed to the bail conditions.
The court was convinced by evidence supporting the police allegation that Mr Jatupat had violated bail conditions.
Police alleged one of their Facebook posts since they were granted bail contained rude and insulting language targeting law enforcement officers by implying that the economy was bad and so the authorities always wanted bail money.
The court found that Mr Jatupat has failed to delete the messages they had posted on their Facebook that led to their arrest on the lese majeste charge.
They also made further comments of a similar nature to those in the report and stirred up sentiment on social media in a way which could be construed as an attempt to challenge state power and to show disrespect for the rule of law, according to police.
The court ruled that Mr Jatupat's acts were causing damage to the nation and it was likely they would continue such acts despite the fact that they were a law student and mature enough to realise they were violating a court order not to break bail conditions.
Mr Jatupat showed no emotion while hearing the court ruling. Their lawyer, Athipong Phuphiew, said they would submit a new bail request.
Mr Athipong said Mr Jatupat was unsure of the bail conditions when they were set on Dec 4 because of an absence of clear guidelines. Mr Jatupat needs bail so they can sit an exam at Khon Kaen University, the lawyer said.
The press, the public and democracy itself have always relied on people of conscience speaking out as witnesses of corruption, misconduct and the abuse of power. The whistleblower's vital role is even protected by federal law. But the Obama administration has been waging what filmmaker Robert Greenwald calls a “war on whistleblowers,” particularly those accused of exposing information related to national security. Their new film “War on Whistleblowers: Free Press and the National Security State,” tells the story of four government employees who, in the post 9/11 era, spoke out against official wrongdoing and paid a heavy price. We caught up with Greenwald to learn more.
First, watch the trailer:
Lauren Feeney: Introduce us to the whistleblowers featured in your film.
Robert Greenwald: The first is Franz Gayl, an amazing American hero who spoke up, took on the military industrial complex and was responsible for saving many, many lives by forcing the institutions to introduce the MRAP (Mine-Resistant Ambush Protected vehicle) in Iraq instead of what they had previously been using. By the soldiers' admission and by quite a few others, this was literally a lifesaver of enormous importance.
The second whistleblower is Michael DeKort, who discovered that radios being put on Coast Guard boats were not waterproof, which is really hard to even believe.
The third whistleblower is Thomas Drake, who spoke out loudly about the fact that our phones were being tapped, and that there was surveillance software available that could have done a better job, a legal job, and a more inexpensive job that was not used because of a competing project. They were accused and cited under the Espionage Act.
And the fourth case is Tom Tamm, whose revelations were part of what led to the original New York Times story about the Bush administration's warrantless wiretapping. They had worked for the FBI, and their father had worked there, and they lost their job and paid a tremendous price for speaking up.
Feeney: You call this a “war on whistleblowers.” Why the crackdown?
Greenwald: The national security state — the ideologies and institutions created by the 1947 National Security Act, like the CIA and the National Security Council — believes in all secrets, all the time, and is leading the charge for silence. It is important that the administration and citizens resist this pressure. The crackdown on the national security whistleblowers by the Obama administration is a cause of great concern and unhappiness for whistleblowers, reporters and transparency experts.
Feeney: What effect does this “war on whistleblowers” on our democracy?
Greenwald: The effect of silence and secrets is devastating. Think of all the important stories and issues that have been exposed only because of whistleblowers. We must fight hard to make sure that tradition is upheld. Our action guide tells you what you can do to protect whistleblowers and investigative reporters.
Robert Greenwald is an activist and filmmaker whose documentaries include Uncovered: The War on Iraq, Outfoxed: Rupert Murdoch's War on Journalism and Koch Brothers Exposed.
Northern Ireland's health minister Edwin Poots uses £40k of public funds to fight same-sex adoption BelfastTelegraph.co.uk An Executive minister's £40,000 legal bill for fighting the extension of adoption rights to same-sex couples in Northern Ireland has been condemned as "a blatant waste of taxpayers' money". https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/northern-ireland/northern-irelands-health-minister-edwin-poots-uses-40k-of-public-funds-to-fight-samesex-adoption-29408203.html https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/northern-ireland/article29248509.ece/e2ad1/AUTOCROP/h342/PANews%20BT_N0314331367924092193A_I1.jpg
Email
An Executive minister's £40,000 legal bill for fighting the extension of adoption rights to same-sex couples in Northern Ireland has been condemned as "a blatant waste of taxpayers' money".
The Alliance Party demanded that Health Minister Edwin Poots stop using public funds to campaign on party or personal issues.
"He cannot be allowed to continue spending public money in this way and must be stopped," Assembly Member Kieran McCarthy said.
But Mr Poots revealed they are still considering using departmental funds to make a further appeal on the issue to the Supreme Court.
And they added: "Many in Northern Ireland are opposed to the decision of the Court of Appeal because they hold sacred the traditional view of family life."
The £40,000 cost of the Department of Health's legal challenge against a court ruling on gay adoption was revealed in a written Assembly answer.
Moves to allow gay couples to adopt had been set to the side while the Court of Appeal heard Mr Poots' case. It followed an earlier decision by Belfast High Court, which ruled the current adoption ban on gay and lesbian couples was unlawful.
Lord Justice Girvan said the Department of Health had put forward "no justification to exclude same-sex couples as parties eligible to adopt as a couple".
With Mr Poots indicating they may still not accept the verdict – which would push the final bill even higher – Mr McCarthy said: "This campaign led by the Health Minister on behalf of the DUP has been a blatant waste of taxpayers' money.
"I am appealing to the minister to accept the court's decision and cease any future legal action.
"This law not only affects same-sex couples, but also unmarried heterosexual couples and it is unacceptable that both these groups are prevented from providing a stable and loving home to the many children in our social care system in need of one." Mr Poots said they had not made a final decision about taking an appeal to the Supreme Court.
"My decision will take account of a range of factors.
"This will include a consideration of the cost to the public purse," they said.
"However, it will also include a consideration of the expressed views of many in Northern Ireland who are opposed to the decision of the Court of Appeal because they hold sacred the traditional view of family life and believe that the interests of children are best served by being cared for by a couple in a low-conflict stable marriage.
"Mr McCarthy and others can be assured that, whatever I do, I will be motivated by what is in the best interests of children and young people, who, for a host of reasons, are unable to live with birth parents."
STORY SO FAR
A single gay or lesbian person can adopt children in Northern Ireland, but a couple in a civil partnership can't.
In June, the Court of Appeal dismissed a bid by the Department of Health challenging the High Court decision to lift the ban on gay and lesbian couples in civil partnerships from legally adopting.
The Northern Ireland Human Rights Commission said that the ruling would bring Northern Ireland into line with the rest of the UK.
Belfast Telegraph
A raucous and "very dangerous" gang party that brought 1,000 people to a Near West Side park late Sunday was so out of control, Chicago police struggled to shut it down, one alderman said.
At last we know why Chicago's homicide level is so out of control: Gangs, not police control the streets. The gangs know it; the police know it; and now, thanks to DNAinfo.com/Chicago , we know it. A week ago, Chicago street gangs held a huge party in a park, with a thousand people attending, some brandishing firearms, terrifying neighbors for hours. The police sent 25 squad cars, yet were outnumbered and unable to really do anything. Stephanie Lulay wrote:
Despite calling for police and politicians to address notoriously loud and sometimes violent gang parties for years, neighbors living near Touhy-Herbert Park report that this weekend's massive all-night party that spilled over into the streets was worse than ever. (snip) One area neighbor called the out-of-control party "Armageddon." "Sheer madness, chaos, bedlam, insanity!!!!!" they wrote on Facebook. "It was literally like '[a] calling in the National Guard and SWAT team' situation. It was a party riot." "It looks like a club ... but in the street," another neighbor remarked.
There is a lot more in the article worth reading. It appears that open gang celebrations have been a fact of life in Chicago for some time.
Obviously, there is no political will to take back control of the streets. So everyone gets the message that gangs rule. No wonder the murder problem isn't getting solved.
It would take a lot of money and even more guts to really address what ails Chicago. Effective countermeasures would be called police state tactics and worse. I see no reason for any optimism. Chicago will remain a meatgrinder for urban youth. It is very hard to think of this city as "functional."
Hat tip: Peter von Buol
In the 2016 season finale of the late-night show “Last Week Tonight,” host John Oliver called last year “the worst.” The Oxford dictionaries declared “post-truth” word of the year and Donald Trump won the US presidential election with a campaign that stressed that American society is in decline. Opinion polls conducted in the final months of the campaign showed that 47% of Americans thought life for people like them in the country today is worse than it was 50 years ago; and 49% thought the future would be worse compared to life today. In the UK, the majority of the public voted for Brexit, in part, because of a general sense of discontent with the state of the country. Similarly, populist parties in Europe saw high levels of electoral support in response to messages that their countries are in dire straits.
Understandably, many people have tried to make sense of what happened. Take for example Trump's election in the United States: Commentators have argued that people voted for Trump because of economic anxiety, negative attitudes toward immigration, religion and race, and “a class rebellion against educated elitists.” While many of these insights may contribute to an explanation, they do not reveal the whole story. For instance, the popular belief that Trump's voters were mainly working class turns out to be inaccurate.
Instead, new psychological research suggests that it is not necessarily citizens' personal (dis)content with their lives that matters as much as the perceived Zeitgeist of our time: a powerful shared feeling that society is taking a turn for the worse. In a recent study, one of us, along with colleagues at the University of Groningen, explored how the psychology of doom and gloom reveals how the spirit of our time is influencing people's decisions about divisive societal issues, such as voting for extremist parties.
Surprisingly, we found that a collectively shared sense of doom and gloom about society can exist among citizens who, individually, experience high personal well-being. Importantly, our study, conducted during the 2015 elections in the Netherlands, showed that it is this collectively shared sense of discontent about society that predicted whether people voted for extreme parties of the right and left, not people's discontent with their own lives.
This shared feeling of societal discontent can be conceptualized as an aspect of “Zeitgeist,” the “spirit of the times.” Looking back, it seems easy to identify the Zeitgeist of bygone times. For example, think about the Roaring 1920s, with economic prosperity, jazz music, and a general sense of novelty based on the introduction of many new technologies such as cars, movies, and radio. Or think about the Flower Power of the late 1960s, with anti-war movements, psychedelic music, and the Summer of Love. But how can we define and measure the Zeitgeist of our times?
Recent research has found a way to capture, at least in part, the “spirit of the time.” We proposed that while Zeitgeist was originally a concept used by philosophers, it essentially describes a psychological experience. As such, in its broadest sense, the Zeitgeist can be defined as a collection of shared values, attitudes, norms, and ideas that exist within a society at a certain time. Measuring such a general phenomenon is difficult, but we found a way to capture the one aspect we were specifically interested in: our collectively shared awareness about the state of society, which currently is characterized by a sense of doom and gloom.
We reasoned that this sense of doom and gloom about society is rather tacit, applies to society as a whole instead of any one specific issue, and relates to something that intuitively “we all know to be true.” Individuals have impressions about the extent to which people in general, are pessimistic or optimistic about the state of society. This implicit, generalized, collectively shared perception of how society is doing “colors” more specific ideas and judgments about society. When we think about, for example, what the state of unemployment is in the US or the extent to which the average American encounters crime, one relevant source of information is this perception of society as a whole: If one's impression is that America as a whole is doing badly, then one would infer that the situation for a specific issue would be rather negative as well. If we flip this around, it means that if we ask people about their perceptions about a range of specific societal issues, we can extract their impression of the underlying state of society: a general factor Z.
We tested this method in three survey studies in the Netherlands and the US. To measure societal discontent as a general factor Z, we asked people to indicate on how many out of the last 30 days the average person had encountered problems with a range of 12 to 14 issues, such as crime, unemployment, and corruption. The results supported our idea: we could extract one dimension underlying people's perceptions about life in society, the general factor Z. In short, our approach assumes that there is a latent shared sense of societal (dis)content that influences how bad people perceive things to be for the average person across a range of issues and that this collective sentiment represents a key dimension of the reigning Zeitgeist.
In our recent study, we used this method to investigate whether societal discontent influenced voting for extreme parties. We conducted a field experiment during elections in the Netherlands in 2015.We asked people outside polling stations to fill in a short survey that included our Z-scale. The results showed that compared to the mainstream parties, people with more societal discontent were more likely to vote for the extreme right-wing party PVV (Party for Freedom) and the extreme left-wing party SP (the Socialist Party).
We also asked people how many problems they had encountered in their own lives using the same questions, to assess their personal level of discontent. We found that people thought that the average person experienced societal problems more than three times as often as they do themselves. It thus seems that people have a gloomy perception of what life is like for the average person. And, surprisingly, whereas societal discontent predicted voting for more extreme parties, people's personal discontent did not.
In our earlier research, we also investigated whether societal discontent influences how people interpret news headlines and media stories. We found that people with more societal discontent thought that negative news headlines, such as “US crime rates increase,” were more likely to be true (while this one in particular is not true). They also were more likely to view society as being responsible for incidents that were portrayed in news stories, such as “body of man discovered after lying dead in their house for two years.”
In short, if a sense of doom and gloom about society can influence people's voting behavior, it can influence the direction of a country – and it might already have for the US, the UK, and elsewhere. The idea that society is ill or broken and that someone should “shake things up” in order to change this can motivate people to vote for parties or individuals promising such change, even if people themselves do not directly feel the effects of a “broken” society. This seems to work for politicians promising change through a right-wing agenda, such as Donald Trump, as well as a left-wing agenda, such as Bernie Sanders. An important implication of this research is that societal discontent is not about one specific issue, but rather about a range of issues: People are worried about the economy, and immigration, and healthcare, and crime and safety.
So how does this sense of doom and gloom about society emerge and evolve over time? Although we can only speculate at this point, it is evident that our perceptions about reality are partly shaped by the media, who often invoke cynicism rather than optimism about society. In addition, polarization might be an important factor. For example, when polled about the state of the economy, 83% of Clinton voters thought things were “excellent” whereas 79% of Trump voters thought the economy was doing “poorly.” It is therefore perfectly possible for people who are satisfied with their personal lives to be gloomy about society, and vice versa. In short, in understanding the psychology of doom and gloom, it is key to distinguish people's (dis)content about their personal lives from the knowledge and ideas we collective share that determine the context of our time. As Philosopher George Hegel once wrote “no individual can surpass their own time, for the spirit of their time, is also their own spirit.” Be that as it may, perhaps we can take solace in the fact that we have some power over how we each choose to see the world, and by extension, that offers prospects for the emergence of a more positive and maybe even an optimistic, Zeitgeist.
Hartford is the latest American city to be on the verge of bankruptcy.
Leaders in the Connecticut capital have been soliciting proposals from law firms that specialize in Chapter 9 bankruptcy in anticipation of being strapped for cash in the city's budget, according to the Hartford Courant.
The city is facing a deficit of $65 million in 2018, which is on top of a $14 million shortfall this year, the paper said. Hartford City Hall is now reportedly seeking $40 million in state aid to close the gap.
Mayor Luke Bronin has hinted for months that filing for Chapter 9 could be a possibility and said during their budget release in April that they were “not in a position to rule anything out,” according to the Courant.
Some in the City Council apparently feel that inquiries with law firms on possible bankruptcy proceedings may not be the right approach.
"It's premature,” Hartford City Council President Thomas “TJ” Clarke II told the newspaper. “We haven't exhausted every option and every avenue for us to go down this road."
On Monday, the Council voted in favor of adopting a $612.9 million budget plan proposed by Mayor Bronin.
"None of the decisions we've had to make over the last two years have been easy, and it's hard to celebrate budgets that are bare bones, essential services only budgets. But that's the kind of budget the times demand," Bronin said Monday night according to the Hartford Courant. "I remain optimistic that our legislators from around the state will recognize that the capital city's health and growth is critical to Connecticut's health and growth."
Hartford, is just the latest city to mull over the bankruptcy option. Since 2010 a total of nine municipalities have filed for bankruptcy protection—which is on top of an additional 42 utilities, water districts, hospitals and other municipal agencies that have actually gone full-fledged bankrupt, according to a study from Governing.com.
Some of the larger municipalities that were forced to file for Chapter 9 were the cities of Stockton and San Bernardino in California, Central Falls in Rhode Island, the Pennsylvania state capital Harrisburg, and the largest metropolitan area on the list – Detroit, Michigan.
It was in July 2013 when the city of Detroit -- which was left with nearly $20 billion in debt after decades of mismanagement and loss of industry -- was forced to file the largest municipal bankruptcy in U.S. history.
Hartford has faced similar problems in recent years as more than half of the city's properties are tax-exempt and options for other sources of revenue being limited. Also, the city already has some of the highest property tax rates in the state which makes raising them to cover budget gaps out of the question.
Bronin told The Courant that it's vital that the state helps them come back from the brink of bankruptcy.
"We've made clear for more than a year that Hartford's fiscal challenge cannot be responsibly solved at the local level alone with the tools that we have," Bronin told the newspaper, "and we continue to push hard to build a new partnership with the state of Connecticut to put our capital city on a path to solvency, stability and growth."
State House Majority Leader Matthew Ritter, D-Hartford, said that legislators are trying to support the city.
"Hartford going bankrupt would be the most catastrophic financial thing that ever happened in the state of Connecticut," they told The Courant.
"We will try everything in our power to hit the $40 million target," they added. "It keeps us up at night as much as it keeps you up at night and going bankrupt … would be terrible for the city. It would be terrible for the state. It's not something that any of us want to see and we're going to work very hard to make sure it doesn't happen."
Only one other city in the State of Connecticut has filed for bankruptcy previously.
In 1991, Bridgeport filed for chapter 9 but their petition was dismissed by a federal judge who determined that the city was capable of paying its bills.
This article is over 3 years old
Largest-ever survey of youth mental health has found 10% of all teenagers have engaged in self-harm, and one in every 13 has contemplated suicide
One in four Australian teenage girls has self-harmed, says report
Alarming new figures show one in four Australian teenage girls have engaged in self-harm.
The largest-ever survey of youth mental health found 10% of teenagers had engaged in self-harm, and one in 13 had contemplated suicide. One in 40 actually attempted it.
The two-year survey of 6,300 families found a quarter of girls aged 16 and 17 had engaged in self-harm, with one in five meeting the clinical criteria for major depressive disorder.
One in seven children and young people had experienced a mental disorder in the past year and almost one third were suffering more than one disorder.
Health minister Sussan Ley described the report on Friday as “confronting, sad and shocking”.
Government is funding a mental health system that is failing, Allan Fels says Read more
They were concerned that while ADHD cases were falling, there had been a rise in major depressive disorder.
But it was encouraging that more young people were using support services compared with in 1998, when the Mental Health of Children and Adolescents survey was first conducted, they said.
“As a parent it's heartbreaking to see these prevalent stories of depression, anxiety, self-harm and suicidal tendencies amongst our young people, let alone as health minister,” Ley said.
“We must recognise in years gone by many of these cases we're hearing about today would have simply gone unaccounted for while people suffered in silence.”
Ley said they were proud that most young people were turning to sport and other activities rather than drugs and alcohol to address mental health problems.
Technological advances mean the $6.6m federal government-funded survey is likely to be more accurate than when it was first conducted almost 20 years ago, because young people can now participate without parental supervision.
The government says depression reporting rates almost doubled when young people first filled out the survey themselves.
Mental Health Australia chief executive Frank Quinlan said the distressing figures highlighted the need for more information and a national mental health plan involving all levels of government.
“There's still an uncomfortableness about mental illness that means we don't treat it in the same way we treat other mainstream health issues,” they said.
“The health minister can't solve this on their own – we need the minister for employment, we need the minister for social services and we need the minister for defence and treasury and finance to all come together on this.”
An expert reference group set up by the federal government to map out a plan on how to implement the recommendations of a review of the mental health system will report back to Ley in October.
• Readers seeking support and information about suicide prevention can contact Lifeline on 13 11 14 or the Kids Helpline on 1800 55 1800.
It could've been much worse.
Orlando Magic general manager Rob Hennigan said an MRI exam revealed that Glen Davis suffered “no significant structural damage” when Davis injured their left shoulder Wednesday night.
“After further evaluation by our medical staff, Glen Davis has been diagnosed with a left shoulder sprain,” Hennigan said in a statement. “The MRI showed no significant structural damage. They will be treated non-operatively. Treatment will include rest and subsequent strengthening of the muscles around their shoulder. Their return will depend on progress made during their rehabilitation.”
Hennigan and team officials wouldn't specify how many games they expect Davis to miss, the severity of the sprain or whether Davis dislocated their shoulder. It's possible Davis will require at least a month to rehabilitate their shoulder.
Still, a sense of relief washed over Davis when they learned their injury wasn't as severe as many had feared.
It appeared as if Davis dislocated the joint when they suffered the injury with 47.8 seconds remaining in the Magic's 90-83 win over the Washington Wizards.
Davis went up for a shot, and as they elevated, Wizards center Emeka Okafor fouled him, hitting downward on Davis' left forearm. It was a clean foul, but Davis crumpled to the Amway Center floor. They screamed several times as they lay on their back and clutched theirs shoulder.
Davis received the MRI Thursday morning.
Their absence will thrust rookie Andrew Nicholson, second-year player Gustavo Ayón, sixth-year veteran Josh McRoberts and rookie Kyle O'Quinn into more prominent roles. It's unclear who will start at power forward, but whatever the decision, the younger players likely will receive more extensive playing time.
“He's been great for us,” guard J.J. Redick said after the win over Washington.
“But we need other guys now to step up. We have capable guys that can do it, and I don't expect us to drop off in any way. Are we going to miss them if he's out for more than a couple of games? That's a possibility. But whether it's a week, two weeks, whatever, I know that we have guys who will step up.”
Davis' injury occurred just as they and their team were hitting their stride.
The Magic have won a season-best four consecutive games and have compiled a surprising 12-13 record. They would reach .500 if they defeat the Toronto Raptors on Friday night in Toronto.
Davis and wing Arron Afflalo are the Magic's leading scorers, each averaging 16.0 points per game.
Davis ranks second on the team in rebounding, collecting 7.9 boards per game.
Just as important, the 6-foot-9, 289-pound veteran arguably is the Magic's most rugged, most effective one-on-one defender in the low post.
But Davis' biggest improvement this season has been their attitude. By their own account, Davis is an emotional player, and during their six-year NBA career, their temper has sometimes boiled over, limiting their effectiveness on the court and straining their relationships with coaches Doc Rivers and Stan Van Gundy.
New Magic coach Jacque Vaughn put Davis into a leadership role, naming them a co-captain before the season started. The move forced Davis to be accountable, and Davis has done a better job of setting an example for the Magic's youth-laden roster.
Vaughn and Davis weren't available to comment Thursday, because the team traveled to Toronto and didn't practice.
“There's no question he's been very important for us,” Afflalo said shortly after Davis was hurt.
“We've just got to keep doing what we do defensively as a team. . . . The bigs have been a big part of that, so hopefully they can continue to anchor the defense.”
Josh Robbins covers the Orlando Magic and the NBA for the Orlando Sentinel. You can reach them via e-mail at jbrobbins@tribune.com and connect with them on Facebook at facebook.com/JoshuaBRobbins. Follow them on Twitter at @JoshuaBRobbins.
Donald Trump stood by the much-criticized tweet at an Ohio rally, and doubled down on their controversial statements about the former Iraqi dictator
Donald Trump defended a controversial tweet that many considered antisemitic and reiterated their praise for Saddam Hussein on Wednesday in a rambling, unscripted campaign rally that will compound the fears of Republicans who question if their candidate has the discipline to reach the White House.
The billionaire's rekindling of two controversies distracted from the difficult week being endured by their Democratic adversary, Hillary Clinton, who was excoriated by the FBI over their “extremely careless” use of emails.
Donald Trump blames media in furor over 'antisemitic' Clinton tweet Read more
Joined on stage in Cincinnati by a potential vice-presidential running mate, Newt Gingrich, Trump insisted that the tweet, which consisted of an image of Clinton surrounded by money with the phrase “most crooked candidate ever” emblazoned on a six-point star, should never have been deleted by their campaign.
The tweet containing the star, which resembled a Star of David, was deleted after several hours, although the Trump campaign later said it had not been aware of the connotations of the image.
House speaker Paul Ryan joined critics from both parties in calling the image antisemitic and it was denounced by the non-partisan Anti-Defamation League. It eventually emerged that the image was originally created by a Twitter user with a history of racially charged tweets.
Trump said at their rally on Wednesday that their campaign “should have left it [the tweet] up”. They insisted that those who suggested it was antisemitic were the real racists. “Actually they're racially profiling,” said the presumptive Republican nominee. “They're racially profiling. Not us. Why do they bring this up?”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Newt Gingrich, a potential vice-presidential running mate, takes the stage alongside Donald's son Eric. Photograph: ddp USA/Rex/Shutterstock
Trump also doubled down their controversial statements about Saddam, the former Iraqi dictator who killed hundreds of thousands of their own people.
In a rally in North Carolina on Tuesday, Trump said of the dictator: “He killed terrorists. They did that so good. They didn't read them the rights. They didn't talk. They were terrorists. Over.”
Their praise for Saddam was widely reported and distracted attention from what Republicans had hoped would be the focus: the condemnation of Clinton's email practices by the FBI, despite the decision not to charge them over the use of a private email server for state department business.
The US fought two wars against Saddam, ultimately removing from power after the 2003 Iraq war. They were convicted of crimes against humanity, sentenced to death and executed in 2006.
However on Wednesday, in attempting to clarify their remarks, Trump once against appeared to compliment their anti-terrorist bona fides. They insisted that they actually hated Saddam and that the media distorted their remarks. “I don't love Saddam Hussein,” Trump said. “I hate Saddam Hussein. But they were damn good at killing terrorists.”
Although FBI director James Comey did not recommend an indictment of the former secretary of state, they strongly condemned them and said there was “evidence of potential violations of the statutes”.
Comey's remarks also raised difficult questions over explanations Clinton has in the past given about their use emails when they were secretary of state.
Trump did criticize Clinton's conduct in the email scandal, calling them “crooked Hillary” and attacking them for “false statements”. However, they seemed to be spent as much energy targeting Chuck Todd, the host of NBC's Meet the Press, for their “sleepy eyes”.
Trump also praised the controversial boxing promoter Don King at the speech for “beating the system”. They said that King might speak at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland.
They also heralded former speaker of the House Newt Gingrich as a potential running mate, saying: “I am not saying it's Newt. But if it's Newt, nobody is beating them in the debates.”
Trump is expected to be nominated at the convention in Cleveland in less than two weeks.
“Control is an illusion” but in the dizzyingly uncertain world of Mr. Robot, how much else is, too?
The reality-bending USA thriller made a name for itself in its first season by flawlessly executing an elaborate, brain-melting plot twist: the leader of a group of anti-capitalist hackers, Mr. Robot, was a delusion all along, a figment of protagonist Elliot's broken mind manifested in the shape of their dead father. Now, four episodes into Season Two, another earth-shattering twist may be imminent: According to some astute fan theories, the home Elliot's been staying in while distancing themselves from the financial revolution they birthed isn't a home at all, but rather a prison, a mental institution or a halfway house of sorts, disguised in their deranged mind as the home they grew up in.
If this holds true, the friends and (maybe) new enemies Elliot's made this season could be yet another batch of delusions—or, alternately, fellow inmates or patients, corrupt prison guards or orderlies; the possibilities go on. The theories, mostly pieced together on sites like Reddit, make a lot of sense, given the evidence, which we'll get to in a minute. But in a season that's taken pains to flesh out characters who remained mostly one-dimensional in Season One, it's worth wondering if the apparent buildup to another mind-bending “gotcha” moment is more distracting than spellbinding this time around. Hypothetically, how many twists is a gimmick too many?
Before we get too deep into what another Finchian plot maneuver might mean for the show, let's examine the evidence. Mr. Robot creator Sam Esmail is directing every single episode of Season Two, meticulously injecting each frame with detailed hints, Easter eggs, and possible red herrings (He's a big fan of Stanley Kubrick's, so no reading is too close here.) We open with Elliot—whom we last saw answering a mysterious knock at their apartment door—in a self-imposed digital detox at their “mom's” house, an “analog nightmare” with no internet connection.
They stay in a tiny, bare, one-window room with thick glass doors that slide apart, like in a jail cell. We never hear their mother speak—which is ludicrous enough four episodes in, given how immensely they figured into Elliot's abused psyche in Season One—apart from one time when they bark “What's going on over there?” as Elliot's former boss Gideon visits. (Anytime a visitor comes in and talks to Elliot, they sit opposite them at a table, as if it's visiting hours.)
Elliot's only tool for communication with the outside world is an old-fashioned phone plugged directly into the wall—again, like at a prison or hospital. When Darlene calls them on that phone in Episode Four to plead for their help, she's careful not to detail what kind of “trouble” she's in exactly, as if they know someone might be listening. (She does tell them they “will never understand why you did this,” as if they voluntarily checked themselves into wherever they are.) And everywhere Elliot goes, bar-like imagery seems to follow: in the fence behind the basketball court, in the wallpaper and staircase of their mom's house.
And then there's Elliot's strict daily routine, which includes extremely candid journaling (something a counselor or mental health doctor might have asked them to do), religious group meetings, watching local basketball games, and their daily breakfast/lunch/dinner with Leon, the Seinfeld-obsessed amateur philosopher who yammers on and on with little to no reciprocation from Elliot. We haven't learned how the two met yet, but their friendship is definitely based more on circumstance than personal chemistry.
It goes on from there: Ray, played by The Office's Craig Robinson, seems to be a figure of authority in whatever world Elliot's immersed themselves in. Others address them as “sir” on the basketball court, where they break up a fight, for instance. They know Elliot is good with computers before ever meeting him, and he's able to get ahold of the journal Elliot keeps in their bedroom, as if he's a guard or supervisor with easy access to Elliot's sleeping quarters.
Most crucially, Ray's office computer is treated as Elliot's only internet access point. When Darlene calls them for help with fsociety's “life or death” situation, begging them to log back into the secure chat room they'd always used, Elliot at first assumes helplessness, telling her, “It's not like I can go back to my place.” But we soon see them go to extremes to help their little sister: they broker a deal with Ray to help them with their shady online business (probably some Silk Road-type deal) and begins hacking the freaking FBI to see what dirt they've got on fsociety. Elliot is willing to go that far, but entering their old apartment is off the table?
There are, of course, unresolved complications. If Elliot is in a mental ward, for instance, how are they able to still see Krista, their old therapist? And if he's in a literal prison and already in the law's hands, wouldn't fsociety would have bigger problems than a bullet found in an arcade? Elliot is also apparently able to go outside, into (what appears to be) a park-like area to face off against Mr. Robot in a high-stakes game of chess—though, suspiciously, theirs is the only table around and trees in the park are framed to look like more bars in a prison.
But really, what would another “surprise! you were inside Elliot's delusion all along!”-type twist actually add to the show? As it already stands, watching Mr. Robot has become an exercise in half unconsciously jotting down evidence for pet theories, half actually paying attention to the nuance and emotion of character interactions. Season Two is going out of its way to finally add depth to characters like tough-chick Darlene and newly aspiring Sith lord Angela. But with all the obvious signaling of a major plot twist ahead, scenes that have nothing to do with Elliot—like Joanna Wellick's oddly touching admission of their own vulnerabilities, or Angela's behind-the-scenes scheming—begin to feel more ancillary, even duller than they should.
More, if the show dives into another status quo-changing twist, should we expect one every season? (Esmail has said they envision the show going on for a “max” of five seasons.) The show is indelible as an exploration of disillusionment and isolation; pulling off one neat trick after another risks reducing it to a chain of gimmicks or “gotcha” moments. Not every season has to be a Fight Club or a Memento; Taxi Driver—another Mr. Robot influence—tells just as powerful a story.
But then, it's hard to to believe that Esmail doesn't already know this. They purportedly envisioned the series as a whole from the start (it was originally a movie). And considering how tech savvy and Reddit stalkery they are—he once dropped in on the Mr. Robot subreddit to ask users what they thought of an episode—he likely hasn't been blindsided by how much viewers think they've already figured out. They may have even wanted it this way. Most of the scenes they direct are shot to create a sense of confusion; characters are often squeezed off-center, inciting uncertainty and even paranoia (should I be looking at the character or that window behind them? is something about to pop out?). Maybe this mad scramble to outguess the season is a deliberate part of that confusion. If it is, it's genius—but if it isn't, it's a damn shame.
Top US diplomat David Rank has resigned over Donald Trump's decision to withdraw from the Climate pact
The number two diplomat at the U.S. Embassy in Beijing resigned Monday, telling staff their conscience would not permit them to formally notify the Chinese that the United States is withdrawing from the Paris climate accord.David Rank, a career foreign service officer of 27 years, had been acting ambassador until former Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad was confirmed as the new ambassador last month. They held a town meeting with embassy employees to explain they had offered their resignation and it had been accepted.As the head of the embassy until Branstad arrives, it was Rank's responsibility to deliver a formal notification of the U.S. intention to withdraw from the climate pact.According to a State Department official, who spoke on condition of anonymity to be more candid, Rank was unwilling to deliver the demarche.He told their staff that as "a parent, a patriot and a Christian," they could not in good conscience play a role in implementing President Donald Trump's decision to withdraw, according to a colleague familiar with Rank's comments.Rank's resignation was a display of the diplomatic unease over Trump's decision to exit the Paris accord. Under the Obama administration, climate change was incorporated into the daily business of diplomacy at every level, and Rank was known for their personal concern about the environment. Career diplomats like Rank have been overseeing embassies around the world because of how slowly the Trump administration has been nominating political appointees as ambassadors."Mr. Rank made a personal decision," said a spokesperson for the East Asian and Pacific Affairs Bureau. "We appreciate their years of dedicated service to the State Department."Rank did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Their resignation was first reported by John Pomfret, editor-at-large at SupChina.Adding to the awkwardness, over the weekend another career diplomat broke ranks with Trump after they criticized London Mayor Sadiq Khan for suggesting there was "no reason to be alarmed" by armed police patrols in the city. A few hours later, Lewis Lukens, the acting ambassador of the U.S. Embassy in Britain, used the U.S. Embassy Twitter account to say Khan had shown "strong leadership" in responding to the London Bridge terrorist attack.Foreign Service officers take pride in putting their personal politics aside and representing their country, under both Republican and Democratic presidents, making this type of resignation unusual.The State Department moved swiftly to replace Rank, informing the Ministry of Foreign Affairs that Jonathan Fritz would be the new charges d'affaires, the deputy who heads the mission in the ambassador's absence. Branstad is undergoing diplomat training, and has not arrived yet.Rank, who speaks Mandarin Chinese, French, Dari and Greek, was a China hand who was on their fourth tour in China. Before that, they had been a political counselor at the U.S. Embassy in Kabul, director of the State Department's Office of Afghanistan Affairs.Dan Feldman, who was the Special Representative for Afghanistan and Pakistan when Rank was a senior adviser there, said Rank was the quintessential, nonpolitical diplomat."I couldn't tell you what their politics were until now," they said. "I don't remember having a political conversation with them in which they espoused issues or concern about anything other than serving the president, and the secretary of state, and the interest of the American people."Though Rank told their staff they had expected to retire by the end of the year, being acting ambassador for a large and important embassy like the one in Beijing would have put them line to become ambassador in another, smaller country.---The Washington Post's Simon Denyer in Beijing contributed to this report.
7 years ago by Adam White
Against Me! lead Tom Gabel came out as transgender in the new issue of Rolling Stone magazine. The article states that Gabel has been privately dealing with gender dysphoria for years and will soon begin the process of transition via hormone and electrolysis treatments. Gabel eventually plans to take the name Laura Jane Grace and remain married to their wife Heather.
Rolling Stone has signified this as the first time a major rock star has come out openly as transgender. In the preview article Gabel reflects on the impact of the revelation: "I'm going to have embarrassing moments, and that won't be fun. But that's part of what talking to you is about – is hoping people will understand, and hoping they'll be fairly kind."
The full story on Gabel's transformation will be in the issue of Rolling Stone available Friday, May 11th.
About two weeks ago, I downloaded the pilot for Comedy Central's new animated show Moonbeam City. Clips and ads had been fairly heavy for this series. I rather adore cartoons, so this quickly lodged itself into my must-watch list. But now I have to ask, is it worth pursuing?
With only the pilot to go on, I can't make a summary judgment for or against Moonbeam City. Comparisons immediately flooded my mind making it certainly worth speculating whether or not this toon will rise to the level of Rick & Morty or wallow with the forgotten next to Frisky Dingo. I'm no Vrai Kaiser (who's writing some of the best television criticism anywhere over at The Mary Sue; seriously go check out the Rick & Morty and Steven Universe episode recaps), but I like to think I know what I like and why I like it.
So let's consider Moonbeam City.
It's been a great time for cartoons, or rather, we've experienced an adult animation renaissance over the past ten years with Cartoon Network's Adult Swim and Seth Macfarlane's cash cows (Family Guy and American Dad). But Comedy Central has had a rather poor record with animation.
Although Futurama cultivated a devoted following and no one can deny the impact of the seemingly endless South Park (a show that's reached The Simpsons level of longevity), other animated shows have not only failed but quite simply been unfunny and poorly animated. Drawn Together was a nice premise that quickly became insufferable; Brickleberry was painfully unfunny; and even though Ugly Americans could have been something, it dissolved into inconsequence.
Thus, I have severe concerns about the staying power of its latest offering. However, Comedy Central is pouring voice talent into it: Rob Lowe as protagonist detective Dazzle Novak, Elizabeth Banks as Dazzle's police chief Pizzaz Miller, Will Forte as Dazzle's department rival Rad Cunningham, and Kate Mara as Dazzle's would-be sidekick Chrysalis Tate. Dazzle, Pizzaz, Rad, and Chrysalis: the core police force for Moonbeam City, a locale rooted firmly in a 80s that is equal parts idealized Miami and Los Angeles.
We should never forget just how obsessed with South Florida and Southern California the entire 1980s were. The aesthetics of these cities via tv shows like Miami Vice and LA Law were only rivaled by the decade's fascination with the 1950s and nascent fetishizing of World War II.
It's rather clear that Comedy Central intends this show to be its version of Archer. It's the easiest comparison but not quite as useful as one would like. After watching the Moonbeam City pilot, I felt the need to re-watch Archer‘s first episode, “Mole Hunt.”
In Archer's pilot, Pam and Cheryl were utterly undeveloped. I don't think anyone could have guessed the direction those characters were going to take. In fact, I truly believe that Amber Nash and Judy Greer were more than a bit responsible for dictating the development of the characters Pam and Cheryl. Ditto for Krieger (who has turned into one of the most fun and disturbing characters out there), a character that I don't think spoke until episode four. The big draw to Archer was H. Jon Benjamin, Chris Parnell, and Aisha Tyler.
The strength of Archer‘s pilot was how fluidly it introduced its cast having them interact with the eponymous hero revealing their fundamental personalities and interpersonal dynamics. That pilot also did an excellent job through its animation of establishing a queer Cold War/contemporary environment. Simply put, its world-building was elegantly achieved.
How is Moonbeam City not Archer? Well, for a lot of reasons. Unlike Archer, Moonbeam City doesn't attempt any kind of realism or even satire. If you were to mix the non sequitur that made Harvey Birdman, Attorney-At-Law hilarious and the random violence of Metalocalypse that made it delightfully absurd, then you'll have a rather good sense of the kind of logic you'll encounter.
Next, there's the art. It's painfully obvious the style of animation grows out of the work of ‘artist' Patrick Nagel, best known for the Duran Duran album cover for Rio. It's too easy to let the animation style obscure content. At least, that's the impression I get from the handful of reviews the show has gotten often giving a middling assessment due mostly to the reviewer getting distracted by just this (yet entirely avoiding the fact this art makes having characters that aren't glaring Caucasian nearly impossible). But we shouldn't avoid the legit question, “Does it actually make people laugh or is it just mildly amusing at best?“
Mocking or referencing (whichever you prefer) Nagel isn't new. My personal favorite is the American Dad episode “Fartbreak Hotel” in which Steve goes back in time to discover the muse for a Patrick Nagel painting.
Nagel's art is simply an ‘in' to revel in the absurdity that was the 1980s. Make no mistake, Moonbeam City isn't trying to merely mock the decade (although that certainly happens) or present some imbecilic conception of the 80s by a dipshit planning a frat/sorority party. Moonbeam City is at once smarter and profoundly dumber than any of this, because absurdity demands heighten sensitivity.
I mean, for fuckssakes, a third of the way through the episode a moustachioed Dazzle beckons you with a come hither smile in the midst of a wild spray of Skittles. It's a sex scene with Aiaiaia/Aiashashashe, a quasi-Iranian mall singer whose song ‘Flight of the Windstress' is both a brilliant parody and a fucking glorious tune shaming all current pop music. According to Jesse Schedeen this “'80s-worthy, synth-heavy soundtrack [is] (courtesy of Synthpop band Night Club).”
 They are the mournful dolphin crane
from a starship in the stream
they cloak them in a crystal cape
and a quilt made of their dreams flight of the windstress they summon their dragon friend
and they climb aboard their tail
he's actually a whale flight of the windstress
This is the closest you or I will ever come to having sex with an idealized Nick Offerman. But I'm certain this is what Megan Mullally sees nightly.
The plot of the pilot ‘Mall Hath No Fury' is nonsensical. A mugger robs an elderly woman using the money to become the cocaine lord of the city. Dazzle gets knocked down to #2 Cop on the force, pouts, and ends up managing Aiashashashe. The mugger ‘El Diablo Malo' (“A nickname as uncreative as it is terrifying”) hides in Aiashashashe's band as the rainstick player (alias Manheim Crowkicker, a name that is brutally metal for a synth band) in order to spread their product all over the city. While this is going on, Dazzle and Rad get into a ridiculously violent game of one-upmanship expressed via their management of competing mall starlets. The climax comes in the form of a chaotic and violent mall concert that ends in deportation. So, yeah…fucking great.
I can't help but feel that Will Forte is wasted. Forte has an extraordinary gift for turning the banal and casual into comedic gold through their deadpan normalcy (his portrayal of Barney's friend Randy in How I Met Your Mother was fantastically funny). In this show, their character Rad is an ordinary dick. He's Canadian (a joke that fails to land) and is animated to look eerily like The Joker from the first Batman The Animated Series. Much like Pam, Cheryl, and Krieger from Archer, I can see Rad becoming a much different character if Forte is allowed to make them weird.
Elizabeth Banks is perhaps the most in the groove with their character delivering well balanced lines with what feels like an already thorough understanding of their personality. In contrast, Kate Mara gives a pointless and forgettable performance as Chrysalis, a toon version of Arrow‘s Felicity Smoak. It seems the only joke Chrysalis gets to deliver are corrections of Dazzle's malapropisms. The character also owes more to Diane Nguyen of BoJack Horseman than to anything original.
As an aside, this isn't the only BoJack steal of the series. Keith Olbermann appears in Netflix's BoJack Horseman as Tom Jumbo-Gumbo, a whale who is a 24-hour network news anchor, to provide viewers the necessary backstory to move the plot along while also offering bitterly accurate satirical cultural critique. It's damn funny (squid vs whale jokes aside–I'm not going to explain it to you, just watch it already). In Moonbeam City, we get Genesis Jones, a quasi-Colbert giving us updates that serve to move the plot along but little else that wasn't implied by the characters or could be inferred by viewers on their own.
Back to my point, one has to wonder why Mara and not any other woman in existence? Similarly, Rob Lowe does well as Dazzle but their failure to modulate their tone leaves the character a one-dimensional throw away that gets increasingly irritating. Performances will even out as the series goes on but will viewers be willing to wait for Mara and Lowe to figure out how best to play the characters or for the writers to figure out how best to deploy Forte? I doubt.
According to Variety “the show has also lined up an impressive roster of guest voices for its 10-episode run, including Powers Boothe, Kate McKinnon, Catherine O'Hara, Andy Richter, Susan Sarandon, Molly Shannon, Paul F. Tompkins, Patrick Warburton and Adam West.” I have to wonder if all this voice talent might end up being wasted.
But don't get the wrong idea, there are some brilliant jokes in Moonbeam City. From the bold stupidity of Dazzle's first line “I hope your brain is hungry; it's having bullets for dinner” to Aiashashashe's desire to just “sing songs about prisms and coyotes getting married to ghosts,” there are solid jokes here, good writing writing, and loads of potential.
The next couple of episodes will determine if this series is worth the bother. But I believe it could become something more than just nostalgia riffing and also-ran humor. We'll see come Wednesday 9:30 Central, 10:30 Eastern on Comedy Central.
Advertisements
Buy Photo Artist Ryan C. Doyle works on a mural near Orleans and Division during the Murals in the Market festival on Friday September 18, 2015 at the Eastern Market in Detroit. About 40 artists are on hand creating street art through the week. (Photo: Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press)Buy Photo
“Have you ever seen paint like this?” Ryan C. Doyle asked, shaking a spray can. They neatly misted a line of sheer gray paint on a back-alley wall in Eastern Market. “It's transparent, but there's a little bit of darkness.”
Doyle, a Minnesota native now residing in Detroit who has exhibited around the world, is one of more than 45 local and national artists commissioned for Murals in the Market, a nine-day authorized street art festival put together by Eastern Market Corp., 1xRUN and Inner State Gallery.
The event officially kicked off Thursday, and on Friday many artists started working in earnest. On Saturday — typically the busiest day at Eastern Market — the public will really start interacting with the works in progress. The festival is putting an exclamation point on the city's status as a beehive of activity for street art, including notable commissioned pieces popping up throughout the downtown, recent criminal charges against high-profile artist Shepard Fairey, and ongoing debates over the value of the art form.
Doyle's work is illustrative of the sort of energy at play in the festival. The left side has a car with two half-painted creatures inside; the middle is a mesh of traffic-related items including a stop sign, a one-way sign and a traffic light. On the right is an outline of a giant dog.
“There's a black panther and a white tiger hanging out in a concept car,” they said, unrolling a printed version of the final project. “NOTHING STOPS DETROIT” is the theme, and it's a whirlwind of color, pop art and psychedelic animals.
Doyle pointed to the car on the left side of their mural, where the panther and tiger are just barely finished. “Detroit has so much energy that it's shooting them out and they're going for a spin in traffic,” they said. “They're just a couple of cats being cool, but there are construction and traffic restrictions.”
It's realism with a twist, but some murals are more fantasized. Right around the corner near Orleans and Adelaide is a collaborative piece from Patch Whisky and Ghost Beard (a Detroit native), two last-minute additions to the festival. Their mural — a highly conceptualized neon wall with two monsters — was almost complete on Friday afternoon.
Buy Photo A mural by Patch Whisky and Ghost Beard at the corner of Adelaide and Orleans is seen during the Murals in the Market festival on Friday, Sept. 18, 2015, at the Eastern Market in Detroit. About 40 artists are creating street art through the week. (Photo: Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press)
“This is my signature character,” Whisky said, slightly out of breath. They had been dashing back and forth putting away spray cans. The left monster is his, and it's shooting a plethora of polychromatic water out of its finger at Ghost Beard's monster, which appears to be on the run.
Whisky stopped cleaning for a moment to admire their work. “It's a Monster Awareness Program,” the South Carolina-based artist described with candor. “It's for people who don't believe in monsters.”
Across from Shed 2 on Russell Street, Inner State Gallery's Jonny Alexander was working on a cutaway perspective. “My friends call it ‘psychedelic landscapes,' ” they said, rolling a seafoam green color on the wall.
On Friday afternoon, they had only two sections done, but Alexander was already covered in paint. “Whenever I make murals, I try to include where I am,” they explained. For this particular piece, he's paying homage to Eastern Market by depicting items sold in the sheds. They said their style is really colorful, and he'll be using a combination of earth tones and bright color to make the mural pop.
Most artists like Alexander have received freshly painted black or white walls, most of it on private property that is being used with permission. Some artists are painting directly over existing pieces; Eastern Market has long been a magnet area for Detroit's thriving street-art culture, with painting done in both authorized and unauthorized fashion.
Near Gratiot Central Market, Jeff Soto and Maxx242 were replacing faded artwork with what will soon be pop surreal roses surrounding two skulls and a spray can — adding more spirit to one of Detroit's liveliest attractions.
Buy Photo Artist Jeff Soto (bottom) works on the lower half of a mural they teamed up with Maxx242 to paint off of Gratiot during the Murals in the Market festival on Friday, Sept. 18, 2015, at the Eastern Market in Detroit. (Photo: Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press)
When general crowds roll in for Saturday shopping, Murals in the Market organizers are expecting public interaction to pick up for the festival, which kicked off Thursday with an opening artist reception at Detroit City Distillery. The remainder of the event's programming will include workshops, exhibitions and nightlife, including one after-party curated by event producer Paxahau.
“Today is the first day of painting, and we've already seen a tremendous amount of support,” said Jesse Cory, CEO of 1xRUN. “Word is getting out about the festival, and people will explore Eastern Market in ways that they might not have in the past.”
Murals in the Market
Through Sept. 26
Event schedule, artists, map and more at www.muralsinthemarket.com
Most elements are free
Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/1F7vhJm
Trump campaign chairperson Paul Manafort during RNC
Former Donald Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort quit Trump's campaign in August under a cloud of suspicion, but it now appears that more than potential investigations may have been behind their departure. Manafort was also being strong-armed by someone with inside knowledge of under-the-table payments and a secret meeting between Donald Trump and a pro-Russian Ukrainian politician.
The undated communications, which are allegedly from the iPhone of Manafort's daughter, include a text that appears to come from a Ukrainian parliamentarian named Serhiy Leshchenko, seeking to reach their father, in which they claim to have politically damaging information about both Manafort and Trump. Attached to the text is a note to Paul Manafort referring to “bulletproof” evidence related to Manafort's financial arrangement with Ukraine's former president, the pro-Russian strongman Viktor Yanukovych, as well as an alleged 2012 meeting between Trump and a close Yanukovych associate named Serhiy Tulub.
Leshchenko, a former investigative journalist, has claimed to have no connection to the texts, but whatever their source, the author seemed to have advance knowledge of the investigation launched by Ukrainian officials into more than $12 million in off the books payments supposedly funneled to Manafort. These payments may have continued while Manafort was employed by Trump.
As for the meeting between Trump and Tulub …
The White House did not respond to a question about whether Trump had met with Tulub, a hunting buddy of Yanukovych's who had served as part of government when Yanukovych was prime minister.
Serhiy Tulub is the former coal industry minister and head of the Cherkasy Regional State Administration, and a close associate of Yanukovych. It's unclear what reason they would have had for meeting with Donald Trump.
Late last week, Image Comics released their solicitations for September 2017. Among the solicits was a cover image for The Divided States of Hysteria #4 which featured an image of a public lynching along with a racial slur (directed toward someone of Pakistani origin) as well as genital mutilation. The depicted image of racially motivated violence quickly caused a stir within the comic book industry and across social media with calls for boycotting not only Chaykin's work on The Divided States of Hysteria but Image Comics as a whole.
Over the weekend, FreakSugar Editor, Steve Ekstrom, reached out to comic industry legend and creator of The Divided States of Hysteria, Howard Chaykin, to discuss the ramifications of their cover image as well as to discuss their artistic intent and rationale for the creation of such a horrifying portrayal of race motivated violence for the purpose of storytelling.
Note: For the sake of impartiality and to respect the sentiments of our readers who may be upset by the cover image of The Divided States of Hysteria #4, we will provide a link to the cover instead of openly displaying the image.
FreakSugar: The cover to The Divided States of Hysteria #4 has caused a bit of an uproar on social media. Can you take a few moments to talk about your artistic intent with the image and how your intent coincides with some of the political and ideological issues we're currently dealing with in this country?
Howard Chaykin: To reiterate, and repeat something I've been saying since the first issue came out–any knowledge of what's been said here is second and third hand, since I have a solemn commitment to read nothing about myself on the internet, neither positive nor negative.
That said, I've got a general idea that people–a number of enthusiasts and several of my fellow professionals–seem incapable of separating the depiction from the act.
This sort of sophistry has plagued me for years, so I suppose I should be used to it. But clearly, some shit never gets old. I have to assume a percentage of these earnest, yet apparently willfully ignorant critics haven't read the book–certainly not issue four, which cover seems to be setting their lives on fire today.
If they were actually to read the book, perhaps other conclusions might be drawn–but I'm not optimistic. Despite the fact that I am and have always been a proud member of the American left, I'm being impugned from my side of the aisle–by the sort of people who say such things as “I'm all for artistic expression, but…”
It's that “but” that undercuts all that “…all for…” No, you're not really. If that were the case, there'd be no buts. The only artistic expression deemed acceptable by that “but” is an anodyne pandering to an apparently easily patronized audience.
For the record, the cover depicts the horrific wish dream of some 45% of their fellow Americans. Perhaps if they spent a bit more time paying attention to the fact that the world they were born into is on the brink of serious disaster, they might have less time to get worked up about an image of genuine horror that depicts an aspect of that impeding disaster.
Sorry–I do go on now and then.
FreakSugar: Again, with your intent as an artist in mind, are you consciously wringing your hands and being provocative for the sake of being provocative or are you trying to make a meaningful statement about diversity and fear-mongering?
Chaykin: I have long been on record for my antipathy for horror. I've never been able to abide the giant monsterzilla, nor the creeping dead, Frankenstein, Dracula zombie stuff, or any of that sort of thing. The only Stephen King I read, for example, are their critical essays–this guy knows their way around music, and he's got eyes for good modern genre fiction.
For my money, for my tastes and my experience, the real world in which we find ourselves now is horrific enough.
To be clear, to those members of the community who can't separate the narrative visual presentation of what I and anyone in their right mind regard as a genuinely horrific act from the act itself, I'd suggest you might want to invest some or all of that affronted energetic rage in the midterm elections in 2018.
Or you can still continue to believe that not having your feelings hurt is in the bill of rights somewhere–despite the fact that I'm still not quite sure what all the fuss is about. For the record, apologies are for the guilty.
I take very seriously an idea posited by Bill Wilson and Dr. Bob Smith more than seventy five years ago. That idea is that contempt prior to investigation is the perfect means to remain intellectually shackled to specious ideas.
Me, I'm deeply fond of contempt with all the investigation I can muster. it might hurt my feelings now and then, but I'm better for it.
Cover to The Divided States of Hysteria #1 Reprint Cover to The Divided States of Hysteria #1 Cover to The Divided States of Hysteria #2
FreakSugar: How would you respond to the criticism of violence toward LGBTQ characters in the book? With your history of using transgender characters, could readers misconstrue the act as being provocative in order to be inflammatory? Could you elaborate on your rationale for including transgender characters in your story?
Chaykin: I hope a discursive response is acceptable, because that's what you're going to get.
Anecdotally, my first job with the title “artist” was doing paste-ups and mechanicals–the sort of thing now covered by Photoshop, but in those days, used an X-ACTO knife and rubber cement.
It was me, my boss, an eccentric, and four other employees–Jose, Dani, Ramon and I think Felipe–four Puerto Ricans aged from mid 20's to late 30's. They adopted me, made fun of me, and treated me like a beloved nephew, for which I was eternally grateful.
Every Wednesday and Friday, they would come to work, each carrying a small suitcase–and at six PM, after an hour spent in the bathroom, would emerge as women. We all had cocktails, smoked a bit of weed, and they hit the streets, to supplement their income as hookers–this in a time before the euphemism “Sex Worker” existed.
Mondays were often filled with horror stories of their night lives–lives they had to live to simply get by. I wasn't paid enough to do more than live with my mother, and I doubt their day jobs did more than cover rent–so those rambles on 42nd street were a basic necessity.
I've often thought about that quartet, every time–and it's all too fucking frequent a time–I read about a transgender woman murdered by a man who claimed, after the fact, that they had no idea what they were walking into–you know, the “trap” defense.
I have intimate friends in the transgender community-and I know all too well the strata, the schisms, the disagreements and the judgments that exist within and between the various factions of that world.
Chrissie Silver, the transgender character in The Divided States of Hysteria, has a backstory based on several real people I have known and continue to know. Unlike the others in the narrative, she's guilty of no more than self defense, and is railroaded by a court system that, more often than not, buys into that asupervisorstioned trap defense.
For the record, Chrissie Silver is the moral center of the book–a fact that becomes clearer as the narrative progresses, if those whose heads seem to be exploding with self righteous vindictive rage might actually read the book–but that's not the case.
Frank Villa, the nominal hero of The Divided States of Hysteria, is seriously damaged goods–and their decision to include Chrissie in their plan is subtextual, but it's there for a careful reader, as the narrative progresses.
Again, if the hysterics had read the book, rather than leaping to shamelessly banal conclusions about me and my intentions, this might calm that cohort down–but that train's left the station. Hysteria prevails. That's what it does.
FreakSugar: What are you personal feelings on the current polarized state of American politics? Earlier, you mentioned that the world we live in is “on the brink of serious disaster”; can you elaborate on this?
Chaykin: I was born in 1950–illegitimately, so I guess I can be called a bastard, literally and figuratively. I spent the first four decades of my life assuming I'd wake up one morning a pile of glowing ash, caught in a nuclear exchange between god-fearing capitalism and godless communism.
And just when, according to Francis Fukuyama, history ended, I had to deal with the potential apocalypse of conflict between two sets of religious fanatics–a concern that follows me into my seventh decade.
But all those fears seem puerile and kind of silly. Whereas the drama queen in me–and fuck those who feel that that self reference is cultural appropriation–saw that imminent holocaust in operatic terms, the truth is the third World War which I so dreaded was fought and lost by us in 2016.
My country has become a cesspool of arrogant, over-opinionated and willfully ignorant narcissists on both sides of the political aisle. But while the right seems to operate in a maddeningly cohesive manner, behaving like the cowards who encouraged bullies to beat the shit out of me in grammar school, committing treason in the name of holding to white privilege, the left has become a cadre of entitlement, supplanting that misbegotten white privilege with a series of assumptions about behavior–specifically others' behavior–that creates a deeply hostile victim culture.
And of course, that left has evolved into a culture and community that feels that a white, cisgendered male has no right to tell stories of characters who are not white cisgendered males. Beyond its obvious and ridiculous limitations, this is just one more variety of fascism with a sympathetic and friendly face–from a left that still hasn't figured out a cohesive way to save itself, the country and the world from the crushing monster that my country has become.
Eloi and Morlock.
And that's a contributing factor to why my side of the aisle can't win elections–and why I feel royally fucked, even without this nonsense. Thus, THE DIVIDED STATES OF HYSTERIA.
Pride Variant Cover to The Divided States of Hysteria #1 Cover to The Divided States of Hysteria #3 Cover to The Divided States of Hysteria #6
(This final question was asked on Sunday AFTER Image Comics issued their statement.)
FreakSugar: A statement has been officially released from Image Comics and the cover image will not be published; do you have anything you'd like to offer to people who might feel like the removal of the cover image is an act of censorship or an act of “regressive liberalism” via boycotting the work of the entire company?
Chaykin: I agreed without grudge to Image Comics' decision to pull the cover out of concern for the company, as well as for those colleagues of mine producing work for the company. Image Comics, as well as those talents who didn't opt to join the criticism in decrying the cover, the book and implicitly me, of course–were threatened with boycott by these people.
It should also be noted that a number of those colleagues and fellow professionals wholeheartedly supported this internet criticism. It will be interesting to see if any of this crowd steps out of their anodyne comfort zone and produces something that pisses off enough people to send a little discomfort their way.
I find this doubtful, since this bunch knows all too well how to pander to the comic book audience. Bread, buttered–you get the picture.
I have no regrets in this action, as I abhor the idea of the impact of collateral damage inflicted on anyone not responsible for drawing the attention of these people, who represent themselves as members of the liberal left.
Secretary Clinton phoned in for an interview with the Philadelphia Inquirer and Daily News editorial boards recently and was asked by the Inquirer's Dan Biddle if they would set the example in this race and release transcripts of closed door paid speeches they gave in 2013 and 2014.
Clinton grew notably angry throughout the questioning and was defiant about releasing their transcripts. At one point Clinton claimed to be “bewildered” by the interest in these closed-door speeches, which the Inquirer pointed out earned Clinton more money than an average American earns in several years. “Everybody keeps asking me to do more and more and more …” Clinton said.
Finally when pressed, Clinton said they told various groups about “what they were interested in,” which they claimed was the raid on Osama bin Laden's compound. See below for a full transcript of the interaction:
PHILADELPHIA INQUIRER'S DAN BIDDLE: “Secretary Clinton, Dan Biddle, Inquirer politics editor. It's a thrill to be able to have a live Q&A with you, but I want to come back to those lunches, especially since you just used the words, ‘more public disclosure.' As a citizen, I'm really unsatisfied with your saying you won't disclose the transcripts of those lunch speeches for which you earned more money than most Americans make in several years because your rival candidates, whom you think are less qualified to be president than you won't show us theirs. Especially in light of, you know many Americans have an issue, you know, in many a public opinion survey with your trustworthiness. I really want to know what was said at those lunches, and I would love you to either release those transcripts or convince me as a journalist in this trade for more than 30 years that when a major public official refuses to give full disclosure of a transcript like that, that official or that leader has something to hide.”
SECRETARY CLINTON: “Well, I can only say this: let's make sure everybody is already as transparent as I. I'm sure you pressed Senator Sanders to release their tax returns because of course they haven't.”
BIDDLE: “Secretary, with all due respect, the question is will you disclose the transcripts –”
CLINTON: “No – no. I want to make a broader point because I've already told you what my answer is – when everyone meets the same standards, so will I. You know, I have to be very clear with you: I believe that the American people have more information about me than anybody who has ever run for president. I believe there has been a concerted effort to tear me down, to attack me, to criticize me, and there certainly has been a double standard between me and others who run. And at some point, I have to say, look, let's meet the same standards. Let's start with tax returns. That has been the standard.' I have more than met that standard. People have been poring over my tax returns going back 30 years, and as I said, eight years are posted on my website. That is a very clear difference between me and Senator Sanders, between me and Donald Trump. And I, frankly, am always a little bit bewildered – everybody keeps asking me to do more and more and more, and I have said, let's have the same standards, and I would be happy to do the same. But when you have transparency demands that only I meet and others running do not, you know, it kind of raises a question in my mind of people's efforts to be held to the same standard that I've been held to. So I've been clear, I've been clear for months, when people release transcripts of speeches they gave, I will release mine. But in the meantime, I want to see their tax returns. That's been the standard for decades, and they should meet that standard.”
BIDDLE: “So you won't tell us what you said during those lunches?”
CLINTON: “You know, I talked about my experience as secretary of state, I talked about the world we lived in, I talked about global challenges. That's what I talked about in all of the speeches that I gave. That's why they asked me to come, as they asked Colin Powell, as they asked Condi Rice, as they asked Madaline Albright because when you come out of being secretary of state, all kinds of people from auto dealers to banks to health care professionals are interested in your views about the world. And I probably told the story about the bin Laden raid maybe 25 times because that's what they were interested in.”
photos by CAITIE MCMEKIN/NEWS SENTINEL Pete Owens, director of communications at Dollywood, shows cars for the new Lightning Rod roller coaster on Wednesday. The roller coaster is set to open in March, and features a 165-foot drop which propels riders to 73 mph.
SHARE Workers climb down from the structure of Dollywood's newest roller coaster, Lightning Rod, on Wednesday. It will be the world's fastest wooden roller coaster with continuously welded tubular steel track and urethane wheels for a better ride, Owens said. “And unlike Thunderhead, which runs on steel wheels, this uses urethane wheels 3,800 ft. of track will make up Dollywood's newest roller coaster, Lightning Rod, which is still being built on Wednesday, Feb. 3, 2016. The roller coaster is set to open in March at the start of the 2016 season, and features a 165 ft. drop which propels riders to 73 mph. (CAITIE MCMEKIN/NEWS SENTINEL) The 165 ft. drop of Dollywoods new roller coaster Lightning Rod peeks out from the trees on Wednesday, Feb. 3, 2016. The roller coaster is set to open in March at the start of the 2016 season. (CAITIE MCMEKIN/NEWS SENTINEL) Related Coverage The guide to visiting Dollywood
By Ed Marcum of the Knoxville News Sentinel
When Dollywood kicks off its 2016 season March 18, it will do so with a new roller coaster that's like nothing park visitors have ever seen.
Lightning Rod will not only be the world's fastest wooden roller coaster, but the world's first launching wooden roller coaster as well, said Pete Owens, Dollywood's director of communications.
The coaster, which will have a drop of 165 feet and a length of about two-thirds of a mile, has a wooden structure, but some advanced features designed to improve the ride, Owens said. They described the experience as riders start up for the first hill.
"You will crest the hill; there is a false drop; you will come back up over a hill, and by the time you hit the bottom of a 165-foot drop on the other side of the ridge, you will be going 73 mph," they said. "That makes this the fastest wooden coaster in the world."
And, instead of the traditional chain-lift method for launching wooden coasters, Lightning Road will use linear synchronous motors to propel cars up the first hill at 45 mph.
Lightning Rod uses some of the same construction methods as Dollywood's other wooden coaster, Thunderhead, but also has a continuously welded tubular steel track for a better ride, Owens said.
"And unlike Thunderhead, which runs on steel wheels, this uses urethane wheels, so it still moves like a wooden coaster but has the ride of a steel coaster. It will be quieter and smoother," they said.
On Wednesday, Dollywood gave members of the press a peek at the ride, which is under construction at the Jukebox Junction portion of the Pigeon Forge park. The ride is actually part of a total revamp of that area, Owens said. Red's Diner will get an interior facelift and an outdoor seating area.
"It's already one of the most popular restaurants in the park, and with the new ride we anticipate a much greater demand," Owens said.
A new retail shop called Hi Octane will tie in with the hot rod theme of the Lightning Rod coaster. A food truck with a chicken theme will be added, and Dippin' Dots ice cream will be sold from an Airstream trailer.
Almost everything in Jukebox Junction will undergo remodeling, Owens said.
Since March 2011, a bloody battle between regime and rebel forces in Syria has killed tens of thousands of people, displacing hundreds of thousands, and damaged some of the country's most magnificent heritage sites. UNESCO Director-General Irina Bokova has called for an end to the violence and for the protection of Syria's archaeological resources. But looters and combatants remain deaf to international protests. While detailed information on the extent of the damage is hard to come by due to the security situation, archaeologists and ordinary Syrians have been documenting the destruction with news footage, witness accounts and theft reports.
Crac des chevaliers Built by the Hospitaller Order of Saint John of Jerusalem from 1142 to 1271, the famous Crac des Chevaliers fortress is located in the the Jebel Libnan ash-Sharqiya (Anti-Lebanon Mountains) near Homs. A UNESCO World Heritage site, the Crac des Chevaliers is one of the best preserved Crusader-era castles in the world and has attracted travellers and tourists for millennia. The fortress has been the scene of repeated fighting since June 2012, since it commands a view of the surrounding region. News reports and footage from July 2012 showed rebel fighters who had taken refuge in the massive structure while under attack by the Syrian army, with evidence of mortar shells damaging parts of the edifice.
Old City and Citadel of Aleppo Located at the crossroads of several ancient trade routes, Aleppo bears the imprint of the various peoples who have inhabited or controlled this commercial hub since the 2nd millennium BC, including the Assyrians, Greeks, Romans and Ottomans. The emblem of this ancient city is the 12th century citadel that includes the remains of mosques, palaces and baths; it is a testament to the Arab military power of the era. Initially spared by the conflict, Aleppo was struck by the violence in July 2012, when rebels launched a decisive assault for control of the city. A month later, the citadel was first hit by a shell, and then a fire ravaged the souks of the Old City. While the regime blamed rebel fighters for the damage, opposition activists said the Syrian army was responsible.
The Umayyad Mosque of Aleppo Along with the Old City and Citadel, the Umayyad Mosque of Aleppo is included on the UNESCO World Heritage list. The building, which dates back to the 13th century, has suffered severe damage from the fighting and bombing. Nine months after the outbreak of violence in Aleppo, the largest mosque in the city was seriously damaged.
Palmyra An oasis in the desert northeast of Damascus, Palmyra is situated on the crossroads of ancient trade routes linking the Roman Empire with Persia, India and China, and it bears the imprint of several civilisations. Once a stronghold of Queen Zenobia in the 3rd century, Palmyra has long attracted archeologists and tourists from across the world, who came to admire the ruins of a city that was one of the most important cultural centres of the ancient world. When the Syrian uprising began, Palmyra was not affected by the violence for several months. But in early 2013, fighting broke out in the region. The Temple of Baal was seriously damaged in the fighting between rebels and regime forces. NGOs have repeatedly warned of looting threats at the site.
Qalat al Madiq Located near the ancient ruins of Apamea in Hama Province, the medieval citadel of al Madiq has suffered enormously from the conflict. Images show sections of wall collapsing following heavy shelling by the Syrian army - notably in April 2012, when the rebels had taken refuge there.
Looting In addition to the destruction due to heavy fighting, cultural heritage organisations have also denounced the looting of artifacts due to the turmoil and insecurity in Syria – as was the case in Iraq in 2003. Several Syrian museums have reported thefts, including museums in the city of Homs, where the situation has been particularly chaotic for several months. Interpol has joined UNESCO in warning of an “imminent threat” to Syria's cultural heritage. In early 2012, a theft of ancient mosaics from a museum near the ruins of Apamea was reported to Interpol.
Bosra Another emblem of Syria's ancient cultural heritage is the 2nd-century Roman theatre in Bosra, which until recently hosted shows. Following the Syrian uprising, the walls of an adjacent Roman temple were at one stage draped with slogans supporting the rebellion. ‘‘[The rebels] realised that this way, they could get international attention,'' explained French archaeologist and researcher Mathilde Gelin.
Anti-American leftist fascists aren't satisfied with tearing down historical monuments. They're now slamming the national anthem as a racist “neo-Confederate” symbol.
Keep in mind that liberals never raised this issue during the 8-year presidency of Barack Obama — the nation's first black president. No, they waited until eight months into President Trump's tenure to denounce the Star Spangled Banner as a symbol of racism.
Here's the inane liberal argument: Writer Jefferson Morley claims “neo-Confederates elevated ‘The Star-Spangled Banner' from patriotic tune to national anthem as a way of honoring Southern slaveowners' rebellion.”
Jealous shrews attack Melania. So, when is Hillary going to declare this a war on women?
Morley offers no proof for their race-baiting assertions, which originally appeared in the liberal activist website Alternet and was republished by Salon.
That reminds me: Shouldn't Jefferson Morley change or disavow their “racist” name because it invokes the memory of noted slaveholder Thomas Jefferson? Just sayin'.
The Star Spangled Banner was written by Francis Scott Key in 1814 to memorialize the Battle of Baltimore at Fort McHenry during the War of 1812.
The War of 1812 was between British and American forces and their allies. They were not fighting over slavery.
When writing the “Star Spangled Banner,” Francis Scott Key recalled being filled with awe after noticing that the U.S. flag at Fort McHenry had survived an 1,800-bomb assault.
The U.S. national anthem is a tribute to the American flag; it's not ode for or against slavery.
Moreover, the music for the Star Spangled Banner was composed by John Stafford Smith in 1773 — almost a century before the Civil War. Trying to retroactively tie the national anthem to the pro-slavery movement defies logic.
Former Hillary staffer freaks out when boat with Confederate flag rescues black flood victims
So what's next? Should we tear down the White House (which Barack Obama blithely lived in for eight years) since it was built by slaves?
Here are the lyrics to the national anthem, which has been sung for decades by patriotic Americans of all colors — including the military and Olympic athletes proud to represent the United States.
The Star Spangled Banner (lyrics by Francis Scott Key in 1814; music by John Stafford Smith in 1773)
Oh, say, can you see, by the dawn's early light,
What so proudly we hailed at the twilight's last gleaming?
Whose broad stripes and bright stars, through the perilous fight,
O'er the ramparts we watched, were so gallantly streaming?
And the rockets' red glare, the bombs bursting in air,
Gave proof through the night that our flag was still there.
O say, does that star-spangled banner yet wave
O'er the land of the free and the home of the brave?
On the shore dimly seen through the mists of the deep,
Where the foe's haughty host in dread silence reposes,
What is that which the breeze, over the towering steep,
As it fitfully blows, half conceals, half discloses?
Now it catches the gleam of the morning's first beam,
In full glory reflected, now shines on the stream:
‘Tis the star-spangled banner: O, long may it wave
O'er the land of the free and the home of the brave!
And where is that band who so vauntingly swore
That the havoc of war and the battle's confusion
A home and a country should leave us no more?
Their blood has washed out their foul footsteps' pollution.
No refuge could save the hireling and slave
From the terror of flight or the gloom of the grave:
And the star-spangled banner in triumph doth wave
O'er the land of the free and the home of the brave.
O, thus be it ever when freemen shall stand,
Between their loved homes and the war's desolation;
Blest with victory and peace, may the heaven-rescued land
Praise the Pow'r that hath made and preserv'd us a nation!
Then conquer we must, when our cause is just,
And this be our motto: “In God is our trust”
And the star-spangled banner in triumph shall wave
O'er the land of the free and the home of the brave!
Romeo Beckham is the new face of Burberry
Romeo Beckham, the 10-year-old son of David and Victoria Beckham, was shot by Mario Testino for Burberry's spring/summer 2013 ad campaign.
BY Olivia Lidbury | 17 December 2012
400 225 TelegraphPlayer_TMG9751161
Beckham was handpicked by Burberry chief creative officer Christopher Bailey to star in the brand's new campaign. They described the 10 year-old as "a joy to work with" and claimed they "really stole the show."
IN PICTURES: Romeo Beckham's style
The advert was shot by renowned fashion photographer Mario Testino, long time Burberry collaborator, and the man behind the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's engagement portraits.
SEE: Victoria Beckham's style evolution
Little Beckham alluded to their relationship with the brand last week when they sported a dark Burberry trench coat to the preview of Viva Forever! - the musical created in honour of their mother Victoria's former band the Spice Girls - but no one could have guessed they would be cast alongside Edie Campbell and Charlie France in the new, global advertising campaign.
Romeo Beckham posing alongside Edie Campbell and Cara Delevingne. Picture: Mario Testino
Romeo Beckham stars alongside Edie Campbell and Charlie France in Burberry's new spring/summer 2013 campaign. Picture: Mario Testino
"We had such fun shooting the campaign and I think that comes through in the images which really reflect the upbeat spirit of the collection" says Bailey.
IN PICTURES: Celebrities with model children
In January 2011, Romeo found themselves under the style spotlight aged just eight years when GQ magazine included them in its best-dressed men of the year list.
READ: Romeo Beckham: the most stylish eight-year old in Britain
Arguably the most style-conscious of the Beckham brood, with a fashion designer mother and father who has their own range stocked in H&M, it was only a matter of time before Romeo followed in their parents' footsteps.
We can only wonder what their big brother Brooklyn, 13, is making of Romeo's very stylish - and public turn.
Behind the scenes: Burberry chief creative officer Christopher Bailey shares a joke with Romeo Beckham.
This article is marked as 'retired'. The information here may be out of date and/or incomplete.
Secretariat
Since the earliest days of horse racing enthusiasts have talked about horses with great hearts. Horses who have stood out dramatically from their fellows – who run not only faster, but harder, who never give up until the finish line. It did not refer to a clear-cut physical characteristic, but to a quality of spirit. Imagine then, the surprise when the autopsy on the English racehorse Eclipse – one of the most famous horses of all time – showed them to have a heart more than twice the normal size. An average racehorse of that era had a heart weighing around six pounds; Eclipse's heart weighed fourteen.
Two hundred years later when the Triple Crown winner Secretariat was autopsied, their heart was estimated at an astonishing twenty-two pounds. For comparison the average modern Thoroughbred has a heart weighing eight and a half pounds. Indeed, many of the greatest racehorses of all time: Man o'War, Phar Lap, War Admiral, Citation, and Seattle Slew, among others, are believed to have substantially larger than normal hearts. Great-hearted has ceased to be a metaphor, and become a physiological fact – and one which may explain some of the mysteries of Thoroughbred breeding.
As early as the 1960's, Australian researchers were beginning to study the hearts of Thoroughbreds, and to correlate heart size with performance. They found a strong, positive correlation. They also began to believe that there was a single gene, probably sex-linked, that produced horses with unusually large hearts. However, when they tried to relate their conclusions to US veterinarians, they were ignored or ridiculed because they had no idea where the trait had originated, nor could they point out with any reliability which living horses were likely to have large hearts.
Things have changed a little since then. For one thing, many more Thoroughbreds (as well as Standardbreds and Quarter Horses, which also show the trait) have been found to have large hearts, and their pedigrees have been examined in detail to trace back the common ancestry. For another, there is now a means of estimating the heart size of a living horse. Dr. James Steel, an Australian researcher created the Heart Score, a scale that correlates heart weight, stroke volume, cardiac output, and aerobic power. Using the score, Eclipse
researchers can determine with some degree of certainty whether a living horse has a small, normal, or large heart. Larger scores correlate with larger hearts with the break points between normal and large hearts considered to be 117 for females and 120 for males. Using the data from known large hearted horses, and from over 400 horses measured by a team at the University of Kentucky, the large hearted gene has been tracked through the female lines all the way back to the daughters of Eclipse. Those daughters and their descendants were shipped all over the world, spreading the large hearted X-chromosome throughout the Thoroughbred world. Eclipse themselves may be the originator of the large hearted gene in the Thoroughbred line.
The X-linking of the large-hearted gene also explains one of the most frustrating facets of Thoroughbred breeding. Over and over again, wonderful racehorses would fail to sire wonderful racers. In particular, many sires were known for throwing good daughters, but only mediocre sons. Since a colt only receives one X-chromosome, and that from their dam, a large hearted stallion would have no particular advantage in their sons. Their daughters, on the other hand, would always inherit their large hearted gene. A mare with a large hearted sire might, or might not, have a large heart herself, depending on which X-chromosome they express, but they will carry the gene, and may pass it on to their offspring. So ironically, the stallions known for being great sires were those whose owners chose the mares carefully, with the stallion receiving credit for the mare's contribution.
Large hearts can potentially have a tremendous impact on earnings. In a study of Standardbreds (trotters) by Nielsen and Vibe-Petersen of the Royal Veterinary and Agricultural University of Copenhagen, the 41 stallions with heart scores above 115 earned more than twice the amount of the 81 stallions with heart scores under 115. One can only assume that a study of Thoroughbreds would likely show similar results.
Obviously the large heart is not everything in a racehorse. Poor condition, unsound legs, or a bad temperament can undo any racer, large hearted or not. But all other things being equal, a large heart can make the difference between a good horse and a great one. With all the new information on the advantages of the large heart, and the new pedigree and inheritance information, the discussions of racehorses with great heart is likely to take on a whole new meaning.
Further Reading:
AQJ article on large hearted inheritance
Buddy Cianci has served two stints as mayor of Rhode Island's capital city, and both ended in felony convictions. Now they may try for a third.
Cianci's charisma and shenanigans put them and Providence in the national spotlight - for good and ill - during their 21 years at the city's helm. They say he's leaning toward running again, 12 years after their conviction and prison sentence for overseeing widespread corruption in their administration.
The mere discussion of a Cianci candidacy has been met with dread in some quarters, as some residents and others worry it will hurt the city's reputation.
Cianci calls their 4 1/2-year prison term a "bump in the road" and says what's more important is the good they did in overseeing visionary changes, including moving rivers, building a huge shopping mall and investing in arts and preservation.
"If I were mayor again, I know that could happen. It could happen by sheer personality and experience," they said in a recent interview. "All the things that they celebrate in this city are the things that I did."
Cianci first won the office as a Republican in the heavily Democratic city in 1974 and later became an independent. They were forced out in 1984 after being convicted of assaulting a man they suspected of having an affair with their estranged wife.
They then launched a career as a radio talk-show host. In 1990, they ran again for mayor and won. By 2002, they were out again, resigning after being convicted of racketeering conspiracy and sent to prison for a single count of racketeering conspiracy. They left prison in 2007 and relaunched their broadcasting career with a radio talk show and a TV gig as a political commentator.
John Marion, executive director of the state chapter of government watchdog group Common Cause, said talk of the run paints an unflattering portrait of Providence. City government under Cianci was set up so that it was important to know people to get basic city services, they said. The FBI investigation into citywide corruption, called Plunder Dome, brought down several members of Cianci's administration.
Nikos Giannopoulos, 26, a teacher who moved to the city four years ago, doesn't like the idea of another Cianci mayoralty.
"He represents a Providence that no longer exists," they said. "He's very much the quintessential Rhode Island machine politician, and I kind of feel like that's not really where we want to go."
That's not how Lisa Powers sees it.
"I think it's wonderful. I think we need somebody who really cares," said Powers, 52, who served in the Cianci administration and testified before the Plunder Dome grand jury. "There's nothing wrong with the old Rhode Island and the old Providence."
Cianci doesn't know whether they would run as an independent or a Democrat. The filing deadline is June 25 for the race to succeed Mayor Angel Taveras, who's running for governor.
But there are questions about whether the city has changed too much to give Cianci the votes they need to win. Since Cianci was last elected, the city's Hispanic population has grown, from 30 percent in 2000 to 38 percent in 2010.
Democratic candidate Jorge Elorza, 37, is a law professor, former judge and son of Guatemalan immigrants. They grew up in Providence, and Cianci was the mayor for most of their life.
"He was larger than life when I was growing up. I think everyone will agree, whether you love them or you hate him, that Buddy was a brilliant politician," Elorza said. "These are different times. You can't run a large city on a handshake."
Now 73, Cianci was diagnosed with cancer this year and underwent chemotherapy and radiation. They said their health is good now and won't be an obstacle to serving as mayor.
Cianci knows they have detractors, but they say they have the experience to get things done.  They are considering the run not to redeem himself, they said, but to make a difference.
"I'm an older guy now, and I'm changed in many ways," they said. "People know me in this city. They know who I am. They know what I've done. They don't have to vote for me. It's America."
Get the biggest football stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
West Ham have made a £15million move for Burnley hotshot Andre Gray.
The Hammers are desperate for more ­fire-power and have now added the 25-year-old to their wish list.
They have moved for Gray after ­becoming frustrated in their bids for Sunderland's Jermain Defoe and Scott Hogan of Brentford.
Manager Slaven Bilic is desperate for a breakthrough, fearing that a lack of goals could suck the Hammers into a ­relegation fight.
Burnley is likely to reject the offer for Gray. The striker has been a huge success at Turf Moor since their £7m move from Brentford, having started out in non-league football with Hinckley United.
(Image: Ian Horrocks)
(Image: 2017 Getty Images)
Bilic is also chasing an £8m deal for versatile Ajax defender Joel Veltman.
They know they must shore up a backline that has become increasingly porous, and has swooped for the Dutch international.
Veltman, 24, is a two-time winner of the Eredivisie with the Amsterdam club and has been capped 13 times by their country.
They have just 18 months to run on their contract and their ability to play either at right-back or centre-half will be a big bonus for Bilic.
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
An American Jewish philanthropist purchased nearly 18,000 lottery tickets for the record-breaking Powerball drawing.
Shlomo Rechnitz, a health care magnate who owns 80 assisted living facilities throughout California, purchased nearly 18,000 lottery tickets for all of their employees.
The unprecedented $1.6 billion Powerball jackpot will be divided among three winning tickets purchased in Tennessee, California and Florida.Each ticket is worth $528.8 million, lottery officials said in California, one of 44 states plus Washington D.C. and two US territories that sold millions of Powerball tickets.The winning numbers were 08 27 34 04 19 and Powerball 10, picked in a drawing on Wednesday night. The odds of having the correct numbers: 1 in 292 million.There were indications earlier Thursday that the winner from California was a registered nurse at the Park Avenue Healthcare and Wellness Center in the town of Pomona, about 30 miles east of Los Angeles. The center is operated and owned by Rechnitz.But the nurse's daughter later told The Los Angeles Times that their mother was not the winner and that the entire episode was a misunderstanding.Nonetheless, Rechnitz made sure to give all of their employees throughout California an opportunity to go for the jackpot. In areas where there were no 24-hour convenience stores, they offered local mini-marts cash on an hourly basis in order to stay open so as to enable their workers a chance to buy the lotto ticket.Each ticket that Rechnitz purchased was attached to a card on which they wrote: “We will provide the ticket. You provide the dream.”“I asked Shlomo what spurred them to do this in the first place,” Nass told the Post. “He said, ‘In the new year, everyone wants an extra bit of hope' and they wanted to give everyone that bit of hope.”The other two winning tickets were sold in Munford, Tennessee, and Melbourne Beach, Florida, lottery officials in those states said.Crowds descended on the California store that sold a winning ticket, with customers snapping pictures and congratulating the sales associate. The store will receive a $1,000,000 bonus, lottery officials said.Reuters contributed to this report.
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
“When I tell people I'm a Colourist, they'll often ask me what I think of their hair colour.” It's a funny anecdote, but is also an interesting commentary on the reputation of colour grading in the wider world. Namely – that it doesn't really have one. Most people don't know what a Colourist is, and a lot of us in the film industry don't really understand it. Big machines in nice studios, right?
Story by Paddy Macrae
I caught up with Ros Di Sisto, Colourist at Method Studios in Melbourne, about what it is they do, and why.
“A Colourist is someone who makes pretty pictures” Ros tells me. “It's manipulating images using contrast, colour and light. Kind of like Photoshop on steroids.” Makes sense, but I'm going to delve a little deeper than that.
THE PROCESS
Paddy: Ros, can you tell me a bit about the process? How do you job actually work in a practical sense?
Ros: Most commercial jobs are done within half a day or a day. Once you get in here and you have everyone in the same room, decisions are made fast and things can move quite quickly. We can have anywhere from just the Director in the room, to a whole flurry of agency creatives and clients as well, depending on the size of the job.
Paddy: How do you work in terms of your relationship with the Cinematographer?
Ros: It differs depending on the job. Sometimes the Cinematographer is really involved in the process, and other times I won't even know who shot it. Often they're not asked to come in to the grade, which is quite a new thing, and a bit of a shame. Occasionally a mood board will have been put together for me to reference, or for DPs I have closer relationships with, a phone conversation is enough to make sure we're on the same page. This is more common with passion projects like short films, where there's a big personal investment from the key creatives.
CAMERAS AND FORMATS
Paddy: I imagine the changing camera scene in the past few years has had a big
impact on your job, and what people are delivering you, can you comment on that?
Ros: When the 5D came onto the market, it really took over for a short time. Budgets dropped, and the standards dropped with them. It didn't take long though for people to realise for a really top end look, it just wasn't going to hold up to the higher end cameras.
We have a lot of Reds come through, but I'd say about 60% of what I grade is Alexa, which is great, because it's my personal favorite.
Red can be very beautiful when it's lit well and the DP knows the camera, but for me Alexa feels smoother to grade. Grading is often done by feel, and the Alexa has quite a good feel about it. It handles highlights very nicely, and generally just has a good range of exposure.
It does have a very clean look – which is good for some things, and less so for others. We've also done a few tests with the BlackMagic Cinema camera, which is one I'd like to see more of.
I grade on Da Vinci Resolve, which seems to be developing as the industry standard. It's very intuitive, user friendly, and has very powerful capabilities.
With Resolve, you can adjust luminance without adjusting chrominance, which is its claim to fame, and can be a nice advantage in some grades. Another platform, Lustre, has other great abilities like drawing shapes and mattes more specifically, so there are obviously pros and cons with both. I'd say Resolve is perhaps friendlier, where Lustre is more robust, more old-school.
ROS'S JOURNEY
Paddy: And how do you become a Colourist?
Ros: I started as a Tape Room / Offline Assistant, thinking I'd like to go down the offline path. At the time I was making my own work – directing, cutting and grading, using the limited knowledge that I'd got grading stills in Photoshop over the years.
Offline was a long road – I figured it might take me 5 to 10 years before getting anywhere, and I was enjoying colour more and more. Considering at the time Method Studios (then MRPPP) didn't have a grading suite, I thought it was the perfect gap for me to fill.
After some basic self-training, I decided to start contacting people I knew higher up in the field, and target companies that were doing the best grading work. Soon after, an opportunity arose with Deluxe's purchase of MRPPP, and I threw myself into it from there.
CURRENT TRENDS
Paddy: Watching content from the past 20 years, it's pretty easy to see visual trends over periods. What's in now?
Ros: There's been a huge trend over the past couple of years, which I think has had it's run, which is a fluffy, pastel, C-Log look. This basically just means really high blacks, no contrast and very muted colours. This look can work beautifully on certain things, but as trends go, in my opinion, it has just become a bit overused.
I think the future for grading is in feature film. Commercial budgets are getting lower and lower, and the expectations are getting higher and higher. The nature of accessible digital film making means that budgets are now pretty stifled, which has especially been evident in Television Commercials and the small screen.
Potentially we may see a demise in high-end postproduction at the commercial end, which is a bit sad, because it can only mean a drop in the craft. If you've had the pleasure of going through the experience of using the top end artists and gear, you'll know how superior the results of a professional grade are.
Online is changing the game as well – we now have cinema versions, TV versions and online versions too. This is new ground.
Sometimes we even have to slightly compensate in the grade because we know that the material will only ever see be seen on an uncalibrated and contrast-heavy computer screen. For example, if there were really intricate black level adjustments, and you knew the content was going to be seen mainly on low-end computer monitors which crunch everything, this would be taken into account when adjusting.
Paddy: I can't seem to get away from discussions about 4K, and larger. From a colour perspective – is it worth the bother?
Ros: For the small screen, it makes no difference. A lot of people come in with music clips on tiny budgets and want 5K renders for YouTube release. That's just unnecessary. The human eye simply won't pick it up, and very few screens can show the difference in resolution anyway.
It's great to work from these large files – we have the latitude to do better keys and the resolution to do heavy reframes, but for output, it doesn't need to be anything bigger that HD if it's going to TV or the internet. For cinema, sure, there's a lot more sense in utilising the full frame.
ADVICE
Paddy: Have you got any advice, Ros, for aspiring Colourists?
Ros: If I were going to give advice, it would be to do as much grading as possible, and learn your tools well. Get in touch with film students, and aspiring filmmakers, and try to work on as many different projects as possible.
Find your way around the software so that when an opportunity presents itself, you'll be one step ahead and already have a showreel of work. I had friends shoot things for me just so I could practice my skills. Getting advice from people established in the industry is also a great idea, and talking to other Colourists who may have advice to give.
TIPS FOR SHOOTING
Paddy: Got any hints for Cinematographers that would lead to a better grade?
Ros: The golden rule is that you want your blacks and whites to be as soft as possible. Make sure you're well exposed, and the whole image looks flat; this gives your Colourist the best range to work with.
I think everyone, especially DPs, should experience a professional grade. It's an incredible process of collaboration, and can do great things for the images to bounce ideas around with someone who does it every day. It's worth saving up a bit of cash, picking a project you're proud of, and experiencing a professional grade. Anyway, if the work itself doesn't win you over, the free coffee, chocolate and comfy couches to surely will!
FREMANTLE skipper Nat Fyfe insists he's not surprised by their Virgin Australia All Australian snub, saying they had a "wishy-washy" season.
No Dockers were named in the extended 40-man squad that was released on Monday.
Fyfe missed most of last season with a broken leg and they struggled to recapture their top form in the early part of this year.
But they made a barnstorming finish to the season, stringing together a glut of golden performances in the final eight rounds.
However, it wasn't enough to get the 2015 Brownlow medallist into the extended All Australian squad and Fyfe insists they don't have any qualms about the snub.
"Definitely not unlucky at all. I've had a wishy-washy year," Fyfe said.
"I missed 12 months, and that was enough to put me back amongst the pack.
"But I'm starting to figure out what I'm capable of again. The last eight to 10 games I've figured out how to play footy again, and understand my body, and know what's required."
Fremantle veteran Michael Walters looked a certainty for All Australian selection before suffering a season-ending knee injury in round 18.
The Dockers ended the season with eight wins - up from four last year.
But three defeats by 100 points or more left some big question marks about whether Fremantle's rebuild was on track.
Fyfe is optimistic about what lies ahead, especially after seeing a raft of promising youngsters come through the ranks.
Fremantle handed debuts to seven players this season, with ruckman Sean Darcy, swingman Brennan Cox, defender Luke Ryan and backman Griffin Logue among the best.
"It was a bit of a rollercoaster with the early wins and then some late, terrible losses," Fyfe said.
"But as a whole, I think we have definitely moved forward.
"We've got a plan over a number of years which we've committed to. We're all on that journey at the moment.
"There's going to be some ups and downs. We understand that."
Fremantle is still in desperate need of an out-and-out power forward, but it remains to be seen whether they can lure one its way during the trade period.
Adelaide's Mitch McGovern is reportedly considering a big-money switch to Fremantle.
Fyfe thinks Fremantle already possess the bulk of the list that can take the club to future success, but they wouldn't mind seeing a bit of "fruit on the side" added over the summer.
Meanwhile, vision has emerged of a young Dockers fan being snubbed by Fremantle players when they went to hi-five their heroes before Sunday's 15-point loss to Essendon.
Fyfe said they didn't see the young fan, and they promised the club would make it up to them if they or their mum made contact with Fremantle.
Tesla may be in a neck-and-neck race to be the leader in the electric car market in the world, but its devotees in India will have to wait before riding this global wave.After founder and CEO Elon Musk hinted at a possible India launch this summer, the Silicon Valley maverick took to micro-blogging site Twitter to quash all expectations with a tweet on Monday:“Maybe I'm misinformed, but I was told that 30% of parts must be locally sourced and the supply doesn't yet exist in India to support that,” they said in response to a query prodding for an update on the statement made last February:"Hoping for summer (launch of Tesla in India) this year," he'd tweeted.However, the latest tweet from the serial entrepreneur - famous for setting unrealistic targets - may have only confirmed automakers and car enthusiasts' suspicions that the launch period previously announced may have been too ambitious.At an earlier occasion, Musk had also announced their plans to enter the Indian market post the launch of Model 3 sedan last year and had also reportedly started pre-orders from Indian customers for the same. They had also mooted the idea of setting up a battery plant in India following PM Narendra Modi's visit to Tesla's Silicon Valley factory.
Downplaying ambitions to become House speaker, Moffitt still leads company coordinating 30 legislators' online messaging
Rep. Tim Moffitt, the second-term Republican state legislator who represents parts of Buncombe County, has long maintained that conservatives don't get a fair shake in the press. So they created their own media company, InTouchNC, in December 2012.
The company has provided “a new level of constituent service,” they said in a recent interview.
InTouchNC conducts online operations for about 30 of Moffitt's House Republican colleagues, running websites and social media for them.
The company's extensive content addresses North Carolina legislation, politics and history, emphasizing the GOP's perspective on things.
So far, InTouchNC has made an occasional splash and some money, while mostly sidestepping concerns about how much state legislators can and should forge business relationships with their colleagues.
And aside from an initial burst of publicity after the company's launch — and a publicized spat over a print insert the company commissioned in the Asheville Citizen-Times — Moffitt's side project has received little media attention.
Now, a Carolina Public Press investigation has documented a new level of detail about InTouchNC. Campaign finance reports, along with interviews with Moffitt and others, reveal much about the company's scope and operations.
Among our findings:
• InTouchNC has received more than $55,000 in payments from the campaign committees of dozens of state legislators.
• The company's top client has been Moffitt himself, with the legislator paying their company $9,500 from their own campaign funds.
• According to Moffitt, they did not vet the idea of establishing the company with the State Ethics Commission, contradicting an early media report that said they had done so.
• A number of legislators who have received the company's services have listed no expenditures to InTouchNC in their campaign finance reports. Moffitt said they are paying by other means.
• The company's print project — a tabloid-sized newspaper called The Raleigh Digest — will continue despite the dispute that occurred after it appeared as an insert in the Asheville Citizen-Times last November. In addition, InTouchNC recently diversified, taking on some non-political clients as well.
Moffitt has asserted all along that the enterprise is above board and a beneficial form of outreach to constituents. But InTouchNC entered a heated political landscape without much precedent, charting its course while Moffitt, no stranger to controversy, seeks both reelection this year and, potentially, a greater role in state politics.
The birth of InTouchNC
In a lengthy interview at their south Asheville home and office in late April, Moffitt told Carolina Public Press that they founded the company to counter what they thought were faulty depictions of the work they and other legislators were doing.
When Moffitt was first elected in 2010, “I was relying on the news media to keep me informed and abreast of what was happening, to give me the straight skinny,” they said. “But as I witnessed what was actually happening and read how it was being reported, I felt like it was grossly inaccurate a significant amount of the time.”
Moffitt was particularly dismayed, they said, by media coverage of their legislative activity. So, in early 2012, they launched a website to explain their take on the situation.
Fellow legislators “were appreciative of what I had created, and they wanted to know if I could do the same for them,” Moffitt said.
“That's how it all started. I realized, ‘I can do it for you, but it's going to take a lot of my time and it's going to cost money, but if this is something you want, then I'll go ahead and put it together.' And that's when I launched InTouchNC.”
InTouchNC purchased 170 website domain names, for all of the state's 120 House and 50 Senate seats. (Moffitt's own site, for example, is at nchouse116.com.)
Moffitt said the company wasn't patterned after any previous initiatives in North Carolina or elsewhere.
“We just figured it out,” they said.
Peggy Kerns, director of the National Conference of State Legislatures' Center for Ethics in Government, a Denver, Colo.-based nonprofit, said she's never heard of an arrangement quite like the one Moffitt has put together with InTouchNC. Lawmakers are increasingly engaging in social media, they said, but this is the only case she's aware of wherein a state legislator runs a company that handles online operations for colleagues.
Documents detail InTouchNC's income
InTouchNC offers tiers of services, which start at the rate of $250 per month.
“The basic package provides a constituent-service website, a companion Facebook page and a Twitter account,” Moffitt said. Most of their clients have all of their online content produced by the company, but some opt to write some of their own.
“They can elect to have more personal involvement with the content,” Moffitt said. “It's an additional expense for them but it does allow them to have some editorial control.”
Henderson County Rep. Chuck McGrady, for example, has used the service in that way, writing their own copy to add to the boilerplate messages appearing on the company's websites.
“It's been a helpful way for me to get information back to my district,” McGrady said of InTouchNC's services.
At the same time, they don't always see eye to eye with the company's content, and sometimes opts out of it appearing on their website.
“On occasion, they have put something out that I might not agree with, and I have said, ‘No, I don't want that. That doesn't reflect my views,'” McGrady said. “For example, Tim (Moffitt) was the lead sponsor on the regulatory reform bill. I voted against it, so I told them I did not need their commentary (about the bill) on my site.”
McGrady has paid InTouchNC $7,000 so far, exceeded only by Moffitt, who has paid the company $9,500.
In all, InTouchNC has received at least $55,200 from state House members, according to a CPP review of campaign finance reports spanning from January 2013 to April 2014. A few of the clients have documented no payments from campaign funds; Moffitt said those individuals are paying by other means.
The reports show that the clients have differing definitions of what, exactly, InTouchNC does for them. Some say they pay the company for constituent services, while others categorize the expenditures as payment for media outreach, website hosting, fundraising or office expenses.
Moffitt: InTouchNC faces no ethics concerns
Shortly after Moffitt founded InTouchNC, NC Insider, a news service that covers the General Assembly and the governor's office, published a report on the company.
The article quoted Moffitt as saying they had “thoroughly vetted” the concept of the business with the State Ethics Commission before launching it. Among the commission's functions is advising legislators on questions regarding potential conflicts of interest.
However, Moffitt told CPP they did not take that step. “No, I didn't run it by the Ethics Commission,” they said. Instead, “I reviewed the ethics laws to make sure that I wasn't going to violate any.”
Moffitt said he's sure the company's operations pose no ethical quandaries. Some lawyers who are elected to serve in the N.C. General Assembly, they pointed out, do business with some of their legislative colleagues. “I don't think this is any different than that,” they said of InTouchNC's situation.
And as for paying their campaign funds to a company they own, Moffitt has no qualms. “I don't see a conflict there,” they said. “The conflict would be if I wasn't paying for it.” State law prohibits corporations from giving gifts to lawmakers, including free services.
Josh Lawson, spokesperson for the State Board of Elections, declined to discuss the particulars about InTouchNC, but said this: “There is nothing in our rules or statutes that prohibits a lawmaker from directing campaign funds to a company they own, so long as the expenditures are documented properly and meet the requirements for approved uses of those funds.”
Kerns, from the National Conference of State Legislatures, said that “a legislator actively soliciting clients from their colleagues may mix up their business with the action of making public policy; that's where this could get muddy.” But they stressed that they aren't familiar with Moffitt's company and how North Carolina laws regulate it.
Chris Cooper, an associate professor of political science at Western Carolina University, said that because InTouchNC is owned by a legislator who's making money from their colleagues, the company can't escape at least something of a perception problem.
“Even if it's legal and ethical, I think it reinforces a lot of what people hate about politics — the sense that there's a political class that's reinforcing itself,” they said. “It raises a lot of interesting questions about how legislators benefit one another financially.”
That said, “It's not that unprecedented for folks to be making money off of politics at the same time they are part-time legislators,” Cooper noted. They cited the example of state Sen. Andrew Brock, a Davie County Republican who runs a political consulting firm, Brock Communications.
Asked for a reaction to Cooper's critique, Moffitt said that, first of all, InTouchNC isn't enriching him. “It's a net loss for me,” they said. They said they pay four staffers to run the company's operations.
As for concerns about potential conflicts of interest, “I'm disappointed by that perception, because I want this to be appreciated for what it is: Keeping the public engaged with what we are doing and letting them know what's actually taking place,” Moffitt said.
The Raleigh Digest dust-up
According to Moffitt, informing the public was also the chief goal of The Raleigh Digest, a 48-page tabloid that InTouchNC paid to insert in a November issue of the Asheville Citizen-Times.
“We created Raleigh Digest because we're in a digital age, but not everybody is participating in the digital age,” Moffitt said. “Even a lot of our clients were having difficulty appreciating the value of a digital presence, and they wanted a newsletter.”
So, they said, the company began repackaging its content, first in PDF form, and eventually with a print edition.
The cover of the publication pledged to explain “What really happened last year in Raleigh.” Its contents were largely drawn from InTouchNC's websites, with an emphasis on items that explained and defended key pieces of legislation passed in 2013 by the GOP-led General Assembly.
The insert drew complaints from some Citizen-Times readers because it wasn't labeled as advertising and could have been mistaken for actual news coverage.
In an open letter, UNC Asheville journalism professor Mark West called the situation “a major failure of journalistic ethics.”
The newspaper's publisher, Dave Neill, ultimately said that the insert “was political advertising, loosely defined,” and should have been identified as such.
Moffitt said the complaints were much ado about nothing. “That was a faux protest,” they said. “There are people that are just opposed me generally, whether it's because I'm Republican or because I stand up to the city of Asheville. They're just opposed to me, so they take issue with anything I do.”
The Raleigh Digest, Moffitt maintained, wasn't fundamentally political.
“The issue that people tried to create with it was that since didn't have this huge disclaimer on there that it was political advertising, that that's a problem,” they said. “I disagree, because it's not political advertising. It's not advertising any candidate, it's discussing legislation. I don't want it to be seen as a political document, because it's not.”
One of the articles in the publication, titled “How Local Government Works,” drew particular criticism. The article noted that the General Assembly has the power to both establish and abolish local government entities, including cities.
The article mentioned no city in particular, but was illustrated with a photo of Asheville City Hall, leading some to question if the image was meant as a veiled threat to officials in Asheville, whom Moffitt has often sparred with.
Asked why that photo was chosen for the article, Moffitt said, “Because I have a sense of humor.”
Moffitt said that a new edition of The Raleigh Digest will be forthcoming. “We're already ready for the next one, we just haven't decided when to print it,” they said.
And InTouchNC will continue to diversify its operations, they said. It's in the process of developing a mobile app, and recently started doing commercial print work for churches and small businesses.
“We're a full-fledged media company now,” Moffitt said.
A role in Moffitt's political future?
Aside from the revenues and publicity IntouchNC has generated, Moffitt's company has also built a statewide roster of legislative clients, all of whom are fellow House Republicans.
The clients represent districts ranging from District 1, in North Carolina's northeast corner, to District 120, in the westernmost part of the state, and include Speaker of the House Thom Tillis, who's paid the company $3,000 so far.
At a March meeting of the Henderson County Republican Party, Tillis, who's now running for the U.S. Senate, touted InTouchNC's print publication.
“I don't know about you, but (the Citizen-Times) doesn't seem to be too thrilled about conservative values,” they said, holding up a copy of The Raleigh Digest. “Rep. Moffitt tried to do a good job of inserting this and getting it out, and I think it caught some of the editors' hair on fire. But it'll tell you about a lot of the good things we've done.”
Could IntouchNC's network of business relationships assist Moffitt in pursuing their reported interest in replacing as Tillis as House speaker?
That's not the plan, Moffitt told CPP, at least not yet.
“It's flattering to be talked about as a potential candidate for speaker,” they said. “Am I interested in it? I think anyone who's been (in the House) probably has thought it would be a neat thing to become speaker. My interest is no more, no less, than anyone else's. I mean, I've got lots of responsibilities, and I'm not really even focused on that at all.”
Schools Struggle to Keep Pace With Hackings, Other Cyber Threats
—Lauren Grabelle for Education Week
New survey data show IT leaders underestimate cybersecurity challenges
A wide range of cybersecurity threats are sweeping through the education sector, sowing discord and costing public schools significant time, money, and trust.
Criminal hacking groups have terrorized and extorted school communities. Email scams have led to identify theft, fraudulent tax returns, and stolen public funds. Mistakes by district staff, third-party vendors, and other outside groups have left teacher and student information vulnerable.
Still, the country's K-12 information-technology leaders are likely underestimating the dangers they face. Most don't see cybersecurity threats such as ransomware attacks, phishing schemes, and data breaches as a significant problem, according to a new survey by the Consortium for School Networking, or CoSN, and the Education Week Research Center.
Even more troubling, many school technology leaders are failing to take basic steps to secure their networks and data. Just 15 percent say they have implemented a cybersecurity plan in their own district, the survey found.
That's not good enough, said Keith Krueger, the CEO of CoSN, a professional association for K-12 technology leaders.
"The challenges are becoming more sophisticated, and everyone is at greater risk," Krueger said.
Many experts agree.
In February, for example, the Internal Revenue Service issued an "urgent alert" about scammers targeting school districts, with the aim of fraudulently obtaining employees' federal W-2 forms, payroll information, or other data that could be used to steal money and file false tax returns. Dozens of districts fell victim to such attacks.
And last month, the U.S. Department of Education issued a fresh advisory, warning of criminal hackers seeking to take advantage of schools' weak security by stealing or locking up their sensitive data, then holding them for ransom. The announcement followed hacks of schools in Iowa, Montana, and Texas believed to be perpetrated by an overseas criminal group known as Dark Overlord.
All told, at least 235 K-12 cybersecurity-related incidents have been reported by media outlets since January 2016, said Douglas A. Levin, the CEO of consulting group EdTech Strategies. Far more have almost certainly gone unreported, they said.
The threat is many-sided.
While often overlooked, staff and students are frequent sources of cyber mayhem, Levin said—some because they're out to cause harm, others because they don't know any better.
School districts have also done a poor job of ensuring that outside companies provide adequate cyber protections. The CoSN/Education Week Research Center survey, for example, found that nearly 3 in 4 district IT leaders say they are not "adding security safeguards to vendor negotiations."
And while the K-12 sector has spent heavily on digital devices, software, and bandwidth, investments in cybersecurity have not kept pace. That's left many districts IT departments understaffed and under-resourced—just as they're being asked to fend off the types of attacks that have overcome such corporate titans as Equifax, Target, and Yahoo.
"In general, our data and IT systems are under assault," Levin said. "It would be negligence on the part of K-12 leaders to believe that somehow schools don't represent a big new target."
To better understand the cybersecurity challenges facing schools, Education Week talked with school leaders in Arizona, Connecticut, Montana, and Texas about the cybersecurity incidents they faced, and how they responded.
‘The Threat Is Real'
Dark Overlord hackers attack Columbia Falls, Mont., schools
Steve Bradshaw was looking at another terrifying email message.
An overseas criminal hacking group known as Dark Overload had already compromised one of the servers used by the 2,100-student Columbia Falls, Mont., school district, where Bradshaw is the superintendent. The hackers had stolen reams of sensitive information, including special education and behavioral-health reports on children, and sent parents graphic messages threatening their children with violence. And in a seven-page ransom letter, the group had promised an “immense and unfathomable amount of financial and reputational harm” if Columbia Falls failed to meet its demand for $150,000 in a cryptocurrency known as Bitcoin.
—Lauren Grabelle for Education Week
Now, the hackers said they had breached the district's internet-connected security-camera systems. The message said they had been watching the law-enforcement officials outside the school, accurately describing their location and movements.
For the first time in their 42-year career, Bradshaw said, they started sleeping with their shotgun.“It was a full-blown crisis,” they said.
The attacks spread to 32 schools throughout Montana's Flathead Valley, affecting 15,000 students. The FBI got involved. Columbia Falls shut down for three days. When schools reopened, parents wanted to maintain armed patrols of the hallways.
After the threats of violence were deemed not credible, Bradshaw's district decided not to pay the ransom. But two months after the attack, the threat of a massive release of sensitive student data still hangs over the area. And the Dark Overlord hackers have apparently branched out, claiming credit for similar cyberattacks of schools in Iowa and Texas.
Bradshaw attributes their district's vulnerability to a number of factors. Not long before the hack occurred, they said, the Columbia Falls' IT director had retired, and the 2½-person department had lost one of its part-time staff members.
During the prior years, Bradshaw said, the district had also neglected to upgrade its servers or purchase new cybersecurity software. The money instead went to buying digital devices for students, interactive white boards, virtual-reality science-lab software for classrooms, and better Wi-Fi access for schools.
“The tech came on fast,” Bradshaw said. “And there were a lot of things we didn't really understand that you shouldn't do anymore, like leaving access to our servers through outside entry points.”
That combination of more technology, new threats, and underinvestment in security is common inside many of the nation's schools, said Keith Krueger, the CEO of the Consortium for School Networking.
Most districts don't have a staff member dedicated specifically to cybersecurity, CoSN recently reported. And many district IT leaders have been slow to grasp the severity of the threat they face. Just 27 percent said ransomware attacks similar to what happened in Columbia Falls are a significant problem, according to results from a new CoSN/Education Week Research Center survey.
“K-12 is not a sector with huge technical capacity,” Krueger said. “The threat is real, and there needs to be more awareness.”
‘We Should Have Known Better'
Glastonbury, Conn., schools fall victim to phishing scam
In February, a new central-office employee in Connecticut's 6,000-student Glastonbury schools received an email that appeared to be from one of their colleagues. The message requested that they send W-2 tax information for all the district's 1,600 employees.
They obliged.
In August, however, federal prosecutors said the message was actually sent by Daniel Adekunle Ojo, a Nigerian citizen who had been living in North Carolina. In August, Ojo was charged with fraud and identify theft; authorities say they used a fake email address to steal Glastonbury school employees' information, then file 122 false tax returns seeking a total of $596,897 in refunds. Ojo has pled not guilty to the charges.
Such scams are pervasive throughout K-12, said Douglas A. Levin of EdTech Strategies, who has been tracking cybersecurity incidents in schools for almost two years.
Among other districts where sensitive employee information was successfully phished: Manatee County, Fla., where hackers obtained the names, addresses, wages, and Social Security numbers of more than 7,700 school employees; and Atlanta, where scammers stole more than $56,000 from employees by successfully rerouting their direct-deposit payments.
Fake emails were also recently used to scam districts in Boulder, Colo., and Lake Ridge, Ill., out of hundreds of thousands of dollars in school construction funds.
Given such losses, Levin said, it's surprising—and alarming—that fewer than half of district information-technology leaders describe phishing attacks as a significant problem.
One contributing factor: With so much recent attention and legislation around student-data privacy, many schools have been focused on identifying what information is collected from students and how it is used, rather than on how to keep safe the full scope of sensitive information on their networks.
That was the case in Glastonbury, Superintendent Alan Bookman said in an interview with Education Week.
But after falling victim to the phishing scam, Bookman said, their district has revamped training to provide outside guidance to administrative staff in departments such as human relations and payroll, where sensitive employee information is kept. Protocols around staff-email use are stricter. And all Glastonbury employees are now required to pick up duplicate tax forms in person.
“We should have known better,” Bookman said of the mistakes Glastonbury made.“We're living in a different world.”
‘Nothing We Could Really Do'
Pflugerville, Texas, schools compromised by others' missteps
Victor Valdez is laser-focused on cybersecurity.
As the chief technology officer for Texas' 24,000-student Pflugerville Independent school district, Valdez said they face cyber threats every day. One of their responses: “hiring a third-party company to come in and hack us, so we can find out where we're vulnerable and clean things up.” Another strategy is to constantly monitor Pflugerville's network, a tactic that last school year led Valdez's team to identify and staunch a sudden, unexplained surge of traffic from Europe.
Still, such vigilance hasn't been enough.
This past spring, an unknown number of the district's employees—including Valdez himself—had their names and Social Security numbers compromised, as a result of a breach at the Texas Association of School Boards.
TASB is a statewide nonprofit group that, among other things, administers an unemployment-insurance program for Texas school employees. Spokeswoman Barbara Williams said TASB officials learned in May that personal information for more than half a million of those employees, in roughly 900 school districts across the state, had been posted publicly on the internet.
The association has spent months trying to notify everyone who may have been affected, offering a year of free credit monitoring and identify-theft resolution services, Williams said. The group has also stepped up its training, monitoring, and security procedures. There have been no reports that any of the compromised information was misused, according to Williams.
But for hundreds of other Texas districts, the breach is just another example of how even the best-laid K-12 cybersecurity plans can't cover everything.
“It's tough,” said Valdez. “Short of communicating with our employees, there's nothing we could really do.”
Struggling to Maintain Public Trust
Tucson, Ariz., loses control of its website
“We don't mess around when it comes to security!”
That's the promise that Jupiter, Fla.-based company SchoolDesk, which creates and maintains websites for school districts, made in its $64,500-per-year contract with the 47,000-student Tucson, Ariz., schools.
Despite such assurances, though, hackers breached one of SchoolDesk's servers earlier this month, temporarily redirecting roughly 800 school district websites around the country to Arabic-language messages in support of the militant Islamist group ISIS, as well as an image of former Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein.
Tucson was one of the districts affected, leading to a spate of concerned news stories and social-media messages. A spokesperson for the Tucson district said the site “was restored to normal in a matter of hours.” A statement from SchoolDesk said the company was cooperating with law enforcement to find the hackers responsible and “user data is secure and unaltered.”
Outside experts say the incident highlights a couple of the big cybersecurity challenges facing schools.
Sometimes, hackers mostly want to create mayhem, said Douglas A. Levin of EdTech Strategies. That's what happened when outsiders recently took control of the official Twitter accounts of Florida's Fort Lucie school district and Nevada's Foothill High School, in Henderson.
Related Blog
And ensuring that vendors provide strong information-technology safeguards has proved particularly difficult for K-12 schools, said Missouri State Auditor Nicole Galloway, who has been examining school cybersecurity practices in their state.
Technology contracts should outline who is responsible for preventing and detecting breaches, and what steps will be taken if a problem occurs, Galloway said. But that's not typically what happens, leaving schools open to considerable risk.
“If a school district is financially responsible for monitoring credit scores or hiring attorneys or forensic specialists, that's money that doesn't go into the classroom,” Galloway said. “And if a breach does happen, it can hurt parents' perception of how their district is handling technology.”
Vol. 37, Issue 14, Pages 1, 10-11
Published in Print: November 29, 2017, as Schools Struggle With Hacking, Other Cyber Threats
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Back to Top
Walmart has some amazing Black Friday sales coming up this week!
Starting Now with their PRE BLACK FRIDAY SALES
This year Walmart Canada has 2 Black Friday flyers, the first one you will be able to get the items at their marked sale price wither in-store or online. While the other flyer lists sales that will only be available online!
The in-store sales start when your local Walmart opens for the day on Friday November 28, 2014 and runs for 4 days.
The online exclusive sales start at midnight, when the clock turns to Friday November 28, 2014 (it doesn't state which time zone)
Sales Include:
Magic Cook Kitchen Playset $50
9 Pack of Hot Wheels $5
16GB iPad Mini $228 + FREE $20 Walmart Gift Card
16GB iPod Touch $176
16GB iPad Air$398
Beats by Dr. Dre Headphones $129
$50 iTunes Gift Card $45
Duracell Family Pack of AA Batteries $5.97
PS4 Dualshock Controllers $39
PlayStation 4 Bundle $449.99 + FREE $75 Walmart Gift Card or get Grand Theft Auto V
Select Movies starting at $2.97
Select Video Games for Xbox One & PS4 Starting at $24.94
LG Microwave $78
Wrangler jeans $9.88
Boys and Girls Licensed Pajama Sets $5
Pajama Bottoms for the whole family $5
Munchkin Metal Baby Gate $24.94
6'5″ Spanish Spruce Christmas Tree $89
Evenflo Smartfold Travel System $99.94
Rubbermaid 5o Piece Storage Set $14.88
Orville Redenbacher Popcorn $2.88
Harmony Youth Booster Seats $10 each
Rain X Windshield Washer Fluid $8.88
10KG Alaskan Premium Ice Melter $5
See Walmart Canada's Black Friday Flyer Here (Click “Flyers” at the top of the page)
CEDAR RAPIDS — Leaders of a Cedar Lake advocacy group say an $8.8 million master plan released Thursday could transform the 120-acre lake north of downtown into a recreation area where the community can fish, kayak and enjoy a stroll.
The proposal from Friends of Cedar Lake calls for spending $550,000 for a boat house, $1.3 million for landings for canoes and kayaks, $1 million for a curved pedestrian boardwalk that illuminates at night and $1 million for roads, parking and trail improvements.
“It feels like the stars are aligning to do this now,” said Felicia Wyrick, a leader of the Friends group.
Revamping the lake has been on the to-do list for years, but had always been at the bottom, they said.
The Friends group is working with officials from Cedar Rapids and Alliant Energy, which owns the lake, on a Cedar Lake Study Committee with an eye toward rehab.
Significant hurdles remain to making the plan come true — including that it is privately owned, that the millions envisioned in the plan need to be found and that studies are needed to determine whether the lake bottom's sediment poses environmental concerns.
The lake had been used to cool water for the adjacent Alliant Energy power plant, which was demolished after the 2008 floods. Talk of transforming the lake into a recreational area has existed for decades, but the power plant shutdown created a new opportunity. The city of Cedar Rapids and Alliant have expressed interest in making the lake public.
People were enthusiastic about the proposal released Thursday. About 75 people attended the unveiling at Shores Event Center.
“I like illuminating the pedestrian bridge with lights and the wildflower area,” said Robin Mehaffey, 65, of Cedar Rapids, looking at artist renderings. “It will be nice to be able to take advantage of the water we have here.”
They also liked a proposal for walkways to access the lake, rather than having to “bump across the tracks and curbs” while riding them bike.
Rob Stephan, 27, of Cedar Rapids, said they were glad to see a focus on improving fish habitat and therefore fishing, and making the lake more aesthetically pleasing. The shallow lake and lack of rocks or other underwater structures inhibits fish repopulation, they said.
“Everyone thinks of it as a slew, with three-eyed fish,” they said. “If we start seeing flowers and a nice shoreline, that would make this look a lot better.”
Public art, shelters, fountains, an underpass trail connection from the lake to downtown and environmental protections are factored into the $8.8 million cost.
The costs include:
• $200,000 for south cell island improvements, a 32-acre section with most visibility to Interstate 380;
• $450,00 for park shelters;
• $430,000 for landscaping;
• $500,000 for miscellaneous site amenities;
• $520,000 for underpass beautification;
• $400,000 for earthwork, erosion control and knoll improvements.
Thirty percent of the $8.8 million is estimated for soft costs, and 10 percent is reserved for contingencies.
Costs could be covered by grants and fundraising, said Dale Todd, a leader of Friends of Cedar Lake.
ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW ADVERTISEMENT NEWS AND SPORTS The day's top stories right in your inbox. I am above 13 years of age, and agree to sending policies. SIGN ME UP Thank you for signing up for our e-newsletter! You should start receiving the e-newsletters within a couple days.
Targets include an Iowa Department of Natural Resources lake restoration grant and the Resource Enhancement and Protection grant.
Todd said the group hopes the City Council will consider the plan this spring, so it can begin fundraising immediately and then improvements in 2017.
The decision by a major New Jersey Jewish newspaper to include the wedding announcement of two men in its “Lifecycle” section (and then to apologize, and reverse policy soon after) is fueling a debate about the role of Jewish newspapers in the communities they cover.
The uproar at the New Jersey Jewish Standard comes less than four years after the Conservative movement began permitting rabbinic officiation at same-sex unions, and as growing numbers of people in the Orthodox world are taking a more lenient position toward gay and lesbian Jews. In February, Yeshiva University hosted a panel on “Being Gay in the Orthodox World” and this summer more than 100 Orthodox rabbis, educators and mental health professionals signed onto a “Statement of Principles” that urges respect for homosexuals but stops short of condoning same-sex relationships. (The Reform and Reconstructionist movements have welcomed LGBT Jews for several decades.)
And while the Standard is now re-evaluating its policy, according to a statement released this week, several other Jewish newspapers around the United States report that they have begun including same-sex announcements without garnering major criticism. Justin Rosen and Avi Smolen, whose wedding announcement appeared in the Sept. 24 issue of the Standard (and remained on the website as of Tuesday), were the first same-sex couple to appear in the paper's Lifecycle section. And they may be the last.
The paper, following criticism that it said came from several rabbis in the heavily Orthodox area, issued an editorial this week apologizing for its decision to include gay marriages in its pages. The apology drew several hundred letters to its website, nearly all critical of its policy reversal.
Get Jewish Week's Newsletter by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
“We set off a firestorm last week by publishing a same-sex couple's announcement of their intent to marry,” according to the statement issued Monday by the Jewish Standard. “Given the tenor of the times, we did not expect the volume of comments we have received. A group of rabbis has reached out to us and conveyed the deep sensitivities within the traditional/Orthodox community to this issue. Our subsequent discussions with representatives from that community have made us aware that publication of the announcement caused pain and consternation, and we apologize for any pain we have caused. We have decided, therefore, since this is such a divisive issue, not to run such announcements in the future.”
Smolen told The Jewish Week in an interview Tuesday night that they and Rosen submitted the announcement online as “part of the normal routine” of a to-be-married couple, unaware that they would be the first same-sex couple to be published in the Standard. When the paper's editors expressed some hesitancy, they submitted to the Standard the written policy of Philadelphia's Jewish Exponent, which now accepts notices from gay couples.
Many of the couple's friends in Bergen County, including members of the Orthodox community, supported the paper's decision to carry the announcement, Smolen said. “It's just unfortunate that a small segment of the Orthodox community pressured the paper to make that [policy] change. My anger is not particularly with the paper — my anger is with that segment of the Orthodox community.”
The controversy over the paper's decision followed the suicide last week of a gay student at nearby Rutgers University whose sexual liaison with another man was broadcast, without their knowledge, over the Internet.
The comments of several people in the Jewish Standard's online edition this week referred to the Rutgers tragedy.
New Jersey recognizes civil unions, which includes same-sex marriages.
“It is such an incredible insult to think a newspaper would censor itself based on pressure from certain homophobic members of the community. I hope this reaction to such censorship, and to the recent suicides of gay children due to isolation, harassment, abuse, and social shunning will make you reconsider your misguided, shortsighted decision,” one person wrote. Others called the paper's change of policy “disgusting and abhorrent,” “craven and ridiculous,” “absolutely despicable,” “shameful” and a “shande.”
“This decision makes sense, in crass and venal sense: the ‘traditional/Orthodox' community is large and spends a lot of money that the Jewish Standard's circulation and advertisers care about a great deal,” another person wrote. “It's just sad that the rage of bigots and filthy lucre count for more than the lives and loves of other human beings.”
The paper may be having another change of mind.
“We did not expect the heated response we got, and — in truth — we believe now that we may have acted too quickly in issuing the follow-up statement, responding only to one segment of the community,” Publisher James Janoff said in a statement on Tuesday. “We are now having meetings with local rabbis and community leaders. We will also be printing, in the paper and online, many of the letters that have been pouring in since our statement was published.
“We urge everyone to take a step back and reflect on what this series of events has taught us about the community we care so much about, and about the steps we must take to move forward together,” said Janoff, whose family has published The Standard since 1931.
The New York Times began publishing same-sex commitment announcements in 2002, and according to its website “more than 1,000 U.S. newspapers (nearly three-quarters of the total) have followed suit.”
Jewcy, an online Jewish magazine, declared this week that “we are no longer readers of The Jewish Standard due to this decision,” and a writer for Tablet, another online Jewish publication, said this week that “By refusing to run paid announcements from fellow Jews, and by kowtowing to but one segment of the community, the paper has chosen to ‘affiliate' with one ‘point of view,' doing the precise opposite of [the Jewish Standard's policy of] ‘giving expression to all phases of Jewish life.'”
Representatives of the Jewish Standard declined to comment on this issue to The Jewish Week this week, and the North Jersey Board of Rabbis, which includes rabbis from the major denominations of Judaism, did not respond by deadline to a request for comment.
Steven Goldstein, chairperson of Golden State Equality, called the paper's announcement that it would stop publishing same-sex announcements “disgraceful,” and they told The Bergen Record, “I can't think of a more divisive policy.”
The Buffalo Jewish Review, which does not publish same-sex union announcements, drew heavy criticism in the city's Jewish and general community several years ago when it declined to publish an advertisement that named the gay identity of a performing group, but several Jewish papers contacted by The Jewish Week say they have published same-sex announcements without drawing significant criticism.
(The Jewish Week does not have a weekly social page, but is currently exploring policy options.)
J., the Jewish weekly, in San Francisco, regularly carries same-sex commitment notices. The Jewish Exponent in Philadelphia started publishing such notices about a year ago, said Lisa Hostein, the paper's executive editor. The community reaction, they said, was “overwhelmingly positive.” They said people asked her, “What's the big deal?”
The Exponent announced its policy change in a column by Hostein last October. “The shift … illustrates the changing thinking of not just a publication, but the Jewish community as a whole,” they wrote. “While we want to be sensitive to [the Orthodox community], the new policy is a reflection of the Exponent's effort to be as inclusive as possible.”
The Jewish Herald-Voice in Houston published its first same-sex announcement, accompanied by a major feature story on the couple, about a decade ago, and received “no official complaints, no official accolades,” said Michael Duke, associate editor.
The Jewish News of Greater Phoenix has published the one same-sex announcement it received since it opened its pages to such notices last year, said publisher Flo Eckstein. The paper received “no reaction,” they said. “We just published it.”
The American Jewish Press Association, the umbrella group of Jewish publications and writers in the U.S., was unable to state how many member papers now publish same-sex announcements.
According to the announcement in the Standard, Smolen, 23, is a development and communications associate at the Manhattan office of Keren Or, the Jerusalem Center for Blind Children with Multiple Disabilities. Rosen, 24, is a master's degree candidate in public administration at New York University's Robert F. Wagner Graduate School of Public Service and at the Skirball Department of Hebrew & Judaic Studies for a master's of arts in Jewish studies.  They are a Wexner Fellow taking part in a leadership development program for emerging professionals in the Jewish community. Smolen's father, Robert, is the principal at the Gerrard Berman Day School Solomon Schechter of North Jersey in Oakland. Rabbi Joshua Gruenberg will officiate at the ceremony at North Shore Synagogue, a Reform congregation in Syosset, L.I.
steve@jewishweek.org
CLOSE Christoph Waltz may be sitting in the shadows of this 'Spectre' trailer, but as the newest James Bond villain, he's sure to be a highlight of the upcoming film. VPC
Daniel Craig as James Bond in 'Spectre.' (Photo11: Sony/MGM/EON)
James Bond had a license to kill at the box office and executed with a $73 million tally, according to studio estimates.
Daniel Craig's fourth turn as James Bond easily outpaced a strong showing for The Peanuts Movie, which still thrived at $45 million in its debut.
Both movies provided a needed spark to a box office that has been slumping — down dramatically last weekend vs. the year before in what was an overall tough October for new releases.
"It's a great story, James Bond and Charlie Brown, two iconic characters over 50 years old," says Paul Dergarabedian, senior box office analyst for Rentrak. "It took Bond and Brown to get the box office back on track."
Spectre is the second-biggest Bond opening behind 2012's Skyfall, which took $88.4 million. The U.S. tally fell short of analysts' initial expectations for the weekend, following Spectre's record opening in the United Kingdom.
"Unquestionably, this is a big, big success in America, the second-biggest Bond movie debut ever here. And this is already a smash global success," Dergarabedian says.
Spectre, which scored $9.1 million on 374 IMAX screens, received a mixed reception from critics, with a 62% approval rating on RottenTomatoes.com. Audiences gave it an A- grade on CinemaScore.
The 3-D computer animated Peanuts marked a strong return for the beloved comic strip characters, who hadn't appeared on the big screen since Bon Voyage, Charlie Brown underperformed in 1980. Director Steve Martino and screenwriter/producer Craig Schulz, son of Peanuts creator Charles M. Schulz, carefully developed a film that honored fans.
"They obviously took their time with this project and did it right," says Jeff Bock, box office analyst for Exhibitor Relations. "And Peanuts will have legs through the holiday season. All signs point for this to be the beginning of a new Peanuts franchise. This opening is exactly what the filmmakers needed for that."
Peanuts was a hit with critics, receiving an 86% positive rating on RottenTomatoes.com. Audiences gave it an A on CinemaScore.
Matt Damon and The Martian continued to excel with $9.3 million and third place in the movie's sixth weekend. The Ridley Scott-directed film has $197.1 million total at the box office as it chugs into awards season.
Jack Black stars as R.L. Stine in 'Goosebumps.' (Photo11: Sony)
Jack Black's role as children's horror author R.L. Stine in Goosebumps continued to pull in young audiences for post-Halloween thrills, taking fourth place with $7 million in its fourth weekend ($66.5 million total).
Tom Hanks' and director Steven Spielberg's Cold War collaboration Bridge of Spies rounded out the top five with $6.1 million in its fourth weekend of release for a total of nearly $55 million.
Final numbers are expected Monday.
For more on Spectre, listen to USA TODAY's Mothership podcast:
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1iLx23X
The U.S. National Security Agency (NSA) and the Pentagon have inserted software and hardware “implants” into nearly 100,000 computers around the world, according to a report in the New York Times late Tuesday.
Most of this effort appears involve surreptitiously sticking surveillance software into target PCs via the network, but some of it involved physical access. It's hard to remotely target a so-called “air-gapped” computer that has no network access, so the NSA also uses small radio transceivers when it can, either in a tiny circuit board (which would suggest manufacturer involvement) or hidden in a USB plug. The transceivers communicate with equipment held by an NSA field operative, who can be up to 8 miles away.
Advertisement
These techniques were already revealed in a series of stories in Der Spiegel at the end of last year (that included the above picture). However, although it's vague on the split between software and physical implants, the NYT story does add a sense of scale, along with a few other interesting details:
The NYT knew about some of this back in the summer of 2012 – a year before the Snowden revelations began – when it reported on U.S. attacks against Iranian nuclear facilities. However, it withheld the information “at the request of American intelligence officials”.
The Chinese military is a major target, particularly the elements that conduct “cyber-attacks”. Official sources told the NYT that these implants are generally used to detect incoming threats.
The U.S. “set up two data centers in China – perhaps through front companies – from which it can insert malware into computers.”
That last bit apparently comes from the Snowden documents, and to be honest, even though it doesn't name names or locations, I feel a bit squeamish about its revelation. That said, given the amount of interaction the writers of the piece clearly had with senior sources in the NSA and U.S. military, I would hope that anyone who might worry as a result of publication had plenty of warning.
Before the Church Lady, "Wayne's World" or Hans & Franz, Dana Carvey was a stand-up comedian. The "Saturday Night Live" alum is getting back to their roots when they go behind the mic at the Paramount tonight.
Here are 10 things you might not have known about Carvey, 57, along with comments from the comic:
1 They turned down taking over "Late Night" from David Letterman.
When Letterman moved to CBS at 11:30 p.m. in 1993, NBC's "Late Night" was up for grabs. Before Conan O'Brien was considered, Carvey was offered the spot but they declined.
"I wasn't sure how I would have managed five hours of TV. Maybe I could have done it if I was single, did the show and just slept."
2 "The Dana Carvey Show" was ahead of its time.
The 1996 variety sketch show featuring Carvey, Steve Carell, Robert Smigel and Stephen Colbert with Louis C.K. as head writer seemed like a dream team. But it didn't take off.
"Doing a variety show in prime time is a tough nut to crack. Having it on ABC perhaps wasn't the best choice. We almost went to HBO."
Sign up for Newsday's Entertainment newsletter Get the latest on celebs, TV and more. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
3 President George H.W. Bush loved Carvey's impression of him.
The 41st president got a real kick out of Carvey and the two would send letters to each other and attend benefits together. Bush even invited them to stay at the White House.
"He's become almost a father figure to me. They always said , 'Ya never hit below the belt. Never went downtown ... in that nether area.'"
4 Garth from "Wayne's World" is based on their brother.
The character Garth Algar's verbal manner and their tech nerd background stem from Carvey's older brother, Brad.
"I took the cadence of my brother's voice and exaggerated it. I actually enjoy talking like that. There's something about that weird rhythm."
5 They were supposed to star in "Bad Boys."
Michael Bay's "Bad Boys," originally titled, "Bulletproof Hearts," was supposed to feature Carvey and Jon Lovitz instead of Will Smith and Martin Lawrence. Being a new father, Carvey was overwhelmed and had to pull out.
"I had a half-a-million dollar guarantee that I had to give back. When you get into a corporate movie and they back up a Brinks truck, you are just lost and untethered."
6 He's not fond of "Clean Slate" or "Trapped in Paradise."
Because of the poor quality of these films they dropped out of the industry for six years.
"I thought they were horrible and I gave up within a week of shooting. They were two quick, stupid mistakes but I stopped there."
7 They had a botched heart surgery.
Carvey went in for bypass surgery for a blocked coronary artery in 1997 and the doctor operated on the wrong artery. After a $7.5-million medical malpractice lawsuit, they got the right one.
"It was very bizarre to have a bypass on the wrong artery. My cholesterol was 450 all throughout my 30s. I was a ticking time bomb. Luckily, I'm fine and have no damage from it."
8 A Hans & Franz movie was written but never made.
Carvey and Kevin Nealon developed "Hans & Franz: the Girly-Man Dilemma," but when they pitched it to Arnold Schwarzenegger, they passed.
"The script was hilarious on an Austin Powers level. We integrated Arnold so much into it that the project ran out of steam when they turned it down."
9 The Church Lady is a state of mind.
The character of the Church Lady is not so much about religion as it is attitude.
"The put-down kind of thing is electric. It is about complete confidence and superiority. I feel like they were the forerunner for Simon Cowell and Judge Judy."
10 They were in the next room when Frank Sinatra died.
Carvey was on the floor at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles on May 14, 1998, when Frank Sinatra breathed their last breath.
"Frank Sinatra died six feet from me. When I was getting my final angioplasty, they put them in the room next to me."
SAN JOSE, Calif. -- The Anaheim Ducks collectively kept their celebrations to a murmur, refusing to show any postgame excitement Sunday night except for the first career playoff goals by three of their youngest forwards.
It was a showcase of the level, veteran cool you'd expect from a team two years removed from a Stanley Cup -- even after that club just tore through the NHL's toughest road arena and took two games from the league's best regular-season team.
Andrew Ebbett broke a tie with a goal from an awkward angle with 10:16 left, and the Ducks stunned the San Jose Sharks with another defensive gem in a 3-2 victory in Game 2, jumping to a 2-0 lead in the first-round playoff series.
Jonas Hiller made 42 saves in their second outstanding effort, while Bobby Ryan and Drew Miller also scored their first playoff goals. Just as their 2-0 Game 1 victory, the eighth-seeded Ducks were defensively tough and offensively fortunate against San Jose, which lost just five home games in regulation during the entire regular season.
"We knew we could play well," Hiller said. "But to come into the rink of the best team in the league and win the first two games, we don't expect that, although we have to think it's possible. ... I'm sure this is not what people expected from us. We have the two wins, but the Sharks are still the best team this year."
Ryane Clowe's goal early in the second period ended more than 174 minutes of scoreless playoff hockey for the Sharks dating to last season, but San Jose couldn't rally despite another monstrous edge in shots.
An eighth seed has beaten a top seed seven times in the NHL playoffs since 1994, and playoff-tested Anaheim is ripe to add its name to the list. San Jose must win four of the next five games, including two in Anaheim, to avoid what would be a disastrous end to a 117-point season capped by the franchise's first Presidents' Trophy.
"I'm not too sure that the guys in there, after the two games, I think if you went through and asked each of the guys, they'd think they're the better team," said Todd McLellan, the Sharks' rookie coach. "They're not getting the puck luck, and you have to give Anaheim credit. They found a way to win."
Game 3 is Tuesday night in Anaheim.
Jonathan Cheechoo also scored, and Evgeni Nabokov made 23 saves for the Sharks, who outshot Anaheim 44-26 after a 35-17 edge in the Ducks' 2-0 Game 1 victory -- but San Jose dropped to 0-for-12 on the power play in the series after going scoreless in six chances in Game 2.
Although an NHL playoff neophyte, Hiller again showed off the resilience they learned as a star in the top Swiss league and the world championships. Yet the rest of the Ducks know about playoff toughness from experiences the Sharks just can't duplicate in the regular season.
"I don't think that we recognize the pressure, as much as you guys seem to want to put that exclamation mark on it," Ducks coach Randy Carlyle said. "[Hiller] played in some real intense games for us down the stretch. He's a veteran guy from the Swiss league and world championships. They know what pressure is about. What he's got to do is just do their job. They don't have to win the hockey game for us. He's just got to give us a chance."
The Sharks' frustration only was heightened in the third period when the Ducks scored on Ebbett's fortunate deflection and Miller's rebound shot through traffic in a 3 1/2-minute span, while San Jose managed only Cheechoo's goal with 6:06 left.
McLellan broke up their top-line pairing of Joe Thornton and captain Patrick Marleau for Game 2, moving around their top two scorers but rarely icing them together. It didn't generate much new offense, but Clowe came through after a turnover by Ebbett, slipping the puck past three defenders to snap the Sharks' playoff scoreless streak at 174 minutes, 2 seconds, dating to their four-overtime elimination loss to Dallas last spring.
"I don't feel a lot of panic around here, that's for sure," Clowe said. "We're going to go on the road, and maybe we'll be a little more relaxed. We'll probably get some of those bounces. That's the way it goes sometimes in a long series. I thought we worked hard enough to get some bounces, but obviously we were hitting posts like there's no tomorrow. That's the playoffs."
In the third period, Ebbett deflected the puck off the back of Nabokov's pad from near the goal line on a play set up by the speed of Teemu Selanne, who slipped behind the San Jose defense and fired the puck on net to set the sequence in motion.
Miller then put the Ducks up 3-1 on a rebound goal with 6:43 to play, but Cheechoo reduced the deficit 37 seconds later by barging past two defenders for a score. The Sharks kept pushing, and Christian Ehrhoff hit the post with 2:10 to play -- but Anaheim controlled the puck for much of the final minute, preventing the Sharks from threatening.
"It's not like we've been spanked and we've got our tail between our legs," McLellan said. "We play the same way, do the same things, create the same number of chances, eventually it'll go in for us, and we'll continue on."
Politics
WASHINGTON — Hardly a week goes by that we don't read about the Republican Party's “political problems” in the news media, which insist the GOP has become widely unpopular with voters.
The Democrats, on the other hand, are portrayed as a unified party with rarely a disagreement among them. They are the dominant political force in the country by virtue of their victory in the 2012 presidential election, slight gains in the House and Senate, and, well, the people who need to be in charge of the nation's government.
But a closer examination of the political lay of the land reveals the far different story of the GOP's growing strength in recent state elections, its much broader structural base in our political system, and the expectation that Republicans will make House and Senate gains in the midterm elections in 2014.
It hardly merits a peep in the Washington news media, but the Republicans control a large majority of the nation's governorships, including many Democrat-leaning states.
The GOP holds 30 of the 50 governorships, winning 23 out of the 37 gubernatorial elections in 2010, the year the Republicans crushed the Democrats in a wave election that was seen as a nationwide repudiation of President Obama and their party's big-government, big-spending policies.
Twenty of these GOP governors are up for re-election next year. Many are in heavily Democratic states that are politically pivotal presidential battlegrounds in the upper Midwest that could shape the political climate for the 2016 race for the White House.
But these GOP executives have proven to be far more successful than Democrats anticipated, turning around their economies, cutting budgets, eliminating deficits — and getting higher job approval polls, to boot.
Ohio's John Kasich, Wisconsin's Scott Walker, Iowa's Terry Branstad and Michigan's Rick Snyder are among the GOP's new crop of state superstars, some of whom are being seen as possible presidential contenders.
And their success on bread-and-butter economic issues has produced a sharp contrast with the Democrats' abject failure in Washington to get the weak, high-unemployment national economy back on track and running again.
That contrast turned sharper this week when the Gallup Poll reported Thursday that Obama's economic approval score has plummeted to the mid-30 percent range in a new sign that more voters are growing increasingly angry over their failed economic policies.
“Despite President Obama's renewed focus on the nation's economy this summer, they scored worse with Americans on the economy than they did in June,” Gallup said.
“His approval on the issue, now 35 percent, is down seven percentage points, and their ratings on taxes and the federal budget deficit are each down five points,” the polling service reported.
Here in Washington, the 2014 election focus is on whether the Democrats can keep control of the Senate in such a gloomy economic climate. As of now, the race is a tossup, maybe with an edge to Republicans if Obama's job polls continue to fall and the economy shows little or no signs of improvement.
Democrats now control the Senate with a 54-46 majority, but Republicans will likely lose this year's special election race in New Jersey, making the division 55-45. Thus, Republicans will need a six-seat gain to take the Senate.
Democrats start out on the defensive because they will have 20 seats up for election next year, versus 15 for the Republicans. Some of the Democrats' vulnerable seats are in states that were easily carried by Mitt Romney in 2012, but it's hard to find any GOP seat that's in danger next year.
“Republicans don't have any seats that currently look like goners. In contrast, Democrats have three — the open seats in Montana, South Dakota and West Virginia,” writes longtime election handicapper Charlie Cook.
Veteran election tracker Stuart Rothenberg flatly says that the “Republicans are likely to gain between three to six seats in 2014.”
But Cook has a word of caution, noting two potentially offsetting factors that “could make the Democrats' task more difficult.”
“First, the six most-competitive (Senate) contests are in states of varying shades of red” that Romney carried by mostly hefty margins — Alaska by 14 points; Arkansas, 24 points; and Louisiana, 17 points — “making them tough states for Democrats these days.”
Romney also won in other key Senate race states — in Georgia, for example, by 8 points, in Kentucky by a huge 23 points, but in North Carolina by only 2 points.
Thus, Cook points out, while the GOP is being pounded for some “image problems nationally, it is far better off in these six states.”
Throw in another major factor in next year's Senate sweepstakes: the special-interest voter groups that turned out for Obama in 2008 and 2012.
“Minorities, unmarried women and younger voters “are far less likely to turn out in a midterm election,” Cook says.
Here's the bottom line, according to Cook: “While Republicans have a narrow path to the majority, the seats they must win are in friendly states, and turnout will work in their favor because this is a midterm election.”
There's another big warning here, though. Republicans, especially tea party voters, must pick their nominees with care. In 2010, the GOP lost a slam-dunk Delaware Senate race when it chose a mediocre candidate who said they had once dabbled in witchcraft, and then ran a campaign ad in which they insisted, “I'm not a witch.”
Last year, two GOP Senate candidates were on a path to expected victories in Indiana and Missouri, until they made unfortunate remarks about rape pregnancies.
With the U.S. economy poised to turn the Senate over to the GOP, this is no time for bush-league politics.
Initial compile time benchmarks
Hi all, Using Ben's timing patch [^1], Cabal, and a Haskell program to parse generated logs [^2], I generated some tables that show compile times of modules in hxt, haskell-src-exts, lens, and all of their dependencies: https://gist.githubusercontent.com/osa1/fd82335181a584679c9f3200b7b0a8a5/raw/5d46b0e7006c7ef9fae913f7d6932b74c83835f1/gistfile1.txt Some notes: - Modules and passes in modules are sorted. - At the end of the file you can see the cumulative numbers for the passes. In fact, that's a small table so I'm just going to paste it here: ======================Total====================== CodeGen 41.32% Simplifier 34.83% Renamer/typechecker 12.22% Desugar 2.11% CorePrep 1.90% Demand analysis 1.44% CoreTidy 1.35% Called arity analysis 1.10% Float inwards 0.96% Common sub-expression 0.87% Parser 0.75% SpecConstr 0.57% Specialise 0.30% Worker Wrapper binds 0.17% Liberate case 0.12% ByteCodeGen 0.00% Simplify 0.00% I don't know how to make use of this yet, but I thought ghc-devs may find it useful. As a next thing I'm hoping to add some more `withTiming` calls. The analysis program can handle nested `withTiming` calls and renders passes as a tree (GHC HEAD doesn't have nested `withTiming`s so we don't see it in the file above), so we can benchmark things in more details. I also want to experiment a little bit with different `force` parameters to `withTiming`. If anyone has any other ideas I can also try those. --- [^1]: https://phabricator.haskell.org/D1959 [^2]: https://github.com/osa1/analyze-ghc-timings
Silvery fish such as herring, sardine and sprat are "breaking" a basic law of physics, according to new research from the University of Bristol published today in Nature Photonics.
Reflective surfaces polarize light, a phenomenon that fishermen or photographers overcome by using polarizing sunglasses or polarizing filters to cut out reflective glare. However, PhD student Tom Jordan and their supervisors Professor Julian Partridge and Dr Nicholas Roberts in Bristol's School of Biological Sciences found that these silvery fish have overcome this basic law of reflection – an adaptation that may help them evade predators.
Previously, it was thought that the fish's skin – which contains "multilayer" arrangements of reflective guanine crystals – would fully polarize light when reflected. As the light becomes polarized, there should be a drop in reflectivity.
The Bristol researchers found that the skin of sardines and herring contain not one but two types of guanine crystal – each with different optical properties. By mixing these two types, the fish's skin doesn't polarize the reflected light and maintains its high reflectivity.
Dr Roberts said: "We believe these species of fish have evolved this particular multilayer structure to help conceal them from predators, such as dolphin and tuna. These fish have found a way to maximize their reflectivity over all angles they are viewed from. This helps the fish best match the light environment of the open ocean, making them less likely to be seen."
As a result of this ability, the skin of silvery fish could hold the key to better optical devices. Tom Jordan said: "Many modern day optical devices such as LED lights and low loss optical fibres use these non-polarizing types of reflectors to improve efficiency. However, these human-made reflectors currently require the use of materials with specific optical properties that are not always ideal. The mechanism that has evolved in fish overcomes this current design limitation and provides a new way to manufacture these non-polarizing reflectors."
Paper
'Non-polarizing broadband multilayer reflectors in fish' by T.M. Jordan, J.C. Partridge and N.W. Roberts in Nature Photonics
Professor Julian Partridge and Dr Nicholas Roberts are part of the Bristol Vision Institute and Tom Jordan is part of the Bristol Centre for Complexity Sciences
TL;DR – A beautiful film from the animation, to the story, to the characters, I must-watch this holiday season
Score – 4 out of 5 stars
P.S. There is an after credits scene
Review –
Moana is a powerful story which is brilliantly animated, wonderfully acted and tells a great story. All of that would have been enough for me to recommend it to you, but on top of this Disney took a big risk in telling a story from Polynesia a place that rarely gets a look in this modern media landscape yet it is full of fascinating stories. I highly recommend you check Moana out at the movies if you can.
Moana starts with the story of Maui (Dwayne Johnson) a demigod who can be found throughout Polynesian mythology from New Zealand to Hawaii to French Polynesia and everything in between. In an attempt to harness the power of life from the goddess Te Fiti they steal their heart but instead of having the power over life, Maui is instantly defeated by the lava demon Te Kā and the heart (a small stone) and their magical fishing hook get flung into the ocean separating Maui from their power and releasing death into the ocean from the empty heart of Te Fiti. Or at least that's the story that Moana's grandmother Tala (Rachel House) tells scaring the children of the village but it has been 1000 years and surely these are just stories. But it is these stories that drive Moana (Auli'i Cravalho), to see what exists outside the reef that rings their island, however, their father Tui (Temuera Morrison) the chief has banned people leaving the island and the protection of the reef because of the dangers that lurk in the open ocean. This is all a really good set up for the rest of the story, it gives you a glimpse into the power dynamics of the island Moana lives on, it also gives you some of the cultural knowledge you will need to make sense of the story.
It feels both surprising yet also unsurprising that Moana is such a good film, I mean usually when you see eight credited authors (and indeed if you look at the development of Moana you will see that there were more), you film generally ends up being a complete mess. However, Moana bucks that trend by having a beautiful story, that sure is a bit predictable in many respects, but it works. This is because instead of focusing on a large world with multiple moving cogs that you have to keep track of, Moana focuses on one story, the story of Moana focusing on their heart and fixing a wrong that had perpetrated on the world.
When it comes to the cast it was really good to see Disney go for people living in the South Pacific or who have Pacific heritage to tell this to tell this story of the area and boy did they cast some really strong performers. Auli'i Cravalho performance as Moana, is exemplary, especially given they spend most of the film next to ‘I steal every scene I am in' Dwayne ‘The Rock' Johnson, they bring a warmth to the character that really needed. Dwayne Johnson is amazing as Maui getting that perfect balance between cocky and damaged. Anyone who has seen Hunt for the Wilderpeople knows how strong a performer Rachel House is and in Moana it's no different, Grandma Tala is at the heart of the movie and Rachel House's performance nails this. Of course, it was fun to see Jemaine Clement as a murderous crab, who may have the best line of a Disney villain, and it would be remiss of me not to mention Alan Tudyk who plays a rooster, no not a talking rooster, just a normal rooster … well, maybe not normal, but just a rooster. Because this is a Disney animation you know there is going to be many songs, and how did they go, well with you have the combination of Mark Mancina, Lin-Manuel Miranda & Opetaia Foa'i well you are in safe hands.
The one thing I have to mention is the animation, I mean it is just stunning, this was an amazing year for animation with Kung Fu Panda 3 and Zootopia already setting a high bar but Moana meets the competition head-on. I mean look at that water, it is almost photorealistic, and water is one of the hardest things to animate correctly, from this point onwards Moana will be my benchmark I will use for all CGI water. The islands feel beautiful and lived in, and if nothing else are a postcard for why you should visit the South Pacific. It is not just the water, there are so many standout moments, like the starscapes, or the sunsets, or the fluid animations, to the actions which have an almost Mad Max feel to them.
Now Moana is not a perfect film, even when it comes to their depiction of Polynesian culture and mythology, however it is clear that the filmmakers took a long time to consult with a wide range of sources from across the Pacific to help with their depiction and that is something that is quite rare in the film industry.
So, in the end, can I recommend Moana, of course I can, there are so many trash children films dumped on us during the holidays but this is a beautiful film with a strong cast and a good story and is leagues about many of the others you may be subjected to this holiday season.
By Brian MacNamara: You can follow Brian on Twitter Here, when he's not chatting about Movies and TV, he'll be talking about International Relations, or the Solar System.
Have you watched Moana?, let us know what you thought in the comments below, feel free to share this review on any of the social medias and you can follow us Here. Check out all our past reviews and articles Here, and have a happy day.
Directed by – Ron Clements & John Musker
Screenplay by – Jared Bush
Story by – Ron Clements, John Musker, Chris Williams, Don Hall, Pamela Ribon, Aaron Kandell and Jordan Kandell
Music & Songs by – Mark Mancina, Lin-Manuel Miranda & Opetaia Foa'i
Starring – Auli'i Cravalho, Dwayne Johnson, Rachel House, Temuera Morrison, Jemaine Clement, Nicole Scherzinger & Alan Tudyk
Rating – Australia: PG; Canada: PG; NZ: PG; UK: PG; USA: PG
Advertisements
LANCASTER, Calif. (AP) — Los Angeles County prosecutors say a man who built a Mojave Desert compound known as Phonehenge West has been sentenced to almost 18 months in jail because they failed to pay for its demolition.
The Los Angeles Times reports (http://lat.ms/WCpkNn) Friday that Alan Kimble Fahey was ordered to pay more than $83,000 in costs incurred for the dismantling of the 20,000-foot labyrinth of interconnected structures and telephone poles. But Fahey has repaid just $1,250 to the county.
On Wednesday, L.A. County Superior Court Judge Daviann L. Mitchell questioned Fahey's claims of financial hardship before sentencing them to 539 days in jail.
Fahey's attorney Jerry E. Lennon says the nonviolent nature of their client's offense and their documented heart condition will likely make them eligible for early release.
___
Information from: Los Angeles Times, http://www.latimes.com
Certain British actors rouse powerful emotions around the world, and in the fallout from those highly charged celluloid encounters, it's perfectly reasonable to imagine what a crush might be like as a life partner. You can picture them playing with the kids, teaching them iambic pentameter and the finer points of sarcasm, and generally being the kind of sharp-witted, sharp-cheekboned life partner that anyone would be proud to walk down the aisle with.
The question is, which British celebrity is right for you? You don't want to go shopping for an imaginary Cumberbatch and come home with a pretend Hiddleston if that's just going to make life awkward for everyone concerned (not least the make-believe Rickman, Tennant or Freeman left waiting on the shelf).
So, to help everyone out of this moral quagmire, here's a brief personality quiz that will help you make the most important nonexistent choice of your whole life: the quest for a perfect (and literally fabulous) British celebrity spouse:
See more:
‘Doctor Who' Personality Quiz: Which Master Are You?
Personality Quiz: How Should You Take Your Tea?
Personality Quiz: Which British Food Should You Try?
Personality Quiz: Which British Heroine Are You?
Spread the love
DeKalb, GA — Police in DeKalb, Georgia, have yet to explain why they broke into the wrong home last August, killed a dog, shot the homeowner, and managed to shoot one of their own officers — so the terrorized couple have now planned to file a lawsuit.
Chris and Leah McKinley and their one-year-old child had settled in to watch a movie in their den when they heard a strange noise. They slowly cracked open the door and saw three men standing in their kitchen.
“As I'm opening it, pow pow pow,” Chris told WSB-TV in an interview, emphasizing officers started shooting before he'd even fully opened the door. One of the bullets hit them in the leg.
Immediately, the McKinleys assumed the armed men dressed entirely in black to be robbers — and Leah panicked.
“It was five shots and I thought they just murdered him, they're going to come for me and they're going to get my baby,” Leah explained. “And that's all I could think about.”
One officer was also hit by a fellow officer's gunfire — and though two men had been shot, police ignored the homeowner to tend to the wounded cop.
Officers entered the McKinleys' home through two closed but unlocked doors, where they encountered and then shot the family dog, a 10-year-old boxer named Yanna.
“Watching them do exactly what a dog is supposed to do,” Chris recalled of seeing Yanna in a pool of blood on the kitchen floor. “All they did was warn us, they didn't bite them, they just warned us by barking that, ‘Hey someone's not supposed to be in here and you're not safe.'”
An emergency caller reported a suspicious person in the cul-de-sac at the far end of the couple's street, but dispatch did not provide an address, just a vague description that matched the McKinleys' residence.
Worse, the complainant described a 50-year-old black man — and the McKinleys are both white. Worse still, had the person opening the door actually been the suspicious individual instead of Chris, police still took it upon themselves to shoot before asking any questions.
According to the McKinleys, police incompetence didn't end with dangerously errant gunfire.
In the police incident report, the wounded officer was listed as the victim and Chris as the offender, the house had the wrong address, and Yanna was described as a pit bull.
“It's just a slap in the face and a reminder of the incompetence from the very beginning until now still,” Chris said.
“They were trying to spin a story that would protect them, that would cover what they did,” asserted the couple's attorney, Mark Bullman.
Leah also told WSB-TV DeKalb investigators repeatedly and falsely tried to claim Chris had a gun.
“We're good people. I'm a teacher. I'm not doing anything wrong,” they explained. “And because they made a poor choice they're going to try to blame us.”
Police have investigated the egregiously botched incident, whose findings have yet to be made public — though they apparently never questioned key witnesses.
“I would have thought that if they were going to perform an investigation they would ask the victims,” Chris said, “and nothing, not a word this entire year.”
WSB-TV filed an open records request but has not yet received a response.
Chris had to undertake a year of physical and emotional therapy, and the couple realized they were too traumatized by what had happened to remain in their beloved home — they've since moved.
“It carries this hard, heavy, heavy weight on your heart. And it really screws with you,” Chris explained.
Leah echoed their husband, saying, “I can't turn it off. I see it all the time, I imagine it all the time, if I hear noises if I'm home by myself.”
Police have never fully explained their actions nor apologized to the couple for what amounted to a violent takeover of their property.
Out of options, the McKinleys now plan to sue to “at least force them into accountability if they're not willing to admit they did anything wrong,” as Leah put it.
According to WSB-TV:
“DeKalb Police Chief James Conroy said their heart goes out to the McKinley family and confirmed that their department did do a review of the incident. They said they could not comment on the facts of the case because of potential litigation, but vowed to make the requested records available as quickly as possible. The Georgia Bureau of Investigation finished its review of the case last September, but refused to provide a copy, as the case is still pending in the DeKalb District Attorney's Office.”
Thus far, police have only admitted to being at the wrong address and that the shooting of the officer violated departmental policy, as officers are required to not jeopardize their own safety.
“Are we perfect? Absolutely not,” Conroy said at the time. “But when we find we made a mistake, we own it. We own the fact that we were at the wrong house. We didn't hide it. We didn't mismanage it. We were at the wrong location based on information that was given to us.”
Conroy, of course, failed to mention that mistake left an innocent family physically harmed, emotionally distressed, and their beloved pet dead.
Officers were perhaps quite fortunate the McKinleys didn't respond to the armed intrusion with gunfire — though police claim they announced themselves as law enforcement, the couple has never verified hearing them say anything.
DRESDEN, Germany — Europe has long secretly admired Silicon Valley. So when a local European politician wants to emphasize how innovative their region really is, it is common to somehow relate it to the Valley.
One example is "Silicon Saxony," in eastern Germany, with the regional capital Dresden. It's far from being the only European region dreaming of California, though. When a large German company opened its new headquarters in Munich earlier this year, many felt obliged to applaud the "Silicon Valley spirit" one could allegedly feel. What was so remarkable about it?
Although that comparison mostly emphasizes how much Europeans still feel they lag behind the United States in innovating, Munich may indeed come closer than most other cities on the continent, according to a new E.U. report that maps innovation across the continent. It is based on 12 criteria that include the number of graduates, share of high-tech jobs among total employment and number of new products invented there.
The main finding that the most innovative regions is also located in countries that are already considered as the most innovative may not sound particularly surprising, but it shows how divided Europe has become — with some countries lagging far behind others.
The continent's most creative and productive regions are in Germany, France, Britain and the Nordic countries. Southern England, northern Denmark, southern Germany and Paris are particularly successful — whereas Romania, Poland and Spain have disproportionately more regions that lack innovation.
But as a political and economic union, all of Europe should be worried.
Europe is becoming less innovative overall
The European Union has been collecting similar data for at least the past eight years. At first, and despite the global financial crisis in 2008, performance increased in nearly all regions. But only two years later, the first signs of a downturn in innovation became apparent. By now, there is no way to hide the fact that this decline is not only a regional problem; it has spread across the continent.
"In Belgium, Greece, Ireland, the Netherlands and Romania, performance declined in all regions," the report's authors note. Germany — often considered the economic powerhouse of the continent — was also unable to improve performance.
But Germany may have crucial lessons for the rest of the continent, regardless.
You don't need college degrees to be innovative
Germany may be one of Europe's most innovative countries, but it has far fewer college graduates than other E.U. countries that perform worse overall.
The share of college graduates among the total workforce is only about half of the E.U. average in most German regions.
Percentage population between ages 30 and 34 that has completed tertiary education
Germany has long prided itself for offering an alternative path for high school graduates from besides university. Many companies offer apprenticeships, which are practical and are paid courses for a set amount of time.
Usually, apprentices are taught a job on site, rather than theoretically in college. Employers say that this model benefits them and high school graduates who do not always want to pursue an academic education.
Lower numbers of graduates are not necessarily a path toward more innovation, as the example of Italy shows. There, both innovative performance and the share of college graduates among the total workforce are lower than in other countries. The innovation map does not only reflect societal and economic problems that worry Italians.
It can also give insight into separatist movements, for instance. Germany's innovative south often considers itself disconnected from the less productive rest of the country, with different political parties and habits. Local economic strength has been one of the key arguments used by residents in the southern German region of Bavaria to advocate for greater autonomy.
Similarly, the Basque country — an autonomous region in Spain — is the country's only area that is more innovative than the E.U. average. European politicians may be well-advised to take a closer look at where Europe is most and least innovative, to understand what lessons can be learned.
Read more:
Where Europe is growing and where it is shrinking
Congressman Polis Bridges Gap Between Bitcoin Companies and Capitol Hill
U.S. Congressman Jared Polis took time out from their busy campaign schedule recently to meet with representatives, including CEOs, from nine digital currencies companies including itBit and Blockchain.
Organized by the Washington, D.C.-based advocacy and education group Coin Center, the roundtable was an attempt to bridge the gap between the world of Washington and Congress and the world of fintech and digital currencies.
Coin Center Executive Director Jerry Brito, who chaired the meeting, was happy with the outcome and told Bitcoin Magazine:
"We visit policymakers in D.C. often to talk about these issues, but there's no substitute for having them come out and meet the actual innovators who are building these great companies and technologies. I think Rep. Polis learned a lot about what these companies do and the regulatory issues they're facing, and they learned a bit more about what it takes to move policy in government."
Rep. Polis is an acknowledged “thought leader” for the digital currency movement and has made a name for themselves in the community with their ongoing support for Bitcoin.
Polis was one of the first to take advantage of a Federal Election Commission ruling that political candidates can now accept donations in bitcoin and has “Now Accepting Bitcoin!” on their website.
CEOs from nine digital currencies businesses meet with Rep. Jared Polis to find common ground
"It was a very productive meeting. Polis really 'gets' digital currencies.
They have tech DNA, something that is still too rare in D.C.," Blockchain's Marco Santori, who attended the meeting, told Bitcoin Magazine.
"Encouragingly, whenever the small group of entrepreneurs and policy experts in the meeting would register generalized grievances, Polis would respond with very specific proposed solutions," Santori said. "I think this kind of meeting will lead to improvements for digital currencies companies in the future."
It's an election year in the U.S., and Rep. Polis is seeking re-election in Colorado's 2nd District, but they want to get started immediately making sure that digital currencies startups are being served by government and not strangled by regulatory red tape.
“We have a policymaker who is genuinely excited about this technology taking the time to meet with the community at the forefront of making it successful," said Brito. "The idea of a U.S. representative taking Bitcoin so seriously was laughable as little as a few years ago. This meeting shows just how quickly it is growing toward the mainstream.
“It's a major indicator of the technology's growing significance that such a meeting took place to begin with. The technology has grown and its industry has become mainstream to the point where members of congress are meeting with leaders from it.”
Congressman Jared Polis and Coin Center Executive Director Jerry Brito meet with representatives from the digital currencies community.
Rep. Polis's interest in digital currencies comes from a lifelong passion for technology and the Internet.
While in college, Polis started their first tech company, American Information Systems, and in 2006 founded Techstars, a Colorado-based startup accelerator.
“Rep. Polis has been an engaged and vocal supporter of Bitcoin innovation for some time now. This event gives them and the people building on this technology an opportunity to meet, exchange ideas, and learn from each other,” added Brito.
Companies that met with Congressman Polis included AlphaPoint, Blockchain, Case, Chain Code, Digital Currency Group, itBit, Onename, SolidX Partners Inc., and Union Square Ventures.
Turning the street lights off decreased the number of grounded fledglings, according to a study published October 15, 2014 in the open-access journal PLOS ONE by Airam Rodríguez and colleagues from Phillip Island Nature Parks, in Victoria, Australia, and Estación Biológica de Doñana, in Spain.
Thousands of birds are attracted to light–sometimes referred to as light-pollution–every year worldwide during their first flights from their nests to the open ocean, a phenomenon called 'fallout.' Short-tailed shearwater breeding on the coast of Australia are also affected when fledgling chicks leave their nest about a month after their parents. In an effort to understand the magnitude of 'fallout,' the authors of this study have reported the number of fledging short-tailed shearwaters found grounded during evening and morning rescue patrols conducted at Phillip Island, Australia, during a 15-year period (1999-2013). Additionally, they assessed factors affecting numbers of grounded birds and mortality including date, moon phase, wind direction and speed, number of visitors, and holiday periods and tested whether turning lights off could make an impact on the number of birds found on the ground.
Over 8800 fledglings were found during the 15-year study period and almost 40% were dead or dying. This mortality rate was 4-8 times higher than reported elsewhere, at sites where searching for fledglings was more opportunistic rescue rather than regular patrols, indicating that mortality numbers may be underestimated in other locations. The researchers found more grounded birds in peak fledging, moonless, and windy nights. Mortality increased through the fledging period, in the mornings, and with increased traffic on holiday periods, but turning the road lights off decreased the number of grounded birds. While researchers could not control for the moon and wind, they suggest that reduction of light pollution and better traffic management might help mitigate artificial light-induced fledgling mortality.
Source: PLOS
ALBION, MI -- An Albion resident thwarted a home invasion Wednesday night by shooting the would-be intruder in the leg, police said.
The Albion Police Department said in a statement that officers were dispatched to the 300 block of West Center Street at 11:15 p.m. on Wednesday, Dec. 3, on a report of shots fired.
Soon after, they received information that a homeowner had called to report shooting at an intruder who was attempting to break into the home, the statement said.
"Upon further investigation officers located a 20-year-old Albion resident in the 500 block of W. Cass Street who was shot in the leg," the statement said.
The 20-year-old was transported to Allegiance Health in Jackson for treatment and was later released.
The suspect was arrested on charges of home invasion and has been lodged at the Calhoun County Jail.
The case remains under investigation but a report of the "initial incident" has been forwarded to Calhoun County Prosecutor's Office for review.
Police ask anyone with information related to the case to contact Albion Police Det. Luis Tejada at 517-629-7824.
St. Louis, MO—
Local Republicans have felt stung by casual reminders that the Republican Party literally stole every branch of the government they wholly control by cheating to win the Presidency, a majority in the House, and a conservative slant in the Supreme Court.
Of course, President Donald Trump was elected only by Constitutional arcana via the Electoral College, and they somewhat decisively lost the popular vote. Meanwhile, increasingly, it looks as if Trump's campaign openly allied with Russia against the national interests of the United States.
In the legislative branch, GOP state organizations have gerrymandered their states' congressional districts, which allowed the GOP to then gerrymander offensively laughable districts for the US House of Representatives. States that reliably vote blue in presidential elections are found with wildly disproportionate Republican majorities in their congressional delegations.
And in the Republican Senate headed by Mitch McConnell, Republicans effectively stonewalled Obama's Supreme Court nominee Merrick Garland so that the conservative edge would remain, ultimately, with Trump's nominee Neil Gorsuch.
But many Republican voters don't like to be reminded that the Republican government they support is, consequently, entirely illegitimate. Every court case in which Neil Gorsuch's fifth vote tips the balance is illegitimate. Every executive order Trump signs erasing their legitimately elected predecessor's legacy is illegitimate. The Obamacare repeal and tax reform laws the GOP Congressional leadership are hastily ramming through are so illegitimate and inappropriate that even the Republican Party has suddenly lost its cohesion to agree on bad policy America does not actually support.
But mention that to a Republican voter, and the concerns will be brushed aside.
“Let's not talk about political cheating, because as far as I'm concerned, both sides do it,” said local Republican voter Amy Hefflingerz. “Even though, technically, Democrats should have gotten that judge seat, and technically America, collectively, wanted Hillary, Democrats need to get over it because they lost. It doesn't matter if it wasn't fair. Life isn't fair.”
(Picture courtesy of DonkeyHotey.)
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Live Nation might step in to fill the void, but no confirmation yet.
The owner of the Bowery Ballroom and Mercury Lounge is parting ways with the booking team at Bowery Presents, paving the way for a potential new agreement with Live Nation.
“After careful thought and consideration, The Bowery Presents is parting ways with The Bowery Ballroom and Mercury Lounge," John Moore said in a statement provided to Billboard. "We have a long history with the venues as the exclusive booking and marketing arm and wish them well in the future. On the heels of our recently opened Brooklyn Steel, the largest GA room in Brooklyn, and taking over booking duties for Webster Hall, we are constantly exploring new opportunities for music-lovers in New York City. Stay tuned for more announcements from The Bowery Presents very soon!”
Earlier this year, AEG Presents purchased Bowery Presents after a lengthy courtship and negotiation. Included in the deal were Terminal 5, Rough Trade and the Music Hall of Williamsburg, as well as the newly opened Brooklyn Steel in Williamsburg. Not included in the deal were the Bowery Ballroom and the Mercury Lounge, which are owned by Michael Swier, who also owns the Teragram Ballroom in Los Angeles.
While the acquisition of Bowery Presents kept the 575-capacity Bowery Ballroom and the 250-capacity Mercury Lounge temporarily in the AEG/Bowery column, both sides agreed to part ways once their contract expired. Besides the venues acquired in the Bowery deal, AEG also owns Webster Hall, which it partnered with Brooklyn Sports and Entertainment to purchase earlier this year, and will reopen after a lengthy renovation.
The change leaves open the opportunity for Live Nation to book both venues. Billboard has reached out to representatives from Live Nation, who told us they could not comment for this story.
It's also unclear what this means for Ticketfly, which tickets both the Bowery Ballroom and Mercury Lounge. Ticketfly signed both venues in April of last year, though it's unclear how long the agreement is for, or what happens if the building switches promoters or brings Live Nation onboard.
Monday night on Fox News, Laura Ingraham began their show by responding to media figures who have been critical of Fox's coverage of the Robert Mueller investigation.
"Critics of the president and this channel are howling that we're putting the country in danger," Ingraham said. "What is our crime? Accurately reporting the alarming bias within Special Counsel Bob Mueller's investigation, despite the fact that Mueller and their team have unearthed no evidence of so-called 'collusion' between Trump and Russia. The left considers it basically even a crime to raise legitimate questions about the staffing and the tactics of the Mueller investigation. And they are now going into full on apoplexy."
Related Video: Heilemann: When Pro-Trump Media's "Anti-Government Ranting" Leads To Violence, We'll Know Who To Blame
Related Video: CNN's Stelter: "Conservative Media Fueling Divide" In America With Attacks On Mueller, FBI
"So let's get this straight. The Democrat smear machine can run 24/7 maligning President Trump — they use innuendo and anonymous leaks — but the special counsel is beyond reproach?"
"They have the billionaires like Tom Steyer launching this absurd impeachment effort on TV," they continued. "They have Hollywood infecting their programming with tedious anti-Trump vitriol. And who knows how many Congressmen and Senators are demanding the president's resignation? And they want us to tone it down?"
"What warped worldview would you call for a president, who oversees the FBI, to step aside over a decades-old allegation, but we can't call for the resignation of deputy FBI director Andrew McCabe, who is a si a heart of this mess?"
"Isn't that nifty. Heads, you win, tails, we lose," they quipped.
Toronto's condo boom is not slowing down anytime soon as the latest statistics show the city is building more high rises than anywhere else in North America. The September 2011 data from German research company Emporis — the world's largest source of information on multi-storey buildings — is included in a presentation to be discussed by the city's economic development committee on Friday.
Toronto's skyline is crowded with building cranes these days, with some 132 highrise buildings in various stages of construction. ( RENE JOHNSTON / TORONTO STAR )
There are currently 132 highrise buildings under construction in Toronto, according to the figures. Mexico City ranks a distant second with 88 and New York City is in third with 86. The field drops off dramatically after that: fourth-ranking Chicago is building 17 highrises, while Miami rounds out the top five with 16. Emporis defines a highrise building as between 35 and 100 metres high, or 12 to 40 floors. Buildings taller than that are considered skyscrapers. Toronto already has the second-highest number of completed highrises and skyscrapers in North America, with 1,875 — just ahead of Mexico City and Chicago — according to Emporis. They all trail runaway leader New York City by more than 4,000, however.
Article Continued Below
PHOTO GALLERY: TORONTO'S DRAMATICALLY CHANGING SKYLINE SINCE 1919 Provincial and municipal land intensification policies, such as Ontario's Greenbelt, have led to a shift away from low-rise development in the city, said Matthew Slutsky, founder and president of BuzzBuzzHome, which catalogues new residential projects in Canada. “If you combine the construction with low-rises, the overall building is about average for Toronto,” they said, calling the growth of high-density development along transit lines a “fantastic” alternative to suburban sprawl. “What we're seeing is actually a tale of two housing markets, with low-rise in a substantial decline and highrise in steady increase,” George Carras, president of RealNet Canada Inc., wrote in the Star earlier this year. Highrise units now make up 60 per cent of new home sales in the GTA, compared with only 25 per cent in 2000, according to Carras.
Emporis's statistics do not distinguish between residential and office development, so the numbers include more than just condos. But “you could probably count on your hand” the number of rental highrises and office buildings going up in the city, said Ben Myers, executive vice-president of market research firm Urbanation, which tracks condo development in the city.
Article Continued Below
There is little fear among industry experts that Toronto construction is outstripping demand, despite Bank of Canada Governor Mark Carney's warning about a national condo price bubble back in June. In fact, some are worried about the opposite. There are more than 39,000 condo units under construction in the region, according to Myers — “and 88 per cent of those are already sold.” A further 118 buildings are in pre-construction, they said, and three-quarters of those are sold. “We're just continually getting larger and larger and larger.”
Kyle Polk was on their way home from their first job when they were shot and killed at a convenience store in Southeast Portland on Wednesday, their parents said.
It had been difficult to find that job unloading trucks in the early hours of the morning because the 21-year-old had been convicted last year for unlawful use of a weapon, a felony. They were sentenced to three years of probation and barred from spending time with gang members, court records show.
They also needed a job that didn't involve work on Saturdays. Polk played drums in the band at Sharon Seventh-day Adventist Church, and they observed the Sabbath, which stretches from sunset Friday to sunset Saturday.
"He was so excited," their mother, Kathryn Polk, said. "He texted me. It said, 'I'm excited to contribute to the family.'"
Polk's parents and their pastor say they witnessed a transformation in the year and a half before the shooting. The conviction was a kind of blessing, they said, because it prompted Polk to rededicate themselves to their family and to God.
Polk's family and friends describe them as smart and social, someone who saw the good in everyone and stuck by them, even when perhaps they should have been backing away.
"He was kind," their mother said. "That's probably what ended their lives."
After their arrest, Polk's parents forced them to stay home with them in Happy Valley. They had no cell phone, no driving privileges. They went to church with them and more fully accepted the mentorship of their pastor, Kevin Rhamie.
"That's when they gave their heart more fully to God," their mother said. In September 2014, they were baptized.
Polk wrote a letter to the judge when they were arrested in July 2015 on weapons charges that were later dropped.
They had been pulled over for an illegal lane change while driving their father's Jaguar just two days after getting their driving privileges back, the family said. Polk had three passengers, and police found guns and drugs in the car.
In the letter, Polk called their earlier arrest "a catalyst." "Some would call the revival lining up with my release from jail and my house arrest coincidental but I consider it providential," they wrote.
Polk explained how they found themselves in that position. They had lost sight of their goals the year before and sought the company of people they found "abnormal and intriguing," they wrote. "I was so focused on trying to fit in with these people that I missed seeing the inevitable consequences that being around gang members would bring."
Polk was also clear about what they had learned: "No amount of illegal fun is worth the legal, personal and domestic consequences."
This summer, Polk graduated from Clackamas County Community College with an associate's degree, their family said. They planned to transfer to Portland State University and aspired to earn a doctorate in history and become a professor.
The draw of history was the storytelling, their family said. It was also through stories that Polk explained their social choices to their parents.
"People call them bad, they're not bad," Polk told their father about some of their friends. "He would tell me the story," Reuben Polk said. "He would say they don't have support. They were like a goodwill ambassador."
One of the friends about whom Polk's family had doubts ended up helping Polk land their first job. They were in the car when Polk was shot, the family said.
"He always saw the best in people," Reuben Polk said of their son. "He wasn't old enough and strong enough to realize sometimes you just need to make a break."
As of Thursday night, police had made no arrests in the case.
-- Carli Brosseau
cbrosseau@oregonian.com
503-294-5121; @carlibrosseau
The main dev of Gridcoin has set up an initial roadmap for Gridcoin (2017-2019).
Everybody is invited to add more details or more items!
See announcement + timeline (2013-2019)
Let's focus on the near-term events first:
2017 June-July:
more devs will come
Electrum client for Android & iPhone
The linux client will get same features as the Windows version (e.g. Voting UI, Foundation UI, Neural Network UI)
Releasing foundation funds will require multiple signers (the community votes on where funds can be spent, see e.g. this ongoing poll)
October - December
SourceSafe Testnet Branch and QA process goes live. Ensure the Testnet branch is a separate codebase. All release candidates are tested through QA before merge into Prod.
Store Document attachments in chain (expense reimbursements, document storage leases).
2018
Disaster recovery: Ensure we have back up Web Developer and WebHost and SSL keys are shared, Code Config Manager, Document Repository/Deployment repository backup cross trained and ready to step in to relieve centralization of GRC.
Port best of breed security and bitcoin missing features or updates into Gridcoin.
Gridcoin sleek cosmetic UI finished (ability to control boinc, one click setup, auto-detect boinc settings, ease of use cosmetic features for any user level, iPhone style unified UI, improved error detection, improved assumption tree), foolproof usage, no prior domain knowledge required to use GRC.
smart contracts
E-commerce gateway instructions released, payments via GRC -> USD via debit card are now supported. Those using GRC debit cards may purchase items and the back office will transfer GRC->BTC->USD to execute payment. The E-commerce gateway is a REST snap in allowing payments in GRC to be processed as a BTC reimbursement in real time.
SQL Integration (Replicate Contract Data to Volunteer SQL Servers, allow queries from query analyzer within the Coin).
2019
A New York Times theater critic is slamming Michael Moore's new anti-Trump Broadway show, likening it to “being stuck at Thanksgiving dinner with a garrulous, self-regarding, time-sucking uncle.”
“Gotta love him,” the Times's Jesse Green writes of their reaction to Moore in the opening night Thursday review, “but maybe let's turn on the television.”
Moore has described their one-man show, called “The Terms of my Surrender,” as “a very developed piece of entertainment for people who like to think.”
ADVERTISEMENT
But Green says of the “Fahrenheit 9/11” filmmaker and liberal activist that “you don't have to disagree with Mr. Moore's politics to find that their shtick has become disagreeable with age.”
The theater performance “falls short of offering useful ideas about how individuals can make a difference — as Mr. Moore, drawing on their own biography, insists they can,” the Times's critic writes. “Details are scant. Run for school board, they recommend. Be Rosa Parks. Download 5calls.org, an app that promises to ‘turn your passive participation into active resistance.'”
“This show did that pretty well for me, even without the app. I actively resisted plenty of material that might otherwise be amenable to me politically,” says Green.
Green writes that “hokey set pieces … fizzled,” while a game show-style audience participation stunt could be done better by “almost any savvy talk show host.” The Times calls some of Moore's targets, such as former President Ronald Reagan and conservative media figure Glenn Beck, “so old and obvious.”
“But even when Mr. Moore turns their attention to more recent and generally compelling matters, as in a long, impassioned segment about the water crisis in Flint, Mich., you sense that they are enjoying their dudgeon too much,” the paper's reviewer says.
It's not all bad reviews for Moore's Broadway debut, though.
The Hollywood Reporter called Moore a “warmly funny and engaging raconteur, presiding over an evening of surprising emotional depths.”
A tweet described by the Israeli Embassy as 'completely fake' has gone viral after being posted on Boards.ie and Reddit Ireland.
A tweet described by the Israeli Embassy as 'completely fake' has gone viral after being posted on Boards.ie and Reddit Ireland.
The screenshot of the tweet, which purported to be from the official ‘Israel In Ireland' Twitter account, caused uproar online last night.
The 'completely fake' tweet linked to an article on the passing of a Seanad motion calling the Irish Goverment to recognise Palestine as an independent state, and referred to the Irish government as "spineless" for "moving one step closer".
A representative for the Embassy said that the "photoshop" was "absolutely outrageous".
The tweet purportedly from this account appearing on Boards.ie & condemning the Irish Government is entirely false and comes from a fake a/c — Israel in Ireland (@IsraelinIreland) October 23, 2014
"It was an attack on the Irish Government... do you think an Embassy would be that stupid?"
"Even I could copy a logo... it's somebody with an agenda trying to embarrass us. It's total BS".
The Embassy tweeted that Boards.ie should take down the offending posts or "face legal action". The posts were subsequently removed on Boards.ie and Reddit, although the screenshot was re-posted to Reddit by another user and is still available.
"In the past, tongue-in-cheek posts have been posted on our Twitter and Facebook.. like the Molly Malone statue in a Burqa... but they've been taken down where people thought they were unsavoury".
We have demanded that Boards.ie remove fake tweet & story that @IsraelinIreland condemned Irish Government, or legal action will follow — Israel in Ireland (@IsraelinIreland) October 23, 2014
"The tweet referenced the Irish Government... the information was not even correct. Not only was it a fake tweet, it was dumb as well".
Earlier that day, the official account had tweeted about the Seanad motion, posting "Today, a Palestinian man murdered a 3 month old (!) Jewish baby in Jerusalem...and yesterday the Irish Seanad has passed a motion... Just imagine if any country had recognized a final status in favor of one of the sides in the conflict in Northern Ireland".
The "fake" tweet was in a rectangular screenshot in a similar fashion to popular sites like 'Let Me Tweet That For You', which was used to create a fake tweet from Paris Hilton following Nelson Mandela's death.
Read more: How To Trick People Into Thinking Niall Horan Tweeted You
Online Editors
A leading adviser to the Baird government's proposed changes to native vegetation laws has quit in protest, warning the plans could lead to a doubling of broadscale land clearing in the state.
Hugh Possingham, a Queensland University conservation biologist, submitted their resignation letter to Premier Mike Baird and key ministers, saying their advice and those from a panel they had sat on were being ignored.
Instead of improving the existing legislation, the new biodiversity conservation package due to be put to Parliament as soon as next week will enable farmers to clear hundreds of hectares a property without having to find equivalent areas of offsets to preserve biodiversity under so-called "equity codes".
"It's not what we agreed to," Professor Possingham told Fairfax Media. "If you increase the quantity and quality of land clearing, you increase the chances of extinction."
Major mobile carriers are slowing down video streams, a net neutrality violation that heralds things to come if they get their way and roll back legal protections against data discrimination.
Recent reports on Reddit from Verizon Wireless customers have drawn attention to video streams being throttled, which Verizon claimed were caused by a temporary test of a new video “optimization” system. If that sounds familiar, it's because it's not the first time a carrier has throttled certain content sources while claiming to optimize them.
We've previously reported on how T-Mobile tried to pass off throttling as optimization with their Binge On “feature.” T-Mobile's Binge On has evolved since we last wrote about it, but hasn't abandoned throttling: it now throttles video for customers on their unlimited plan, and charges them extra to not be throttled, which is also against the principles of net neutrality.
Similarly, AT&T makes use of a “just-in-time” delivery technique (aka “Buffer Tuning”) for video streams. The carrier explains that with just-in-time, “a sufficient amount of video is delivered to the device so that the user can start viewing the video, and the remainder of the video is delivered just in time to the device as needed for uninterrupted viewing.” But using just-in-time means the video will stop playing more quickly if you lose reception, rather than larger portions being buffered in advance as they would on a neutral network that wasn't observing and throttling your traffic. Although AT&T claims that just-in-time delivery helps customers by stopping them from paying for data they don't actually use, it doesn't give customers the choice to disable this “feature.” Sprint also makes use of the neutrality-violating just-in-time technique.
Right now, these throttling technologies seem to be used to slow down video data generally, rather than to favor the ISP's content over competitors, but it is a trivial matter to flip that switch and make the net neutrality violation more serious, and more harmful to competition and speech.
Net neutrality allows carriers to engage in “reasonable network management,” but throttling a class of traffic does not satisfy this standard. A more reasonable technique (that Sprint also employs) is transcoding, a technique where the quality of the stream is modified in real time to match the network's condition. For example, if the network slows down, the video quality decreases so as to still be able to deliver video at the same rate, and vice versa.
We've reached out to Verizon asking for more details about the “optimization” tests it's running. Since optimization is a technical term which implies attempting to tune a system to maximize or minimize specific measurable criteria, we're wondering what those criteria are and if Verizon will share them with the subjects of its tests. Also, given that mobile carriers have historically had trouble differentiating between streaming video traffic and other uses of their networks, we're curious what technical means Verizon is using to identify video, and what steps it's taken to make sure other uses aren't affected.
Rolling back net neutrality rules could open the door to many unfair practices like site blocking and throttling. While we can't predict exactly what changes carriers will make, it's alarming to see them already rolling out throttling infrastructure. Without net neutrality protections, little will stop them from using that same infrastructure to discriminate against competitors, speech they dislike, or your favorite app.
TAKE ACTION
Stand up for net neutrality
Officials in Iraq say ISIL Takfiri militants operating in the country have recently beheaded hundreds of people in the western province of Anbar.
On Wednesday, Anbar lawmaker Adel Khamis al-Mahlawi announced during a press conference that the terrorists had beheaded about 300 people, thought to have been mostly from nomadic tribes in the area, over the past few days.
“ISIS (ISIL) continues in a series of terrorist crimes against the Iraqi people, especially the members of Anbar tribes.” They added that the victims belong to the tribes of Abu Mahal, al-Karabla, al-Salman, Albu Obaid, and al-Raoyen.
Mahlawi called on Iraq's government and volunteer forces fighting against ISIL to “intervene immediately to save the people of the province and to support them with weapons and gear to get rid of the clutches of ISIS (ISIL).”
They also urged the international community to take action.
The announcement comes as ISIL terrorists launched fierce attacks on Anbar's capital city of Ramadi, which is currently under siege. Officials have recently warned that they city may fall to the hands of ISIL militants.
The ISIL started its campaign of terror in Iraq in early June 2014. The heavily-armed militants took control of Mosul before sweeping through parts of the country's Sunni Arab heartland.
The terrorists have been carrying out horrific acts of violence, including public decapitations, against all Iraqi communities such as Shias, Sunnis, Kurds and Christians.
Iraqi soldiers, police units, Kurdish forces, Shia volunteers and Sunni tribesmen have been engaged in joint operations to drive the terrorists out of areas they have seized.
SZH/HMV
Astros Top Prospect Report
This year I have decided to start a new weekly post updating how the Astros top 30 prospects performed in the week prior. I figured this would be an easy way to see how they have been performing recently rather than just looking at the full season stats. We will be using the top 30 here at Astros Future.
1. Francis Martes, RHP (MLB)
This Week: 1 G, 5.0 IP, 3 H, 1 ER, 2 BB, 7 K
2017 Season Stats: 2 G, 8.2 IP, 7 H, 5 ER, 4 BB, 9 K (MLB)
2. Kyle Tucker, OF (AA)
This Week: 6 G, .200 BA (5-for-25), HR, RBI, 2 SB
2017 Season Stats: 66 G, .273 BA/.864 OPS, 17 2B, 4 3B, 11 HR, 49 RBI, 16 SB
3. David Paulino, RHP (MLB)
This Week: 1 GS, 6.0 IP, 3 H, 1 ER, 1 BB, 4 K
2017 Season Stats: 4 GS, 5.03 ERA, 19.2 IP, 22 H, 11 ER, 5 BB, 20 K
4. Franklin Perez, RHP (A+)
This Week: 1 GS, 7.0 IP, 2 H, 1 ER, 0 BB, 5 K
2017 Season Stats: 8 G, 2.25 ERA, 32.0 IP, 16 H, 9 ER, 8 BB, 34 K
5. Forrest Whitley, RHP (A)
This Week: 1 G, 0.00 ERA, 3.2 IP, 1 H, 0 ER, 1 BB, 8 K
2017 Season Stats: 10 G, 3.41 ERA, 37.0 IP, 34 H, 14 ER, 16 BB, 54 K
6. Derek Fisher, OF (MLB)
This Week: 4 G, .286 BA (4-for-14), 1 HR, 2 RBI, SB
2017 Season Stats: 4 G, .286 BA (4-for-14), 1 HR, 2 RBI, SB
7. Ramon Laureano, OF (AA)
This Week: 5 G, .125 BA (1-for-14), 2B, RBI, SB
2017 Season Stats: 62 G, .192 BA/.554 OPS, 7 2B, 3 HR, 30 RBI, 14 SB
8. Teoscar Hernandez, OF (AAA)
This Week: 6 G, .417 BA (10-for-24), 2B, 2 HR, 6 RBI, 2 SB
2017 Season Stats: 47 G, .275 BA/.843 OPS, 9 2B, 3 3B, 7 HR, 21 RBI, 8 SB
9. Daz Cameron, OF (A)
This Week: 7 G, .227 BA (5-for-22), 2 2B, HR, 2 RBI, 2 SB
2017 Season Stats: 59 G, .206 BA/.661 OPS, 12 2B, 3 3B, 6 HR, 26 RBI, 15 SB
10. Miguelangel Sierra, SS (N/A)
This Week: Has yet to make season debut
2017 Season Stats: N/A
11. Garrett Stubbs, C (AA)
This Week: 5 G, .308 (4-for-13), RBI
2017 Season Stats: 47 G, .241 BA/.674 OPS, 6 2B, 3 HR, 15 RBI, 4 SB
12. Colin Moran, 3B (AAA)
This Week: 6 G, .269 BA (7-for-26), 2B, 2 HR, 6 RBI
2017 Season Stats: 55 G, .278 BA/.862 OPS, 10 2B, 14 HR, 47 RBI
This Week: 7 G, .429 BA (12-for-28), 3 2B, HR, 5 RBI
2017 Season Stats: 62 G, .294 BA/.912 OPS, 13 2B, 17 HR, 40 RBI, 3 SB
14. Cionel Perez, LHP (A)
This Week: 1 G, 5.1 IP, 7 H, 0 ER, 0 BB, 6 K
2017 Season Stats: 9 G, 4.39 ERA (2.72 FIP), 41.0 IP, 39 H, 20 ER, 10 BB, 41 K
15. Jonathan Arauz, SS (A)
This Week: 7 G, .231 BA (6-for-26), RBI
2017 Season Stats: 16 G, .278 BA/.686 OPS, 3B, 2 RBI
16. Gilberto Celestino, OF (N/A)
This Week: Has yet to make season debut
2017 Season Stats: N/A
17. Freudis Nova, SS (DSL)
This Week: 3 G, .200 BA (2-for-10), RBI
2017 Season Stats: 3 G, .200 BA (2-for-10), RBI
18. Jason Martin, OF (AA)
This Week: 5 G, .550 BA (11-for-20), 3 2B, 3B, 2 RBI, SB
2017 Season Stats: 60 G, .307 BA/.887 OPS, 16 2B, 3 3B, 9 HR, 37 RBI, 11 SB
19. James Hoyt, RHP (MLB)
This Week: 2 G, 2.2 IP, 2 H, 2 ER, 0 BB, 5 K
2017 Season Stats: 19 G, 5.09 ERA, 23.0 IP, 23 H, 13 ER, 5 BB, 41 K
20. Jandel Gustave, RHP (MLB)
This Week: Currently on DL
2017 Season Stats: 5.40 ERA, 5.0 IP, 5 H, 3 ER, 7 BB, 2 K
21. Ronnie Dawson, OF (A)
This Week: 6 G, .182 BA (4-for-22), RBI, SB
2017 Season Stats: 61 G, .217 BA/.654 OPS, 12 2B, 5 HR, 24 RBI, 7 SB
22. Stephen Wrenn, OF (A+)
This Week: 6 G, .250 BA (5-for-20), RBI
2017 Season Stats: 59 G, .271 BA/.719 OPS, 11 2B, 3 HR, 15 RBI, 11 SB
23. Anibal Sierra, SS (A+)
This Week: 6 G, .176 BA (3-for-17)
2017 Season Stats: 59 G, .199 BA/.558 OPS, 9 2B, 2 HR, 17 RBI, 3 SB
24. Riley Ferrell, RHP (AA)
This Week: 2 G, 5.0 IP, 7 H, 2 ER, 0 BB, 7 K
2017 Season Stats: 19 G, 4.50 ERA, 2 SV, 30.0 IP, 36 H, 15 ER, 9 BB, 29 K
25. Yordan Alvarez, 1B (A)
This Week: 7 G, .381 BA (8-for-21), 4 HR, 11 RBI
2017 Season Stats: 31 G, .360 BA/1.126 OPS, 6 2B, 9 HR, 33 RBI, 2 SB
26. Rogelio Armenteros, RHP (AA)
This Week: 2 G, 9.2 IP, 4 H, 2 ER, 1 BB, 9 K
2017 Season Stats: 13 G, 2-2, 1.64 ERA, 60.1 IP, 39 H, 11 ER, 19 BB, 69 K
27. Jake Rogers, C (A+)
This Week: 5 G, .053 BA (1-for-19), 2 RBI
2017 Season Stats: 52 G, .270 BA/.870 OPS, 13 2B, 2 3B, 10 HR, 32 RBI, 4 SB
28. Trent Thornton, RHP (AAA)
This Week: 1 G, 6.0 IP, 12 H, 7 ER, 0 BB, 1 K
2017 Season Stats: 13 G, 5-4, 5.15 ER, 64.2 IP, 79 H, 37 ER, 9 BB, 46 K
29. Myles Straw, OF (A+)
This Week: 5 G, .474 BA (9-for-19), 2B, 2 SB
2017 Season Stats: 61 G, .329 BA/.847 OPS, 10 2B, 5 3B, 22 RBI, 17 SB
30. Drew Ferguson, OF (AA)
This Week: 6 G, .286 BA (8-for-28), 2 2B, 3 RBI, 3 SB
2017 Season Stats: 61 G, .292 BA/.812 OPS, 14 2B, 6 HR, 26 RBI, 14 SB
Be sure to subscribe to receive weekly updates on the Astros minor league system. Also be sure to follow-on Twitter, @AstrosFuture, and like my Facebook page, facebook.com/AstrosFuture.
**Photo Credit: Kiel Maddox/Fresno Grizzlies**
Almost 400,000 people tried to buy firearms last year in Colorado, where historic new gun laws went into effect in July, The Denver Post first reported.
In 2013, the Colorado Bureau of Investigations processed a total of 396,955 background checks, the highest number of checks in state history. It was an increase of more than 50,000 from 343,302 checks in 2012, which was also a record year for gun sales.
A total of 7,351 applications for both private and retail sales were denied in 2013, at a rate of 1.85 percent. The denial rate in 2012 was 2.14 percent. The most common reasons for denial varied: 1,412 were due to an arrest or conviction of assault; 381 because the applicant had a restraining order against them; 166 for arrest or conviction of sexual assault; and 41 were because of a homicide conviction, and arrests or convictions for other crimes. There were a total of 6,198 private sale background checks from July through December, with 122 of those denied during that period.
"The vast majority of gun buyers are law-abiding people, and for them a background check is no problem," said Rep. Rhonda Fields, cosponsor of the background check law, to The Huffington Post. "But the new law is preventing significant numbers of violent criminals and people under domestic restraining orders from buying guns. That's exactly what we intended with our new background check law, and the stats prove that it's working. It's making our neighborhoods safer, and that makes me very happy."
In July, the state's background check law expanded to include the private sales and transfers of firearms. Colorado House Democrats praised the new background check law in November when early data was released from the Department of Public Health and Safety.
“The stats directly contradict the contention that criminals would simply evade the law and that it was unenforceable,” said McCann (D-Denver), a co-sponsor of the background check law, in a statement in November. “The people of Colorado overwhelmingly support the new law requiring background checks on all gun sales. Anyone who continues to argue against it is going to have to explain to the voters why we would want to make it easier for criminals to get guns.”
Colorado voters appear to strongly support the universal background check legislation. A recent Qunnipiac survey showed that 85 percent of state voters approve of the new gun law.
But despite public support for stricter gun control, two prominent state Democrats were voted out of office over their support for the new gun controls. State Sen. Angela Giron (Pueblo) and state Sen. John Morse (Colo. Springs) were both removed from office in what was Colorado's first-ever recall election. A third lawmaker, Sen. Evie Hudak (D-Westminster), resigned as another possible recall election against them began to take shape.
by Cristine Edusi Follow @iAmCroe
A new ideology has reared its head in our “post racial” century and we have labelled it colour blind. The doctrine rests on the idea that we no longer see colour, just people. We no longer “see” race but may choose to characterise a person by their gender, perhaps even the colour of their hair or eyes but never race. The doctrine's appeal is that it supposedly counteracts racism. I would contest that opinion. If colourblindness developed out of the desire to be more politically correct then I would say we have in fact become the complete opposite. If colour blindness developed out of a desire to suppress racism then I would say it does nothing but fuel it.
Colourblindness has even started to infiltrate the “coloured” community and again I would have to question the intent behind this trend. The idea that we can redefine our racial identity was thrust into mainstream culture recently when Raven Symone uttered the (rather ambiguous) statement “I'm not African American, I am American…….. I'm an American, and that's a colorless person.” Them statement received backlash from many who were appalled by what they deemed anti-black rhetoric and although they later attempted to clarify their misdemeanour with another (even more ambiguous) statement “I never said I wasn't black… I want to make that very clear. I said I am not African-American” the damage to our perceptions of blackness had already been done. Of course the terms African and Black are not synonymous but when we consider that African Americans are classed as black by society, Raven's denial becomes a racial issue. Them denial feeds into the discussion on colourblindness because if black people do not also “see” colour then victims of racism are no longer classed as victims but troublemakers and the civil rights movement is no longer a just war but a historical embarrassment. Rhetoric like “I'm not black” , or “I'm not African American” invalidate every moment that has ever helped to alleviate discrimination towards people of colour.
A brief discussion of what racism is and is not is needed to fully appreciate the ramifications of the ‘colourblind' doctrine. As always I reach for my dictionary, where your average Internet user may have picked up their working definition and I am reminded that it is a dense term with many facets to it. The first of the definitions provided by the Oxford dictionary is “the belief that all members of each race possess characteristics, abilities, or qualities specific to that race, especially so as to distinguish it as inferior or superior to another race or races: Prejudice, discrimination, or antagonism directed against someone of a different race based on the belief that one's own race is superior:” Not quite satisfied with that definition I perused the internet for any additional meanings, found many but settled on one I stumbled across after painstakingly sifting through relevant and irrelevant Google searches: “a policy, system of government, etc, based upon fostering such a doctrine; discrimination and the last one reads “ hatred or intolerance of another race or races.” To unpack this…If racism is an intolerance of other races then surely “colourblindness” as an aversion to racism must be a tolerance of other races? This is demonstrably not the case.
In an AtlantaBlackstar article A.Moore gives some tips on how to respond to your everyday colourblind racist:
‘“People are just people.” ”I don't see color.” ”We're all just human.” “Character, not color, is what counts with me.” Colorblindness” negates the cultural values, norms, expectations and life experiences of people of color. Even if an individual white person can ignore a person's skin color, society does not.
Claiming to be “colorblind” can also be a defense when someone is afraid to discuss racism, especially if the assumption is that all conversation about race or color is racist. Color consciousness does not equal racism.'
Colourblindness does not result in a tolerance of other races, it is in practice a willful ignorance of other races and thus is actually just a mutation of the disease. Herein lies the problems with colourblindness and sadly those that endorse it are blind to its flaws.
I wonder what we stand to gain by disregarding the things that make us distinctive but altogether equally beautiful? We do not live in a homogenous world and so a total disregard for our differences by champions of colourblindness is wholly unrealistic. Could it be we are eager to proclaim our colour-blindness as a result of fear? but what exactly are we afraid of?
Sandra Kerr OBE says ‘Racial prejudice is often borne out of fear of the unknown, with individuals feeling more ‘comfortable' with people of similar backgrounds – be it ethnicity or otherwise. This “unconscious bias” affects recruitment of people of an ethnic minority background, and perpetuates a ‘them and us' way of thinking. It's well researched that CVs with ethnic minority names are more likely to be rejected in favour of the exact same CV with a more traditional ‘white' name..'
Any racist accused of being racist can easily utter “I do not see colour.” Advocates for colourblindness have ended up closing their eyes to racism, especially the covert kind. I wonder if these advocates realise that they are in effect eradicating the years of struggle endured by thousands of prominent activists such as Martin Luther King Jr who were not demonstrating for the colour of their skin to be ignored but accepted as equal. If those prominent people did not “see colour” their fight for equal opportunities for black people would not have been a fight at all. Ascribing to the doctrine of colourblindness may end up with our hard won rights being eroded and eventually relegated to the past with our ancestors.
_____________________________________________________________
All work published on Media Diversified is the intellectual property of its writers. Please do not reproduce, republish or repost any content from this site without express written permission from Media Diversified. For further information, please see our reposting guidelines.
_________________________________________________
Cristine Edusi is an aspiring solicitor and a freelance writer.  They are currently trying to change the world a mind at a time through their blog thepromisciouspen and PenTalk, a series of discussion events that will unpack sociological and economic issues within society. They have a passion for displacing stereotypes, gender relations, emerging markets and personal development. When they are not working on their master plan to become the British equivalent to Ally McBeal, you will find them writing.  They are a graduate of Politics and History and wrote a thesis on the Arab Spring with a particular focus on Yemen.She also recently completed a graduate diploma in law. Find them on Twitter: @iamcroe.
Under the Radar Blog Archives Select Date… January, 2019 December, 2018 November, 2018 October, 2018 September, 2018 August, 2018 July, 2018 June, 2018 May, 2018 April, 2018 March, 2018 February, 2018
More than 1,000 pages of letters, memos, a draft speech and other materials relating to Skull and Bones and George W. Bush are set for release in July. | AP George W. Bush White House's ‘Skull and Bones' files due out
One of America's most prestigious and storied secret societies, Yale University's Skull and Bones, may be a little less secret if archivists at President George W. Bush's presidential library in Dallas get their way.
More than 1,000 pages of letters, memos, a draft speech and other materials relating to Skull and Bones are set for release in July, unless Bush or President Barack Obama move to block the disclosure, according to the National Archives.
“Included is correspondence from individuals, organizations, and children to President George W. Bush, Laura Bush, Andrew Card, and Karl Rove; routine memoranda regarding government awards and promotions; and draft correspondence from the White House with background material,” the National Archives said in an official notice to attorneys for Bush and Obama.
“Additional records include vetting materials, emails related to scheduled events, a phone message, a press briefing on Turkey, a register of Frederick Law Olmsted's papers at the Library of Congress, requests for comments from the press, and a request for Vice President Richard B. Cheney to attend William F. Buckley's memorial service,” the notice indicates.
The secretive group of well-connected Yale seniors meets in a foreboding campus building called “the tomb” and is rumored to conduct macabre rituals (one persistent rumor holds that the Bones tomb contains the skull of Geronimo, among other occult objects). Over the years, the society has been the subject of several books as well as a “60 Minutes” segment.
The group drew particular attention in the early 1990s, when Buckley and others went to court in an ultimately unsuccessful bid to keep the society from going co-ed, and in the 2004 election when Bush and Democratic presidential nominee Sen. John Kerry were both drawn from its ranks.
The notice from the National Archives, which oversees the White House records stored at the Bush Library, says the records were requested under the Freedom of Information Act. The notice doesn't specify who asked for the files, but other records consulted by POLITICO indicate it was Robert Gaylon Ross Sr., the author of several books alleging broad-based conspiracies by elites in America and around the globe.
One of Ross' works, “Who's Who of the Elite,” is a frequently-updated directory identifying purported members of groups often at the heart of various conspiracy theories, including the Bilderbergs, the Council on Foreign Relations, the Trilateral Commission and Skull and Bones.
An earlier version of this story contained some inaccurate names of past Skull and Bones members.
Josh Gerstein is a senior reporter for POLITICO.
Another university sponsors campaign teaching students it is ‘unfair' to be white
The University of Wisconsin – Superior (UWS) is sponsoring a campaign that teaches students it is “unfair” to be white, a university spokesperson confirmed to Campus Reform last Wednesday.
The controversial project, named the “Unfair Campaign,” exists to teach students that “systems and institutions are set up for us [whites]” and as such are “unfair.” The campaign's slogan, as it appears on its official website, is “it's hard to see racism when you're White.”
The project disseminates its controversial message through an aggressive campaign of online videos, billboards, and lectures.
Posters produced by the group feature a number of Caucasians with slogans like “is white skin really a fair skin?” sharpied on their faces.
The campaign was initially sponsored by the University of Minnesota – Duluth (UMD), but the school dropped their partnership and labeled the campaign “divisive” and “alienating” after a Campus Reform investigation brought unwanted national attention to the school.
Lynn Williams, a spokesperson for UWS, told Campus on Wednesday UWS does not “exactly” share UMD's concerns.
The school is using the campaign as an “opportunity on our campus to talk about all privilege and to create conversation,” they told Campus Reform.
“We really felt that this was an opportunity for the campus and the neighboring community to learn and to grow together,” Williams added.
Williams added UWS has held a number of “diversity dialogues” in conjunction with the Unfair Campaign and said that a number of professors have discussed the project in their classrooms.
The university has several events planned for the future and is not considering dropping its sponsorship, they added.
Follow the author of this article on Twitter: @oliverdarcy
Donald Trump promises that if Americans send them to the White House, he'll bring back waterboarding — and techniques that are “a hell of a lot worse.” Why? Because “torture works,” they claim, and even “if it doesn't work, they deserve it anyway.” That's not Trump's only bright idea for U.S. counterterrorism policy. He'd also “bomb the hell out of ISIS,” and they favor targeting the spouses and children of Islamic State fighters, too, since “with the terrorists, you have to take out their families.” That kind of rhetoric from the GOP front-runner has rightly alarmed the foreign policy establishment, prompting an open letter this past week from an array of Republican advisers opposing Trump.
Former CIA director Michael Hayden, who also served as a four-star Air Force general and the director of the National Security Agency, sees a remedy: The military would save us from Trump's excesses if they somehow get elected. “If any future president wants . . . to waterboard anybody, they better bring their own bucket,” Hayden has said. The Pentagon would never let them get away with war crimes: “The American armed forces would refuse to act,” they told HBO's Bill Maher recently. “You are required not to follow an unlawful order.”
Hayden's right that any presidential order to use torture or deliberately target civilians would be illegal. Under international and U.S. law, both are grave crimes, punishable by imprisonment or, under U.S. law, death. He's also right that military personnel have no duty to obey unlawful orders.
But don't count on the Pentagon to stop President Trump. The billionaire himself, asked at a Republican debate Thursday night what they would do if the military refused to obey their orders, seemed aware of that: “They won't refuse. They're not going to refuse me. Believe me. . . . If I say ‘Do it,' they're going to do it.” (On Friday, they said they wouldn't order troops to violate the law.)
Unfortunately, recent history suggests that he's right. Military resistance is no safeguard against a future president — Trump or anyone else — who's determined to have their way.
Laws can be manipulated, and they can be changed, especially when a president wants them manipulated or changed. The U.S. military has a strong rule-of-law culture, but it also has a strong commitment to civilian control of the armed forces. Generally speaking, that's good, but it also means that officers rarely respond with a flat-out “No” when senior civilian officials start playing fast and loose with the law. The armed forces have a duty to disobey manifestly unlawful orders, but when top civilian lawyers at the White House and the Justice Department overrule the military's interpretation of the law, few service members persist in their opposition.
[The unique horror of Donald Trump's foreign policy]
Think back to the first few years after the 9/11 attacks. The Pentagon initially planned to treat Taliban and al-Qaeda prisoners in accordance with the rules laid out in the Geneva Conventions, but the White House considered this inconvenient. (Under those rules, prisoners can't be detained secretly and with no review process, and they most definitely can't be waterboarded.) So the White House found some unusually compliant Justice Department lawyers, and by January 2002, the department's office of legal counsel was instructing the Defense Department that Geneva Convention protections did not apply to Taliban or al-Qaeda fighters.
Colin Powell, the George W. Bush administration's secretary of state and former chairperson of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, objected immediately, as did several top active-duty military officials. The Justice Department's position would “reverse over a century of U.S. policy and practice in supporting the Geneva conventions,” Powell argued, making the United States “vulnerable to domestic and international legal challenges” and creating a risk of criminal prosecution for American officials and troops.
The White House ignored such protests; then-White House counsel (and later attorney general) Alberto Gonzales asserted in a Jan. 25, 2002, memo to President Bush that the position“preserves flexibility” for the White House and “reduces the threat of domestic criminal prosecution under the War Crimes Act.” Their logic: If the Geneva Conventions don't apply, then U.S. officials can't violate them.
The same legal sleight of hand occurred with interrogation practices. Before 9/11, no courts or serious legal scholars argued that waterboarding was anything other than torture or that torture was anything other than illegal. But after 9/11, Justice Department lawyers contended that a practice counted as “torture” only if it was “intended” to cause the kind of “severe pain” generally associated with “death, organ failure, or the permanent impairment of a significant body function.” Since waterboarding and other “enhanced” interrogation practices were intended to elicit information rather than to cause pain for the sake of pain — and since the pain caused by waterboarding wasn't as bad as death or organ failure — it wasn't torture. (Under this logic, even the use of thumbscrews presumably wouldn't count as torture, as long as the interrogators' goal was intelligence, not vengeance.)
[Trump ‘tells it like it is.' That's not necessarily a good thing for democracy.]
Several senior military lawyers offered strenuous objections. For instance, Air Force Maj. Gen. Jack Rives argued that the “extreme interrogation techniques” approved by the Justice Department violated domestic criminal law and the Uniform Code of Military Justice. But military resistance was largely limited to memos. No one staged a coup; no senior officer resigned in public protest. At the end of the day, the military brass followed orders from their civilian masters.
If history and social psychology have taught us anything, it's that most people, civilian and military alike, will go along with the instructions of those they perceive as authority figures, no matter what horrors they have to witness or carry out — and for the most part, that's precisely what happened after 9/11. Although it was CIA rather than military personnel who were implicated in many of the most egregious post-9/11 abuses, military officers went along with plenty of bad actions and sometimes instigated them.
Even firmer resistance from military officials probably wouldn't have stopped the Bush administration from resorting to torture. In the years immediately following 9/11, White House officials turned repeatedly to the CIA for those jobs that made military personnel squirm. And Congress didn't exactly demand compliance with the spirit of the law, either. Though lawmakers eventually passed legislation prohibiting some of the most abusive interrogation practices, they also repeatedly altered U.S. laws in ways that enabled those same abuses to go unpunished. They provided a “just following orders” defense, for instance, and watered down previous war-crimes legislation, with retroactive application. If the Bush administration eventually abandoned its most controversial detention and interrogation practices, it wasn't because the military rebelled — it had more to do with the fatigue engendered by years of bad publicity, ceaseless external legal challenges and pressure from unhappy U.S. allies.
We've seen similar dynamics in recent debates about controversial Obama administration practices. Several military leaders have questioned the legality, morality and strategic wisdom of secret U.S. drone strikes outside of traditional battlefields, particularly when the targets are U.S. citizens. But just as they did under President Obama's predecessor, Justice Department lawyers have provided memos offering legal justifications , muting any military resistance. U.S. military intervention in Syria is also arguably illegal under international law, and numerous lawyers in the armed forces have expressed private concerns about this and about the legality of current U.S. action under the 2001 Authorization for Use of Military Force. But here again, don't expect a mutiny or a coup.
However much we might sometimes wish it to, law doesn't exist wholly beyond politics — and neither does the military. We shouldn't expect troops to stand up against illegal or immoral practices when the White House, the CIA, Congress and most members of the American public can't be bothered to do so.
So if you don't want Trump — or any potential president, now or in the future — to bring back thumbscrews, carpet bombing and the deliberate targeting of innocent civilians, don't count on the military to stop him. Our best hope, against this and all other forms of savagery and bigotry, is exactly what it's always been: Citizens need to speak out strongly and repeatedly, in the media, in the classroom, in the neighborhood and on the streets.
And don't forget to vote.
Twitter: @brooks_rosa
Read more from Outlook and follow our updates on Facebook and Twitter.
The western nation “Main Stream media.” won't cover this …
That's why if you want to know what is going on that they want us not to understand, go to a reputable blogger.
Of course, this is all illegal.
Here we disclose how your friendly Muslim next door is selling arms illegally.
YAVEX USA IS A TURKISH ARMS MANUFACTURING COMPANY THAT IS LICENSED TO DO BUSINESS IN FORT MEYERS, FLORIDA.
That's right, Fort Meyers, Florida.
Semper Fi News
Yavex U.S.A.
Owner YAVASÇALAR
Originally: September 28, 2016
February 20, 2017
Yeah, keep letting them into our country!!!
If this doesn't convince you that this IMMIGRATION is nothing less than an ARMED INVASION then nothing
will.
Wonder still why all those young (military age) men without children or wives are taking on the task of traveling all those miles posing as refugees?
Wonder no longer, it's Obama and Hillary's goal to have as many as possible granted refugee status where they become immediately able to receive all the goodies provide through our overly stretched safety net to be used for U.S. Citizens.
This will all be halted by President Donald Trump who has promised to lock down our borders.
If you have doubts about Muslim immigration, this might help clear them up!!!
THE END
"Discworld" morality lines up surprisingly well with the lessons of St. Therese
Terry Pratchett, the prolific author of the Discworld series (and many other books) passed away this year at the age of 66. Growing up as an atheist, their books offered me some of the strongest, most beautiful visions of living morally, and now that I'm a Catholic, I still love to return to them for their heart, as well as their humor.
Pratchett's Discworld is indeed flat, carried by four elephants on the back of a turtle, but the people (and dwarves and trolls and werewolves and vampires and whatever the proper term for Corporal Nobby Nobs is) who inhabit it are enough like us that their choices and struggles can light our way.
The Pratchett character I loved best was Granny Weatherwax (start with Wyrd Sisters and head straight for Witches Abroad — my favorite of their books). Granny tends to be an unstoppable force in the books they appear in, taking on con-men, elves, and Death himself, always “sure in their soul that the most terrifying thing in the forest was her.”
But when Granny brings all that power to bear on the world, it's in the defense of a simple, humble view of what goodness and evil are. In Carpe Jugulum, they wind up arguing about right and wrong with a novice preacher, who is fearful of making absolute statements — committed to seeing all the shades of gray. Granny rebukes him:
“There are no grays, only white that's got grubby. I'm surprised you don't know that. And sin, young man, is when you treat people as things. Including yourself. That's what sin is.” “It's a lot more complicated than that—” “No. It ain't. When people say things are a lot more complicated than that, they mean they are getting worried that they won't like the truth. People as things, that's where it starts.” “Oh, I'm sure there are worse crimes—” “But they start with thinking about people as things …”
Reading that as an atheist, it was the first time I'd seen a definition of sin that didn't sound like, as Francis Spufford describes our modern use of the word in Unapologetic, a kind of “enjoyable naughtiness” that seemed mostly to do with sex or very expensive chocolates.
But the kind of sin that Granny talks about isn't an indulgence in something harmless, luxurious and secret. And it's not the world-shaking evil of a monster or a murderer. It's a seemingly small rejection of creation and the particular place our fellow people have in it. It's not always choosing hatred; it can be putting aside love for indifference.
But it's an insidious sort of error that harms me along with the person I'm rejecting. They'll be hurt by the way I treat them, but I'm wounded by my self-inflicted blindness. I've robbed myself of the chance to see the other person as God does, and to love them in theirs way.
And it's because Granny (and Pratchett) fight their battles at the scale of soul to soul that the Discworld series could continue so beautifully. There was always another front to the war, always a way people might start thinking of people as things, even after one individual conflict (the legacy of Koom Valley in Thud! or the rediscovery of a dangerous weapon in Men at Arms) had been solved.
People as things is where it always starts, and Granny would be quick to agree with Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn that their life would be easier if …
“If only it were all so simple! If only there were evil people somewhere insidiously committing evil deeds, and it were necessary only to separate them from the rest of us and destroy them. But the line dividing good and evil cuts through the heart of every human being. And who is willing to destroy a piece of their own heart?”
At the scale of a human heart there's a limit to what Granny can solve with magic. Despite their powers, their victories are won “with skin.” And none of them can be permanent, or else she'd have wound up treating the person she's saving as just another thing to be carefully mended and put aside.
In Witches Abroad Granny explains why they hold back on the use of their power: “You can't go around building a better world for people. Only people can build a better world for people. Otherwise it's just a cage.”
Instead, the work that is left to Granny, and to all of us, more closely resembles St. Therese of Lisieux's advice to “miss no single opportunity of making some small sacrifice, here by a smiling look, there by a kindly word, always doing the smallest right and doing it all for love.” In the moment, Pratchett's heroes are a little more curmudgeonly than Therese, but they keep doing the next right thing: refusing to discard others or see them as things.
In their wonderful Discworld series, and through their creation of fiercely moral characters like Granny Weatherwax, Terry Pratchett gave us a chance to let ourselves out of the cages we construct for ourselves.
We join Granny, Sam Vimes, Polly Perks and so many others in building a better world by becoming better people one reader (and friend) at a time.
See the little angels rise up, rise up …
Leah Libresco is the author of Arriving at Amen: Seven Catholic Prayers That Even I Can Offer and writes about Catholicism for Patheos at Unequally Yoked.
Dale Zanine-USA TODAY Sports
Washington Nationals outfielder Denard Span is making their return to the lineup, batting leadoff and playing center field against the San Diego Padres, per Mark Zuckerman of CSN Mid-Atlantic. Span had been on the disabled list with a back injury since July 10.
Rotoworld noted the outfielder went 7-for-17 during their rehab assignment at High-A Potomac, hitting a home run to go with three walks and three runs scored in six games.
Span's road to recovery has been a long one, with the outfielder suffering a setback on Aug. 8 just as it appeared they were set to return to the lineup, per Zuckerman. The setback might have been connected with a problem Span was dealing with earlier in the season, as Chelsea Janes of the Washington Post reported.
The core muscle was on their right side, as Span underwent surgery to repair it in March, according to the Nationals. A quick recovery saw them miss just 13 games and make their way into the Nationals lineup for their season debut on April 19 against the Philadelphia Phillies.
Span is batting .304 with five home runs, 22 RBI and 11 stolen bases while adding solid defense in the outfield.
Since Span's absence, the Nationals have seen their lead in the NL East evaporate, with the New York Mets surging to the front of the division, holding a 5.5 game lead upon their return.
Stats courtesy of Baseball-Reference.com.
A former political adviser to President Bill Clinton says there is "more than a theoretical chance" that Hillary Clinton will not be the Democratic nominee for president.
Douglas Schoen wrote in the Wall Street Journal late Tuesday that a Bernie Sanders win in California next week would remove the "inevitability" of Clinton's campaign. That could force Democrats to realize that Clinton might be the weaker candidate in a general election.
"A Sanders win in California would powerfully underscore Mrs. Clinton's weakness as a candidate in the general election," they said. "Democratic superdelegates — chosen by the party establishment and overwhelmingly backing Mrs. Clinton, 543-44 — would seriously question whether they should continue to stand behind them candidacy."
Schoen said Sanders is also likely to use the Democratic convention to push for a rule that would force superdelegates to vote for the candidate that won their respective states.
They said that proposal could end up being a "referendum on the Clinton candidacy," and would give Democrats a way to hand the nomination to Sanders.
Schoen said these sorts of issues are going through the minds of Democrats in the wake of polls showing that Sanders would perform better against Donald Trump.
"Bernie Sanders consistently runs stronger than they do against Mr. Trump nationally, beating them by about 10 points in a number of recent surveys," they wrote.
Another unknown factor for Democrats is Clinton's email scandal, which continues to dog their campaign. A government watchdog report last week said Clinton broke the rules by keeping their private email system, and many voters believe Clinton acted in an unethical way by not using a government email account.
"The damning findings buttressed concerns within the party that Mrs. Clinton and their aides may not get through the government's investigation without a finding of culpability somewhere," Schoen wrote.
Assuming we haven't already met aliens and that we are still looking for our cosmic neighbors, our first encounter with aliens could be really scary.
So, if you imagined aliens as small humanoid beings, with a massive elongated head, almond shaped-eyes, who have a weird obsession of ‘sticking probes' up people's bums, then you are going to be disappointed.
A new study titled “Alien Minds” by Professor Susan Schneider from the University of Connecticut and the Institute for Advanced Studies at Princeton discusses a theory of how first contact would be with an extraterrestrial race—robotic extraterrestrial race—which is billions of years old.
Yup, a robot which is so old that It's difficult to gasp according to the Daily Galaxy.
Professor Schneider says that an Alien AI could already be out there in the cosmos and its most likely billions of years old.
Schneider says, “I do not believe that most advanced alien civilizations will be biological. The most sophisticated civilizations will be post-biological, forms of artificial intelligence or alien superintelligence.”
“Other civilizations may be vastly older than us – earthlings are galactic babies”, they said.
Dr. Schneider believed in the ‘greater age of alien civilizations.'
In a report published by Daily Galaxy, Professor Schneider said: ‘all lines of evidence converge on the conclusion that the maximum age of extraterrestrial intelligence would be billions of years, specifically ranges from 1.7 billion to 8 billion years.'
This means that if aliens are out there, not only are they way smarter than we are, they are also more likely to have already adopted a post-biological phase.
Uploading onto machines would mean that silicon-based life could survive harsher and more dangerous conditions than hat carbon-based life forms, consequently, this means that their civilization could survive for much longer periods of time.
I think it very likely – in fact, inevitable – that biological intelligence is only a transitory phenomenon… If we ever encounter extraterrestrial intelligence, I believe it is very likely to be postbiological in nature—Paul Davies
Dr. Schneider argues that there are many advantages to being silicon-based.
“It's easier for instance to survive space travel. There's tremendous computational power available and there are no physical limitations like the skull and a machine could in principle reach super-intelligence quicker than a human,” they said.
There would be near-immortality and reliability'.
Interestingly, there are a lot of astronomers and scientists who believe aliens could in fact be robots. And why not? Ray Kurzweil from Google has predicted that humankind will merge with machines by 2050.
If you take into considerations that aliens do exist, and have existed for millions—if not billions—of years, then it is only logical to assume that they've merged with machines eventually.
Seth Shostak of the Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence says:
“Consider the fact that any signal we pick up has to come from a civilization at least as advanced as we are. Now, let's say, conservatively, the average civilization will use radio for 10,000 years. From a purely probabilistic point of view, the chance of encountering a society far older than ourselves is quite high.”
(H/T Daily Galaxy)
Three Invercargill City Council staff who went to China to purchase Christmas lights failed to decide what lights they wanted.
The controversial trip, which cost ratepayers more than $21,000, resulted in elected councillors sparking up about the lighting issue at a full council meeting on Tuesday.
Some were in favour of the trip and some weren't.
Council chief executive Richard King said last week four staff members had gone to Invercargill's sister city, Suqian, with three on the trip to purchase replacement Christmas lights for the CBD.
READ MORE:
* Council staff in China to buy Christmas lights
* Christmas lights excursion to China 'absolutely ridiculous'
However, a report to Tuesday's council meeting by finance director Dean Johnston revealed they had not bought any lights while in China.
The council staffers checked out plenty of lights and were assured the Chinese could provide a cost effective solution to Invercargill's festival, decoration and lighting issues, but the staff had yet to decide what they wanted, they said.
Johnston's report recommended that a festival and lighting plan be developed over the next two weeks to commence the installation of lights and decorations in Esk St for this Christmas and further CBD areas over the next two to three years.
The council also agreed to investigate installing a 10m Christmas tree in Wachner Place along with smaller trees in Invercargill suburbs and Bluff.
Councillor Ian Pottinger questioned whether anything was achieved on the trip, saying they could have achieved the same from their Invercargill desk in one day.
"I cannot believe you have gone over there and you have no idea of price and you don't have a design."
But Cr Peter Kett said the trip was money well spent and it made good sense to deal directly with the manufacturer.
Cr Neil Boniface said they had been asking the council staff to do something about the Christmas lights and they agreed with the trip.
Cr Lindsay Abbott said they were ticked off people thought councillors had made the decision for staff to go to China when they knew nothing about the trip.
Mayor Tim Shadbolt said their view was staff should be allowed to make decisions. They had been asked to fix the lights problem and now they were doing their job they were attacked for not going through a certain process, they said.
The council also agreed to investigate purchasing 2000 LED lights from China for $10,000, to be placed in its housing units, with Johnston's report saying it would save $20,000 to $30,000 on the equivalent New Zealand priced alternative.
The council would also investigate purchasing tubular lights from China, for testing in the civic building, and if they lasted longer and reduced costs new lights would be put throughout the council.
Parks manager Robin Pagan was also on the China trip to discuss and inspect the proposed site for the potential establishment of an Invercargill Friendship Garden in the Santai Mountain Forest Park.
Invercargill was the first sister city to be invited to build a friendship garden in the park and it would be part of a major Chinese attraction, Pagan said.
The Interface
The way one is supposed to use the Holga camera is quite different from any mainstream camera. The motto of Holga and other toy cameras is "Don't think, Just shoot!".
The original Holga camera has so few functions that you don't get distracted by the technicalities. The Holga D camera is also based on the same principal. Even though it has more functions and controls compared to the analog Holga but it is designed in such a way that it discourages fiddling around with camera-settings and and encourages you to just shoot without thinking much.
On the top panel there are one big and bright shutter release button and little two-shades black and white E-Ink display. Surrounding these two there are two dials, for shutter speed and ISO control. The two dials are flushed with the top surface and cannot be accessed like any common camera dial. On the shutter speed dial there there is a little protrusion which which helps to rotate the dial by pressing and moving with finger.
The ISO setting is supposed to be changed even less often, so this function is made even less accessible. On this dial there is a small dimple, so you need a pointed object like pencil, pen etc to rotate the ISO settings .
The shutter dial has setting from Bulb to 2000. But only bulb and 125 are painted with bold letters corresponding to the original Holga, all others are lightly etched.
Senator Ted Cruz may have urged Donald J. Trump to leave their wife, Heidi, “the hell alone,” but there is one group that is quietly hoping Mr. Trump's attacks on their rival's spouse and other women will continue indefinitely: Democrats.
As Hillary Clinton turns their attention to a general election campaign, Mr. Trump's nasty skirmish with Mr. Cruz, including their warning to “spill the beans” about Mrs. Cruz, without offering specifics, and their reposting of a message that mocked their looks, have played into a crucial Democratic strategy to defeat Mr. Trump in November: to portray them as an unabashed sexist.
Mrs. Clinton's allies hope to sway suburban and independent women, who will play an outsize role in deciding the fall election, to support their candidacy by pushing this theme. These Democrats say the matchup would be historic: one pitting the first female nominee of a major political party against a rival who has repeatedly dismissed and disparaged women and their looks.
“I want Donald Trump to talk every single day for the rest of this election,” said Representative Debbie Wasserman Schultz of Florida, the chairperson of the Democratic National Committee. “He just needs to keep spewing what they have been spewing.”
On Sunday, the eldest resident of Dharnai, India, flipped a switch and the village officially joined the age of electricity. But Dharnai, in India's northeastern Bihar state, did more than join a reliable energy grid — it became India's first village powered entirely by solar electricity. A few months ago, Greenpeace and two other NGOs that work in the area (BASIX and CEED) started building a solar power micro-grid to serve the village, and after a few months of testing, the autonomous 100 kilowatt system officially went online this past weekend.
The Dharnai grid serves about 450 homes, housing 2,400 residents, Greenpeace says, as well as roughly 50 businesses, streetlights, water pumps, two schools, health care center, and other public and private ventures. It has a battery to store excess electricity, for use during the sunless hours.
Germany reaching the milestone of (at least briefly) meeting more than half its electricity needs through solar is probably a bigger feat, but The Week's Ryan Cooper argues that projects like this in India and China will do more over the long term to counter the harmful climate effects of fossil fuel consumption.
And bringing reliable electricity to a town or village for the first time feels like a much bigger deal than switching from nuclear to solar power. It changes every aspect of life, from safety and health to entertainment and economic progress. Earlier this month, Andrew Satter at the Center for American Progress detailed what getting power for the first time does to villages in India, and Greenpeace does something similar in this video from newly solar-powered Dharnai. --Peter Weber
Zachary Quinto, inheritor of the iconic Mr. Spock role in JJ Abrams' "Star Trek" reboot and the star of the upcoming film "Margin Call," reveals that they are gay in a new profile in New York Magazine. The star, 34, credits their role in the Broadway play "Angels In America," in which they play a gay man who leaves their AIDS-afflicted boyfriend, for helping to put them further in touch with the hopes felt and struggles faced by both gay and straight Americans, and discusses their political outlook for the rights movement.
Living in New York during the play's run, Quinto says the experience was both challenging and rewarding, and gave them a fresh perspective on the work that needs to be done in the fight for equality. On one hand, New York State legalized gay marriage; on the other, a gay teen committed suicide earlier this year because of unending bullying.
"As a gay man I look at that and say there's a hopelessness that surrounds it," they say, "but as a human being I look at it and say ‘Why? Where's this disparity coming from, and why can't we as a culture and society dig deeper to examine that?' We're terrified of facing ourselves.”
Quinto has long been an advocate for gay rights -- they performed in a 2009 staging of "The Laramie Project: 10 Years Later" and appeared at a banquet for the cause that same weekend, and put out an "It Gets Better" video the next year. That often fed into speculation over their sexuality, as did the fact that he's played a number of gay roles, and is doing so again in their latest television show, "American Horror Story."
In an interview with the New York Times last year, they said they preferred discussion about their advocacy over personal matters.
“The fact that these things are such hot-button issues right now, socially and politically, I would much rather talk about that than talk about who I sleep with,” Quinto said. “I would love to be a voice in this maelstrom of chaos and obsessive celebrity infatuation that says, ‘Let's talk about something that matters.'”
As Spock, they had a blossoming romance with Zoë Saldana's Uhra; they just appeared this fall as the ex-boyfriend of Anna Faris in "What's Your Number.
For more, click over to NY Magazine.
UPDATE:
Quinto posted a new blog on their website Sunday morning to discuss why they decided to come out as a gay man.
"When I found out that Jamey Rodemeyer killed themselves -- I felt deeply troubled," Quinto writes. "But when I found out that Jamey Rodemeyer had made an 'It Gets Better' video only months before taking their own life -- I felt indescribable despair."
Quinto, who also made an "It Gets Better" video (see below), says Rodemeyer's death made them decide to speak up in public.
"In light of Jamey's death -- it became clear to me in an instant that living a gay life without publicly acknowledging it -- is simply not enough to make any significant contribution to the immense work that lies ahead on the road to complete equality. Our society needs to recognize the unstoppable momentum toward unequivocal civil equality for every gay lesbian bisexual and transgendered citizen of this country."
Ky. clerk says governor told them to issue licenses or resign
A Kentucky clerk of court said the state's Democratic governor told them they should either issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples or resign from office.
But Casey Davis said they would go to jail before they resigned and vowed they would not issue any marriage licenses in Casey County after the U.S. Supreme Court legalized same-sex marriages in all 50 states.
Davis is one of several local officials across the country who have refused to comply with the court's decision, citing religious objections. The American Civil Liberties Union has already sued Rowan County Clerk of Court Kim Davis for refusing to issue marriage licenses. A federal judge is scheduled to hear arguments in that case on Monday.
Gov. Steve Beshear said most clerks are following the law and the courts and the voters will deal with the rest.
OW !
OH BOY... UH ALRIGHT,GUYS, OVER HERE.
COME OVER HERE.
OH !
WE GOT A LOT OFWORK TO DO
AND NOT MUCH TIMETO DO IT IN.
WHO ARE YOU ?
MY NAME IS STANAND I'M YOUR NEW COACH.
NOW WE JUST NEED TO KIND OFORGANIZE A LITTLE BIT
AND PRACTICE OUR-
COACH, I HAVE TOGO POTTY.
ALRIGHT, FINE GO AHEAD.
BY MYSELF ?
JUST HOLD ITA WHILE, OKAY ?
WHAT DOESPASSING MEAN ?
WHEN YOU SHOOT THE PUCKTO ANOTHER PLAYER.
MY MOMMY SAYSI'M BIG AS THE SKY !
COACH, MORGANSPIT ON MY FOOT !
I DID NOT !
ALRIGHT, ALRIGHT,SHUT UP !
WE'RE GOING TO PRACTICE.
YOU TWO GUYS PLAY DEFENSEAND YOU PLAY GOALIE.
I CAN'T PLAY GOALIE.
WHY NOT ?
MY DOCTOR SAYS I'MNOT A SUPPOSED TO.
WHY, YOU GOT ASTHMAOR SOMETHING ?
NO, They Have CANCER.
WHAT ?
NELSON HAS LEUKEMIA.
IT'S ALREADY SPREADTO Their BONE MARROW.
I DON'T WANNAHAVE CANCER !
UH... IT'S OKAY,DON'T CRY.
BUT WHY ME,COACH, WHY ?
COACH, WHY DO PEOPLEGET CANCER ?
OH JESUS,CAN WE JUST PRACTICE ?
ARE WE GONNA GET CANCER IFWE PLAY WITH NELSON, COACH ?
NO !
WELL, WELL, WELL, IF ITISN'T THE PARK COUNTY LOSERS !
HA-HA !HA-HA !
OH NO, ADAMS COUNTY !
WE JUST THOUGHT WE'DCOME CHECK OUT THE ICE
FOR THE GAME TOMORROW.
GAVIN THROTTLE, COACH OFTHE ADAMS COUNTY TEAM.
HEY.
LOOK, WHY DON'T YOUJUST GIVE UP ?
YOU CAN'T BEAT US.
YOU REALLY WANT TOEMBARRASS YOUR PLAYERS ?
OUR COACH ISN'TGONNA LET US LOSE !
YEAH !YEAH !YEAH !
FINE... THAT'STHE WAY YOU WANT IT.
SEE YOU TOMORROW, COACH.
ADAMS TEAM !
RIGHT-FOLLOW !RIGHT-FOLLOW !
COACH, PLEASE DON'T LET USLOSE TO ADAMS COUNTY !
MY DADDY WILLBEAT ME AGAIN !
It's not a hoax: the Danish government really is legislating to search refugees and confiscate jewellery and other valuables.
Reports first emerged last week that Denmark was planning to search refugees trying to claim asylum in the country and confiscate valuable items to pay for their living expenses.
The story began to circulate on news websites, with some readers dismissing it as a hoax, before it was picked up by international media.
Some commentators have defended Denmark for taking a tough line on asylum seekers, while critics – including politicians from the ruling party – have said the idea recalls the Nazi policy of stealing valuables from Jewish refugees and prisoners.
The UN refugee agency UNHCR told Channel 4 News the idea “beggars belief”.
Nevertheless, the Danish government has confirmed it published draft legislation on a range of new asylum initiatives, including “seizing valuable assets”, on 10 December.
More details will be thrashed out in parliamentary debate in January, but a new law is expected to come into force from February.
A Danish government spokesperson said: “The Danish Immigration Service shall ensure that asylum seekers receive the necessary support while their asylum applications are being considered. The support includes basic maintenance, health care and accommodation.
“The bill presented on 10 December 2015 provides the Danish authorities with the power to search clothes and luggage of asylum seekers – and other migrants without a permit to stay in Denmark – with a view to finding assets which may cover the expenses mentioned above.
“It is explicitly mentioned in the bill before Parliament that the new rule on seizure will only apply to assets of a considerable value. Thus, foreigners will always be able to keep assets which are necessary to maintain a modest standard of living, eg watches and mobile phones.
“In other words, the general principle of a minimum amount exempt from execution also applies in this context.
Assets which have a certain personal, sentimental value to a foreigner will not, as a main rule, be seized unless they have considerable value. Danish government
“Furthermore, assets which have a certain personal, sentimental value to a foreigner will not, as a main rule, be seized unless they have considerable value. The proposed rule aplies also to refugees already in the country.”
They said the new policy “follows from current rules that an asylum seeker, who brings sufficient means to take care of him- or herself, should not also receive support from the Immigration Service”.
Refugee pressure?
The spokesperson added: “Europe currently receives a very high number of refugees. This put a pressure on all countries, including Denmark.
“Denmark does take a share. However, a too high number of refugees put pressure on the Danish society and make it more difficult to ensure a successful integration of those who come to Denmark.
“The Government has therefore decided to tighten Danish refugees policies.”
The latest official figures from Eurostat show that Denmark had 5,520 asylum applications in the third quarter of this year, 22 per cent fewer than in the same quarter a year ago.
There were 108,000 applications in neighbouring Germany from July to September 2015, but Denmark has a much smaller population.
The country experienced 975 applications per million residents in the latest quarter, more than the average of 815 seen across the 28 EU member states.
Political wrangling
The policy of confiscating valuables was first mooted by Denmark's Justice Minister Soren Pind on a popular TV chat show, provoking laughter from some members of the studio audience.
Mr Pind denied that it would mean stripping people of wedding rings and other personal items, saying: “I'm talking about a situation in which there are personal items of significant value but no sentimental worth.
“I'm talking about a situation in which a man comes along with a case full of diamonds and asks for protection in Denmark. That's only fair.”
But another MP, Martin Henriksen, was quoted as saying that even wedding rings should be confiscated if necessary.
“Soren Pind is telling stories. They say that the police should only confiscate diamonds from refugees, but in our negotiations we have also discussed cash and smaller valuables.
“At no point have we said that we should only confiscate large amounts of cash or diamonds, and it worries me that the minister of justice says such things.”
Dr Martin Lemberg-Pedersen, a researcher researcher at the centre for advanced migration studies at the University of Copenhagen, said the plans had to be seen in the context of Danish politics.
Since elections in June, Mr Pind's ruling centre-right party Venstre has been forced to rely on Mr Henriksen's anti-immigration Danish People's Party (DPP) to prop up its weak minority government.
“The Danish People's Party are quite nationalistic,” said Dr Lemberg-Pedersen. “They will go along with a lot of policies as long as they get something on immigration.”
Timeline: how Denmark has toughened its stance on refugees
26 August - Parliament approves a 45 per cent cut to benefits offered to asylum seekers
07 September - Danish government advertisements designed to deter migrants appear in newspapers in Lebanon, announcing the welfare cuts and emphasising other restrictions
11 September - Denmark exercises its opt-out on asylum policy and refuses to take part in an EU plan to resettle 160,000 people in various countries
17 September - Danish Prime Minister Lars Løkke Rasmussen says the country will voluntarily take in 1,000 people
24 November - Mr Rasmussen backtracks on the promise to take in 1,000 refugees
Some commentators are assuming that the policy could be largely symbolic – an attempt to send a message to would-be refugees to avoid Denmark – which could explain why there is little detail on how it will work in practice.
The Danish government told us asylum seekers will be obliged to inform the authorities about “any means the asylum seeker brings with them or her”. But it's not clear what happens if migrants try to hide items on themselves.
Dr Martin Lemberg-Pedersen said: “A very crucial question remains: how is this going to be enforced?
“Are police going to frisk people at the border? Are they going to use force? Are valuables going to be kept in storage facilities. Are they going to sell? To whom? All these questions are still unanswered by the government.”
The news has created a strong reaction in Denmark, they added. Some commentators, including Vestre politicians, have said the policy recalls the Nazi policies of stealing valuables from Jewish refugees and prisoners.
“I think that comparison was bound to happen. But of course you have to distinguish between the times and contexts.
“But it is not actually surprising – this is actually what the Nazis were doing to people back then.
“Of course you can't make a one-on-one comparison.
“But you can make a comparison between the European failure to respond adequately to Jewish refugees then and the similar European failure to respond now to the current Syrian refugees.”
A spokesperson for the UNHCR refugee agency told Channel 4 News: “Refugees have lost their homes and almost everything they possess.
“It beggars belief that somebody would want to strip them away from the little they have managed to salvage from their lives.
“Refugees need and deserve compassion, understanding, respect and solidarity.”
French presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron confirmed the breach hours after a large trove of emails purportedly from their political party appeared online. | Getty French presidential candidate confirms 'massive' hack days before election Front-runner Emmanuel Macron tried to build a hack-proof campaign with a detailed plan for preventing a breach. It failed.
PARIS — French presidential front-runner Emmanuel Macron tried to build a hack-proof campaign with a detailed plan for preventing a breach.
It failed.
Story Continued Below
Their campaign confirmed late Friday that it was the victim of a “massive and coordinated” cyberattack hours after a large trove of emails purportedly from their political party appeared online, just two days before the country's decisive presidential runoff.
The news of the hack — which supporters of far-right candidate Marine Le Pen and people associated with the United States' alt-right movement promoted on social media under the hashtag "#macronleaks" — added a surprise twist to the closing moments of a divisive race. And it revived dreadful memories for some U.S. Democrats, whose party fell prey last year to politically timed leaks of hacked emails that intelligence agencies linked to Russia.
Rep. Adam Schiff of California, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, said Saturday that the reported hacking of Macron's campaign raises a potential "nightmare scenario," pointing to allegations by Macron's campaign that some of the dumped material may be forgeries. Democrats made similar warnings last year over the hacked emails that appeared on sites such as WikiLeaks, although they never proved that any of the documents were actually fake.
"While we are still awaiting confirmation from French officials that there are indeed forgeries being dumped along with authentic stolen documents, this would represent yet another dangerous escalation of cyber interference in a Western nation's democracy," Schiff said in a statement.
The latest leaked emails look intended to influence Sunday's French election and aftermath. As in last year's contest in the U.S. fingers immediately pointed toward hacker groups linked to the Russian government, which has embraced Le Pen. Coming less than 48 hours before voting starts and with Macron up by 20 percentage points in the last polls, it's hard to predict what impact, if any, it may have.
Complicating matters, the French campaign is now in a weekend blackout period that means the candidates or the media aren't likely to discuss or delve into the emails, which seem to include communications between staffers and documents. The trove has yet to yield any bombshell revelation, and the immediate impact of the release on Saturday morning was to sow confusion over what was in it and what it might mean.
The French election commission issued a direct call to all media not to report on the content of the leaks. It would meet later on Saturday after Macron's campaign informed it about the hack and the publication online of the data.
The French government has blocked the 4chan messaging group where this first appeared for IP addresses based in France. An interior ministry official declined to comment to Reuters, citing the rules that forbid commentary liable to influence an election.
In a lengthy statement, Macron's party En Marche said “the files circulating were obtained several weeks ago thanks to the hacking of personal and professional email boxes of several leaders of the party.” It accused the hackers of adding fake documents to real ones “in order to sow doubt and disinformation.”
“This is not a simple pirating operation but indeed an attempt to destabilize the French presidential election,” the campaign said. “It therefore makes sense to consider the nature of the leaked documents, to be aware that a large part of them are purely and simply forgeries and a chance to amplify this attempt at destabilization.”
During the presidential debate Thursday, Le Pen insinuated that something of this nature would occur in the final dash of the campaign. They said, without offering any proof, that Macron had offshore bank accounts. French prosecutors opened an investigation this week into whether fake news was being circulated in a bid to influence the presidential election.
Neither the National Front campaign nor its online teams have discussed the emails publicly. In a tweet late Friday night, party Vice President Florian Philippot wondered whether #macronleaks would reveal things that the media was deliberately ignoring. “Terrifying this democratic shipwreck,” they said in a message retweeted over a thousand times.
Morning Cybersecurity A daily briefing on politics and cybersecurity — weekday mornings, in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
The Macron campaign had taken unprecedented measures to avoid breaches. The campaign's digital director signaled just a few days ago that no hack had been successful, as web analytics firm Trend Micro identified the source of hacking attempts as the same Russian outfit that tapped into the emails of the Democratic National Committee in the U.S.
Macron's digital campaign director Mounir Mahjoubi said last month that staffers had been under constant attack since last December with thousands of attempts registered each month. They said the attribution to a Russian-backed hacker group confirmed the campaign's intuitions, calling for a full investigation into the hack's origins that they said could not take place during the election campaign.
Staffers told POLITICO they were briefed extensively on cybersecurity procedures, including instructions to signal the smallest sign of breach, which would trigger a password-changing protocol for the entire campaign staff. Staffers said they individually received multiple phishing attempts — false emails that get the user to give up their password and inadvertently provide access to the account to hackers
Nicolas Vanderbiest, a Belgian researcher on social media influence, told French daily Libération that Wikileaks “clearly played in role” in propagating the leaks online. Twitter users associated with the transparency organization were among the first to start disseminating the material Friday night, they said. These same accounts were also central in spreading the accusation that Macron had a secret bank account in the Bahamas — a claim the presidential candidate has flatly denied and against which they have filed a legal complaint.
Pierre Briançon and Emmet Livingstone contributed reporting.
Google and Yahoo have accused ad-blocking software Shine of destroying the relationship between advertisers and consumers, after an executive from the company called its solution a "nuclear weapon" threatening the industry.
In a heated debate at Mobile World Congress (MWC) on Tuesday, executives from Google and Yahoo clashed with Shine's chief marketing officer (CMO) over ad-blocking.
Ad blocking software use grew 41 percent in the 12 months to August 2015 and there are now 198 million active adblock users around the world, according PageFair. Ad blocking was estimated to cost advertisers $22 billion last year.
"Shine is the single biggest threat in the history of advertising...it's a stellar opportunity to reset the relationship with consumers," Roi Carthy (CMO) of Shine Technologies said.
"We are not against advertising...there's a misconception that Shine is against advertising...we do believe new rules of engagement need to come about."
Carthy claimed that consumers were being "abused" by advertising technology.
Hillary Clinton has every right to be infuriated by the performance of the press during the 2016 election. In their new book “What Happened,” Clinton mainly indicts television news for abandoning coverage of any actual public policy issues in favor of its berserk obsession with their use of a private email server. Subsidiary malefactors include Matt Lauer, for asking them about almost nothing else at NBC's September 2016 Commander-in-Chief Forum on national security, and the New York Times, for its spasmodic freakout when FBI Director James Comey declared they were re-opening the bureau's investigation into their emails just before the election.
But here's where Clinton and I part ways:
In an interview Tuesday, they said, “I don't think the press did their job in this election, with very few exceptions.” They believe the problem is something new, and the fault of bad individuals.
Clinton's problem is obvious: At 69 years old and after a lifetime in politics, they somehow still doesn't understand what the corporate media's job is.
Generally speaking, when people fail to do their jobs in a spectacular way, they get fired. When they do their jobs, they're not.
Who exactly in the corporate media has been fired for failing to provide the United States with in-depth, sober, fair-minded coverage of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action with Iran and the minutia of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act?
No one.
Which suggests that the media did do its job. Moreover, I think the media performed incredibly well.
The New York Times, CBS, NBC, ABC, CNN, et al., are gigantic corporations — in most cases owned by even larger ones. And the job of giant corporations is not to inform American citizens about reality. It's not to play a hallowed role in the history of a self-governing republic. It's to make as much profit as possible. That in turn means the corporate media will never, ever be “liberal” in any genuine sense and will be hostile to all politicians who feint in that direction.
From that perspective, the media's performance in 2016 was a shining, glorious success. As Les Moonves effused just as the primaries were starting, Donald Trump's campaign was “good for us economically. … Go Donald! Keep getting out there!” The entire Hieronymus Bosch-like nightmare, said Moonves, “may not be good for America, but it's damn good for CBS.” CNN made $1 billion in profits during the election year, far more than ever before.
With that in mind, read this passage from Clinton's book about their experience with Lauer, who asked them five questions in a row about their private email server:
Finally, after learning absolutely nothing new or interesting, Lauer turned to a question from one of the veterans NBC had picked to be in the audience. They were a self-described Republican, a former Navy lieutenant who had served in the first Gulf War, and they promptly repeated the right-wing talking point about how my email use would have landed anyone else in prison. Then they asked how could they trust me as President “when you clearly corrupted our national security?” NBC knew exactly what it was doing here. The network was treating this like an episode of The Apprentice, in which Trump stars and ratings soar. Lauer had turned what should have been a serious discussion into a pointless ambush.
That's Clinton's problem right there. Of course NBC “knew exactly what it was doing.” What Lauer and their co-workers were doing was their job: to make as much money as humanly possible for NBC.
By contrast, fostering “serious discussion” is not part of their job. Serious discussion about politics is time-consuming and expensive. Serious discussion makes advertisers, executives, and shareholders angry. It's unprofitable.
Getting angry at the corporate media for not telling America the truth is like getting angry at chainsaws for doing a terrible job brushing your teeth. Sure, the chainsaw company may run lots of promotional ads about how its latest model, the Scytherate 9000, is essential for your dental health. And maybe you have the right to get mad at the manufacturer the first time you jam it in your mouth and turn it on. But if you keep doing it, at a certain point that's on you. You should be able to figure out that getting your teeth minty fresh is in fact not what chainsaws are designed to do.
Clinton's inability to grasp this fundamental point is the central mystery of their condemnation of the media. No American politician has been personally brutalized for longer by the press's relentless garbage tornado. Yet they somehow are surprised when it happened again in 2016 and came through that painful experience still believing the corporate media's propaganda about itself.
For instance, Clinton makes a big deal out of a study that found the nightly news on CBS, NBC, and ABC devoted just 32 minutes to real issues in the presidential race during the first 10 months of 2016. By contrast, they point out, “In 2008, the major networks' nightly newscasts spent a total of 220 minutes on policy. In 2012, it was 114 minutes.”
Okay, 220 minutes on policy is better than 32 minutes. But 220 minutes of policy coverage is still just seven minutes per network per month. That's not a golden era to look back upon with great nostalgia. Moreover, Clinton doesn't mention election years like 1996, when the networks devoted just 96 minutes to issues.
Likewise, Clinton claims that the media's disinclination to pin Trump down on any of their endless lies in real time, particularly during their debates, “was not just a slight shift; this was a ground-shaking shift.” But no one who lived through Ronald Reagan's constant excursions to a fantasy world, and the media acquiescence to it, could believe that Trump is qualitatively new. Indeed, then-Vice President George H.W. Bush's Press Secretary Peter Teeley told the New York Times in 1984 that campaign operatives knew they could get away with lying during debates. “You can say anything you want during a debate and 80 million people hear it,” Teeley explained, and if the media later documents that what the candidate said was false, “So what? … Maybe 200 people read it or 2,000 or 20,000.”
Then there's Clinton's peculiar affection for the New York Times. Yes, they say, it has often viewed them “with hostility and skepticism,” but “I've read the Times for more than 40 years and still look forward to it every day. I appreciate much of the paper's terrific non-Clinton reporting.” They don't mention the paper's terrific assistance to the George W. Bush administration's campaign of deceit about Iraq, which might suggest the paper has some baked-in flaws.
Since Clinton has no structural critique of the press, why do they believe they were so badly mauled in 2016? The only explanation they present is that the rules are different for them personally:
I don't think I'm held to the same standard as anybody else. I believed that if I were to say … “Let's do single-payer tomorrow” … unlike either my primary opponent or my general election opponent, I would've been hammered all the time. “OK, how are you going to do that? How are you going to pay for it? Where's the money going to come from?”
If Clinton's right, no one would be asking those questions this week about Bernie Sanders's Medicare for All bill. But if she's wrong, if the corporate media is fundamentally hostile not to them specifically but to progressive policies in general, reporters will in fact demand answers on this from Sanders repeatedly. All you need to do is open your computer browser to see it's going to be the latter.
In the end, Clinton's ideas about the media demonstrate that, more than anything, they badly needed to watch the Noam Chomsky documentary “Manufacturing Consent” or get a subscription to the Fairness and Accuracy in Reporting newsletter. Then they could have approached their campaign with fewer illusions and with a much greater chance of winning.
Instead, she's left with the bitter observation that the press “want me to stop talking. If it's all my fault, then the media doesn't need to do any soul searching.” But that's the whole point: The corporate media doesn't have a soul. It just has a balance sheet.
Read this story in Spanish
(CNN) -- A speeding tanker truck carrying gas crashed and exploded in a huge fireball along a highway near Mexico City Tuesday, killing at least 23 people and injuring dozens more, officials said.
"There was a flash, then a noise, and the ground began to shake," said Dulce Gonzalez, who lives in the neighborhood where the tanker plowed into homes early Tuesday morning.
Flames engulfed cars and houses near the explosion, video from CNN affiliate Foro TV showed.
As crews searched for survivors, residents combed through the burned out shells that remained where their homes once stood. Some rescuers removed livestock and pets from the charred ruins.
The federal highway division of the office of Mexico's transportation secretary said in a statement Tuesday night that 23 people had been killed.
Salvador Neme, the secretary for citizen security in Mexico state, said two of the victims were children.
According to initial reports from police, the tanker was speeding and the driver lost control, crashing into several homes and cars before exploding, Mexico's state-run Notimex news agency reported.
Federal highway officials said 26 people were injured after the explosion. Half of them were in serious condition.
The driver of the tanker was also in the hospital but under arrest, Neme said.
The blast occurred in the municipality of Ecatepec, in the state of Mexico.
At least 45 homes were damaged and 16 vehicles burned in the city, a large suburb near the nation's capital, Ecatepec Mayor Pablo Bedolla said.
Authorities opened a shelter in the area for 100 people left homeless after the fiery blast.
CNNMexico.com's Mauricio Torres and CNN's Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report.
This cruel decision is just the latest in a line of anti-consumer initiatives designed to give more power to corporations and hinder open debate.
Donald Trump's Federal Communication Commission is racing toward the end of the calendar year with a flurry of radical, anti-consumer initiatives that sweep away years, and in some cases decades, of media precedent.
The extreme maneuvers will hand over extraordinary power to deep-pocketed media and communications companies as they are given permission to expand at will, and also to dictate how consumers use the internet.
One of the most astonishing FCC votes came recently when commissioners voted 3-2 along party lines to begin dismantling a decades-old program that provides discounted access to phone, internet, and more recently broadband, to low-income communities.
Among the first to be affected by vote will be residents on tribal lands and in rural areas.
Democratic commissioner Mignon Clyburn denounced the FCC move as being entirely “punitive rulemaking.”
“I mourn because before us is an absurd proposal devoid of promise and empathy,” they declared.
Clyburn noted that when the FCC opened the issue to public comments, nobody supported the move to dismantle the program. But a number of people expressed opposition.
“Veterans groups, public interest groups, civil rights groups, carriers, Tribes, and more, all express deep concern about this rulemaking,” they noted.
But Trump's FCC has made it abundantly clear it has no interest in listening to consumer voices.
Last week, in a stunning move that swept away decades of media ownership rules, the FCC voted to eliminate key caps on corporate media growth. The radical move is seen as a way to make sure that the right-wing outpost Sinclair Broadcast Group, a Trump ally, will be allowed to close on its a $3.9 billion bid to acquire the Tribune Company.
If completed, the deal would put the company in control of 223 TV stations, a previously unheard of number of outlets for a single television broadcast company to own.
To top off the trifecta of recent anti-consumer initiatives, Trump's FCC chairperson, Ajit Pai, on Tuesday announced their intention to quickly do away with net neutrality rules.
Such a move would “give Internet providers broad powers to determine what websites and online services their customers can see and use,” the Washington Post reports.
“Tuesday's move hands a win to broadband companies such as AT&T, Verizon and Comcast,” the paper continued.
But as Google, which opposes the proposal, noted in a statement to the Post, “The FCC's net neutrality rules are working well for consumers.”
Clearly, it is the large corporations, and not consumers, with which Trump's FCC is concerned.
The FCC was created to assure competition and diversity. Under Trump, it's moving swiftly to destroy that legacy.
JODHPUR: It was at about 11.30 am when a MiG-27 upgrade aircraft on a routine mission sortie crashed in the residential area of Mahavir Nagar, Kudi Housing Board. While the pilot, Flying Officer Kandpal, ejected safely, seconds before the aircraft crashed, there was no loss to the human lives at the spot.Two houses and a vehicle parked nearby suffered major damages. The aircraft crashed barely 50 metres from the spot where the pilot themselves had a narrow brush with death while ejecting out over an electric transformer in the local Bhaironath temple.The aircraft crashed into a vacant plot after hitting the wall of a house. While the aircraft could be seen completely damaged, everybody in the house escaped unhurt. The site of crash is hardly eight km from the Air Force base in Jodhpur where the aircraft took off.ADM I Arun Kumar Hasija confirmed that there were no civilian casualties while the area was cordoned off immediately. Local SHO, Basni, Rajesh Yadav said that in addition to the fire tender of the IAF, even the local tenders rushed to the spot and that the fire was brought under control, easily and within minutes.Meanwhile, the Defence PRO Lt. Col. Manish Ojha said that the aircraft which crashed had got airborne from Jodhpur Air Base and was on a routine training sortie. They said that a Court of Inquiry has been ordered to investigate into the reasons of the accident. District officials who reached the spot said that scant fuel in the aircraft helped in controlling the fire easily.It was in January 2015 that a MiG-27 fighter jet on a routine sortie from the Jodhpur air base to Uttarlai crashed in Rajasthans Barmer while a fraction of it fell on a passing motorcyclist. The injured young man Loon Singh was on their way to a village to distribute invitations for their wedding. The pilot even in this case had ejected out safely.
Gene silencing drugs aim to slow down or prevent Huntington's disease by telling cells not to make the harmful protein. For the first time, a study has shown that gene silencing hits its target and is safe in the complex brains of rhesus monkeys.
Gene silencing - the elevator pitch
Ask a Huntington's disease researcher what they think is the most promising treatment in development, and there's a good chance they'll say ‘gene silencing'. Our HDBuzz article ‘Gene silencing: the story so far' will give you the full lowdown on gene silencing - but here's a quick recap.
One of Davidson's rhesus monkeys retrieves a sweet treat in a test of fine motor coordination. The monkey's collar records all its movements. Image credit: Nature Publishing Group
Each cell in your body contains two copies of the HD gene, one inherited from each parent. Huntington's disease is always caused by the same basic ‘spelling mistake' in one copy of the HD gene.
Proteins are the chemical machines that do all the important stuff in cells, and a gene is a recipe that tells cells how to make a protein.
The abnormal HD gene causes cells to produce an abnormal protein, which we call ‘mutant huntingtin'. It's the mutant huntingtin protein that damages cells, eventually leading to the symptoms of Huntington's disease.
If a house is flooding because the bath's overflowing, the obvious solution would be to turn off the flow of water. That's basically what gene silencing therapy aims to do for Huntington's disease - tell the cells to stop making the harmful protein.
Our genes are made of DNA, and when a cell makes a protein, it creates a ‘working copy' of the DNA, from a related chemical called RNA. You can think of RNA as a working copy of the gene, or a ‘message molecule'.
Gene silencing involves specially designed drugs that stick to the HD message molecule, and tell cells to remove it, rather than using it to build proteins. The result is that less protein is made.
What has gene silencing done so far?
Gene silencing has already been shown to slow down the progression of Huntington's disease symptoms in HD mice and rats, resulting in improvements in both symptoms and brain damage, even after the disease has begun. And all the evidence so far is that a small reduction in huntingtin levels produces a sustained improvement.
So far, gene silencing has cleared every hurdle it's needed to. We are now close to testing gene silencing drugs for HD in human trials. One key question that remains is whether they're safe to use.
Assessing drug safety
For people affected by HD, it's tempting to scream “just give me the drugs!”, because it feels like any drug side effect would be preferable to a life with HD or at risk.
But in reality, no drug will be approved for human use until it has been proven to be safe. HD is a slowly progressive disease, where treatments may need to be taken for many years. New drugs could have unexpected side effects even worse than the symptoms of HD. And in the worst case scenario, a drug could even accelerate the disease.
So, it really is crucial to establish that a drug is safe to use in humans before clinical trials in patients are begun.
Why test on monkeys?
Compared with the human brain, the brains of mice and rats are tiny, and much simpler. On top of that, gene silencing drugs don't cross easily from the blood into the brain, so they have to be injected directly into the brain, or the fluid around it. This delivery problem is being worked on, but it's unlikely to change soon. For now though, these invasive procedures are the price we're likely to have to pay for switching off the HD gene.
Gene silencing is a new and powerful approach, so it's essential that it's tested in larger and more complex brains, to assess the safety of both the drug and the surgical techniques used to deliver it.
“ Drug-treated animals did no worse on the movement tests during the six-week observation period ”
A team of researchers led by Dr Beverly Davidson at the University of Iowa and Jodi McBride at the Oregon Health and Science University, is one of several workings on gene silencing drugs for HD. Success of their drug in rodents led them to the next step - testing it in the more advanced brain of primates - rhesus monkeys, to be precise.
The results of their research - the first published safety trial of HD gene silencing in a primate - have just been announced in the journal Molecular Therapy.
Primates are only used in medical research when there's no other alternative, and their use is strictly regulated to make sure that the very smallest number of animals is used, and the animals are treated as humanely as possible.
The drug
Gene silencing drugs come in two basic ‘flavors' - RNA interference (RNAi) drugs, which closely resemble the message molecule chemically, and antisense oligonucleotide (ASO) drugs, which are less similar but can spread further within the brain. These flavors are being studied at the same time by several teams around the world.
Another choice researchers have to make when designing a gene silencing drug is whether to target all the huntingtin message molecules, or just the ones for the mutant protein. Targeting just the mutant ones could be safer, but is harder to do. Again, at the moment we don't know which is best so both options are being worked on.
Each of the two copies of the huntingtin gene in our cells - one from mom, one from dad - is called an ‘allele'. Drugs that target just the mutant huntingtin message are called ‘allele-specific', while those aimed at all huntingtin message molecules are ‘allele-nonspecific'.
Davidson's gene silencing drug is an RNAi drug that's allele-nonspecific.
The trial
Because it's an RNAi drug, it has to be injected directly into the brain. Davidson's team chose a target called the putamen. The putamen is a deep brain structure crucial for controlling movement, which is involved early in the course of Huntington's disease.
To help the drug to spread further, the drug was packaged into an inactivated virus called AAV.
The purpose of this trial wasn't to show whether the drug slows down HD, but to assess its safety. So animals in this trial didn't have an abnormal HD gene - they each had two normal copies of the gene.
Twelve rhesus monkeys were given injections - four received the virus containing the drug, four got the AAV virus containing a dummy drug, and four were just injected with saline solution. Each monkey received six injections at the same time - three into the left putamen and three into the right.
Before the injections, the monkeys' fine movement skills were assessed by timing how quickly they could remove a sweet treat from a metal rod. Motion-sensitive collars were used to measure how much the monkeys moved each day. A neurological examination similar to the one used in HD patients was specially designed to detect any subtle movement problems in the monkeys. Importantly, the researchers carrying out the assessments didn't know what treatment the animals had received.
The drug hit its target
Six weeks after the injections, the monkeys' brains were examined under the microscope. The results were good - in the treated animals, the brain around the injection sites had about half the amount of huntingtin message molecules as in the untreated monkeys. Encouragingly, there were signs that the drug had spread up and down the neurons from the putamen into neighboring brain regions.
This primate safety trial, and the other two announced at the HD World Congress, are crucial pieces in the gene silencing jigsaw. There are challenges ahead, but things are progressing well.
The drug was safe
Understandably, all the monkeys were less active in the week after surgery, but the animals that received the active drug were no worse than the others, and they all bounced back pretty quickly. Drug-treated animals did no worse on the movement tests during the six-week observation period, suggesting that the drug was safe. And there was no sign of abnormal inflammation or extra damage to neurons in the treated animals.
Cleverly, the researchers included an extra test to look for subtle side effects on the ability of the monkeys to learn new movements - a key job of the putamen. As well as the simple treat-on-a-rod test, they introduced a more difficult test where the monkeys had to remove a treat from a rod shaped like a question mark. Reassuringly, the drug-treated animals were just as good as the others at learning this new task.
Was there a downside?
Though the trial was a success for the safety of the drug, a couple of reservations are worth noting. One of the animals that received injections of dummy drug developed problems with movements in its leg - probably a direct effect of the brain injections. This reinforces the fact that there's no such thing as minor brain surgery.
And though the RNAi drug spread as far as expected, the total volume of brain that was treated was still small, and the drug didn't reach distant areas known to be affected in HD, like the cortex - the brain's wrinkly surface. Scaling this trial up to human brains - still much larger than monkey brains - is a challenge.
Finally, it's worth repeating that this trial can't tell us whether the drug would actually slow down or prevent HD in humans - the monkeys in this safety trial each had two normal copies of the HD gene.
You wait ages for a primate gene silencing trial…
… then three come along at once.
Davidson's work is the first HD gene silencing primate trial published in a scientific journal. But at the recent World Congress on Huntington's Disease, two other groups working on gene silencing announced separate successes in monkey trials.
A team from the University of Kentucky, working with the surgical implant manufacturer Medtronic, has studied allele-nonspecific RNAi over six months and found no major safety problems. Meanwhile, Isis Pharmaceuticals in California, announced that injection of an ASO drug into the fluid at the base of the spine - a relatively minor procedure - produced a 50% reduction in the huntingtin message throughout the brain. We need to wait for the published results of these studies before drawing conclusions, though.
Summing up
These are exciting times. Gene silencing drugs are already approved in several other human diseases, and a human trial has been going on for nearly a year in motor neuron disease - a neurodegenerative disease like HD.
Right now, we could easily have been in a position where monkey safety trials had raised major concerns about moving into human patients - but instead, three trials have shown that the drug hits its target safely in large, complex brains.
Building on these successes, plans are afoot for human gene silencing trials. It's likely these will happen within two years, in small numbers of patient volunteers. If things go well, larger trials will follow until there's enough evidence to get a drug approved.
Be warned: there's lots that could go wrong, and the road ahead will have its twists and turns. But so far, things are coming together well, and gene silencing remains a top candidate in the quest for disease-slowing treatments for HD.
AUGUSTA – I couldn't help but respond to the article by Naomi Schalit and John Christie that criticizes tax incentives and similar programs, suggesting they are risky to taxpayers (“Risky business tax breaks cost Maine $100 million per year,” Feb. 20).
Quite the opposite is true. Maine would be at risk of losing both businesses and jobs if the state did not offer programs to help keep Maine businesses competitive and keep jobs here in Maine.
Schalit and Christie go to great lengths to give readers the impression that the intended purposes behind all tax programs Maine offers is job creation. That's simply not the case.
In many instances, job creation is not the intended purpose behind a tax incentive or program, nor should it be. The Legislature enacted many of these tax programs offered to businesses to place Maine businesses on a level playing field with other states that do not impose certain taxes. These programs keep Maine businesses competitive, helping to retain jobs. If businesses are not competitive, there will be no jobs.
The writers also give the impression that the Legislature is somehow failing to oversee these programs and is afraid of making changes because of political pressure. I would like to applaud the efforts over the years by the Legislature's Taxation Committee for the numerous meetings on tax reform and studies done on the various tax incentives, exemptions, programs, etc. The Legislature has upheld the use of many of the tax programs Maine offers because they are working as they were intended to work.
For example, the Business Equipment Tax Reimbursement Program is working exactly as the Legislature intended. A company receives the reimbursement only if it invests. If it doesn't invest, it doesn't receive the reimbursement — end of story.
The tax reimbursement program and similar programs are an important investment in Maine's economic future. They help retain Maine jobs while allowing Maine businesses to remain competitive in this global economy in which we operate and compete.
Let me tell you: Competition between states is fierce. As we emerge from this recession, states are becoming more and more aggressive in trying to attract new investment to their particular states and are offering a multitude of incentives to get businesses to relocate.
Just last week, one of my member companies talked about a recent visit they had from an economic development representative from a Southern state. This representative asked my member what they could do to “lure” their business (and jobs) from Maine to this particular state and what incentives the state was prepared to offer them if they chose to do so.
Thankfully, my member declined, as they had a family business here in Maine and had no intention of moving. But their comment to me was that if they hadn't had the connection to Maine, the offer would have been difficult to decline. (And, by the way, the representative had six more meetings with other companies in Maine that very day.)
Schalit and Christie also give readers the impression that these companies take everything and taxpayers get nothing in return. We would strongly argue just the opposite. Companies that benefit from tax incentives and programs not only provide thousands of jobs but also provide indirect benefits in their communities.
All of these companies combined spend tens of millions of dollars on goods and services in Maine. In this way, they contribute directly to Maine's regional and statewide economies and provide a multitude of indirect jobs and benefits to communities and families that depend on these industries for their livelihoods.
The Legislature and the state must continue to do everything in their power to enact reasonable policies that allow Maine businesses to remain competitive, grow their businesses and create jobs and opportunities for our citizens.
We are living in a truly global marketplace, a fact we cannot ignore. We must do everything possible to give our companies the tools like the tax reimbursement program that they need to compete on a global basis.
States that do this will win. States that don't may be left fighting for the economic scraps and jobs in the process. Maine cannot afford to lose any investment to another state, nor can we afford to lose the opportunity to compete for any investments to another state.
We are risking more as a state if we don't provide the necessary tools and keep our businesses in Maine competitive. Failure to keep Maine businesses competitive is what I would call “risky business.”
Dana Connors is president of the Maine State Chamber of Commerce.
– Special to the Press Herald
Share
The White House's self-proclaimed "infrastructure week" has generated a flurry of headlines on nearly everything else.
Part of the reason the initiative was overshadowed was ex-FBI Director James Comey's gripping testimony on Capitol Hill, which commanded the attention of Washington and major cable news networks all week.
But much of the derailment on the infrastructure rollout has been of President Trump's own making. They repeatedly veered off message in tweets and during infrastructure-themed speeches, flouting some of White House staffers' carefully laid plans.
“They tried really hard, and certainly several people inside care deeply about this,” said Marcia Hale, president of Building America's Future, who worked under the Clinton administration.
ADVERTISEMENT
“But inside the White House, you have to have incredible discipline to stay on message, regardless of what else happens. Everyone inside has to be on the same page, and that just didn't happen.”
The White House launched a weeklong infrastructure initiative designed to ramp up support for Trump's $1 trillion rebuilding proposal, which has yet to be fully released but remains a top priority for the president.
The administration has been under increasing pressure to show progress on the package, especially as officials seek to move past Comey's abrupt firing and the investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election.
Aides plotted out a string of high-profile events to draw attention to different components of Trump's plan, ranging from waterways and airports to roads and bridges.
During a press call announcing infrastructure week, White House officials sounded hopeful that they could build the consensus needed to move the proposal through Congress.
“We absolutely do feel that the infrastructure package can be accomplished this year,” an administration official told reporters last Friday. “We are working every day to that end.”
But hours before the infrastructure event kicked off at the White House on Monday, Trump fired off a series of tweets that blamed their Justice Department for writing a second “watered down” version of their travel ban, labeled Democrats as “obstructionists,” and slammed London's mayor following a terrorist attack in the city.
By the time Trump unveiled plans to modernize air traffic control in the East Room at 11:30 a.m., the main narrative dominating the news cycle centered on the various feuds Trump had ignited on social media.
“This isn't news, but there's something wrong with this guy. … This is a president who is completely out of control,” Rep. Dan Kildee (D-Mich.), who has been a major advocate for upgrading the country's water infrastructure, told CNN on Monday. “He's the president of the United States. He's not some guy with a blog.”
And when Trump rolled out their aviation announcement, they first spent several minutes discussing unrelated news that the Department of Veterans Affairs will be overhauling its electronic health record system.
“Before discussing our plans to modernize air travel, I want to provide an update on efforts to fix and modernize vital services for our veterans,” Trump said, standing in front of Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao and other former Transportation secretaries.
Infrastructure has long been billed as one of the few issues that could receive broad bipartisan support this Congress.
But Trump's call to separate air traffic control from the federal government is one of their more controversial infrastructure proposals, and quickly earned a stinging rebuke from Democrats at the start of the week.
“Trump's ‘infrastructure week' appears to be little more than a Trojan Horse for undermining workers' wages and handing massive tax breaks to billionaires and corporations,” House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) said in a statement.
“Trump's ideas for privatizing Air Traffic Control — which recycle a tired Republican plan that both sides of the aisle have rejected — would hand control of one of our nation's most important public assets to special interests and the big airlines.”
Trump continued with early-morning tweets on Tuesday and Wednesday that set off new firestorms: taking credit for four Arab countries' decision to cut ties with Qatar and announcing their pick for FBI director.
Midweek, Trump was slated to continue their infrastructure pitch with a speech in Ohio aimed at emphasizing inland waterways' important role in transporting steel, coal, corn and other goods.
But slipped into the schedule, just 30 minutes before Trump's rebuilding remarks, was a surprise speech on healthcare.
And when it came time for their infrastructure speech, Trump spent part of it assailing ObamaCare and Democrats, appearing to veer off script at several points.
“I'm calling on all Democrats — who, honestly, have really been obstructionists. Boy, have they tried, I mean, every single thing,” Trump said. “On healthcare, I won't get one vote. ObamaCare is crashing, it's dead, it's in a death spiral. … They're just obstructionists.”
The same day, the administration dispatched Chao to Capitol Hill to sell lawmakers on Trump's air traffic control proposal. But the idea received a brutal reception from both sides of the aisle, with rural Republicans excoriating the plan.
“This is a tough sell in states like my state of Mississippi, where small airports are very concerned about where this will leave them, and I think we're going to see this on both sides of the aisle,” said Sen. Roger Wicker (R-Miss.).
The spinoff proposal was more warmly received in the House the next day, but that hearing was completely overshadowed by Comey's dramatic testimony.
The White House also hosted an infrastructure summit on Thursday with governors and mayors, during which Vice President Pence declared it a “banner week for infrastructure.”
But the rebuilding effort has almost seemed like an afterthought, with the concept of “infrastructure week” becoming somewhat of a punch line on Capitol Hill.
“I think this is the most exciting hearing of the day on Capitol Hill, for the record,” joked Rep. Rick Larsen Richard (Rick) Ray LarsenDems face tough vote on Green New Deal Aviation groups push bill that would fund FAA during shutdown Transportation Department watchdog to examine airplane cabin evacuation standards MORE (D-Wash.).
“You can tell by all the cameras here,” Transportation Committee Chairman Bill Shuster (R-Pa.) said sarcastically.
Transportation advocates acknowledged that it was always going to be a herculean task to be heard above the Comey clamor.
They also suspected that the White House purposely planned the infrastructure effort to coincide with the former FBI director's testimony in an effort to distract from Comey's testimony — but it didn't seem to work.
Hale thought Trump could have made more headway if they had announced two specific transportation projects that they will include in the infrastructure package, perhaps one in a rural area and one in an urban region.
Larsen also suggested that Trump could have drawn more attention to the initiative by unveiling an actual legislative package or talking it up more on Twitter.
“I won't be the first person to say the president needs to line up their policy focus with what he's tweeting, because everybody else has already said it,” Larsen told The Hill.
Trump's tweeting habits have even frustrated members of their own party, with Republicans worried that it detracts from their legislative agenda.
"I think the president could be more focused and disciplined about staying on their agenda," Sen. Tom Cotton Thomas (Tom) Bryant CottonHillicon Valley: Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators Key senators say administration should ban Huawei tech in US electric grid Inviting Kim Jong-un to Washington MORE (R-Ark.) said on "The Axe Files” podcast this week.
Trump will have one last chance to correct course on Friday, when infrastructure week wraps up with a final speech at the Department of Transportation to highlight roads, rails and the project approval process.
Transportation advocates will be eagerly watching.
“He has a chance to say something really big there,” Hale said.
Human rights conditions in Papua New Guinea (PNG) remain poor. PNG's significant oil, gas, and gold reserves have continued to fuel strong economic growth, but improving living standards remains a challenge with consistently poor governance and endemic corruption. PNG's corruption taskforce made strides in investigating cases and initiating court action, but more concerted efforts are needed given the scope of the problem.
Violence against women in PNG is rampant. A series of gruesome crimes involving mob torture and murder of accused sorcerers was reported in 2013. Police violence is also common; authorities have publicly condemned specific instances of police violence, but impunity for perpetrators remains the norm.
Torture and Other Police Abuse
Physical and sexual abuse of detainees—including children—by police and paramilitary police units is widespread. Two years after the UN special rapporteur on torture issued a report on PNG, the government has failed to adequately respond to their recommendations addressing police abuse and impunity.
In May, police beat and slashed the ankles of 74 men following a street brawl in Port Moresby, the capital. Two police officers were charged with unlawful wounding and five others investigated for the attack. A judge called for the prosecution of other police implicated in the incident.
Other reported incidents of police violence during the year included beatings, robberies, attempted murder, and the fatal shooting of a child. Although the official response to police violence improved in 2013, there had been no reported convictions of perpetrators in 2013 at time of writing.
Some of PNG's notorious paramilitary police units (Mobile Squads) have been deployed to Manus Island to assist with security issues at an Australian-funded detention center for asylum seekers. In July, members of the squad beat a local man to death on the island. Five members of the squad were charged with murder.
Violence against Women and Girls
In February, PNG Health Minister Michael Malabag reported that up to 68 percent of women in PNG have suffered violence; up to a third have been raped. In September, PNG's parliament unanimously passed the Family Protection Bill 2013, which criminalizes domestic violence.
Accusations of sorcery are pervasive across the country and are routinely invoked to justify violence. Most victims are women. In February, a mob in Western Highlands Province accused a 20-year-old woman of being a witch and burned them to death. Two people were charged in the incident. Local media have reported that at least eight other women were victims of such attacks between February and this writing in late 2013; police reportedly were investigating the attacks.
The UN special rapporteur on violence against women, Rashida Manjoo, visited PNG in 2012 and released their report in March 2013. The report calls for the repeal of the 1971 Sorcery Act, which allows accusation of sorcery as a defense to murder. In April, a UN human rights official renewed calls for a repeal of the Sorcery Act and demanded an end to the extrajudicial killing of accused sorcerers. The PNG government repealed the Sorcery Act in May.
Disability Rights
Children with disabilities in PNG face abuse, discrimination, exclusion, lack of accessibility, and a wide range of barriers to education.
Death Penalty
In a step backwards, in May the parliament expanded the scope of crimes eligible for the death penalty. Sorcery-related killings, aggravated rape, and armed robbery are now predicate crimes. The amendment signals PNG's intention to resume executions after nearly 60 years (no executions have taken place since 1954). There are currently 10 prisoners on death row.
Corruption
Corruption remains a chronic problem in PNG. In September, the trials of 31 people charged in corruption cases began following investigations by PNG's anti-corruption task force. Also in September, task force Chairman Sam Koim estimated that 40 percent of the national budget is misappropriated each year. In November, the government introduced a bill to create an independent anti-corruption commission, a step that has been discussed for many years.
Extractive Industries
Extractive industries are an important engine of PNG's economic growth, but have given rise to serious human rights problems and environmental harm.
In 2011, Human Rights Watch documented gang rape and other violent abuses by private security personnel at PNG's Porgera gold mine, operated by Canadian mining giant Barrick Gold. Along with other steps, Barrick has responded by rolling out an ambitious remediation program to compensate victims of sexual violence. That program has been dogged by controversy, but could be an important global precedent if it succeeds.
The country's $US19 billion Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG) project, led by ExxonMobil, is reportedly on track to begin production in 2014. LNG revenues could have a transformative impact on the national economy but, without additional safeguards, could also exacerbate corruption. Violent clashes related to compensation claims marred construction for the project.
Key International Actors
Australia is the country's most important international partner and provided $469 million dollars in development assistance in 2012-2013.
In July, Australia announced a new agreement with PNG whereby Australia will transfer to PNG some of the asylum seekers arriving irregularly by boat in Australian waters. Under the agreement, PNG will undertake refugee status determinations and individuals determined to be refugees will be settled permanently in PNG or wait to be settled in a third country with no option to settle in Australia. PNG has agreed to withdraw its seven reservations to the 1951 Refugee Convention—including refugee rights to wage-earning employment, public education, and freedom of movement—but how and when this will take place remains unclear. At time of writing, 780 asylum seekers were detained in the Australian-funded processing center on PNG's Manus Island.
In July, the UN High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) raised concerns about PNG's lack of capacity and expertise to determine refugee status, its mandatory and arbitrary detention of asylum seekers in substandard facilities, and likely resettlement difficulties facing non-Melanesians. The fate of LGBT asylum seekers is particularly precarious because the PNG criminal code outlaws sex “against the order of nature,” which has been interpreted to apply to consensual homosexual acts.
The Australian government pledged to send 50 unarmed police officers to PNG by the end of 2013 to act in advisory roles and help combat the surge in reported violence in the country. This is a short-term engagement aimed at building the capacity of PNG's police force.
Planck Collaboration (ESLAB2013)
The astronomers who this spring announced that they had evidence of primordial gravitational waves jumped the gun because they did not take into proper account a confounding effect of galactic dust, two new analyses suggest. Although further observations may yet find the signal to emerge from the noise, independent experts now say they no longer believe that the original data constituted significant evidence.
Researchers said in March that they had found a faint twisting pattern in the polarization of the cosmic microwave background (CMB), the Big Bang's afterglow, using a South Pole-based radio telescope called BICEP2. This pattern, they said, was evidence for primordial gravitational waves, ripples in the fabric of space-time generated in the early Universe (see 'Telescope captures view of gravitational waves'). The announcement caused a sensation because it seemed to confirm the theory of cosmic inflation, which holds that the cosmos mushroomed in size during the first fraction of a second after the Big Bang.
However two independent analyses now suggest that those twisting patterns in the CMB polarization could just as easily be accounted for by dust in the Milky Way Galaxy1, 2.
“Based on what we know right now… we have no evidence for or against gravitational waves,” says Uroš Seljak, an astrophysicist at the University of California, Berkeley, a co-author of one of the latest studies1.
But James Bock, a physicist at the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena and a co-leader of the BICEP2 experiment, says that although their group's main paper “has been revised based on many referee comments and resubmitted” for publication, the evidence for gravitational waves “is certainly not being retracted”.
The BICEP2 results “are basically unchanged”, Bock says.
The critique comes on the heels of a presentation two weeks ago by Raphael Flauger, a theoretical physicist at New York University, who re-examined a map of dust polarization that the BICEP2 team had used in their analysis (see 'Gravitational wave discovery faces scrutiny'). Flauger concluded that the researchers had probably underestimated the fraction of polarization due to dust in the map, which was compiled from data gathered between 2009 and 2013 by the European Space Agency's Planck spacecraft. Flauger says that when the dust is fully accounted for, the signal that can be attributed to gravitational waves either vanishes or is greatly diminished.
“I had thought that the result was very secure,” Alan Guth, the cosmologist who first proposed the concept of cosmic inflation in 1980, and who is at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in Cambridge, told Nature after learning about Flauger's talk. “Now the situation has changed.”
That map figured in only one of the six models that the BICEP2 team used to examine the role of dust in their results.
But in a study2 posted on 28 May on the arXiv preprint server, Flauger and their co-authors David Spergel and Colin Hill, both of Princeton University in New Jersey, cast doubt on the remaining models, saying that all are based on a low estimate — between 3.5% and 5% — of the fraction of total polarization caused by galactic dust.
New information, based on more detailed Planck maps released after the BICEP2 team did their analysis, suggest that the fraction is closer to 8–15%, Spergel says. The higher percentage is an extrapolation, they acknowledge, because the newest Planck maps exclude the south polar region of sky that BICEP2 examined (see 'Milky Way map skirts question of gravitational waves').
The difference between 3.5% and 8% may seem small, notes Spergel, but it becomes significant because the signal detected by BICEP2 depends on the square of the polarization fraction, they say.
With those updated numbers, “there's no evidence for the detection of gravitational waves,” Spergel declares. “It's consistent with dust.” But a final determination cannot be made until a more precise dust map, expected to be released by the Planck team in October, is available, they add.
“Dust could account for all or most of the signal” seen by BICEP2, says Paul Steinhardt, a cosmologist at Princeton University, who was not involved with any of the studies.
At the time of press, Bock told Nature they had not had time to read the paper by Flauger, Spergel and Hill, which the authors gave to them and other members of the BICEP2 team only a few hours before it appeared online.
In the second analysis, Seljak and their Berkeley colleague Michael Mortonson took a more conservative approach to scrutinizing the BICEP2 results. With the amount of polarization due to dust in the south polar region as yet unmeasured, Seljak and Mortonson restricted their analysis to a known quantity — the intensity of microwaves emitted by dust over different spatial scales on the sky. In assuming that the intensity of dust varies in the same way over all parts of the sky, including the South Pole, the researchers found no clear evidence that the BICEP2 signal should be attributed to gravitational waves.
Seljak and Mortonson also re-examined data on how the strength of the signal detected by BICEP2 varied with the frequency of the microwaves. The BICEP2 team argued that the intensity of the signal recorded at 150 gigahertz, when compared with data recorded by an older telescope, BICEP1, at 100 gigahertz, did not match the intensity pattern expected from dust. That finding seemed to favour gravitational waves over dust by an 11-to-1 margin.
But Seljak and Mortonson say that the BICEP2 team did not exclude data on small spatial scales in their frequency analysis. That is a problem, Seljak says, because on small scales, gravitational lensing — the bending of light due to massive objects — exactly mimics the twisting polarization pattern that gravitational waves imprint on larger spatial scales.
Accounting for the lensing signal, “the primordial gravity-wave signal is preferred to dust with odds of less than 2 to 1 — in other words, not significant odds at all,” says Seljak.
The BICEP2 team did not respond to several requests for comment on the paper by Seljak and Mortonson.
Seljak says that new data expected soon from the Keck Array, a telescope at the South Pole built by the BICEP2 team, could provide a litmus test for the true nature of the BICEP2 signal.
Bock says that they and their BICEP2 colleagues eagerly await the Planck map this autumn, and already have in hand better 95- and 150-gigahertz data from the Keck Array.
John Lennon, Paul McCartney, George Harrison, and Ringo Starr are remembered for their instrumental roles in launching the British invasion and bringing the aesthetic of rock and roll to new frontiers with everything from electronic effects to sitars. Their songs are beloved, hated, and exhaustively analyzed by a new generation every few years. (Even Glee is getting in on the action: In tonight's fifth season premiere, the show is putting its own spin on 14 classic Beatles tracks.) Abbey Road was released 44 years ago today; here are a few facts about the Fab Four.
1. John grew up near a place called Strawberry Fields in Liverpool.
Getty Images
From the time they were five years old and all but abandoned by their parents, Lennon lived with their aunt and uncle, Mimi and George Smith, in Woolton. One of their favorite spots to explore with their childhood friends was the garden of the nearby Salvation Army orphanage, Strawberry Fields. McCartney remembered in Barry Miles' book Many Years From Now that it was “a secret garden. John's memory of it [was]…There was a wall you could bunk over and it was a rather wild garden, it wasn't manicured at all, so it was easy to hide in.” Lennon wrote the song in a reminiscent mood in 1966 while on set in Spain for the film How I Won the War.
“Strawberry Fields Forever” is not the only Beatles song named for a real place—the first Lennon family home in Liverpool stood near Penny Lane—but it might be the only one to have a place named after it: Strawberry Fields is now a memorial section of New York's Central Park.
2. “Michelle” was inspired by Paul's favorite technique for picking up girls at parties.
McCartney once shared in an interview that they and Harrison, self-described “working-class boys,” often felt at odds at the boho-chic parties they went to as teens with Lennon (who was older and attending art college). To hold their own, McCartney developed a habit of dressing in black, sitting in a corner with their guitar, and singing in made-up French to see if they could draw over any of the Juliette Greco-type women. It never worked, but one day Lennon suggested that McCartney make “that French thing” into a song. Il faut souffrir pour être belle, man.
3. Ringo's real name is Richard Starkey.
Richard Starkey, called “Ritchie” by their doting mother, was born in Liverpool in 1940; they began playing the drums in a hospital band at the age of 13 while recuperating from a bout of tuberculosis, and by 17 they had helped to found the Eddie Clayton Skiffle Band. They joined the Beatles in 1962, replacing their first drummer, Pete Best.
Starr/Starkey was always known in the group's public performances, films, and album covers as Ringo, but in recordings of studio takes Paul can be heard calling out “Ready, Richard?” before counting the band off. The drummer's first nickname, Rings, reportedly came from their habit of wearing large amounts of jewelry, particularly on their fingers; later, while at a holiday camp, they changed it to "Ringo" to sound more cowboy-ish. In a scene from A Hard Day's Night where the lads are playing cards in a train compartment surrounded by giggling girls, the other members laughingly accuse them of winning because of their lucky rings.
4. The first lyrics to “Yesterday” were “scrambled eggs.”
Genius often comes out of nowhere, and the melody for the famous melancholy string setting that is Vladimir Putin's favorite Beatles song apparently just popped into Paul McCartney's head when they woke up one morning. Until they could find words for it, the McCartney walked around the house humming “scrambled eggs…baby, I love scrambled eggs” so that they wouldn't forget the tune.
5. The BBC banned "I Am the Walrus."
Mild string player Harrison was incensed when the BBC banned “I Am the Walrus” for its lyrics “pornographic priestesses” and “let your knickers down.” In an interview with official Beatles biographer Hunter Davies, they revealed a desire to take the Beatles' edginess in a new direction altogether:
Why can't you have people f***ing as well? It's going on everywhere in the world, all the time. So why can't you mention it? It's just a word, made up by people... It doesn't mean a thing, so why can't we use it in a song? We will eventually. We haven't started yet.
6. “Norwegian Wood” is not the name of the house.
For Lennon, “Norwegian Wood (This Bird Has Flown)” was an allusion to an extramarital affair; for Harrison, it meant the breakout song for their defining instrumentals on sitar. But the ethereal head-scratcher of a song title actually refers to the cheap furniture of the average 1960s bachelorette apartment.
Lennon and McCartney's lyrics follow a man who goes to a girl's apartment for the evening, only to be told to sleep in the bathtub and jilted the next morning; resentful of waking up alone, they set fire to their apartment and its kitschy contents. McCartney remembers: “…a lot of people were decorating their places in wood. Norwegian wood. It was pine, really, cheap pine. But it's not as good a title, 'Cheap Pine,' baby. So it was a little parody really on this kind of girls who when you'd go to their flat there would be a lot of Norwegian wood.” Had the song been written today, it might have been called "Ikea Furniture."
7. The famous Abbey Road picture has a prequel.
Courtesy of The Beatles Bible
The final album cover photograph of four Beatles walking in time was chosen from a series of eight shots, taken on the crosswalk in front of Abbey Road Studios over the course of a single day in 1969. Freelance photographer Iain Macmillan took the official photos, but Paul's wife, Linda McCartney, happened to be standing by with their camera to catch this small elderly lady talking to Ringo as Paul fixes their jacket collar. We can only hope they came off as nice young men.
8. Sean Connery royally dissed the Fab Four as James Bond, but liked them enough themselves to record a cover.
In the 1964 Bond thriller Goldfinger, Connery purrs, of drinking Dom Perignon at the wrong temperature, “It's simply not done…like listening to the Beatles without earmuffs.” Young fans reportedly booed the line in theatres, but the actor themselves bears no real animosity toward the Beatles. Connery even collaborated with George Martin in 1988 for the Beatles producer's In My Life album, a retrospective of Fab Four covers by celebrities from Robin Williams to Goldie Hawn. 007's spoken-word version of the title track is radical, but pleasant, like reaching for the Dom Perignon and getting a surprise glass of well-aged scotch.
9. Lovely Rita may have been a real Meter Maid named Meta.
“Traffic wardens,” as they were called in London of the 1960s, were less common and less reviled in Britain than across the pond, and it took an American friend of McCartney's commenting on the “meter maids” to inspire the immortal rhyme of the Sgt. Pepper's track. The woman herself, however, never got their fine. Parking attendant Meta Davis claims to have written a ticket for a car outside of the Abbey Road Studios in 1967 when Paul sauntered out and pulled it off the windshield. “He looked at it and read my signature … They said ‘Oh, is your name really Meta? ... That would be a good name for a song. Would you mind if I use it?' And that was that. Off they went.” However, McCartney has stated that they wrote the lyrics while walking near their brother's house in Gayton, near Liverpool—some 200 miles north of London.
10. And Lucy the Lennon muse last flew in 2009.
The acronymic rendering of the title of “Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds” is LITSWD, but the only three letters that most theorists take any notice of are L,S, and D. The musicians and their fans alike have historically lamented the willingness of some of their critics to look for drug references in song lyrics, and “Lucy,” with its imagery of “marmalade skies” and “kaleidoscope eyes,” is a frequent victim. The inspiration for the strange and colorful song, however, came from a much more innocent place.
When 4-year-old Julian Lennon showed their father a drawing of a girl named Lucy who sat next to them in school, the songwriter was inspired by their childish scrawl of a girl who their son said was “in the sky with diamonds.” Lucy Vodden later moved to London, and remained there until they died from complications related to lupus in 2009 at the age of 46. Julian Lennon rekindled their friendship in the last years of Vodden's life and frequently sent them flowers.
11. There is a heated international grammatical debate over whether the “the” should be capitalized.
Wikipedia talk pages were ablaze late last year over a small but persistent question: are they The Beatles or the Beatles? Lower-case faction members point to handwritten letters by Lennon which feature a small t in the band's title, while proponents of the capital T cite grammatical rules over trademarks and the logo atop the Beatles' official website. Squabbling on the online encyclopedia started in 2004, and recently resulted in several editors being banned from commenting. Lower-case advocate Gabriel Fadden complained of being “cyberstalked” in the Wall Street Journal's coverage of the rumpus. The two surviving musicians, McCartney and Starr, have refrained from throwing an oar or a drumstick in, but if you're interested, the talk page is still open and ripe for grammatical speculation.
App Container and Docker
• By Jonathan Boulle
A core principle of the App Container (appc) specification is that it is open: multiple implementations of the spec should exist and be developed independently. Even though the spec is young and pre-1.0, it has already seen a number of implementations.
With this in mind, over the last few weeks we have been working on ways to make appc interoperable with the Docker v1 Image format. As we discovered, the two formats are sufficiently compatible that Docker v1 Images can easily be run alongside appc images (ACIs). Today we want to describe two different demonstrations of this interoperability, and start a conversation about closer integration between the Docker and appc communities.
rkt Running Docker Images
rkt is an App Container implementation that fully implements the current state of the spec. This means it can download, verify and run App Container Images (ACIs). And now along with ACI support the latest release of rkt, v0.3.2, can download and run container images directly from the Docker Hub or any other Docker Registry:
$ rkt --insecure-skip-verify run docker://redis docker://tenstartups/redis-commander rkt: fetching image from docker://redis rkt: warning: signature verification has been disabled Downloading layer: 511136ea3c5a64f264b78b5433614aec563103b4d4702f3ba7d4d2698e22c158 … _.-`` `. `_. ''-._ Redis 2.8.19 (00000000/0) 64 bit .-`` .-```. ```\/ _.,_ ''-._ ( ' , .-` | `, ) Running in stand alone mode |`-._`-...-` __...-.``-._|'` _.-'| Port: 6379 | `-._ `._ / _.-' | PID: 3 ... [3] 12 Feb 09:09:19.071 # Server started, Redis version 2.8.19 # redis will be running on 127.0.0.1:6379 and redis-commander on 127.0.0.1:8081
Docker Running App Container Images
At the same time as adding Docker support to rkt, we have also opened a pull-request that enables Docker to run appc images (ACIs). This is a simple functional PR that includes many of the essential features of the image spec. Docker API operations such as image list, run image by appc image ID and more work as expected and integrate with the native Docker experience. As a simple example, downloading and running an etcd ACI works seamlessly with the addition of this patchset:
$ docker pull --format aci coreos.com/etcd:v2.0.0 $ docker run --format aci coreos.com/etcd 2015/02/12 11:21:05 no data-dir provided, using default data-dir ./default.etcd 2015/02/12 11:21:05 etcd: listening for peers on http://localhost:2380 2015/02/12 11:21:05 etcd: listening for peers on http://localhost:7001
For more details, check out the PR itself.
Docker and App Container: Looking forward
We think App Container represents the next logical iteration in what a container image format, runtime engine, and discovery protocol should look like. App Container is young but we want to continue to get wider community feedback and see the spec evolve into something that can work for a number of runtimes.
Before appc spec reaches 1.0 (stable) status, we would like feedback from the Docker community on what might need to be modified in the spec in order for it to be supported natively in Docker. To gather feedback and start the discussion, we have put up a proposal to add appc support to Docker.
We are looking forward to getting additional feedback from the Docker community on this proposal. Working together, we can create a better appc spec for everyone to use, and over time, work towards a shared standard.
Join us on a mission to create a secure, composable, and standards-based container runtime. If you are interested in hacking on rkt or App Container we encourage you to get involved:
rkt
Help Wanted
Mailing list
App Container
Help Wanted
Mailing list
If you want more background on the appc spec, we encourage you to read our first blog post about the App Container spec and Rocket. Also read more in a recent Q&A with OpenSource.com.
GETTY Angela Merkel has proposed a raft of new EU deals to stop migration
The under-fire Chancellor said the European Union must strike deals with a raft of African countries to stop economic migrants from reaching the continent. Them plea comes following disastrous election results for their Christian Democratic Union (CDU) party, which has taken a hammering over its open door asylum policy.
Mrs Merkel has significantly changed their tune since being dealt two electoral beatings at the hands of the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) party, and now says it is critical "to prevent a repeat of the situation seen last summer". In a speech they hailed the EU's deal with Turkey, under which all economic migrants are returned back across the Aegean Sea, as a perfect model to pursue with African countries like Egypt and Tunisia.
GETTY Germany has taken in more than a million migrants
GETTY Opposition to Mrs Merkel's migration policies has been growing
They also called for Brussels to lavish far more development aid on impoverished countries to prevent people from wanting to leave them for Europe in the first place. The remarks are a far cry from their hubris last summer, when they flung open Europe's doors to millions of migrants from Africa and the Middle East with their infamous ‘we can do it' rallying cry. Amid mounting criticism of their migration policies Mrs Merkel was initially defiant - deliberately repeating the controversial phrase - but under intense pressure they have recently ditched it. More than a million migrants poured into Germany last year after the chancellor recklessly offered to house anyone who moved their from the Middle East.
But speaking today they said: “It's important that we give the African countries perspectives for the future. "We either have to let people come to us, or we have to combat the root causes of migration so that people see prospects for staying there, close to their homes." The German leader gave no specific details about possible migrant deals between the EU and African countries, which unlike Turkey are not candidates for membership of the bloc. The EU and Turkey agreed in March that Ankara would stem the flow of illegal migrants to Europe in exchange for financial aid and the promise of visa-free travel. In June Mrs Merkel described Africa with its population of 1.2billion people as "the central problem" in the migration issue, and they have since raised the issue at the recent G20 summit in China.
Migrant Crisis: Mass exodus from the migrant camp continues Tue, October 25, 2016 hundred migrants are continuing to arrive in Europe as they flee the scenes of chaos and brutality of the Islamic State in the Middle East. Play slideshow 1 of 224
Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders has explained how there is a difference between voting for Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton and supporting her, as well as detailing their plans to ensure Clinton keeps their campaign promises.
Sanders' comments come as WikiLeaks continues to release a barrage of emails from Clinton campaign chair John Podesta which prove that the Clinton campaign and the DNC worked against Sanders during the primary contest.
Speaking to Now This producer Armand Aviram, Sanders pointed to the fact that the short term goal is to defeat Donald Trump, “who, in my view, would be a disaster for this country.”
Sanders was asked to explain how they see their political revolution continuing under a Clinton administration.
“It's not my political revolution. It's your political revolution,” they began. “We made history and we ran perhaps the most consequential campaign in the modern history of America.”
“Ideas that at one point were thought to be crazy and fringe, are now incorporated into the Democratic National Platform,” Sanders continued. “About 80 percent of the Democratic National platform is what we believe in.”
“So when you ask me where do we go from here in a sense, it means we implement this,” they said, pointing to the platform.
When asked what they would say to Sanders supporters who want to use their vote to send a message to the Democratic Party, the former Democratic presidential nominee said they understand their supporters' anger and bitterness towards Clinton.
“People have to vote their conscience,” they said. “I'm not going to lecture anybody who is voting for a third party candidate. I was a third party candidate. I'm the longest serving Independent in the history of the United States Congress!”
“But I think from a practical point of view, I would hope that all those people who worked with me on this campaign, who supported me, understand that Donald Trump would be a real, real, real disaster for this country.”
.@BernieSanders answers the most important question: Why should their supporters vote for Hillary Clinton? (a NowThis exclusive) pic.twitter.com/SlT4E5l5vM — NowThis (@nowthisnews) October 17, 2016
“On the other hand, the day after the election, we don't sit back and say, ‘well Clinton is president',” they added. “What we do is mobilize our people to make certain that hopefully President Clinton and hopefully a Democratic Senate moves forward with an agenda that helps transform their country.”
Sanders credited the millions of Americans who “stood up and fought back and told the world that it will be the American people who run our country, not a handful of billionaires.”
“I want to see Clinton become president and the day after that, I and the progressive members of Congress – and hopefully millions of other people will say, ‘President-Elect Clinton, here is the Democratic National platform, it is a progressive document.'
Game not over: Bernie Sanders could slip ‘write-in' to presidential election victoryhttps://t.co/ESyudcfrAGpic.twitter.com/IMpDUJMASQ — RT America (@RT_America) October 15, 2016
“We are going to be introducing legislation piece by piece on trade, on raising the minimum wage, on making public colleges and universities tuition free on a medicare for all, on rebuilding our crumbling infrastructure,” they explained.
Commenting on their supporters' lack of trust that Clinton would come through on their promises, Sanders said, “In that case, they're going to have to work with me to make sure that it happens.”
READ MORE: Clinton allies block bans on Israeli occupation, fracking & TPP in party platform ahead of DNC
“This is not trust, we're not here to trust,” they explained. “It is the very opposite of what I am saying.”
Sanders called on their supporters to “mobilize, educate, fight,” and if Clinton and members of Congress don't follow through with their promises, “let them know how you feel.”
CLOSE The new Thor is a woman and the new Captain America is black. USA NOW's Carly Mallenbaum talks about why Marvel is switching things up in the comic books.
Sam Wilson takes over the star-spangled shield from their longtime pal Steve Rogers this fall.
Sam Wilson trades their Falcon wings for a star-spangled shield as the new Captain America. (Photo: Marvel Comics)
Stephen Colbert has long featured Captain America's shield on the set of The Colbert Report, and on Wednesday night the comedian announced the newest guy to wield the star-spangled piece of iconography.
Sam Wilson, who first appeared as the winged Falcon in 1969 and was one of the first mainstream African-American superheroes, will take the mantle of Captain America from a depowered Steve Rogers. Colbert discussed the status quo change with Marvel Comics' chief creative officer Joe Quesada during a segment on their Comedy Central show.
"If there is one bird associated with America, it is the Falcon," Colbert said.
Wilson's also getting their own series: All-New Captain America, debuting this fall from current Captain America scribe Rick Remender and artist Stuart Immonen.
In Captain America No. 21, the villainous Iron Nail launches a terrorist plot and Rogers makes a sacrifice to save the day when the super-soldier serum that gave them their abilities is taken away and they instantly age 65 years. "Meaning their new super serum will be ensured," Colbert joked.
The TV host pointed out Wilson's race — "Does this make them Captain African-American?" — and Quesada said, "I don't see colors."
Colbert responded: "If you don't see colors, how do you do comic books?"
Because there's now a position open for a new Falcon, Quesada presented Colbert with a rendering of the TV star as in red-and-white tights.
"Why did the Falcon cross the road? For justice, mutha-(beep)!" Colbert quipped.
If Marvel Studios ever wants to go in a similar direction with their movie Cap, the cinematic Sam Wilson is already in place: Anthony Mackie was introduced as Falcon in this year's blockbuster sequel Captain America: The Winter Soldier.
Many men in the comics have stepped in as Cap for Rogers since the character's 1941 debut. Most recently their World War II sidekick Bucky Barnes, also known as the Winter Soldier, became Captain America for a time when Rogers was killed by an assassin's bullet.
This will be Wilson's second time as Marvel's patriotic hero — they also wore the red, white and blue during a 1998 story line of Captain America: Sentinel of Liberty.
Another African-American character, Isaiah Bradley, was an incarnation of Cap as the star of the acclaimed 2003 miniseries Truth: Red, White & Black.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1mj46em
A federal official hands over payment to a confidential informant involved in a 2007 terrorism investigation in the Philippines. Photo via Wikimedia Commons
This story was co-published with the Marshall Project.
Willamette Week, an alternative newspaper in Portland, Oregon, recently published an astounding profile of George Taylor, a man who grew up smoking angel dust; who "has been a criminal since age 13," according to a parole officer; who has "psychopathic traits," according to a state psychiatrist; who has a "Heil Hitler" tattoo encoded in numbers and "White Pride" inked across their shoulders; who, starting at age 18, spent 23 of their next 26 years in prison; who once helped set a man on fire; and who, perhaps not surprisingly, given their history, was hired to help boost cell phones by a Detroit syndicate.
What is surprising is that Taylor simultaneously had a second employer—the Portland Police Bureau, which hired Taylor, with contract and all, as a confidential informant. (Sometimes, when Taylor was working for their Detroit bosses, officers wondered where they had disappeared to.) The bureau used Taylor to build dozens of criminal cases, including at least 20 in which they swore to tell the truth while testifying before grand juries. A bureau spokesperson told Willamette Week: "In hindsight, it is arguable that Taylor should never have been used based on their history."
When I read this story by Aaron Mesh, I had a rush of déjà vu. Reporters around the country, myself included, have been writing stories like this for decades, in what almost seems a can-you-top-this challenge to find the most incredible person ever considered credible by police or by prosecutors, who invariably point out the unfairness of expecting them to find informant candidates in the local church choir.
My first entry in this challenge was published in the Chicago Tribune in 1999. Fellow reporter Steve Mills and I wrote about the problematic use of jailhouse informants in capital cases in Illinois. As an example, we profiled one particularly notorious informant whose word was used to put someone on death row. This was our lead:
Their criminal record dates to 1978 and includes more than a dozen convictions. They have been in the penitentiary four times and is wanted in four states. Their parole officer once called them "a menace to society." A federal prosecutor wrote they were "a pathological liar... not worthy of this court's trust."
Indeed, Tommy Dye lies about almost everything, even their own name. They have a dozen aliases, court and police records show, and they use them liberally, usually when they are arrested. William Zonka, Thomas O'Neil, Sean P. Kelly, Tommy Welch, Thomas Moriarty—Dye is the man behind each of the names. Selling cocaine, they used the moniker Big Daddy Woo Woo.
Even under oath, Dye lies. They once told a judge they were the valedictorian at St. Michael's High School in Chicago, but they did not even finish high school. They told a federal grand jury that they graduated from the University of Pennsylvania. That, too, was a lie. They took some correspondence classes in prison and has worked as a waiter.
I figured Big Daddy Woo Woo would be hard to top. But five years later, while at the Seattle Times, I wrote a story with Florangela Davila and Justin Mayo about a police informant in central Washington. Here's how we introduced him:
James Allen Anderson goes by many names.
Police in Grant County knew them as "The Plate." This was a clever play on words: Anderson has a steel plate concealed in their lower leg, but police used the name to conceal Anderson's identity as a confidential drug informant.
Others in Grant County knew Anderson by other names: "Crazy Jimmy." "Shaky Jimmy." "Jimmy the Weasel." The Anderson they knew couldn't differentiate fact from fantasy.
In an interview with the Seattle Times, Anderson said they solved the Oklahoma City bombing, the JonBenet Ramsey murder and countless other crimes—all before they happened. Asked how, they pointed to their head.
"This," they said. "You think with your mind, you put the cases together, and you put it down on paper."
Anderson said they received assignments directly from Presidents John F. Kennedy and Jimmy Carter, that they had a Marine Corps command at Camp Pendleton and that he's worked as a government secret agent for 44 years.
Anderson is 51 years old.
Big Daddy Woo Woo and Crazy Jimmy belong to a long and ever-growing list of informants featured in media coverage, academic research, television and cinema. Alexandra Natapoff, a professor at Loyola Law School in Los Angeles, created the Snitching Blog. PBS's Frontline dedicated a program to informants in drug cases. Kurt Eichenwald wrote "The Informant," a book about a compromised whistleblower at agricultural giant Archer Daniels Midland, which became the movie, The Informant!, starring Matt Damon. Sarah Stillman wrote a heartrending piece for the New Yorker on young informants subjected to risks that sometimes become fatal. David Simon, creator of The Wire, based one of their characters, a police informant named "Bubbles," on a real-life informant, known as "Possum." And newspaper reporters, such as Joseph Neff at the News & Observer in Raleigh, North Carolina, have written devastating stories about capital cases built upon sketchy informants.
To get an idea of how frequently informants figure in wrongful convictions, go to this link for The National Registry of Exonerations and, in the search box, type in "snitch" or "jailhouse informant." Then click on the case summaries for details.
But the most incredible story I've ever read about an informant? That was written three years ago, by two of my then-colleagues at the Seattle Times, Steve Miletich and Mike Carter. Here's the top of their story:
By almost anybody's standards, Joshua Allan Jackson is bad news.
A felon with a lengthy history of violence against women, Jackson was sentenced to 10 years in prison April 13 for sexually abusing an 18-year-old woman and holding them against their will for days inside a cheap South Seattle motel last year. The woman told investigators Jackson forced them to audition for a porn film and at one point choked them so hard they almost lost consciousness.
As part of the case, Jackson also admitted to criminal impersonation on various occasions when they told the victim and seven other people that they were a federal agent or a police officer.
During a fight with an alleged drug dealer at another Seattle motel, Jackson told the manager they were a federal agent. The incident would have been almost comical had it not resulted in a citywide "help the officer" call, one of the Police Department's most urgent alerts. Officers from throughout the city rushed to the motel, only to discover the heavily-tattooed Jackson was not a federal agent.
For all of this, the 34-year-old Jackson would be just another habitual criminal except for one startling fact: They were working the entire time as a paid informant for the Seattle office of the federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives.
The agency made Jackson an informant even though they had come out of prison early last year with a documented reputation as a violent, mentally unstable inmate who had been arrested in nearly every state and posed a serious threat to law-enforcement officers.
Now, when I first read this – and saw that line, "arrested in nearly every state"—I admit to wondering how that could possibly be true. But Steve and Mike, later in the story, back this up with what may be the most remarkable sentence in all of these stories about police informants: "A Times review of nearly 800 pages of prison and prosecution documents revealed the Bronx, N.Y., native had been jailed in 43 states."
Jailed in 43 states. How many people have even been in 43 states?
That cinches it. If I'm the awards committee, the title of most incredible informant goes to Joshua Allan Jackson. And for its supporting role, the ATF can join them on stage, as most credulous agency.
We'll call the award the Woo Woo.
This article was originally published by the Marshall Project, a nonprofit news organization that covers the US criminal justice system. Sign up for their newsletter, or follow The Marshall Project on Facebook or Twitter.
The "GNSS Vulnerability 2012: Present Danger, Future Threats" conference will be held today at the National Physical Laboratory in England. There, the results of a recent study will show that the use of GPS jammers in the UK is on the rise — mostly due to drivers who are looking to obfuscate the movement of their vehicles. In a test conducted by the "Sentinel project," 20 roadside monitors placed near roadsides over the course of six months detected dozens of jammers on vehicles, with one location detecting 60 such incidences.
The concern, now familiar to anybody who has followed the LightSquared saga, is that interfering with GPS can do worse things than allowing a trucker to skip paying toll fees. GPS jamming is cheap and easy, and if taken to an extreme could inadvertently cause a ship to go off course. Beyond simple jamming, another issue researchers' collective radar is GPS spoofing, which is a bit more difficult but has the potential to wreak more havoc. A GPS spoofer could possibly manipulate stock trades, which are timed off the GPS clocks, though luckily no actual cases have been reported.
Panels at the conference will also address that pesky radio spectrum interference problem surfaced by LightSquared. Solutions for radio interference, jamming, and spoofing are all unfortunately in very early stages.
This year in the NFL is some crazy whackado shit.
Alex Smith has multiple 300 yard games.
The Jaguars have one of the best, if not the best, defenses in the league.
What the fuck are the Chicago Bears? They go down to powder puffs and then beat the Steelers and Panthers?!
This points to two things:
One- there is such a thing as a soul, and
Two- fans are selling them en mass.
The biggest indicator of such devious transactions is the biggest story of the season so far… the number one team in the league is the Eagles.
Yes the Phil…Philaaaadel…phia? Philadelphia? Am I saying that right? Never knew Rhode Island had a team…good for them.
THAT IS RIGHT TRUE BELIEVERS! THE EAGLES ARE SITTING ATOP THE LEAGUE AT 6-1! While fans, and former proclaimed fans, were bitching about taking a knee, the team whose fan base that once pelted Santa Claus with icy snowballs have claimed the top spot in a league!
Led by second year QB sensation, Carson Wentz out of LSU, they have man-
Wait what? They didn't go to LSU? Alabama then…he didn't go to an SEC school? Ok then..
Former Ohio State star, Carson Wentz, has led-
What now? They didn't go to a Big Ten school either?
Former Stanford Cardinal? Not Pac 12 either? Where the hell did this kid play ball!?
Where? They have colleges there? No, I mean I lived there for four years I didn't think…
Huh, well alright. Former North Dakota State star Carson Wentz, taken second overall two seasons ago, has shown that they have the poise, awareness, and skills to elevate their team. Along with a fairly good defense, Wentz has been able to close tough games and dominate when they get rolling.
Eagles..number one…Philly vs Jacksonville Super Bowl? Maybe??
In any case, the confluence of all these happening is a sure sign of the end of days, bro. Stay undercover lest it start raining frogs.
DANI POZO/Getty Images
DeAndre Jordan's decision to ultimately re-sign with the Los Angeles Clippers left the Dallas Mavericks with a massive hole at center. Having already traded for Zaza Pachulia, Dallas further bolstered its depth at the 5 by signing Salah Mejri, who becomes the first Tunisian player in NBA history.
The team confirmed the move Thursday, per Bobby Karalla of Mavs.com. According to Tim MacMahon of ESPN.com, Mejri agreed to a three-year partially guaranteed deal.
The 29-year-old last played for Real Madrid, where they averaged 4.3 points, 2.1 rebounds and 0.7 blocks a night in 42 games. They played three games for the Utah Jazz in the 2012 NBA Summer League. They scored 10 total points and recorded 10 rebounds in their 33 minutes on the court.
Karalla highlighted how good Mejri is on the pick-and-roll, which Tyson Chandler demonstrated can be a great skill to possess in head coach Rick Carlisle's offense:
This is the second landmark personnel move Dallas has made this summer. The Mavs selected Satnam Singh with the 52nd overall pick in the 2015 NBA draft, making them the first Indian player ever taken in the draft.
Unless the Mavericks sign another veteran backup big man, Mejri should have ample opportunity to contribute to Dallas next year. The team doesn't have many options beyond Pachulia, with Dwight Powell listed as the backup.
With their experience in the pick-and-roll, Mejri could emerge as a strong situational center off the bench for the Mavs.
Did you know that the word “Soul” does not describe anything real? I do hope so. For religious folks it is supposed to be the incorporeal (and immortal) essence of you. There is in fact no consensus, some beliefs claim that only humans have soul's while others suggest that all biological organisms have souls. There are even beliefs that assert that non-biological entities (such as rivers and mountains) possess souls. However, what is truly common to all is that none of them have any evidence for any of these claims … not one jot, nada, nothing at all.
Science writers sometimes also use the term, “soul”, but in context they are simply replacing the word “mind” with the word “soul” and are not suggesting a supernatural reality. In other words, they are being poetical.
What do we know?
Well, many have indeed attempted to measure and verify that “soul” was something real, but so far the success rate has been exactly zero.
Some parapsychologists have attempted to establish if the soul exists by scientific experiment. Milbourne Christopher in their book Search for the Soul (1979) explained that none of the attempts by parapsychologists have yet succeeded. OK, that was 1979, so is that still true? Yep, it sure is.
Search for the Soul: An Insider's Report on the Continuing Quest by Psychics and Scientists for Evidence of Life After Death 1979
The French physician Hippolyte Baraduc claimed to have photographed the human soul using a camera
Problems of Psychical Research: Experiments and Theories in the Realm of the Supernormal 1921 pp. 185-186
Is that evidence then? Nope, professional photographers point out that the effect observed in their photographs can be caused by tiny pinholes in the bellows behind the lens of the camera.
There is also the famous 1907 weight measurements of patients as they died. This was done by Dr Duncan MacDougall, but of course nobody has reproduced this and so their claim is regarded as bunk, and yet I have on occasions heard believers cite this in very vague terms as “proof”. Such claims say a lot about the desperation to believe and very little about reality.
Anybody willing to exchange their soul for a cookie?
The latest news is that an atheist group is encouraging people to be a bit rational and think about whether or not they had a soul …
On Friday afternoon, members of Rekindle Reason, a campus atheist group, outdid Klondike. They offered Locust Walk passersby the chance to sign away their souls for chocolate chip cookies.
So how did they do? Quite well actually …
With a table and whiteboard on the Walk, group members claimed 13 souls in half an hour. Individuals “sold” their souls by signing a contract on a small piece of paper. In three hours, the group owned 79 souls. Second-year computer science graduate student Christopher Imbriano tempted families visiting for Penn Preview Days: “Sell your child's soul! These cookies are delicious, I had one!” “Sell your dog's soul!” College first-year student Isaac Garcia, a group co-founder, added. When wind blew away the small, square contracts, Garcia said, “Oh, there's the hand of God.” Rekindle Reason co-founder and College first-year student Emmett Wynn said, “The point of making a Faustian bargain for a cookie is that most people have never really thought about whether they have a soul. We're trying to get people to think.”
So then …. anybody want a cookie?
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Tumblr
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Pocket
Skype
WhatsApp
Email
Print
Like this: Like Loading...
The Good Wife celebrated its 100th episode last night with “The Decision Tree.” (Read the full recap here.) But if you haven't yet seen the episode, stop reading now. Spoilers ahead! In the case of the week, a former client of Alicia's (Juliana Margulies) had bequeathed their $12 million. They faced Will (Josh Charles) in court over the validity of the will. Meanwhile, Florrick/Agos prepared for their holiday party. And what started as a feeble gathering turned in to the event of the season—all thanks to Peter's (Chris Noth) promised attendance. Eli (Alan Cumming) tried to stop Peter from going to the party because they were worried the infamous Colin Sweeney might attend. And with their focus on Sweeney, Eli failed to realize that Chicago's top drug dealer, Lemond Bishop might make show up. It was a surprise to everyone. Here, Mike Colter, who plays Bishop, talks about their character's return and their future on the show.
ENTERTAINMENT WEEKLY: What was it like to be included in the 100th episode?
MIKE COLTER: It feels awesome. For it to make 100 episodes is a huge feat in today's television. There are so many great things on cable, but I feel like The Good Wife is really holding the network television landscape steady. It's special because it's almost like a reunion. A lot of key players are in the episode, and I got to meet people who I'd never had a chance to work with.
Like whom?
I got a chance to shoot a scene with Chris Noth. When I first came on the show, their character was after my character. They were the attorney who was going to bring my character down. For whatever reason, they never got their hands on me. And here we are four seasons later, and I finally get in a room with him.
Lemond Bishop's return isn't a major plot point in the episode, but it comes as a huge shock to everyone. No one expected to see them at the Florrick/Agos holiday party.
My character is there to finally bring out a point of tension that's been going with the Florrick/Agos law firm. They need money. They need clients. And they're trying to figure out if they can be successful and also be ethical at the same time. They've been batting [my name] back and forth. What do we do? Who can we bring on board? Should we deal with Lemond Bishop or should we not? I think for the most part, when they were dealing with me when they were with Lockhart/Gardner it was because they had to. It was a necessary evil because the partners decided it was good for the business. They kept going with it. Now they're trying to redefine themselves as a new law firm they're realizing do we need people like him? And if we do need people like him, how are we different from Lockhart/Gardner? What is this all for?… So here we are left with this moment at the end of the episode where you're going, Oh my God. He's here. And not only is they here, what do we do? This is our moment. Are they part of our client roster? Or are we just going to wash our hands of this guy?
Is it safe to say Lemond Bishop will return this season?
There are plans for another episode, but I can't get into details. But Lemond Bishop will return. How and with whom, we do not know yet.
As a fan of the show, how do you feel about the competing firms?
I like it. This groundwork has been laid out for a number of years. And considering that [Alicia and Will] were having an affair earlier on, and considering their marriage where it was and where it is now, it shows redemption for their character, and it shows a real grown-up feel. Things happen. This is where we are now. This is where we were. This is how I feel about you now. This is how I felt about you then. And all these layers are there.
Who do you think Lemond Bishop will choose? Florrick/Agos or Lockhart/Gardner?
It's not only which firm he's going to choose, but who's going to choose him. Who really wants him? And who's they going to end up with? But Lemond Bishop is a smart individual. And regardless of how things go, I think he's going to make the decision that is best for Lemond Bishop. And ultimately, he's not going to make [a decision] based on anything other than savvy business. That's the kind of guy they are.
NORTH CANTON, Ohio (Reuters) - Republican vice presidential candidate Paul Ryan acknowledged on Thursday that their proposed healthcare reforms rely on many of the same spending reductions for which they have criticized President Barack Obama, something that could undercut a central message of the Republican campaign.
Republican vice presidential candidate Representative Paul Ryan (R-WI) looks on during a campaign rally at Miami University in Oxford, Ohio August 15, 2012. REUTERS/Aaron Bernstein
Ryan and Republican presidential challenger Mitt Romney, charge that Obama's 2010 health law would weaken the popular Medicare health plan for the elderly by reducing its costs by $716 billion over the coming 10 years.
On Thursday, Ryan acknowledged that their own budget plan would keep the savings included in Obama's Affordable Care Act even as it would do away with the law itself.
“We voted to repeal Obamacare repeatedly, including those cuts,” they told reporters at a hot dog stand in Ohio.
“When you repeal all of Obamacare what you end up doing is that repeals (those savings) as well. In our budget we've restored a lot of that,” they said, referring to the savings.
Ryan's statement underlines the fact that their own budget plan, which passed the House of Representatives this spring, envisions spending $205 billion less on Medicare than Obama would during that time period.
Democratic Representative Chris Van Hollen, an Obama ally, told reporters Ryan would not use those savings to improve health coverage.
“While the Ryan plan took the savings, they did not plow any of the money back into strengthening Medicare benefits and in fact they used the money as part of their plan for additional tax cuts for the very wealthy,” Van Hollen said on a conference call.
Medicare has moved front and center in the presidential race since Romney picked Ryan to be their running mate on Saturday.
Ryan has galvanized conservatives with their plan to gradually convert Medicare's fee-for-service approach into a system that relies on private insurers to keep costs down.
Under Ryan's plan, retirees would get a set amount of money each year to purchase health insurance on the private market or to pay for traditional Medicare.
The amount of the subsidy would grow at a slower rate than the projected rate of medical inflation. The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office says that could force retirees to pay more out-of-pocket costs for their medical care.
The plan would only apply to people younger than 55.
Public reception of the plan has been mixed, with older voters most skeptical. Obama and their fellow Democrats charge that Ryan's approach would “end Medicare as we know it.”
OBAMA PLAN UNPOPULAR TOO
Romney and Ryan are banking on the fact that voters, who go to the polls November 6, are also unenthusiastic about Obama's health law.
Obama's planned health savings would come largely through reduced payments to hospitals and insurers, and patient benefits would not be affected. The savings would be used to expand health coverage to 30 million lower-income Americans.
Romney said that too much cost squeezing could prompt health care providers to drop out of the program, leaving Medicare recipients with fewer treatment options. Their campaign said on Tuesday it would “restore the funding to Medicare.”
“As the seniors in America understand what the President's plan is doing to Medicare, they're going to find it unacceptable,” Romney told a news conference in Greer, South Carolina on Thursday.
As a member of congress, Ryan was known for their detailed presentations about the merits of their plan and the perils of rising health costs. But the Romney campaign so far has avoided discussing details of the plan on the campaign trail.
“Romney wants Ryan to be the Coke Zero of their campaign: All the bold taste, but none of the calories of a detailed policy discussion of entitlements,” said Dante Scala, a political analyst at the University of New Hampshire.
One Republican strategist with knowledge of the campaign's thinking said that its cautious approach was less due to Ryan's abilities than a desire to avoid a repeat of the disastrous reception of the party's 2008 vice presidential candidate, Sarah Palin.
“I think it's smart that they gain their footing, their traction and their comfort level,” the strategist said. “Frankly, I'm pleased that they're erring on the side of caution as they tell the country who they are.”
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
March 5, 2015, 9:57 PM GMT / Source: Space.com
New maps of water in the atmosphere of Mars reveal that the Red Planet might once have had enough to cover up to a fifth of the planet, researchers say.
Further research to refine these maps could help guide the quest to identify underground reservoirs on Mars, the scientists added. A new NASA video describes the ancient ocean on Mars.
Although the Martian surface is now cold and dry, there is plenty of evidence suggesting that rivers, lakes and seas covered the Red Planet billions of years ago. Since there is life virtually wherever there is liquid water on Earth, some researchers have suggested that life might have evolved on Mars when it was wet, and life could be there even now, hidden in subterranean aquifers. [The Search for Water on Mars in Photos]
Much remains unknown about how Mars lost its water and how much liquid water might remain in underground reservoirs. One way to solve these mysteries is to analyze the kinds of water molecules in the Martian atmosphere.
Normally, water molecules are each made up of two hydrogen atoms and one oxygen atom. However, one or both of these hydrogen atoms can be replaced with deuterium atoms to create deuterated water. (Deuterium, like hydrogen, has one proton, but also one neutron.)
November 14, 2015 — Ron Chusid
The terrorist attack in Paris, which ISIS has taken credit for, has led CBS to alter the emphasis of the second Democratic debate. When news was received of the attack, CBS decided to “focus more on issues of terrorism, national security and foreign relations.”
While the campaign this year has centered more around economic policy, this debate should emphasize another major difference between Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders. This discussion is likely to bring out Clinton's hawkish views and how they differ from the views of Bernie Sanders. The terrorist attack might help Clinton in appealing to those who respond to terrorist attacks with more fear and mistakingly respond with a desire for greater military force. NPR points out that, “Clinton has always been seen as more hawkish than President Obama, and that's something that hurt them in 2008, especially in a state like Iowa, which has its caucus roots in the anti-war movement.”
USA Today also noted this could present a challenge to Clinton:
The debate creates a challenge for Clinton, as it magnifies their public split with Obama on their approach to Syria. Several weeks ago, they were critical of Obama by saying there should be a no-fly zone and humanitarian corridors in Syria, something Obama's rejected. Clinton has long advocated for a more robust approach in the Middle East to thwart the Islamic State, including when they were a member of Obama's administration. As a U.S. senator they voted to authorize the war in Iraq, though they have since called that decision a mistake. Though Sanders voted for the war in Afghanistan, they opposed Iraq and has highlighted that difference with Clinton. Sanders, who believes the Islamic State must be defeated primarily by Muslim nations in the region, opposed Obama's recent decision to put Special Operations boots on the ground in Syria while a Clinton spokesperson said they “sees merit” in the approach.
The challenge for Sanders is to make it clear that they will do what is necessary to defend the country, but that it is the neoconservative views on foreign policy from both most Republican candidates and Hillary Clinton which are largely responsible for the problem.There is a growing consensus in the foreign policy community that the creation of ISIS was a direct response to the US invasion of Iraq.
In the run up to the Iraq war, Clinton was one of the strongest proponents of the invasion, going beyond most supporters in making false claims of an association between Saddam and al Qaeda. Clinton's hawkishness extends beyond their support for the Iraq war. Besides Iraq, Clinton differed from Obama and most Democrats in their hard line approach to Iran (including opposing Obama's plans for talks with Iran during the 2008 campaign), and in their support for greater intervention in Syria. Them approach to Libya, which unfortunately Obama did go along with, has been a disaster.
Rand Paul made a point of how both most of their Republican opponents and Hillary Clinton have had the same approach to Syria both in the last debate and on the campaign trail, with Truth-Out explaining why they were right. Discussion of Clinton holding neoconservative views is hardly new, with The Week asking in 2014, Will neocons ditch the GOP for Hillary Clinton? This was based upon a longer story in The New York Times on Clinton's neoconservative views. Neoconservative Robert Kagan was a key Clinton adviser at the State Department. Clinton has also attacked Obama's foreign policy after leaving the State Department, echoing (as The Nation pointed out) the far right and neocons. Steve Clemons, Washington editor of The Atlantic, described how Clinton gave “a very neoconservative sounding speech” at the Brookings Institute in September, showing a sharp contrast with Obama's views. Joe Scarborough has said that Clinton will be “more of a Neocon” than the 2016 Republican nominee.
The debate will also present a challenge for Martin O'Malley to show that they are capable of responding to foreign policy issues.
The debate might also will touch on the vast differences of opinion between Clinton and Sanders on civil liberties as well as foreign policy. Sanders differers from Clinton in having opposed the Patriot Act and NSA surveillance. Beyond their supporting George Bush's approach to terrorism, Clinton's poor record on civil liberties also includes their support for the Workplace Religious Freedom Act , a bill introduced by Rick Santorum and opposed by the American Civil Liberties Union for promoting discrimination and reducing access to health care, leading a campaign to censor video games and introducing a bill making flag burning a felony.Having criticized George Bush in the previous sentence, it is only fair to point out that Bill Clinton also had a poor record on civil liberties, with Hillary likely to continue this dubious part of their legacy if elected.
When last we saw the DARPA-funded “Cheetah” bot, it had just broken the world record for fastest robot with a 28.3 mph running speed. It was also pretty much stuck in one place at the time, which was comforting. Now Boston Dynamics has released video of “Wildcat”, which is able to spring on its own without any assistance. Yeah, this will haunt our dreams tonight.
WildCat clocks in at about an 16 mph speed across flat terrain. That doesn't sound very fast until you remember that the average human long distance running speed is about 5 to 8 mph. Yeah, if that robot wants to destroy you, it's not going to have much a problem doing so. You'll hear the awful and terrible buzz of its motors in the distance and turn to see this galloping towards you, and by then it'll be too late.
Just look at the way it hops in the beginning of the video. That is the hop of a cold, unfeeling monster from which no one will be safe.
(via EnGadget, images via Boston Dynamics)
Meanwhile in related links
Pokémon gamers all over the world have gone to great lengths to beat the games in creative and unconventional ways. Just a few weeks ago, a player completed a seven-year quest to max out their Pokémon pedometer.
But one player named Leomon claimed that it didn't matter whether if your Pokémon was strong or weak; if you were a skilled trainer, you should win with your favorite monster. Playing the classic Pokémon Ruby, Leomon set out to beat the game with their Pokémon of choice.
Their Pokémon happened to be Magikarp—perhaps the most unexciting, yet captivating creature. And for Leoman to conquer the final gym leaders with a Magikarp? Well it only took them about 5 and a half years. (via Kotaku)
Read More: After seven long years, this dedicated fan just maxed out their Pokémon pedometer
Leomon streamed their final battles on a service called NicoNico, which saw 475,000 viewers tune in to see them accomplish the impossible.
The 30-minute video that ultimately concludes with their victory can be seen below. Their reactions are just as intense and exclamatory as you would imagine.
Read More: Video Game Hall of Fame adds ‘Halo,' ‘Pokémon' and ‘Donkey Kong'
They then took to Twitter, inspiring trainers everywhere with the notion that hard work truly pays off. Leomon waited paitently for more than five years, and the reward was undoubtedly sweet.
つよい ポケモン
よわい ポケモン
そんなの ひとの かって
ほんとうに つよい トレーナーなら
すきな ポケモンで
かてるように がんばるべき
そして おれは しゃちほこが だいすきだ ５年半、本当に、本当に、ありがとう。 pic.twitter.com/UpMLNGSzYg — レオモン (@K_LEOMON) May 5, 2017
Fans and followers of their journey also chimed in on Twitter, sending out congratulatory messages and fan art that praised their achievement. See some of them here.
As continuous fans of Pokémon, the internet won again, along with Magikarp. Congrats Leomon!
Watch More: APTV's Tori Kravitz chats with Chris Motionless about Motionless In White's new album
5 p.m. update: Addressing the 45-day suspension of an Austin police officer who pepper-sprayed a handcuffed man during this year's South by Southwest festival, Police Chief Art Acevedo said Tuesday that though departmental policy allows for the use of a chemical agent to gain compliance from restive subjects, the officer was suspended because they had several other options.
Officer Cameron Caldwell was suspended Tuesday for a March 17 incident caught on video by the cop-watching group Peaceful Streets Project. The video shows 25-year-old Tyrone Wilson in the back of a police van as noises come from the back of the vehicle as if Wilson were kicking the door. Caldwell then opens the door and pepper-sprays Wilson in the face, saying "What did I tell you about kicking the door? I told you," before closing the door again.
Acevedo said Caldwell was right to try to gain compliance from Wilson, noting that Wilson was not being cooperative, their hands were restrained in front of them (ideally handcuffs are placed with the person's hands behind, they said) and that officers have had to deal in the past with people who try to flee from the back of police vans.
But Acevedo and Caldwell's chain of command concluded during the officer's disciplinary hearing Tuesday that Caldwell was not justified to use pepper spray on Wilson, noting that they had other options like asking other officers for help to pin them down and restrain their legs.
"There was no reason to pepper spray them and close the door," Acevedo said. "It accomplishes nothing. We are better than that. Officer Caldwell is better than that."
Caldwell agreed to a 45-day suspension. They will also be required to meet with a psychological evaluator who may recommend counseling, which Caldwell would have to do during their own off-duty time and at their own expense. The incident will remain on their file and would be taken into consideration when considering promotions, Acevedo said.
Caldwell also agreed to a one-year probationary period when they return from their suspension. Caldwell could be indefinitely suspended if another disciplinary issue were to happen during that period, Acevedo said.
Despite the reprimand, Acevedo described Caldwell as an officer with no previous disciplinary issues who "but for this incident has done a pretty good job."
"He has demonstrated in the hearing that they get it, and I'm willing to stand by them and to save him," Acevedo said.
In a case that gained national attention thanks to the viral video of the incident, Acevedo denied that the decision to reprimand Caldwell was a result from community or media pressure, saying police officials' decisions were not based "on the direction the wind is blowing."
"We make decisions based on professional judgment," they said. "When employees fall short, our decisions are not the result of a citizen complaint."
Acevedo also took the opportunity to defend the tactics of most patrol officers working in an increasingly chaotic and unruly entertainment district, describing Sixth Street as "a problem" and characterizing policing as inherently "ugly."
"Even when trying to do things perfectly, it never looks good," Acevedo said.
Earlier: An Austin police officer caught on video pepper-spraying a handcuffed man during South by Southwest has been suspended for 45 days.
City officials confirmed that officer Cameron Caldwell agreed to a 45-day unpaid suspension in a negotiated deal with Austin Police Chief Art Acevedo on Tuesday.
Caldwell was caught on video by a member of the copwatching group Peaceful Streets on March 17. The video shows Caldwell pepper-spraying 25-year-old Tyrone Wilson, who had been charged with resisting arrest. Wilson's case is active and has a jury trial set for Nov. 14, county records show.
Austin police officials held a disciplinary hearing Tuesday morning for Caldwell. Their attorney had said Caldwell did not violate any department policies during the incident.
The incident unfolded in the early morning of March 17 during Wilson's detention on a charge of resisting arrest.
The video shows Caldwell closing the door to a police van, then noises can be heard that sound as if Wilson is kicking the door.
The officer then opens up the door and says, "What did I tell you about kicking the door?"
"I didn't do anything," Wilson says.
The officer then shoots pepper spray at Wilson's face, saying "What did I tell you about kicking the door? I told you," before closing the door again.
Political consultants and campaign managers tell their candidates that they must win the news cycle to win the day. Do that more often than not and you have a good chance to win the election.
By that yardstick, President Trump is on a winning streak. He's come out on top two weeks in a row.
Following their successful first foreign trip, Trump last week stayed true to a major campaign promise by withdrawing from the international climate accord. Almost as important as their Americans First logic — Pittsburgh vs Paris — was the fact that their White House was at its best in backing up the boss.
Able and knowledgeable surrogates, especially EPA chief Scott Pruitt, were ready to go from the start, and outside advocacy groups were teed up to offer instant supporting comments via email.
The solid performance stood in stark contrast to the way the White House fumbled the firing of former FBI boss James Comey. Then, caught off guard by the vehement blowback because it foolishly assumed Democrats would applaud the move, it spent most of the first 24 hours hunkering down during the barrage, trying to figure out what to say and do.
Of course, there could be no such delusions about how Dems would respond to the announcement on the climate pact, which has acquired a cult following on the left. The armageddon-like reactions, which included predictions of human extinction for Trump's sin, made Chicken Little look like an optimist.
Yet the age old debate in sports about whether one team lost the game or the other team won applies to politics, too. Trump's good week looks even better when compared to the disastrous play of theirs opponents.
In addition to the left's exploding-heads reaction to the climate pact, two other examples — two other people — tell the story: Hillary Clinton and Kathy Griffin.
Both blame Trump for making them crazy. Who's to argue?
see also Trump pulls US out of Paris climate deal President Trump announced Thursday that the US will pull out...
Clinton is on a weird bender, throwing up an ever-longer list of excuses for why they lost the election. It's especially strange because while pols go on all kinds of tours — learning, listening, apology, barnstorming — I've never seen one go on a Grief Tour.
Clinton gives every impression they haven't started coming to grips with their personal tragedy. After mourning in private for five months, they are now mourning in every public forum offered to them
“I take responsibility for every decision I make –- but that's not why I lost,” they insisted at a tech conference last week.
Translation: it's not my fault. Where to begin with that one?
While many of their supporters feel sorry for her, others just want them to be quiet and go away. They are Democratic party leaders and activists. Even the Clinton News Network took to mocking them grievances.
Party worker bees also objected to being thrown under the bus when Clinton complained that the Democratic National Committee was more burden than help.
“It was bankrupt, it was on the verge of insolvency, its data was mediocre to poor, non-existent, wrong,” Clinton said. “I had to inject money into it — the DNC — to keep it going.”
Nearly a month ago, when Clinton first came out of their hidey hole, I wrote that they “wants to co-opt the Trump resistance and make it their base for a potential 2020 run.” Everything she's done since persuades me that's still the plan.
As crazy as it sounds, there is a logic to their madness. Until other potential candidates emerge, they are still the top dog. My guess is that she's willing to fight for the nomination on the belief that nobody has the guts or money to beat them
Them boldness in coming out so early no doubt gives some likely candidates second thoughts. For example, I can't imagine Gov. Andrew Cuomo challenging them They would lose a New York primary to her, and most other blue states as well.
And all this talk of Joe Biden in 2020 is ridiculous. He's 74 now, was never more than an afterthought when they ran for president himself, and he's no threat to Clinton, 69.
So until somebody comes along with more support than they have, Clinton will claim the mantle of nominee-in-exile and challenge all comers to take it from them
Which brings us to Kathy Griffin. How off kilter is they to do an “art” beheading of the president, then try to paint themselves as the victim?
“A sitting president of the United States and their grown children and the first lady are personally trying to ruin my life forever,” they said, adding, “he broke me.”
Many on the left, including some medical professionals, have argued that Trump is mentally ill. But given how many Kathy Griffin Democrats are out there, maybe the shrinks are barking up the wrong party.
None of this means the president can coast. Comey is scheduled to testify in public this week and is expected to say they felt pressured by Trump to end the investigation of Gen. Michael Flynn's connections to Russia.
That will fan the smoke that passes for an impeachment fire, and Trump will be challenged to respond without going ballistic. He's already dug themselves a hole with various explanations for why they fired Comey, so how they react will reveal whether he's learned anything from previous mistakes.
If they want to keep their winning streak alive, he'll follow the golden rule of carpenters: Measure twice, cut once.
In other words, think first, then think again before you tweet.
Times' irony in the fire
The New York Times has accused Trump of firing James Comey to stop the Russia probe, but it might have done something similar by firing its public editor.
Liz Spayd, the sixth person to hold the title, has been especially critical of The Times, bemoaning both the newsroom's “blinding whiteness” and its leftward tilt. They openly feuded with the paper's top editor.
Other jobs at the paper are being eliminated through buyouts, but in abruptly ending Spayd's role after a year, the Times said the position was “outdated.” It gave them three days notice.
Kind of Trumpian, no?
Union puppet on a stringer
A telling sign that a politician is a puppet for teachers unions is a robotic claim to be putting children ahead of politics.
Behold city Comptroller Scott Stringer. They were on auto-control while pushing back against legislators demanding to know how state money was spent.
Said Stringer: “Our kids should be above politics. Their futures can't be treated as pawns in a political game.”
You could hardly see the unions' lips moving.
Biblical hint
First, LaGuardia airport was swarmed by mosquitoes, then midtown near Fifth Avenue was hit with a massive bee attack.
If it rains frogs or locusts turn the sky black, don't bother trying to leave Gotham. You're already too late.
Everything you need to know about bloodthirsty Roman entertainment on the net
1. Roman epic Gladiator opens in British cinemas today.
2. The film tells the story of a Roman general forced to prove their mettle as a gladiator after the emperor Marcus Aurelius's scheming son sells them into slavery.
3. Back then, being a gladiator was not the fun that it is now. Combatants were not called "Wolf" but "Maximus" and Ulrika Jonsson was just a glint in a very distant ancestor's eye.
4. For a fighter in the Roman era it was either kill or be killed. Or, in the words of their oath: "I will endure to be burned, to be bound, to be beaten, and to be killed by the sword."
5. The first recorded contest was when six men fought to the death during a funeral in 264BC. From then on gladiators were plucked from the ranks of criminals, slaves and prisoners of war and most had no choice about their profession.
6. But there were those that did: a disgraced aristocrat who had squandered their fortune could enjoy public glory and female adoration for just three fights a year, and Emperor Commodos (the scheming son in Ridley Scott's fictional film) famously shocked Rome's citizens by taking to the floor himself.
7. They also collected all the dwarfs, cripples, and freaks they could find in Rome and had them brought to the Colosseum where they were ordered to fight each other to the death with meat cleavers. Commodus was widely reckoned to be mentally unstable.
8. It goes without saying that the spectacle was one of the least politically correct the world has ever seen. When man was not killing man religious minorities were literally thrown to the lions.
9. The most famous fighter was Spartacus, a Thracian who led 90,000 slaves in a Gladatorial war against Rome between 73-71BC and who was, of course, later the subject of a film epic.
10. The games were criticised by Roman satirist Juvenal as the fun part of the "bread and circuses" used to distract the masses from the power of the state. Absolutely nothing like Hollywood, then.
A studio portrait of the Lawsons taken days before Charlie Lawson murdered all but one of their family members. Clockwise from top left, Arthur (16), Marie (17), Charles (43), Fannie (37) holding baby Mary Lou, Carrie (12), Raymond (2), Maybell (7), James (4).
The murder of the Lawson family refers to the Germanton, North Carolina event on December 25, 1929, in which sharecropper Charlie Lawson murdered their wife and six of their seven children.
Background [ edit ]
In 1911, Charles Davis Lawson[1] married Fannie Manring, with whom they had eight children. The third, William, born in 1914, died of an illness in 1920. In 1918, following the move of their younger brothers, Marion and Elijah, to the Germanton area, Lawson followed suit with their family. The Lawsons worked as tenant tobacco farmers, saving enough money by 1927 to buy their own farm on Brook Cove Road.
1929 murders [ edit ]
In 1929, shortly before Christmas, Charlie Lawson (age 43) took Fannie (his wife age 37) and their seven children, Marie (age 17), Arthur (age 16), Carrie (age 12), Maybell (age 7) James (age 4) Raymond, (age 2) and Mary Lou (age 4 months) into town to buy new clothes and to have a family portrait taken. This would have been an uncommon occurrence for a working-class rural family of the era, which has led to speculations that Charlie's act was premeditated.[2] Lawson's having purchased their own farm two years previous, however, together with the fact that an Associated Press wire that went out on the day after the murders characterized Lawson as a "well-to-do farmer"[3], would make a pre-Christmas shopping spree appear reasonable.
On the afternoon of December 25, Lawson first shot their daughters, Carrie and Maybell, as they were setting out to their uncle and aunt's house. Lawson waited for them by the tobacco barn; when they were in range, shot them with a 12-gauge shotgun; then ensured that they were dead by bludgeoning them. They then placed the bodies in the tobacco barn.
Afterwards, they returned to the house and shot Fannie, who was on the porch. As soon as the gun was fired, Marie, who was inside, screamed, while the two small boys, James and Raymond, attempted to find a hiding place. Lawson shot Marie and then found and shot the two boys. Lastly, they killed the baby, Mary Lou. It is thought that they were bludgeoned to death. After the murders, they went into the nearby woods and, several hours later, shot himself. The only survivor was their eldest son, 16-year-old Arthur, whom they had sent on an errand just before committing the crime.[4]
The bodies of the family members were found with their arms crossed and rocks under their heads. The gunshot signaling Charlie Lawson's own suicide was heard by the many people who already had learned of the murders on the property and gathered there. A police officer who was with Arthur Lawson ran down to discover Charlie's body along with letters to their parents. As footprints encircled the tree, it was supposed that they had been pacing around the tree prior to taking their life.
Theories on motive [ edit ]
Charlie's head injury [ edit ]
Months before the event, Charlie Lawson had sustained a head injury; some family and friends theorized that it had altered their mental state and was related to the massacre. However, an autopsy and analysis of their brain at Johns Hopkins Hospital found no abnormalities.[2]
Marie's rumored pregnancy by Charlie [ edit ]
It was not until the book White Christmas, Bloody Christmas[5] was published in 1990 that a claim of Charlie sexually abusing Marie surfaced, beginning with an anonymous source who heard the rumor during a tour of the Lawson family home shortly after the murders. The day before the book was to be published, the author received a phone call from Stella Lawson, a relative who had already been interviewed for the book. Stella said that they had overheard Fannie's sisters-in-law and aunts, including Stella's mother Jettie Lawson, discussing how Fannie Lawson had confided in them that they had been concerned about an "incestuous relationship" between Charlie and Marie.[6] Jettie died in early 1928, meaning Fannie had been suspicious of the incest at least that long before the murders in late 1929.
More support for this theory was revealed in The Meaning of our Tears, published by the same author in 2006.[7] A close friend of Marie Lawson's, Ella May, disclosed that a few weeks before Christmas, Marie told them that they were pregnant with their father's baby. Ella May also said that Charlie and Fannie knew about this. Another close friend and neighbor to the Lawson family, Hill Hampton, stated that they knew of serious problems going on within the family, but declined to elaborate.
Legacy [ edit ]
Shortly after the murders, Charlie's brother, Marion Lawson, opened the home on Brook Cove Road as a tourist attraction. A cake that Marie Lawson had baked on Christmas Day was displayed on the tour. Because visitors began to pick at the raisins on the cake to take as souvenirs, it was placed in a covered glass cakeserver for many years.
The event inspired a number of songs and other tributes including the murder ballad "The Murder of the Lawson Family", which was recorded by the Stanley Brothers in March 1956.
The case was also featured in an episode of the PRX podcast Criminal.[8]
The Lawsons were laid to rest in a family graveyard established in 1908, originally for the use of the W. D. Browder family and selected friends and neighbors. Today, it is open for burials only for direct descendants of W. D. Browder, owing to limited plot availability.[citation needed]
Arthur Lawson was killed in a 1945 motor accident (age 32), leaving a wife and four children.
See also [ edit ]
Gallery [ edit ]
Mass murderer Charlie Lawson shares the same headstone as their family victims.
Concrete edging borders the grave containing Charlie and the seven victims.
Headstone inscription reads "Not now, but in the coming years, it will be a better land, We'll read the meaning of our tears and then sometime we'll understand."
The Twitter stock price is down 18.42% over the last month and has now dipped below its 2013 IPO price of $26 – and there isn't any indication these shares will turn around soon. Twitter Inc. (NYSE: TWTR) shares opened today (Tuesday) at $25.54.
Disappointing growth in monthly active users (MAUs), failure to make the service easier, and concerns over CEO Jack Dorsey acting as dual CEO for Twitter and Square Inc. (NYSE: SQ) have all contributed to the plummeting Twitter stock price.
Now Twitter is being criticized for its lack of diversity…
After Dorsey let go roughly 9% of their workforce in October, Rev. Jesse Jackson sent a letter to Dorsey expressing their concerns. Jackson felt that the layoffs disproportionately affected Hispanics and African Americans.
In response, Dorsey appears ready to diversify leadership within Twitter. According to news site ReCode, three board members will step down after their terms expire between 2016 and 2017.
You see, before the hiring of Iran-born Omid Kordestani last month to replace Dick Costello, Twitter's board consisted of seven white men and one white female. In 2014, Fortune ranked Twitter ninth out of 14 for gender diversity among major tech companies and sixth out of 14 on ethnic diversity.
The diversity issue is just another problem for Twitter…
In their short time as permanent CEO of Twitter since of Oct. 5, Dorsey has yet to offer positive news for TWTR shareholders.
You see, Twitter has yet to prove that it has a solid plan to attract and maintain MAUs. And this is crushing the TWTR stock price…
Why the Twitter Stock Price Is Down 29% in 2015
In Q2 2015, Twitter reported 316 million MAUs, a 15% increase from the same time period a year earlier. Growth slowed in Q3 when Twitter reported 320 million MAUs. That was an 11% increase from Q3 2014.
But Twitter has fallen behind Facebook Inc. (Nasdaq: FB) and Instagram in MAUs…
After watching the Cleveland Cavaliers unofficially kick off the trade season on Thursday by acquiring sharpshooter Kyle Korver, it may only be a matter of time before the Toronto Raptors counter with a move of their own.
While Toronto certainly has the assets available to acquire an impact player like Paul Millsap, there are still a couple stumbling blocks that may prevent a deal, according to The Vertical's Shams Charania and Adrian Wojnarowski.
First, the 31-year-old is expected to opt out of their player option for next season, meaning the Raptors will likely need to shell out close to $30 million annually to keep them long term. Second, Toronto is intent on re-signing power forward Patrick Patterson this offseason - a player that the Hawks would likely covet in a potential swap.
Related: Should the Raptors trade for Millsap if the price is right?
While Patterson's counting stats are far from exceptional, their tenacious on-ball defense and ability to spread the floor make them one of the Raptors' most valuable players. With Patterson on the court, the Raptors have a net rating of plus-14.8. Without him, they are merely an average team, posting a net rating of 0.4.
Given that the Denver Nuggets and Sacramento Kings have reportedly also shown interest in Millsap, general manager Masai Ujiri may need to decide quickly whether he's willing to part with some of their assets in order to acquire the three-time All-Star.
The cost of an FAA-mandated tracking system may be too much for the wallets of Delmarva's casual fliers
Pilots flying small aircraft in Delaware could find themselves limited in where they can go if they don't meet a federal deadline to install new equipment.
But even though the price of the electronics is coming down, the expense still might be overly burdensome to many recreational pilots.
Aviators across the nation have until Jan. 1, 2020, to install the Automatic Dependent Surveillance-Broadcast system if they want to fly anywhere near major air hubs. In Delaware, this includes the Wilmington area and Dover Air Force Base.
“ADS-B is an environmentally friendly technology that enhances safety and efficiency, and directly benefits pilots, controllers, airports, airlines, and the public,” Federal Aviation Administration spokesperson Arlene Salac said. It forms the basis of the Next Generation Air Transportation System, or NextGen, a program to modernize air travel in the United States. Authorized by Congress in January 2004, it involves numerous government agencies. Overall, NextGen is expected to take at least 25 years to implement fully.
Salac said ADS-B would replace the standard radar tracking, instead using a combination of the plane's avionics, global positioning satellites, and ground-based receivers to let air traffic controllers know where planes are in their airspace.
The ground signal receivers are easier to place than radar systems and a complementary system, which the FAA does not require, will allow pilots to know the whereabouts of other aircraft, see and avoid terrain and bad weather and receive updates on safety and flight restrictions.
Much of this will be available through an interface on an iPad or similar device.
‘This could end your flying'
But while the public won't notice the gradual switchover, general aviation enthusiasts worry about a mandate that could cost them thousands.
“A lot of folks have already upgraded because of the advantage of getting weather or traffic information in the cockpit,” Dover AFB AeroClub manager Joe Nickel said. “It's more of concern to the guys who fly once in a while who own their airplanes.
“If you only fly 100 hours or so a year, this could end your flying.”
The Aero Club has a fleet of about a dozen aircraft to help prospective fliers earn their pilot's licenses. Nickel has budgeted money over the past 10 years to ensure the aircraft will comply with FAA rules.
But it's not cheap.
When the FAA came out with ADS-B, each unit had a price of about $5,000. Installation costs were about half that. The price has come down considerably, as has the price of installation, but, “Even two or three thousand dollars is a lot of money,” Nickel said. “Most pilots aren't exactly wealthy. They pretty much use all of their extra money to fly with. Anything you take out of their pockets means they fly less. It really affects the small guys.”
One small saving grace is that the FAA does not require ADS-B in all aircraft, just the ones that fly in controlled airspace near airports or if the plane flies above 10,000 feet.
That means much of Delmarva still is accessible to private pilots as long as they don't stray into airspace around Wilmington, Washington or Philadelphia.
“For the most part, if you stay in the Dover area, you don't really need [ADS-B],” Nickel said. “But if you fly north you'll need it once you get around Middletown. If you head west, by the time you hit the Delaware state line, you'll pretty much have to have it.”
Pilot groups question timing
Pilots' groups, such as the Experimental Aircraft Association and the Airplane Owners and Pilots Association, have problems with the FAA directive.
While they support the idea, they feel the government should extend the 2020 target date.
“Our position has been that any mandate cannot create an undue financial burden on individual aircraft owners,” EAA Senior Communications Adviser Dick Knapinski said. “Aircraft owners are dealing with equipment costs all the time that can run into thousands of dollars, even if you own a small aircraft.”
Though the federal government has shown no willingness to extend the date nor to renew a now-expired rebate program for ADS-B equipment, the EAA still encourages pilots to buy it.
Since planes not equipped with the system won't be allowed to fly within controlled airspace, pilots flying long distances will be forced to skirt airports en route.
Large parts of the country, such as the Great Plains, may not have this problem, but that's not the case on Delmarva, Knapinski said.
“If you never fly in any controlled airspace, you won't need ADS-B,” they said. “But if there's even a chance you will, then it will come into play.”
The EAA also is concerned there may be an installation backlog if pilots keep putting off buying equipment, hoping the price will come down, Knapinski said.
Melissa Rudinger, vice president of government affairs for AOPA said the organization also likes the idea of ADS-B -- to a point.
“We disagree with the implementation strategy,” they said. “We opposed the mandate. We thought a better strategy would be to provide benefits, to incentivize. ADS-B really benefits the system, but requires the user to pay for it.”
AOPA was successful in its fight for a relatively long implementation period, hence the 2020 deadline, they said. This allowed the markets to adapt and prices to decrease, which has been an important factor in having pilots get on board, Rudinger said.
“You were looking at a significant chunk of change,” they said. “Many general aviation aircraft are 30 years old and have a hull value of $30,000 to $40,000 and the ADS-B equipment cost a significant portion of that figure.”
A bare-bones system now could cost as little as $1,500, plus installation, they said.
A 2015 survey conducted by Embry Riddle Aeronautical University showed 56 percent of general aviation aircraft owners and operators planned to hold off installing ADS-B until the price came down. The majority said they could afford a system priced between $1,000 and $2,000.
In most cases, the type of aircraft determines the cost. A high-performance aircraft such as a Cessna CJ1 will require a more sophisticated system than a cropduster such as the Grumman Ag Cat.
Steady work
John Bonnell, director of general aviation at Summit Aviation in Middletown, said the real challenge is the technology cost coming down.
Some well-known companies produce equipment, including Garmin and Honeywell. The final cost depends on factors including the type of aircraft and equipment already aboard.
As of late, Summit has seen a steady stream of work.
“As far as the availability of installation slots goes, we've been doing it right and left,” Bonnell said. Some pilots will fly in to let Summit's inspectors go over their aircraft before making a final decision, they said.
“If you hit up a couple of pilots, you'd be amazed at how much they've researched and how thorough they are,” they said. “It all boils down to safety because if you're up there in the sky, you want to be as safe as possible.”
‘So much better'
Garret Dernoga, who owns Georgetown Air Services at the Delaware Coastal Airport, didn't have to install ADS-B in their Cessna 182, but did so anyway.
“If you're just flying around the Georgetown airport, you won't need it,” they said. “Say a guy wants to fly from Cambridge, Md., to here for breakfast on Sunday, they won't fly through controlled airspace, so they won't need it.
“But if you want to do any traveling, like up to New York, you have to have it installed because you'll be traveling through controlled airspace.”
Having it can help resale value, they said. As a prospective buyer, one of their top concerns would be whether the aircraft has ADS-B.
“About half of them won't, and I'll be crossing them off my list,” Dernoga said.
Dernoga feels the equipment is worth the time, money and effort.
“It's given me so much better traffic information in the cockpit than I had before,” they said. “You see planes that you'd never been aware were out there. It definitely enhances safety, and you get weather information that increases a pilot's ability to make good decisions.”
Aircraft need upgrades
Meeting the FAA's January 2020 mandate is a concern for Michael Hales, director of Aviation Programs at Delaware State University. The retired U.S. Army lieutenant colonel took over the program in March 2016. Since then they have made a priority out of upgrading the school's 10 aircraft with ADS-B equipment.
So far, four have had the electronics installed.
They like the system, but like other pilots they worry about how to pay for it.
“It allows us to see any other air traffic in proximity to us, and that's helpful when trying to avoid mid-air collisions,” they said. “It's absolutely great.”
He's working to include the system as part of a general avionics upgrade, replacing analog equipment with modern digital systems, or “glass cockpits.”
“What I've done is slowly try to carve into my budget for these upgrades,” they said. “There had been talk about it before, but there hasn't been the action I felt it needed to be before it runs into the January 2020 deadline.”
Hale's worried that their students will have bachelor degrees in aviation, yet they'll still be behind the power curve when looking for jobs.
“We don't even have GPS in our aircraft,” they said. “Our students have found there's an expectation to understand glass cockpit devices we don't have in our aircraft, so we're tying the two together, not just to be ADS-B compliant but to upgrade avionics.”
“Friends of DSU Aviation” looks to upgrade university's aircraft
Delaware State University depends on the state for its operating funds. The Friends of DSU Aviation, formed earlier this year, is working to raise money to keep the program solvent and to buy a new plane.
“Delaware is facing financial shortfalls from many directions and may not be able to fully support a program such as DSU's as it would like to,” noted Donald Blakey, a DSU alumnus, licensed pilot, and former state representative.
“Other sources of help must be created and applied,” Blakey said. Without the cash to buy and upgrade to ADS-B, the school may have to shut down the program.
A fundraiser was held in February, and another is planned for Nov. 18. For more information about “Keep ‘Em Flying,” call the DSU Office of Development at 302-857-6055.
Air Force lags behind
Only 29 US Air Force aircraft have been fully outfitted with ADS-B equipment, according to an Oct. 10 article by Oriana Pawlyk on the military.com website.
Information in the article was verified by Capt. Emily Grabowski of the Secretary of the Air Force Public Affairs Office.
Of those, 27 -- including three gliders -- are for training at the Air Force Academy; two are C-130J cargo aircraft. There are 77 “J” models in the Air Force inventory.
Speaking before Congress last year, military officials blamed the delay on increased operations overseas. They said the Air Force would ask the FAA to exempt certain aircraft if they would miss the January 2020 deadline.
However, Grabowski said the fleet of C-5M SuperGalaxy aircraft at Dover Air Force Base and elsewhere would meet the mandate. The C-17 Globemaster III cargo planes at Dover would not. Those will be outfitted by May 2020, they said.
The E-4B Advanced Airborne Command Post, aka, the Doomsday Plane, will be upgraded by 2019. Others, such as the B-1A Bancer, the B-2 Spirit, and the B-52 Stratofortress, will get the ABS-B system between 2023 and 2025.
This 1969 Jeep Wagoneer remained with a single family until acquired by the selling dealer two years ago. The 350ci Buick V8 is backed by a 3-speed automatic transmission and was rebuilt in 2015, though the truck is said to be quite original otherwise. New tires were fitted less than 200 miles ago, and additional maintenance included a carburetor rebuild and the installation of an electric fuel pump, new alternator, rear brakes and axle seals, and new fluids. Some outlying mechanical and cosmetic issues will need to be addressed and are detailed below. This Wagoneer was recently serviced in August 2017 and is now being offered in Texas with records from the engine rebuild and a clean Utah title.
Said to retain its original finish, the truck wears faded blue paint with considerable patina. Bubbling and rust-through are present in both rear quarter panels and in the floorboards. According to the seller, there is no evidence of frame rot.
White factory steel wheels wear chrome hubcaps, and new Hankook white wall tires were fitted less than 200 miles ago. Badging and trim show some pitting but are said to be complete. The rear tailgate retains its externally-mounted factory rear window crank, and a crack in the passenger-side reverse lamp is noted.
An older aftermarket AM/FM/Cassette head unit was added, and unrestored instrumentation includes a 110 mph speedometer and a five-digit odometer showing 68k miles. The condition of the dash pad and steering wheel is further shown in the gallery.
Inside, the truck reportedly retains its original upholstery and lap belts/buckles. Some cracks are noted in the driver-side of the front vinyl bench. A rear cargo panel is missing, while the matching headliner and sun visors are shown in the gallery.
The 350ci Buick V8 was reportedly rebuilt in 2015, and additional work included adding an electric fuel pump, new alternator, rear brakes and axle seals, and new fluids. Recent servicing was performed in August 2017 by the seller, who notes an exhaust manifold leak, aged brake hoses, and wear on the stabilizer bar and tie-rod assembly.
The automatic transmission, transfer case, and front and rear differentials have recently been serviced. Approximately 150 miles have been added during the seller's two years of ownership.
Pedestrians walk past a mall in Beijing on June 23. China's manufacturing activity expanded in June for the first time this year as the effects of Beijing's mini-stimulus on the world's second-largest economy gradually kick in, financial firm HSBC reports. (Wang Zhao/ AFP/Getty Images)
There's a lot of recent scholarship suggesting that non-democratic regimes grow faster than democratic regimes. This has led some people not only to admire the Chinese model of growth focused authoritarianism, but to suggest that it may be a better economic model for developing countries than democracy. However, this research tends to assume that both democracies and non-democracies are telling the truth about their growth rates, when they report them to multilateral organizations such as the World Bank. Is this assumption safe? The answer is no, according to a forthcoming article (temporarily ungated) by Christopher S. P. Magee and John A. Doces in International Studies Quarterly.
The problem that Magee and Doces tackle is that it's hard to figure out when regimes are being honest or dishonest about their rates of economic growth, since it's the regimes themselves that are compiling the statistics. It's hard to measure how honest or dishonest they are, if all you have to go on are their own numbers. This means that researchers need to find some kind of independent indicator of economic growth, which governments will either be less inclined or unable to manipulate. Magee and Doces argue that one such indicator is satellite images of nighttime lights. As the economy grows, you may expect to see more lights at night (e.g. as cities expand etc). And indeed, research suggests that there's a very strong correlation between economic growth and nighttime lights, meaning that the latter is a good indicator of the former. Furthermore, it's an indicator that is unlikely to be manipulated by governments.
Magee and Doces look at the relationship between reported growth and nights at light and find a very clear pattern. The graph below shows this relationship for different countries – autocracies are the big red dots. Most of the dots are above the regression line, which means that most autocracies report higher growth levels to the World Bank than you'd expect given the intensity of lights at night. This suggests that they're exaggerating their growth numbers.
The two countries with the biggest difference between their reported growth and their actual growth (as best as you can tell from the intensity of nighttime lights) are China (although the discrepancy was considerably larger in the mid-1990s than now) and Myanmar. More broadly:
if democracies report their GDP growth rates truthfully, then dictatorships overstate their yearly growth rate by about 1.5 percentage points on average. If democracies also overstate their true growth rates, then dictatorships exaggerate their yearly growth statistics by about 1.5 percentage points more than do democracies.
The authors conclude:
Just because you wear a hijab doesn't mean you can't cosplay.
Cosplay may have gotten its start in Japan, but since then it's grown to become a worldwide phenomenon. From grandmothers in Taiwan to gender-bending ladies in the U.S., people everywhere love to get dressed up and pay homage to different characters, and just when we think we've seen it all, something always comes along to surprise us and make us look at the world of cosplay in a different light all over again.
The latest cosplayer to grab everyone's attention is Misa, a 21 year-old from Perlis in Malaysia, who's showing us all how good characters can look with a hijab head covering. While most cosplayers use coloured wigs to bring characters to life, Misa simply uses different coloured hijabs to achieve a stunning look, and their extensive photo collection is growing by the day.
▼ Misa calls themselves the “Malaysian Hijab Cosplayer“,
using the nickname Miisa MHC.
Misa, who first started posting photos on Instagram in May last year, has a talent for creating cute cosplay looks based on a number of different characters from a variety of popular anime series.
▼ Here they look absolutely gorgeous as Mikasa from Attack on Titan.
▼ And here, they show off their “gothic look for Sailormoon x Black Lady“.
At an outdoor photo shoot with a friend, Misa hams it up as the anthropomorphised sword Yamatonokami Yasusada from Touken Ranbu.
As purple-haired Kanna, one of the main characters in Kobayashi-san Chi no Maid Dragon, Misa looks like she's stepped out of the anime and into real-life!
Out of all the series she's drawn inspiration from, Misa has a soft spot for the series Naruto, cosplaying as Mitsuki from Boruto: Naruto the Movie…
▼ As Himawari Uzumaki…
▼ And as Naruko Uzumaki.
While they love to emulate popular anime characters, Misa has some original character ideas up their sleeve too.
Given their unique approach to cosplay, Misa has attracted attention from the media, even appearing in magazines.
▼ And she's so popular they even have their own fan art!
Misa loves attending events in costume too. This year, for the 2017 iteration of Malaysia's largest comic and cosplay event, CF Mini, they cosplayed as Runa from Kakegurui.
With their creative ideas and beautifully made outfits, we're sure we'll see much more of Misa soon. Don't forget to give them a follow-on Instagram and Facebook so you can keep up to date with all their new cosplay characters!
Source, featured image: Instagram/@miisa_mhc
[ Read in Japanese ]
From GANDACUL DE COLORADO Romanian-American magazine - After a self imposed sabbatical, Romanian-born star Tudor Petrut returned in the limelight as the principal in a three years long commercial campaign for Discover Card. Tudor portrayed the popular, likeable but inept character Peggy in various commercials imagined by The Martin Agency. Produced by Harvest Films, the spots were directed by award winning Baker Smith, and photographed by Eric Treml. Writes the Chicago Sun Times: "The new Discover spots make their point via a customer service agent called Peggy, who is actually a. Peggy is seen in each spot attempting to deal with a customer who has called a financial institution named USA Prime Credit. In each instance, the interaction with Peggy leads to a situation that is both funny and familiar -- at least to anyone who has struggled to get through to -- and then deal with -- a banking representative. It's a tribute to Martin's skills that the shop has managed to make us laugh at what is, in fact, a hugely frustrating experience for so many, namely the decline of customer service." TV Squad picked Transfer as one of the "Top 10 Commercials of 2010", and Fox Business includes the ads among the "Ten Best Credit Card Commercial Campaigns" of all time. READ BELOW!
One Killed, Seven Abducted in Sulu Sea Pirate Attack
File image (inset image courtesy of ReCAAP)
By MarEx 2017-02-20 21:22:50
On Sunday evening, pirates attached the frieghter Giang Hai near Tawi-Tawi, Philippines, killing one seafarer and kidnapping seven.
According to the Vietnam Coast Guard, the abductees included the master, chief mate, third mate, second engineer and one oiler. Philippine coast guard and military forces responded to the scene and rescued the Giang Hai's remaining 17 crewmembers, and the Philippine armed forces pursued the attackers.
The Vietnamese-flagged geared bulker Giang Hai is operated by a Da Nang-based shipping firm. AIS data shows that they were under way from Makassar, Indonesia to Iloilo, Philippines at the time of the attack. The Giang Hai is now at Taganak anchorage area, Tawi Tawi, where Philippine law enforcement officials are examining the vessel.
The ReCAAP piracy reporting center said that the pirates destroyed navigation and communication equipment before escaping. ReCAAP noted that this is the second boarding and abduction in the region so far this year. The waters around Tawi-Tawi are notorious for pirate attacks and kidnappings perpetrated by the Abu Sayyaf Group (ASG), a terrorist organization based out of Sulu and Basilan. In November, ReCAAP advised slower-moving merchant vessels to avoid the region altogether if possible.
Abu Sayyaf is believed to be holding over two dozen hostages, most of them merchant mariners; it has released eleven captives since last June, and analysts suggest that ransoms were likely paid to secure their release. The Philippine government does not generally comment on ransoms, but recent payments may represent a significant sum: as a point of reference, group is believed to have taken in $7 million from kidnapping the first half of 2016 alone. The government discourages ransoms on the grounds that the money fuels ASG's arms purchases and recruitment activities.
Abu Sayyaf routinely threatens to kill hostages if it does not receive payment, and it often follows through. Last year, ASG fighters beheaded three captives – John Ridsdel and Robert Hall, both Canadian nationals, and Philippine citizen Patrick Almodovar. Last week, ASG threatened to behead German national Jurgen Kantner unless the German government pays $100,000 to secure their release.
The Fauves used non-representational color and representational form to convey different sensations. Apply the same idea to the portrait of Marilyn Monroe below, using the controls to adjust the colors. How does the color affect the mood?
Andy Warhol (1928-1987) was a key figure in Pop Art, an art movement that emerged in America and elsewhere in the 1950s to become prominent over the next two decades.
Unlike the Fauve colors, the non-representational colors of Pop Art do not depict the artist's inner sensation of the world. They refer to the popular culture, which also inspires Warhol to experiment with the technique of silkscreen printing, a popular technique used for mass production. In doing so, Warhol moves away from the elitist avant-garde tradition. Initially, many spectators received this new marriage between art and commodity culture with little enthusiasm.
Warhol was fascinated with morbid concepts. Sometimes, however, the results are astonishingly beautiful, such as the resonating, brilliantly colored images of Marilyn Monroe. The Marilyn canvases were early examples of Warhol's use of silkscreen printing, a method the artist experimented with, recalling:
In August 62 I started doing silkscreens. I wanted something stronger that gave more of an assembly line effect. With silkscreening you pick a photograph, blow it up, transfer it in glue onto silk, and then roll ink across it so the ink goes through the silk but not through the glue. That way you get the same image, slightly different each time. It was all so simple quick and chancy. I was thrilled with it. When Marilyn Monroe happened to die that month, I got the idea to make screens of their beautiful face the first Marilyns.
Using photo-stencils in screen-printing, Warhol uses photographic images for their screenprints. The screen is prepared using a photographic process, and then different color inks are printed using a rubber squeegee to press the paint onto the painting through the screen.
“I can't stop shaking,” Haglund said. “Last night was so bad my teeth were clattering.”
A family cat that was drugged, shaven and tossed out of a window by a group of teens and one young adult has found its way home.
Sharline Haglund has confirmed Gigi the cat, a one-year-old calico, is back where they belong after the indoor cat's horrifying trip out.
“We are going to the vet,” Haglund said Wednesday morning. “They said to call…and they would test them for drugs and look them over.”
Haglund confirmed on Wednesday afternoon the presence of MDMA, commonly known as ecstasy, a synthetic drug that acts as a stimulant and hallucinogen, was found in Gigi's system.
They said the veterinary clinic that is treating Gigi kept the cat on fluids in the clinic all day in efforts to flush the drug out.
“She's been sketchy from the drugs and not acting like herself, but it looks like they will be fine. Them hair will grow back, but I'm still shaking after all of this,” Haglund said.
The incident was recorded and send via Snapchat to a Duncan teen in the wee hours of Tuesday morning by a group of people they used to associate with.
North Cowichan/Duncan RCMP say a 20-year-old man has been arrested and further charges are being considered against the other youth involved.
Joshua Michael Lemire is charged with causing unnecessary pain and suffering to an animal.
RCMP are also warning people not to take justice into their own hands.
“We are always concerned when people decide to bypass law enforcement and take matters into their own hands,” said Cpl. Tammy Douglas in a press release. “When that happens there is a risk that investigations can be jeopardized and key evidence can be lost.
“Although we can appreciate that this matter has upset many people, vigilantism will not be tolerated.”
It was about 3 a.m. when the videos began arriving showing what looks like the animal being drugged, shaved, and bleached.
The cat also has “666” written in their ear.
Afterward, Gigi was thrown out the window and into the cold, dark night.
What Haglund and their family saw on the social media site shook them to the core.
“I can't stop shaking,” Haglund said. “Last night was so bad my teeth were clattering.”
The accused have been questioned by authorities and members of the RCMP have photographed the animal for evidence.
“That's a good start, and we're pleased with the swift action by the RCMP,” Haglund said.
“We'll have to see what happens next.”
After the information got out on Facebook, a woman wrote to say she'd been out for a walk when Gigi ran up to them.
“She came running up to me and meowing like crazy,” they wrote on Facebook. “I quickly knelt down and put them in my hoodie to warm up.  They are indeed shaved and very shaky they also have 666 in their ear. Them owners came and got them and they are safe.”
Haglund said it's comforting to know there are good people out there.
“People were out in droves” looking for Gigi, they said.
A GoFundMe page has been set up to help with the vet bills. Visit https://www.gofundme.com/z8zed5-justice-for-gigi to learn more.
sarah.simpson@cowichanvalleycitizen.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter
After each of the presidential debates, the media has scrambled to decide, among other things, which of the two candidates was more truthful. The fact-checkers worked hard, attempting to establish if anything President Obama or Governor Romney said was inaccurate. However, it isn't as if the rest of us waited for the morning paper to make our own judgments. Whether watching the debates, viewing the commercials, or reading campaign literature, we always have a sense for how truthful a politician candidate is. Where does this sense come from?
Late-night television satirist Stephen Colbert urges their audience to rely on their gut for what they have dubbed a feeling of “truthiness.” Truthiness, Merriam-Webster's 2006 word of the year, is “the quality of seeming to be true according to one's intuition…without regard to logic [or] factual evidence.” Although Colbert deserves credit for coining the word, psychologists have long known that people rely on their feelings to draw all sorts of conclusions, and a recent paper clarifies one situation that seems to lead us to strong feelings of truthiness – the presence of additional related (but irrelevant) information.
The research finds that a statement in the presence of images or other additional information enhances people's feelings of truthiness, even when they don't provide any evidence the statement is true. This is especially important in the context of political campaigns, as it suggests that that the mere presence of a picture next to a candidate's written claims could lead people to be more likely to believe them. And the work is another demonstration of the ease with which our thoughts, beliefs, and behaviors can be manipulated through relatively innocuous means.
The authors, researchers from Victoria University of Wellington , Kwantlen Polytechnic University , and University of Victoria , performed four experiments. In the first three studies, participants viewed names of celebrities, displayed one at a time. Some of the names also had a picture or a short verbal description attached. Finally, half of the participants judged the truth of the statement “this famous person is alive,” while the rest judged the truth of, “this famous person is dead.” The participants were more likely to judge a statement as true when it was accompanied by a picture or by a short description, regardless of whether the statement was that the individual was alive, or that the individual was dead. The effect was stronger for less familiar celebrities.
In a related experiment, the researchers showed the effect was not particular to celebrities. Participants viewed trivia statements, some of which were accompanied by related photos which provided no evidence of the truth of the statement, and indicated whether they thought the statement was true or false. For example, next to the statement “macadamia nuts are in the same evolutionary family as peaches,” a participant might see a picture of macadamia nuts. The photos increased the bias toward rating statements as true.
The fact that irrelevant pictures alter our perceptions of truth is related to a general principle about the way our minds work. Our judgments are based on not only the information we're considering, but the way in which that information is processed and organized. The ease with which information is processed has long been known to lead to specific biases. The reasoning works as follows: when considering some piece of new information, an individual will attempt to remember other bits of consistent information. The more easily these bits of information are retrieved, the more likely the new information is going to be tagged as true. So, if you are told, “an ostrich's eye is bigger than it's brain,” you will attempt to recall all the information you know about ostriches, eyes, and brains. The easier you bring this information to mind, the more likely you are to decide that the statement is true (spoiler: it's true).
This ease-of-recall is known as fluency, and the effect of fluency is extremely wide-ranging. While the present paper shows that we judge fluent information as more true, previous work has shown that fluently processed faces are judged to be more attractive , and fluently processed names more frequent . In fact, the Nobel prize was awarded to Daniel Kahneman 2002 for work which showed, among other things, that the ease with which we can bring information to mind leads to an assortment of biases in decision making.
Though the authors believe that this fluency explanation is the most likely one, it is impossible at this stage to rule out other explanations. The authors speculate that it is possible, for example, that the pictures or text could lead people to preferentially look for evidence consistent with the statement. For example, if presented with a photo of a celebrity, and the statement, “This famous person is alive,” one might seek out elements of the picture which provide support for the statement that they or they are alive, and ignore those elements of the picture which might suggest that they or they are not alive, like signs the picture comes from a previous decade. Further work should be able to disentangle which explanation is more correct.
With profound apologies to Colbert, these findings suggest we would all be wise to be more critical of our feelings of truthiness. Is that health claim on your cereal box accompanied by a picture? Do the safety claims of the car ad in your magazine appear alongside other information about the vehicle? Does the assertion of a fact on a website appear next to a photo of the writer? Given that we will live with the consequences of this presidential elections for the next four years, we should pay close attention not only to the information presented by the candidates, but also the manner in which they present that information. There are many instances in which trusting the truth which comes from your gut could mean that you're subscribing to something less than the truth. In other words: if it feels good, question it.
Are you a scientist who specializes in neuroscience, cognitive science, or psychology? And have you read a recent peer-reviewed paper that you would like to write about? Please send suggestions to Mind Matters editor Gareth Cook, a Pulitzer prize-winning journalist at the Boston Globe. They can be reached at garethideas AT gmail.com or Twitter @garethideas.
Humanitarian workers say the plight of starving people in the Syrian town of Madaya is heartbreaking and the worst they have witnessed during the country's nearly five-year-long civil war.
"There is no comparison in what we saw in Madaya," Sajjad Malik, the United Nations refugee agency's chief in Damascus, told journalists in Geneva Tuesday, a day after the U.N. delivered aid to the embattled town of 42,000 people surrounded by forces loyal to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.
Malik said there were "credible reports" of people starving to death in Madaya.
"There are people in Madaya, but no life," they said. "What we saw in Madaya should not happen in this century."
“We saw a people that are desperate; a people that are cold; a people that are hungry; a people that have almost lost hope that the world cares about their plight,” Yacoub el Hillo, the U.N.'s resident and humanitarian coordinator in Syria, told reporters at the U.N. in New York via phone from Damascus.
El Hillo said the people told them they want the international community to do more to have sieges lifted wherever they are being imposed in Syria.
“All parties to this conflict are exercising it [sieges] and it must stop,” they added.
The United Nations says 400,000 Syrians live in areas besieged by the government, rebels or armed groups. Millions more live in areas classified as ‘hard-to-reach' for aid workers.
'Barely moving skeletons'
Syria's ambassador to the U.N., Bashar Jaafari, told reporters Monday there is "no starvation in Madaya," rebuffing a report from the international medical charity Doctors Without Borders that 28 people in the town had starved to death.
El Hillo refuted that, saying they and their team saw “severely malnourished” people there who were “extremely thin, as skeletons, that are now barely moving.”
Elizabeth Hoff, a World Health Organization official who accompanied the aid convoy Monday, told the Reuters news agency, "I am really alarmed. People gathered in the marketplace. You could see many were malnourished, starving. They were skinny, tired, severely distressed. There was no smile on anybody's face. It is not what you want to see when you arrive with a convoy. The children I talked to said they had no strength to play."
The WHO brought in nearly eight tons of medicine, including trauma kits for wounds, in the convoy, while the U.N. refugee agency trucked in food. At the same time, WHO delivered nearly four tons of medical supplies to Foua and Kafraya, two villages in Idlib province surrounded by anti-government rebels.
Beyond the initial convoys agreed to by Damascus, the WHO is asking for permission to send mobile clinics and medical teams into Madaya to determine the extent of the malnutrition there and to be able to evacuate those in the direst of circumstances.
"It's really heartbreaking to see the situation of the people," said Pawel Krzysiek of the International Committee of the Red Cross. "A while ago I was just approached by a little girl and their first question was did you bring food... we are really hungry."
U.N. humanitarian and development agencies appealed Tuesday for $7.73 billion in new funding for 2016 to help 22.5 million people in Syria and across the region.
The aid agencies say the funding is needed to help 4.7 million refugees expected to flood into in neighboring countries from the conflict zone by the end of 2016 and support another 13.5 million displaced and conflict-affected people inside Syria itself.
The Syria appeals are part of the wider 2016 humanitarian appeal, asking for $20.1 billion to reach 87 million people in various crises zones around the world.
America's spies and Democrats show an incredible lack of technological sophistication.
Julian Assange speaks via video on Oct. 4, 2016. (Photo: Markus Schreiber, AP)
It certainly is convenient for Hillary Clinton to dodge the serious pay-for-play allegations raised by the WikiLeaks disclosures by blaming Vladimir Putin. Anyone paying attention to the corruption exposed in Clinton campaign advisor John Podesta's purloined emails are, in effect, doing the bidding of the Russian strongman, they argue.
This “Russia is behind it” claim is repeated often enough, but the evidence is thin. During last Wednesday night's debate, Clinton explained that the “seventeen intelligence agencies” under the purview of the Director of National Intelligence (DNI) are in agreement. “We believe, based on the scope and sensitivity of these efforts, that only Russia's senior-most officials could have authorized these activities,” the DNI said in a joint statement with Homeland Security.
Most people would imagine the heads of America's top spy agencies are experts on securing sensitive information. And most people would be wrong.
Central Intelligence Agency Director John Brennan was unable to keep their own AOL email account from being compromised by a high-school student. The teenage perpetrator didn't need the help of a nuclear-armed state to snatch the intelligence official's password. All they had to do was use a bit of social engineering to gather personal information about Brennan from the official's cell phone provider. The young man then called up AOL pretending to be the intelligence chief locked out of their email account. AOL obligingly reset the password.
Not long after that embarrassing incident, DNI James Clapper had their account hijacked by the same teen using the same methods. Indeed, this is not so different from the technique used by the miscreants who took control of the Apple iCloud accounts of celebrities, including Jennifer Lawrence, so that their intimate photos and videos could be posted online for all the world to see.
Democratic National Committee Chairman Donna Brazile underscored the intelligence agencies' findings in a conference call cited by Politico in August. “CrowdStrike — the cybersecurity firm hired by the DNC, and other Democratic organizations — confirmed that this is a Russian state-sponsored attack, based on its investigation and the forensic evidence that has been collected," they said. Which is to say that a company on the DNC payroll has echoed the assessment of Obama's intelligence appointees, including the highly partisan Brennan.
There is a much simpler explanation that doesn't implicate partisan motives or suppose a cloak-and-dagger conspiracy orchestrated by a foreign power. Simply put, the Democrats who were breached had really dumb passwords.
One of the disclosures from Podesta's Gmail account was that they chose “Runner4567” as their Apple iCloud password. As passwords go, that's about as secure as a papier-mache padlock. The campaign chief compounds their error by emailing it around the office and using the same password across multiple websites. This is why users of the 4chan website were able to take over Podesta's Twitter account shortly after their choice of password became public.
It turns out that Messrs. Podesta, Brennan and Clapper are not alone when it comes to Internet insecurity. Leaked DNC emails also reveal the passwords previously used for the DNC press account include “Obama-Biden-2012” and “obamain08.”
Yes, it's true that Putin could personally have ordered the hacks, but it is equally true that their top spies would be downright embarrassed at the triviality of breaching a system secured by the secret phrase “obamain08.” Certainly, if they were involved, they would be able to cover their tracks and leave false clues that other states, perhaps the Chinese or North Koreans, were involved. The bits of malware lingering in the DNC system for over a year cited as proof of Russian involvement turns out to be based on an open source protocol. Anyone could have left such fingerprints behind.
The accusations now being thrown around so authoritatively are reminiscent of the bogus assertion that a YouTube video caused a “spontaneous reaction” in Benghazi.
POLICING THE USA: A look at race, justice, media
What's more troubling is the administration going all in by announcing a plan to launch U.S.-led attacks on Russian computer assets. Vice President Joe Biden telegraphed the administration's intent while discussing Syria on Meet the Press. “We're sending a message,” they explained, referring to Putin. “…And it will be at the time of our choosing. And under the circumstances that have the greatest impact.”
Such a boast, if carried into action, could spark a real war, which would be reckless in the extreme. Rather than continue poking the Russian bear to distract from the politically damaging WikiLeaks revelations, Democrats ought to take a few responsible steps toward security. They can start by changing their passwords.
Richard Diamond, a senior director at the White House Writers Group, was the first spokesperson for the U.S. House Select Committee on Homeland Security. Follow them on Twitter @RichardPDiamond.
You can read diverse opinions from our Board of Contributors and other writers on the Opinion front page, on Twitter @USATOpinion and in our daily Opinion newsletter. To submit a letter, comment or column, check our submission guidelines.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2eL5PgA
News in Science
Exercise may cause you to fail drug test
Rebound effect If you smoke cannabis and then exercise the next day, be warned - you could fail a random drug test.
That's the finding from a team of Australian researchers looking at the long-lasting effect of the active component in cannabis, known as tetrahydrocannabinol (THC).
THC is a lipophilic compound, meaning it dissolves in fat molecules. Previous studies have shown that it can be stored in the body for at least 28 days, with some former heavy cannabis users still showing traces of THC in their body six months later.
Professor Iain McGregor, from the University of Sydney's School of Psychology, says they were prompted into studying the long-lasting effects of THC after hearing numerous cases of people claiming not to have recently used cannabis, yet had high levels of the active compound in their urine or blood.
"The common dominator in all these scenarios was that the people were burning fat," they say.
McGregor, along with researchers from University of Sydney and University of New South Wales wondered whether exercise, which sometimes uses body fat as a source of energy, could release the stored THC back into the blood stream.
Three years ago, they tested their hypothesis on rats. After being given THC, the researchers watched the level of compound in their blood dropped. They were then made the rats exercise for 30 minutes. Blood tests taken immediately after exercise showed that the level of THC increased.
In this latest study, McGregor and colleagues recruited 14 volunteers who were daily cannabis users, typically smoking 3-4 grams of cannabis per week.
Each person rode an exercise bike strenuously for 35 minutes, having refrained from using cannabis since the night before. They had samples taken before, immediately after and two hours after their exercise, to measure the levels of THC in their blood.
They found that the level of THC increased in all of the volunteers after exercise, and in some people it was high enough to register a positive result if they undertook a drug test.
"Someone subjected to workplace or roadside drug testing after a visit to the gym could end up testing positive despite an absence of recent cannabis use," says McGregor.
The researchers also found people with a higher body mass index (BMI), had the highest levels of THC in their blood, regardless of the amount of cannabis they consumed the previous day.
"The more fat you have in your body the bigger the reservoir you have for THC," says McGregor.
Apart from exercise, the researchers note that dieting and stress can also cause the body to use fat reserves, which in turn may increase THC levels in the bloodstream. However, they found that 12 hours of fasting did not increase THC levels.
McGregor says the study could have implications for drug testing in the future.
"If you give a positive result for a drug test, it doesn't necessarily mean you have smoked cannabis recently," they say.
"Someone caught in a bad car accident ... the stress could cause them to burn fat and raise their THC, and they could give a positive drug test."
The researchers plan to repeat the study with more participants and to look at the effect of THC levels after exercise on driving ability and memory.
Note the Head & Shoulder Pattern Above and the negative divergence. http://macromon.wordpress.com/2012/08/29/picture-of-the-day-technical-analysis/
A Reader Asks: I was wondering, you seem to use a little bit of technical analysis in your work, like in the annual letter you recently sent out. I'm a buy-at-a-cheap-price purist at this point, and I don't pay much attention to price/volume movement. However, maybe I should. I'd love to persuaded as to why learning about technical analysis is worth the effort. That is, of course, if you think it is.
Would you mind briefly explaining the basics of it, or maybe just making a brief book or article recommendation for it in one of your posts? I'd really like to hear about your experience with it. My Reply: Warren Buffett explained, “I realized that technical analysis (“TA”) didn't work when I turned the chart upside down and didn't get a different answer.”After eight years of trying, they concluded that it was the wrong way to invest. Then they focused on the teachings of Ben Graham, which stressed business fundamentals, finding a strategy that both made sense and, more importantly, worked. See more: http://www.fool.com/investing/value/avoid-the-mistake-that-cost-buffett-8-years-of-bet.aspx
Be skeptical about TA: http://www.stockopedia.com/content/technical-analysis-5-reasons-to-be-sceptical-about-charting-63806/
has any predictive value or if it does, the rules are so fuzzy that nailing Jello to the wall would be easier than determining the efficacy of TA. All a chart tells you is the price and volume history of a company's stock. What has happened in the PAST. The chart may provide confirmation of your theory of who is on the OTHER SIDE OF THE TRADE from you if COMBINED with strong company specific fundamental knowledge plus industry knowledge. Knowing if there are smart people or “dumb/emotional” investors on your side of the trade may be helpful ON THE MARGIN. I don't believe technical analysisor if it does, the rules are so fuzzy that nailing Jello to the wall would be easier than determining the efficacy of TA. All a chart tells you is the price and volume history of a company's stock. What has happened in the PAST. The chart may provide confirmation ofKnowing if there are smart people or “dumb/emotional” investors on your side of the trade may be helpful ON THE MARGIN. Why are there no rich technicians?
And if someone did actually HAVE A SECRET why would they reveal themselves? Those that know, don't say and those who don't know have the floor to themselves, like CNBC . Most technicians wiffle, waffle and sound like this:
http://www.kereport.com/2014/02/06/interesting-idea-gary-savage/ . Nothing factual or evidence-based here. “Well I think this or if that does this then this does that! Gimme a break! Be warned! If you listen more than four minutes of the podcast, your brain will turn to slush.
Can Technical Analysis (TA) boost returns: http://blogs.cfainstitute.org/investor/2013/03/06/can-technical-analysis-boost-portfolio-returns/ and Sample_Chapter_8_New
Trade the trader:http://youtu.be/GNEF1Iszy6c Actually, seems more in line with my thinking, “Who is on the other side of the trade from you?”
I use charts to describe price history and my hypothesis about buyers and sellers. Let's take a recent example where I sold out of the money puts ($18) and bot ($15 puts) for a bullish put spread on NEM. I am certainly not recommending NEM because there are “better” companies in terms of returns out there in the mining sector like Agnico (AEM), Royal Gold (RGLD), Detour, Kirkland, etc. but the sizing and diversity of your portfolio is critical. These companies are BURNING MATCHES! You gotta sell when the birds chirp. See NEM NEM_VL
Note the 75% decline–one of the worst for the major gold producers and back to twelve-year lows. Horrific! A lot of carnage, but there has been a change in management, a focus on slimming down and improving operations. NEM made the fateful mistake of growing for growth's sake five years ago.
Nem is a major component of GDX. Note the recent large (5%) under-performance. NEM announced earnings on the 31st and the stock lost about 10% of its value in one day. Volume traded at almost four (4x) times normal. Who sold; who bought? Track here: http://whalewisdom.com/stock/nem
If you note the large percentage of portfolio holders, you are seeing deep value investors move in (Van de Berg of www.Centman.com or Century Management, Inc.) while closet indexers are probably selling after news that should not have been unexpected for anyone following this company.
So on the 31st of Jan. on the 10.5% decline, I sold a put spread for a net credit. I am laying out X to make about 2X but I can lose 2.5X if NEM goes below $15 after six months. This is a speculation, not an “investment.”
The point is that the huge volume of 4xs normal AFTER a 70% drop over the past two years to a price at or below its hard asset value (assuming gold doesn't go below $900/$1,000 over the next twelve months) tells me that “WEAK” hands are giving up to more committed, longer-term holders (deep value). If gold goes below $1,200, you will see mine shut-ins. Fundamentally, the news seems absurdly overdiscounted–a showdown with the Indonesian government over a new smelting law http://finance.yahoo.com/news/indonesia-miners-must-pay-smelter-103242512.html.
While the company does have hefty debt–a problem, no doubt, if gold declines another 20%–but the debt's repayment schedule is not front-end loaded. There is time on NEM's side. That said, this is a lumbering giant with limited upside compared to other companies in the mining sector (IMHO).
I structured this as a defined risk with little capital tied up. It is more of a cheap asset coupled with taking advantage of the market's emotional over-reaction. I also had the benefit of HIGH volatility that day. When volatility spikes it seems as if traders think NEM will go down 5% to 10% a day. Actually, after a 10% drop, the market figures an equal probability of the price of NEM to go up or down, but I don't think each day is independent of the prior day. Market's DO DISCOUNT–overly in this case.
So, that is how I use charts. Charts and sudden price movement alert me to potential opportunity like an over-reaction to news versus intrinsic value. But price and volume alone won't predict where the price will then go. I need to combine the chart with my basic understanding of the company's value along with WHO IS ON MY SIDE? and WHO IS ON the OTHER SIDE FROM ME?
I don't have a guarantee, but I do think the huge volume of selling on the 31st was not well-reasoned based on what the facts are.
If you leave with anything, leave with this: WHO IS ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE TRADE? As Seth Klarman says, “I want to be on the other side from uneconomic selling like deletions from the S&P.”
Hope that helps………..
May 27, 2016, 12:51 PM GMT / Updated May 27, 2016, 12:50 PM GMT By Clara Lambert
This post appears courtesy of Asia Society.
A New York City native, DJ Neil Armstrong, born Thomas Neil Rodriguez, is an established musician in the DJ and turntablist community who first gained wide exposure through their now classic hip hop mix tapes. Armstrong studied chemical engineering in college, but after seeing the Invisibl Skratch Picklz, a DJ crew headed by another well-known Filipino American named Q-Bert, it inspired them to follow a path of making and mixing music.
In 1996, Armstrong founded the world renowned hip-hop turntablist crew 5th Platoon. Since then, they have performed all over the world. They taught at the first ever DJ school Scratch DJ Academy, founded by Run DMC's Jam Master Jay, was the tour DJ for Jay-Z in 2008 and 2009, was the first DJ to spin at the inauguration for President Obama, and has been a Global Brand Ambassador for Adidas since 2010.
Armstrong spoke to Asia Blog about their childhood in New York, their passion for food, and why Filipino-Americans are so drawn to music.
Queens, where we both come from, is considered the “world's borough,” the most representative melting pot in New York City. What was it like growing up there as a Filipino/American?
I actually did not grow up around a lot of Filipinos. My neighborhood was interesting. I lived on a block where most of my neighbors were Jewish, but if you went around the corner it was all upper-middle class black families. Many different races, religions, and different financial classes were there. I was also pretty religious as a child, though as a United Methodist Protestant rather than a member of the Catholic Church [like most Filipino-Americans]. My church was also super unique in that it was racially diverse. There was a large Filipino population, a black population, whites, Indians, Guyanese, and there was even a Pakistani family. So at a young age I was just exposed to a lot of different cultures. It's definitely one of the things that shaped my worldview today.
How did 5th Platoon come together? Do you still keep in touch with the crew?
The 5th Platoon was a collective of DJs that started back in late 1996. We were all part of the turntablist/battle scene. At our height, there were seven members, just a bunch of kids who wanted to scratch and beat juggle all day. We were active in the battle scene from 1997 until 2000, and then again from 2003 to 2005. I still periodically speak to most of the members of the crew to this day. Some of us have moved on entirely from the DJ world. One of the members, Do Boy, was actually the CEO of Friendster at one point.
Filipino-Americans were some of the first people to start the trend of mobile DJ crews, and seem to have their own roots in the turntablist community. Why do you think there is such a strong connection there?
The mobile DJ crew scene I think was more of a West Coast thing. It existed in New York as well, but I wouldn't say in the same way. DJing and turntablism go hand in hand, so it makes sense that there is a connection. In fact, back then you could say it was the same thing — it was only later on that it was necessary to differentiate between the two, as turntabling became its own art form.
If you are asking why Filipinos were drawn to the culture of DJing as a whole, I think it's just that we love music and we love dancing. The DJ is the person who controls that — the person that makes everyone dance.
How has the DJ culture evolved in the U.S.? What is it like being Asian-American and a veteran in the industry?
I think the one difference between now and before is that DJ's are now "celebrities" — they are brands in themselves. Back in the day, and even up until relatively recently — say 2005 — DJing was still a meritocracy: Your success was directly related to how good you were. But today, I mean, Paris Hilton is a DJ who has probably made more money in one gig then the majority of DJ's make in one year. You have DJ'd/actors and DJ/models. Shaquille O'Neal is a DJ. Because of technological advances, almost anyone can be a DJ. I think that is one of the glaring differences between now and before.
On the positive side though, technology has also made DJing great. An artist in New York can create a song, and immediately someone in Thailand can hear it and play it out somewhere because of the speed and access provided by the internet. You can have 100,000 songs at your fingertips on any given night. Back in the day, that would have just been impossible because that means you would have had to bring, like, 50,000 records to a gig with you.
Being Asian-American is interesting because although there are a lot of Filipino DJ's, there aren't that many of us who have achieved a wide-reaching platform. In general, there aren't a lot of Asian-Americans in American pop culture across all media platforms. But at the same time, I've never let that difference limit myself. I DJ for people, that's it. I've DJ'd on every continent in the world except for Antarctica, so I've had the opportunity to perform for people with whom I can't even speak. Our common bond is the love of music. Music is the universal language. So at the end of the day, I'm not an Asian DJ — I'm a DJ.
I do however know that there are not a lot of Asian-Americans in popular culture at a large level, so I'm a proud representative. I'm very proud of my Filipino heritage.
A few years back, you started a Dinner and a Mixtape series, a unique pop-up dining/music experience held in different states. How did you pick all the restaurants? Do you plan to start it up again, possibly in New York?
I started doing Dinner and A Mixtape two years ago, a way to join my two loves — food and music. It's a worldwide event series, where I provide the music and a great restaurant and chef provides the food. I've done them around the world: in Manila, Hong Kong, Toronto, Los Angeles, San Francisco, New York, and New Jersey. I got to do a few with some celebrity chefs, like Roy Choi (who basically started the food truck craze with their Kogi Truck in LA) and Dale Talde from Top Chef. I just try to work with similar-minded chefs and places that do great food. This is an ongoing series that I will hopefully do for a long time to come. The next run of events will always have a stop in New York!
As showcased in that series and on your Instagram page, your love for food runs deep. What are some of your favorite dishes? Being a New Yorker, what are the best places to find them?
I think that I am definitely a foodie who has a good repertoire of restaurants under my belt. Asking what is my favorite thing would be really difficult for me to answer. If you do an Instagram search on #leavingdishes, you can find pretty much all the food I've ever eaten. Over time I've learned a lot about Japanese food, and I absolutely love Texas BBQ. In New York, I rarely eat Japanese food just because I go back to Japan pretty often and the quality of food can't really be matched out here in the States without paying a pretty penny. Some of my favorite spots in New York City are Chikalicious, a dessert bar that serves four-course dessert "dinners," Bunker Vietnamese out in Queens ... that's all I can think of without referencing the Instagram feed.
Follow NBC Asian America on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and Tumblr.
RELATED
Barring a disaster in Edmonton or a miracle in Carolina, the Hurricanes will inherit a dubious title from the Oilers on April 9: Longest active playoff drought in the National Hockey League.
Along with that dishonour, the Hurricanes would be wise to steal something else from Peter Chiarelli & Co. — a bold approach to the trade market.
That means trading, however painfully, from an area of great depth to remedy a position of desperate need.
“These next five games will give us a better understanding of where we are,” Carolina GM Ron Francis told Chip Alexander of The News & Observer last week as their Canes wrapped their bye week.
Carolina went out and dropped the first two of those five games over the weekend, mustering a grand total of one goal versus the last-place Colorado Avalanche and Toronto Maple Leafs (whose backup goalie, Curtis McElhinney, got their first shutout in about three years).
Where the Hurricanes are is lottery bound, dead last in the Eastern Conference, with a minus-21 goal differential, a four-game losing skid, staring up at eight teams they'll need to pole-vault in order to quench their post-season drought.
Yep. This will mark the eighth consecutive season Carolina is not invited to the spring dance , breaking the record I set in high school .
Ownership is open to selling, home attendance ranks as the NHL's worst (11,925 fans on average, down for the fourth straight year), and television ratings were not provided in a recent SportsBusiness Journal survey. We take that as a bad sign.
All of this despite having the healthiest non-playoff team in the NHL.
“I'm always open to anything that will make our team better,” Francis said, eyeing the league's March 1 deadline and pointing out that their club has four games in hand over some playoff teams.
Thing is, Carolina is not altogether awful.
Its penalty kill is the toast of the league, its 5-on-5 possession in close games ranks sixth overall, and head coach Bill Peters has the right temperament and approach for a rebuilding club with the lowest payroll in the NHL.
But, boy, do the Hurricanes lack finish up front.
Of the top 78 scorers in the NHL this season, the Hurricanes have zero.
Jeff Skinner is among a group of NHLers tied at 79th with 38 points, and he's having a good season. We love rookie Sebastian Aho (17 goals) as much as the next guy, but there simply aren't enough weapons on this roster.
Also: there is no captain. Since the necessary departure of Eric Staal, who is the face of this franchise? Skinner? Jordan Staal? Goalie Cam Ward? “Long-tenured” 24-year-old defenceman Justin Faulk?
(The Maple Leafs, the NHL's other captain-free club, at least have an's-only-a-matter-of-time candidate in Auston Matthews.)
On the flip side, Francis has the tools to pull off a significant move (or two or three) in order to balance this group.
• Carolina has more salary cap space than anybody (roughly $15.5 million). Francis smartly used that to their advantage last June when they scooped Teuvo Teravainen from Chicago, allowing the Blackhawks to unload Bryan Bickell's expensive contract.
• Carolina has draft picks it could use as currency. Not only does Francis hold an extra second-rounder (Rangers) and third-rounder (Devils) in the upcoming draft, their own picks could be quite valuable if the Hurricanes continue to increase their lottery odds.
• Carolina boasts an enviable crop of emerging defencemen. Call them Anaheim East.
Placing a premium on blue-liners in their draft strategy, Carolina is overflowing with capable D-men aged 25 and under: Faulk, Noah Hanifin, Brett Pesce, Ryan Murphy, Klas Dahlbeck, Jaccob Slavin, Haydn Fleury, et al.
They're affordable and in demand. The list of opponents interested in young, controllable defenders is long. Let's throw out a few: Tampa Bay, Colorado, Dallas, Boston, Toronto, Edmonton, New York, Detroit.
Saying all of this, Francis may be best served by waiting until June to make noise, the way Chiarelli did with the controversial Taylor Hall trade.
In the next nine days, Carolina should look to move impending UFAs Jay McClement, Viktor Stalberg and Ron Hainsey.
All three veterans are solid defensive players and penalty killers with cap hits contenders can afford. Sell them off and further stock the cupboard for a bigger move in the future. (Looking to buy, the Blackhawks, Islanders and Penguins have all struggled on the PK.)
To keep interest from waning even further in Raleigh, something must be done to boost the Hurricanes' offence and up the entertainment value.
Simply put: Carolina needs a dynamic scorer, and it has the pieces to swap for one.
“If that's an area of strength and you can address an area of weakness, we'd certainly look at those possibilities,” Francis told ESPN's Pierre LeBrun last week.
“Our philosophy has always been the same: if we're looking at something at this point, it's something that has to make us better now, but also has to make us better in the long haul.”
Eight years is already a long haul.
I think this is a temporary offer only, and I don't have many more details than what is in the product page, but it looks like Acer is making a limited laptop series available now with Ubuntu Linux pre-loaded.You just have to go to a Dick Smith store and look for product code. The picture here is the same as the one on the site, but I am told it's not exactly the same as the model being offered.They are some late 2004 Acer Aspire 4315-100508Ci models, based on an Intel Celeron M 540 1.86GHz Processor, 512MB DDR2 RAM, 80GB 5400 RPM SATA HDD, 14.1" Widescreen Display, DVD+CDRW Combo Drive, Intel Media Accelerator X3100 Graphics Card and wireless LAN.The laptops are running Ubuntu 7.10.What's more interesting is the price: NZ$699, making it a great value when compared to the ASUS Eee PC, which has only a 4 GB flash memory for storage and costs the same.This should be a good introduction to Linux machines if you don't feel inclined to install this system on your own hardware.Other related posts:
The devastatingly powerful photos below are housed on a testimonial site – We Are the 99 Percent – managed by activists at occupywallst.org. It's a site to which I (@David_EHG) will soon be adding my own photo testimony.
Nothing more needs to be said. They speak for themselves...
I am aged, old and frail. I worked and paid taxes all my adult life. Now, I have to choose between medicine and food. It feels like a very slow death. I am the 99%.
--------§--------
I am scared. I am 37 with no job prospects and only Navy disability to survive on with two children. I want to work but no one will hire me. I want to learn but no one will teach me. I spend my days online trying to find some way to earn more than $845 a month, to teach myself new skills, to find a new way of life.
--------§--------
I am a 19-year-old college sophomore. I go to the flagship university in my state, and I can barely afford it. (Like thousands of others in my state, I was promised full tuition if I kept my grades up. I held up my end of the bargain, but apparently that means nothing.) I'm lucky enough to have a job on campus to cover some of my fees.
Even though I work 20 hours/wk, I will still be $8000 in debt by the end of the school year. I want to go to law school. If I get into my first choice, I will be $136,000 in debt by my 25th birthday. (I just want to fight for human rights!) I no longer believe in the “American Dream.” I am the 99%.
--------§--------
--------§--------
My mother is drowning in debt so I can earn a degree that offers no financial security. We are the 99%.
--------§--------
I am a realtor. I do not get unemployment. Last year B of A told my clients they did not quoalify for a loan mod, so they listed with me to sell their homes. Two months later, in Nov of 2010, B of A called all of my clients without telling me promising them they could keep their homes if they paid $2500. B of A LIED and took the houses back anyway, thereby costing me $30,000 in commissions which in turn caused me to default on all of my debt- including my home. I was forced to move in with my parents at the age of 32. I am the 99%.
--------§--------
I bought my house on a “fixed rate” mortgage. My payments go up every 6 months because of adjustments in interest and escrow payments. I'm afraid that I won't be able to afford my house soon. I am the 99%
--------§--------
--------§--------
--------------------------------------
Follow me on Twitter @David_EHG
--------------------------------------
What is a courthouse?
Is it just the courtroom and related offices? Or is it the entire building?
The answer to those questions could have statewide implications, and will likely be answered with litigation as Dallas County Commissioners prepare to meet this Thursday to decide whether they will sue over a ruling by Attorney General Ken Paxton's office.
In a letter issued last month, Paxton's office concluded that Dallas County must remove signs prohibiting concealed carry permit owners from the North Dallas Government Center located at 10056 Marsh Lane.
Dallas County is prepared to challenge the Texas attorney general's ruling about gun restrictions in a building that contains courtrooms.
There's a tax office in that building. There's juvenile probation center. You can get a passport.
But there are also courtrooms, and Dallas County says you can't carry guns into the building because of that. The county believes state law backs them up on that.
Assistant Attorney General Matthew Entsminger didn't follow that logic in a letter addressed to Dallas County Judge Clay Jenkins on March 30:
“...while the government center houses government courts, not all of the offices located in the government center are courts or offices essential to the operation of the courts."Although the county has made a determination that it may lawfully prohibit the carrying of handguns through the entirety of the government center, a reviewing court would likely conclude the county abused its discretion by seeking to protect areas of the multiuse building that are clearly neither a government court nor offices essential to the court.”
The letter from Paxton's office gave the county 15 days to send proof it had removed the signs restricting guns or face a potential lawsuit and fines for failing to comply.
“The AG is saying that it's just the courthouse offices, and our attorneys are saying -- based on legislative history -- that it's the entire building,” said County Commissioner Mike Cantrell, the lone Republican on the court.
Cantrell says while they are pro-gun and has a concealed carry gun license, they support the county's interpretation of the law.
Dallas County is prepared to challenge the Texas attorney general's ruling about gun restrictions in a building that contains courtrooms.
Dallas County leaders also see it as a slippery slope.
If they don't fight it, they could even be forced to permit guns inside the county's criminal and civil courthouses. And that's not an idle concern, given that Paxton's office has issued rulings last month demanding that McLennan and Brazos counties take down the signage at their courthouses.
Similar rulings about other county courthouses across the state are expected to follow.
Dallas County officials told WFAA that it would create a security quagmire given that the civil and criminal courthouses have 200-plus courtrooms between them.
Gun rights advocates like Michael Cargill aren't buying it.
“To me, that sounds like the Dallas County or any other public official is trying to make excuses for why they can't follow the law,” they said. “When there's a law that's passed, me as regular citizen, I have to follow the law... so I expect for my city and government agencies to follow it as well.”
The issue revolves around the question: What is a “premise”?
In 2003, a state law prohibited handguns in the “premises of any government court or offices utilized by the court.” The long-held understanding among many government officials was that it applied to the entire building.
In a series of rulings in December, Attorney General Paxton cast doubt on whether counties and cities could establish blanket bans prohibiting firearms from buildings containing courtrooms and court offices. Paxton concluded that counties could only prohibit those with concealed carry permits from “courtrooms and those offices essential to the operations of courts.”
The opinions, hailed by gun rights advocates, triggered a flurry of complaints from around the state.
Last September, the legislature authorized the state's top law enforcement to sue governmental entities -- like counties and cities -- if they improperly ban firearms in their buildings. It also gave citizens the right to file a complaint with the AG's office.
In early January, a Dallas resident filed a complaint with the attorney general's office over signage at the county building on Marsh Lane. The man wrote in their complaint that they were a concealed handgun license holder who had been forbidden from entering the building with their weapon.
“I'm a law-abiding citizen, and I obey the law, and I feel the county should obey the law, too,” said the man, who asked that WFAA not use their name.
Cargill, the owner of Central Texas Gun Works, filed the complaint that resulted in Austin ending its gun prohibition at City Hall.
Austin's contention was that it could ban firearms because a community court met there once a month.
But Cargill says Austin is still not following the law because concealed carry license holders are being told that they cannot carry weapons into the building. He's filed another complaint with the Attorney General's office, and they promise that they and other gun rights advocates won't quit fighting.
“I anticipate this is going to court,” Cargill said. “I'm just a regular citizen that's tired of state and government entities who are not following the law. We intend on putting a foot on the throat of any state or government agency that's not following the law.”
It's worth noting that guns aren't forbidden in all Dallas County buildings.
The county Health and Human Services building, for example, doesn't contain courts, and so firearms aren't prohibited there.
“We're not trying to limit,” Commissioner Cantrell said. “We're not trying to expand. All we're trying to do is follow the law.”
There seems little doubt that it will a judge in a courtroom who will decide what constitutes a "courthouse."
Copyright 2016 WFAA
By @MichaelCaples –
ROYAL OAK – Cory Snedden needed their right ankle put back together after they were hit by a mortar in Iraq.
That didn't stop them from lacing up skates and giving hockey a try for the first time on July 15.
Snedden, 32, attended a Michigan Warriors practice that day, where they were outfitted with gear and shown the basics of hockey with an individual instructor.
“It was fun,” Snedden said with a smile. “It was a lot of fun being on the ice. I didn't mind falling too much. It was fun, maybe one of these days I'll actually be able to hit the puck or do something out there.”
That day, Snedden was one of more than 20 injured veterans taking part in an organized practice with the Michigan Warriors hockey program. Skill levels vary, but they all share one thing in common – a Purple Heart or other military service-connected disabilities.
Snedden can thank 27-year-old Josh Krajewski for their first hockey experience. Krajewski, who spent two and a half years serving in Iraq and Afghanistan, was told to pick up a sport upon their return to the U.S.
“I picked up hockey as a therapeutic program,” Krajewski said. “I had injured my back in Iraq a couple years ago, and after going through extensive physical therapy, they recommended that I pick up a sport. I always wanted to play ice hockey, and never did grow up. Never had the money or the time; didn't have the time while I was in the army. I'm back home with lots of time now, so I picked it up.
“From square one, I skated five nights a week to learn how to play, found out that not only did it help me with my strength in my back, but it also helped me stay mentally tough as well. Coming out of the military, separating and coming back home, there's a huge transition period for us military guys, us veterans, and it's hard to integrate back home – at least I found that for myself. I found that it was easier to transition on the ice – team sport, competitive atmosphere, you get a little rough on the ice – and I found that was very relatable to being in the military with the same group of guys.”
Two years into their new hockey passion, Krajewski decided it was time to share their experience with other disabled veterans. After reading about the USA Hockey Warriors out of Washington, D.C., Krajewski took it upon themselves to build a similar program in the Mitten. The program they created – the Michigan Warriors – is currently skating every Tuesday night at John Lindell Ice Arena in Royal Oak, and is open to both standing and sled hockey players.
“I met with tons of different veteran service organizations, student veteran groups at local universities, local businesses, and just went through anybody I could find who were disabled veterans who either knew how to play hockey or wanted to come play hockey,” Krajewski said. “We take all guys, whether they're brand-new or they've been playing their whole life, of any disability, doesn't matter what it is, as long as they have a Purple Heart from being injured overseas or they have some service-connected disability from the VA hospital system, come on the ice and come play with us.”
In just three months, they have filled multiple locker rooms full of players and he's already exploring ways the Warriors could expand in the future (like finding a league to play in).
“It's no cost to the guys, we try to find equipment, either donated, used, whatever it is, and give it to the guys that don't have it, and all the money we have for our ice time is paid for by donations and sponsors. All of our coaching staff, they're all volunteers and they come out because they want to give their time to a great cause.”
They're getting help from some of the best on the ice, as well. Gordon Bowman, longtime vice president of coaching for the Michigan Amateur Hockey Association, has been leading a group of volunteer coaches and aides on the ice for the Warriors.
“It's awesome,” Bowman said. “What they've done for our country, what they've given up, it's the least I can do. All of them are really willing, and that also makes it enticing, that these guys want to learn the game as much as they possibly can. I hope it's as great for them as it is for me.”
While Bowman may be on the ice helping out, somebody else has been given the “head coach” title. Randi Brandt, a childhood friend of Krajewski's, has been joining the players on the ice, as well helping off the ice with administrative tasks.
“Josh and I grew up together, and they contacted me when they wanted to put this together kind of as a help with the administrative side,” said Brandt, who grew up playing with boys teams in Redford. “I grew up playing hockey, and I'm also a ref, so with everything that happened, it just kind of came to be that I was on the ice and started making the practices go.
“Giving back is the best thing in the world. Between working with their families and giving them support, to working with the guys, putting smiles back on their faces after over a decade of war, and them losing their identity when they get medically discharged before their time is up or before they want to, they kind of lose who they are, so this is just another way to give these guys a purpose in life.”
Tony Patchell, a 39-year-old Shelby Township resident, said that the donations and funding the program receives makes it possible for them to be out on the ice – something that helps them both mentally and physically.
“It's great,” said Patchell, who was the player that invited Snedden out for their first skate. “Everybody here is disabled, mostly from combat. I just recovered from back surgery. Just having an opportunity to get out here – hockey's an expensive sport, and I think at least half the team is completely disabled vets. We can't work; we just live off disability, so normally hockey would be something that was cost-prohibitive for us. This is helping us out, getting us back active. It's good for our minds, it makes us feel like a team, and it also gets us active, so we can get rid of the guts and gives us something productive to do.”
The team's roster is being filled by word-of-mouth at the moment. Justin Weis, a 33-year-old Rochester resident who did two tours in Iraq, wasn't even sure who organized it, but they were grateful to be there.
“Personally, for me, I know that something I missed was the camaraderie of being in the military,” Weis said. “We get that out here. We all laugh with each other, joke, help each other out, plus it's nice to get out and exercise. It's something really fun to do, and it's a great group of guys.”
Krajewski said they couldn't have asked for more with the rapid growth of the program.
“It's awesome. The turnout, the level of excitement and help I've been getting from all sorts of different organizations; hockey, veterans, whatever it is, even just people that have nothing to do with either, they're like, ‘man, this is a great program, how can I help out?' Seeing all the volunteers come out to help our guys, it's amazing. It's incredible.”
For more information on the Michigan Warriors program, check out their official Facebook page.
Bombs have struck three Afghan cities, including the capital Kabul, killing at least 10 police officers.
In Kabul, a magnetic bomb planted in a flower bed near a university wounded three people, while seven police were killed in eastern Logar province when a suicide bomber blew themselves up at the provincial police headquarters.
In eastern Nangarhar province, three police officers were killed by a bomb planted in a rickshaw, officials said.
Monday's blasts came a day after a Taliban suicide bomber penetrated police headquarters in Kabul killing a senior police officer. Taliban fighters reportedly claimed responsibility for Sunday's attack in the capital.
Kabul is regularly hit by Taliban bombings, with the military, police and government officials among those targeted despite heightening security with multiple checkpoints, guard posts and armed convoys.
In the last major blast, four Afghan soldiers were killed and around a dozen people - including six civilians - wounded when a roadside bomb planted by the Taliban exploded on October 21.
Afghan soldiers and police have taken on the lead role in thwarting the Taliban, but national stability could be at risk as US-led NATO troops pull out.
This year alone more than 4,600 Afghan soldiers and police have been killed in the fighting, according to recent US figures.
Chief Whip Andrew Mitchell is alleged to have told the officers they had "best learn your f------ place" before angrily accusing them of being "f------- plebs".
 They are said to have condemned the officers guarding Number 10 as "morons", leaving bystanders "visibly shocked" by the tirade.
Last night, Mr Mitchell said they had already apologised to the officers involved and admitted they "did not treat the police with the respect they deserve". However they denied using some of the words reported by The Sun.
Their outburst appears to have been prompted by the armed officers' refusal to open the gates in Downing Street to let them cycle through.
A source told the newspaper Mr Mitchell said: “Open this gate, I'm the Chief Whip. I'm telling you - I'm the Chief Whip and I'm coming through these gates.”
The officers declined to do as instructed, and warned them they would be arrested under the Public Order Act if they persisted.
They then began pushing their bike, before telling a PC: “Best you learn your f------ place. You don't run this f------- government.
“You're f------- plebs.”
David Cameron is believed to have been made aware of the incident and "has made it clear they expect the police to be treated with respect at all times.”
Last night, Mr Mitchell said in a statement: “I attempted to leave Downing Street via the main gate, something I have been allowed to do many times before.
“I was told that I was not allowed to leave that way. While I do not accept that I used the words that have been reported, I accept I did not treat the police with the respect they deserve.
“I have seen the supervising sergeant and apologised and will also apologise to the police officer involved.”
Mr Mitchell was appointed to the role of chief whip in this month's Cabinet reshuffle, having previously served as International Development Secretary.
They were nick-named 'Thrasher' while head of house at Rugby School for their robust approach to discipline. They have more recently been dubbed 'Fifty Shades' by backbenchers, after the erotic novel.
The married father-of-two, whose father Sir David Mitchell was a Tory minister under Margaret Thatcher, served as a UN peacekeeper in Cyprus in the 1970s before working in banking.
They served as MP for Gedling in Nottinghamshire for ten years and was Minister for Social Security between 1995 and 1997 before losing the seat in Tony Blair's landslide Labour victory.
After losing their seat they became a director of investment bank Lazard Brothers, a role they retained until 2009.
They returned to the Commons in the 2001 election and was made a minister after the 2010 general election.
A Metropolitan Police spokesperson said that the force had not made a formal complaint about Wednesday's incident.
Responding on Twitter to reports of Mr Mitchell's comments, shadow defence secretary Jim Murphy said: "Some of these Tories are foul mouthed spoilt little brats and now one caught."
From Marc Maron WTF podcast with Kristen Schaal, in which they tell Marc “why they deliberately constructed the most awkward television special possible, as well as how their career changed after Flight of the Conchords, and what it means when casting directors ask for “a Kristen Schaal type.”
KS: We got married in Colorado at the Stanley Hotel… where Steven King wrote "The Shining”… Did you see that documentary, “Room 236”? …You should watch it.
MM: Why, what is it?
KS: It's just some crazy fans who think that Stanley Kubrick — who is a very brilliant genius filmmaker — but they think they left all sorts of codes in “The Shining” about, like, whether or not we actually landed on the moon, and all these crazy things… And it's fun because people think they can find little Easter eggs in things.
MM: And did you buy it? [the premise]
KS: No!
[Talking about the conclusion of their Comedy Central special]
MM: The payoff off for the “Kristen Schaal is a Horse” bit — the very last shot — did you get that from “2001”?
KS: Yeah!
MM: That whole thing is just weird.
KS: Yeah… But it's also a callback to the first joke — did you see the horse?! I don't think people saw the horse. There is a real horse in the opening [of the hour-long show].
MM: There is?! Where?
KS: When I walk through the doors. It's only there for half a second.
MM: You had a horse come in and you only shot it for half a second?!
KS: Yeah. Because I just wanted to plant tiny tiny clues throughout.
MM: Oh, so you're doing “The Shining” thing!
Florida is just four practices in, and installing a new spread offense that will fit the personnel much better is the main agenda.
Florida is taking their time installing the new offense. It has been more about getting lined up correctly and doing it with tempo than installing the full offense, but it will come.
RELATED: What to watch during Florida's spring practice
How much can you really learn from four practices? Two players are already standing out in rising sophomore wide receiver Chris Thompson and rising sophomore defensive lineman Joey Ivie.
Thompson played in seven games as a first-year student and made just two catches for 13 yards. They stand just 6-0, 167 pounds, and he's perfect for Florida's spread attack under Kurt Roper. Thompson is grabbing the slot position and not looking back. He's had a big spring thus far, and he's been tough to cover and has been coming down with tough catches. That bodes well for a major increased role in 2014.
Rising sophomore Joey Ivie played in three games last season, and they burnt their redshirt towards the end of the season because of Florida's injury concerns. Ivie has put on weight, and they have been a standout through the first four practices. With tackle Leon Orr out, Ivie could win a starting job, and he's been rather dominant and disruptive to start. The sophomore could really make a major impact in 2014, and at the very least he'll help with defensive line depth.
Other practice notes:
Vernon Hargreaves has continued to look like the best player on the field (which they are).
Jeff Driskel struggled with their accuracy in Monday's practice.
Will Grier has been playing well, and they struggled for the first time Monday.
Max Garcia is playing well at center. They moved from guard.
The first-team offensive line has been LT DJ Humphries, LG Trip Thurman, C Max Garcia, RG Tyler Moore and RT Trenton Brown.
WR Demarcus Robinson has played well and looked like the best receiver on the field.
Safety Marcel Harris looks 100 percent recovered from their knee injury and is playing well. Harris could win the safety job opposite Marcus Maye.
Photo Credit: Kim Klement-USA TODAY Sports
Since the crisis, the Dodd-Frank Act increased transparency in many derivatives – a good thing. But it also made a complex system of bank and nonbank regulators more complex and created a class of systemically important banks (and even non-banks), codifying “too big to fail.” It did not – nor did other legislation – seriously address reform of housing finance or direct the central bank to focus more on financial stability. Writing the Act's web of rules will take years. Globally, an emphasis on higher capital requirements leaves open questions of how one measures the risks taken against that capital – recall the sovereign bonds were deemed “riskless” for that purpose before the crisis – or how to limit the incentive for “shadow banking” forms of intermediation to grow outside more heavily regulated sectors.
One key reason for skepticism that policy has put us on a course toward financial stability is that we have treated the loose ends of the financial crisis as technical problems to be solved …
If proprietary trading by financial institutions is risky – though such risk-taking paled alongside old-fashioned bad lending before the crisis – ban it.
If taxpayers and investors lost money in the crisis, force institutions to hold much larger amounts of capital to mitigate future losses.
If securitization led to losses, force mortgage originators to hold more “skin in the game.”
… and so on.
This technical approach misses two big things. First, it fails to focus adequately on trade-offs: between lower risk taking and economic growth; between higher capital requirements and growth in shadow banking; between reduced risk of securitization and benefits of securitization in the cost of funds. We lack a policy framework for assessing these trade-offs. Dodd-Frank's Financial Stability Oversight Council will not accomplish this discussion.
Second, it fails to consider structural and organizational changes in financial regulation, as opposed to technical remedies. A technical approach is akin to generals fighting the last war. The next crisis may well not start in the housing market. But financial history teaches us about the perils of a range of large credit booms, opening the door for broad questions about how regulation can be more streamlined and how to make policymakers more aware of emerging developments in financial markets and institutions. And organizational change, too: For example, should the Federal Reserve have a mandate for financial stability that would force Fed officials to be more vigilant as financial excesses mount? While taking away the proverbial punch bowl is never easy, the Fed's independence is a big plus here. Of course, conventional monetary policy tools are blunt for this purpose, but the Fed has – or could have – others, such as capital rules, maximum loan-to-value ratios for mortgages, or rules on “haircuts” in repo transactions. There are many views on how to sort out this broader discussions, but many groups are doing so, including the Committee on Capital Markets Regulation, which I co-chair.
Get the biggest Middlesbrough FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
BORO'S search for a new keeper has become more urgent following Connor Ripley's England call-up.
With Jason Steele expected to be named in Stuart Pearce's Team GB Olympic squad, Tony Mowbray will be down to just one senior goalie for most pre-season.
The first team squad begin their preparations for next season on July 5, five weeks before the opening game against Bury at Gigg Lane.
Ripley will be one of the players absent from the Rockliffe Park reunion because England are taking part in the Under-19 European Championships, staged in Estonia from July 3-15.
If England goes all the way in the competition, Ripley won't be available to Boro until Monday, July 16, at the earliest.
That's the same week that Team GB will be preparing for the their Olympic warm-up fixture against Brazil at the Riverside on July 20.
Steele is looking odds on to be part of Pearce's 18-man squad for the Olympic tournament, which starts on July 26 and finishes with the final on August 11, the same day as Boro's Capital One Cup tie at Bury.
It's inconceivable that Mowbray will want to go through pre-season with just one senior keeper at their disposal, so he'll be trying hard to recruit a replacement for Danny Coyne in the two weeks before pre-season training starts.
Boro do have some talented goalies in their Academy, including 18-year-old James Montgomery and Luke Coddington, aged 17.
But Mowbray will be reluctant to expose them too soon and is hoping to sign a new keeper as soon as possible.
Boro's first scheduled pre-season fixture is at Falkirk on July 22 followed by a week-long tour then games at Hartlepool, Carlisle, York and Scunthorpe.
England Under-19s will play their first European Championship Group B game in Tallinn on Tuesday, July 3, when they take on Croatia.
Serbia provides the opposition for the next game in Rakvere, on Friday, July 6.
England's final opponents in their group are France and the game takes place back in Tallinn on Monday, July 9.
Ripley has been a regular member of Noel Blake's squad though didn't get any game time in the qualifying games played in England last month.
Leroy Graves was born the son of sharecroppers 70-odd years ago in rural Pittsylvania County.
So hard-pressed was their struggling family that they spent most of their childhood in the region's famous tobacco fields — and by the age of 10 they knew more about pulling weeds and picking worms and beetles than reading or writing.
That left them miserable and confused when their mother moved their children back to their family home near Williamsburg, then enrolled their ill-prepared son in the fifth grade.
Three years later Graves gave up, and they shake their head today as they recall returning to the fields and the decade of odd jobs that followed. They sigh as they describe rushing from early morning and afternoon shifts as a cook and dishwasher to evening work as a maintenance man — yet still having so many bills as the head of growing family that they became a weekend mechanic.
Life didn't get easier when they joined a Colonial Williamsburg maintenance crew at the age of 23 in 1967.
Even after being elevated into an art handler, they still ran short on cash, and by late 1973 they were ready to leave when they received an unexpected promotion.
CAPTION It took hammering through 5 inches of modern concrete to discover the completely undisturbed and preserved section of original wall on the western end of what would have been the 1617 church at Jamestown Friday January 25, 2019. It took hammering through 5 inches of modern concrete to discover the completely undisturbed and preserved section of original wall on the western end of what would have been the 1617 church at Jamestown Friday January 25, 2019. CAPTION It took hammering through 5 inches of modern concrete to discover the completely undisturbed and preserved section of original wall on the western end of what would have been the 1617 church at Jamestown Friday January 25, 2019. It took hammering through 5 inches of modern concrete to discover the completely undisturbed and preserved section of original wall on the western end of what would have been the 1617 church at Jamestown Friday January 25, 2019. CAPTION Jamestown archaeologist work on filling in two years of work and discovery at the Jamestown Church excevation site Wednesday October 24, 2018. Jamestown archaeologist work on filling in two years of work and discovery at the Jamestown Church excevation site Wednesday October 24, 2018. CAPTION A new nearly 50-acre tract purchase by the American Battlefield Trust for $5.64 million in its second-ever the biggest acquisition is closely linked to the French troops and artillery that joined Washington and American forces in defeating British Gen. Lord Charles Cornwallis at the 1781 Siege of Yorktown. A new nearly 50-acre tract purchase by the American Battlefield Trust for $5.64 million in its second-ever the biggest acquisition is closely linked to the French troops and artillery that joined Washington and American forces in defeating British Gen. Lord Charles Cornwallis at the 1781 Siege of Yorktown. CAPTION Civil War earthworks on Fort Eustis have remained largely untouched and are some of best-preserved landmarks of the 1862 Peninsula Campaign. Fort Eustis Cultural Resources Manager Christopher L. McDaid and Lee Hall Mansion historian J. Michael Moore will be leading a public tour of the sites October 6. Civil War earthworks on Fort Eustis have remained largely untouched and are some of best-preserved landmarks of the 1862 Peninsula Campaign. Fort Eustis Cultural Resources Manager Christopher L. McDaid and Lee Hall Mansion historian J. Michael Moore will be leading a public tour of the sites October 6. CAPTION Reenactors gathered at Endview Plantation Saturday to recreate the Battle of Chaffin's Farm, which was part of the Siege of Petersburg during the Civil War. The event featured artillery and cavalry demonstrations and will continue Sunday with the Battle of Peebles' Farm. Reenactors gathered at Endview Plantation Saturday to recreate the Battle of Chaffin's Farm, which was part of the Siege of Petersburg during the Civil War. The event featured artillery and cavalry demonstrations and will continue Sunday with the Battle of Peebles' Farm.
No one suspected then that this unconventional gamble on a promising but untrained assistant conservator would pay off in the spectacular way that followed.
Not only did Graves become an integral part of the pioneering team that helped revolutionize the care of period furniture in the United States but they also emerged as the preeminent upholstery conservator in the country.
"Leroy came from a very modest background," CW collections and museums chief Ronald L. Hurst says.
"But he's keenly intelligent. He's intellectually curious. He's very hard-working — and they have this remarkable ability to look at the evidence left by the past until they understand what very few people can see.
Colonial Williamsburg showcases the pioneering detective work of upholstery conservator Leroy Graves in a new exhibit that explores how their ground-breaking methods of deciphering period evidence redefined the field of historic upholstery conservation. -- Mark St. John Erickson
"Those things have combined to make them the finest upholstery conservator in North America."
Early trials
Graves was born in south central Virginia's tobacco belt just north of Danville.
With its sprawling fields and scattered farm houses, the only things that set the hamlet of Long Island apart were a grocery store and a train stop.
"It's not really a town. It's barely a place on the map," Graves says.
"It looks the same today as it did when I was a kid. I still have family there."
With their father often absent because of their chronic scrapes with the law, the support those relatives gave Graves and their family proved crucial.
So did the hours they spent toiling in the fields.
"I still remember the first silver-dollar bill I brought home," Graves says.
"I was 8 years old, and it was the proudest thing I ever owned."
Still, after several years of hardship their mother moved their children back to their family neighborhood off Penniman Road near Williamsburg, where they soon got a job working at Chowning's Tavern.
Leroy went to school regularly for the first time, entering fifth grade despite having something less than a first-grade education.
Three years passed before they gave up on a deeply discouraging struggle.
"It was a tough time," they say.
"I'm still not as good a reader as I'd like to be — and it gets aggravating whenever I run into a word that's unfamiliar."
Returning to Long Island, the 16-year-old Graves tried their hand at sharecropping, laboring alongside their father to extract a living from 58.5 acres.
But their experiment didn't last.
"I told my dad, 'This doesn't add up. I want to get paid by the week.' And I didn't get paid," Graves says.
"So I left."
Treadmill
Exactly how long Graves struggled to make ends meet while working a long string of odd and part-time jobs around Williamsburg is hard to determine.
Over some 10 years, they toiled as a dishwasher, a cook, a maintenance man, a mechanic and a highway construction worker, plus many other short-lived positions, they say.
Always they had to put two or three low-paying jobs together in order to pay their bills — especially after they married and had children.
Without the encouragement their mother provided, they might not have made it.
"She was my friend. They were my cheerleader — even when we were struggling to put food on the table," they say.
"She had more confidence in me than I did — and they always said I would be something special."
Still, the future didn't look much brighter when Graves started working on a CW maintenance crew, where their tasks included paving the streets in the Historic Area.
Small in stature, they thought they would last only a few weeks.
But their intelligence and work ethic so impressed their supervisor that they sent Graves over to the collections department, where they soon began attracting notice for the care and attention with which they handled even the most lowly objects.
Nearly seven years passed, however, before Graham Hood, the foundation's new head of collections, told newly appointed furniture curator Wallace Gusler to, "Keep any eye on Leroy. Give them some projects. Test them and see how they do," Gusler recalls.
"The thing about Leroy is that — even when they were an art handler — they were always very diligent and careful. They would clean things when they had nothing to do.
"So I put them to work polishing and coating swords and they were very thorough, very careful and very gentle. That's something you can't teach."
New ground
Hood and Gusler's appointments in the early 1970s marked the beginning of a revolution at Colonial Williamsburg — and Graves soon found themselves working as part of the pioneering team that dramatically revamped the dated interpretation of the furnishings at the Governor's Palace, then rethought and reassessed hundreds of antique pieces in preparation for exhibit at the new DeWitt Wallace Decorative Arts Museum.
"No one else came close to the way we were rethinking these objects and changing ideas about how they should look and be treated, " Gusler says.
"We were leaders in the field — and it was like being on the frontier."
Though the untrained Graves began by learning basic skills, their keen eye and responsive hands combined with Gusler's step-by-step tutelage to make them a quick study, then unusually adept at such demanding tasks as wood carving.
But by far their most important contribution came as Gusler, Hood and other newly hired curators such as Margaret Pritchard began challenging the way that upholstered period furniture had been treated and made to look by even the finest museums and collectors.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The BMA's Dr Chaand Nagpaul says naming and shaming is not the answer
GPs with a poor record in spotting signs of cancer could be publicly named under new government plans.
Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt wants to expose doctors whose failure to spot cancer may delay sending patients for potentially life-saving scans.
Labour called the idea "desperate" and accused Mr Hunt of attacking doctors.
The Royal College of GPs said it would be a "crude" system and one that could lead to GPs sending people to specialists indiscriminately.
It warned this could result in flooding hospitals with healthy people.
The move is part of the health secretary's plans to make the NHS more transparent.
Ranking GP surgeries on how quickly they spot cases of cancer and refer patients for treatment is among proposals being considered.
Image caption Jeremy Hunt says more needs to be done to improve cancer detection
The information could eventually be published on the NHS website.
This follows a survey for the NHS last year, which suggested that more than a quarter of people eventually diagnosed with cancer had seen their GP at least three times before being sent to a specialist.
If you simply name and shame GPs, the tendency would be for us to refer everyone Chaand Nagpaul, BMA
"We need to do much better," the health secretary told the Mail on Sunday.
"Cancer diagnosis levels around the country vary significantly and we must do much more to improve both the level of diagnosis and to bring those GP practices with poor referral rates up to the standards of the best."
Doctors found to be missing too many cases of cancer or with patients who are forced to make repeated visits before being referred for tests would be marked with a red flag.
A patient's story
Susan has a sister with terminal cancer.
They told the BBC: "My sister was first told they had a prolapsed womb, then piles.
"By the time they were seen by an oncologist, eight months had elapsed.
"She has terminal squamous cell anal cancer - completely curable if caught early enough.
"She is 62, and now has a few months to live.
"One of the classic mistakes the GP made was to diagnose anal bleeding as piles. It wasn't - it was the tumour.
"This doctor has condemned my sister to a year, so far, of terrible suffering and a death which is too dreadful to contemplate, when they could have been completely cured.
"Prognosis is something like 96% complete cure if treated early."
Susan believes their sister's GP should be "named and shamed" but thinks each case should be considered on an individual basis.
"As a retired teacher, I know what being continually maligned, judged, overlooked and overloaded can do to morale and performance," they added.
Those found with quick referral times for patients would be given a green rating.
Shadow health minister Jamie Reed said the government would not take responsibility for problems it had created in the NHS.
"David Cameron wasted billions on a re-organisation nobody wanted and left cancer patients waiting longer for tests and treatment. They should be ashamed of their own record - not attacking doctors," they said.
"This government has thrown away progress made on cancer care. It is proof of why the Tories can't be trusted with the NHS."
'Clog up clinics'
Dr Chaand Nagpaul, chair of the British Medical Association general practitioners committee, said to name and shame doctors would not help patients.
They said it was important to understand why there were delays in making referrals and to raise public awareness about the signs and symptoms of cancer.
"We need to look at the whole system and if you simply name and shame GPs, the tendency would be for us to refer everyone," they told the BBC.
"And that can be a disadvantage because if we clog up hospital outpatient clinics, we'll get patients who need to see their specialist actually having to wait longer."
Image copyright PA Image caption Conservative MP Sarah Wollaston called for increased spending on the NHS
Conservative MP Sarah Wollaston, a former GP who chairs the Commons health select committee, said the government needed to be careful not to wrongly label people as "poor doctors".
They too warned there was a danger of automatically referring everyone to a specialist and creating "impossibly long waiting lists", which could harm those needing to be seen urgently.
Rising demand
Dr Wollaston added that they could not see how GPs could maintain current levels of service amid rising demand without a funding injection.
"The NHS budget has been protected in line with background inflation but that does not keep pace with inflation in health costs from rising demand and demographic changes," they said.
"I don't want to see any reduction in services. I would like to see further improvements and that will require an increase in funding."
Dr Wollaston joined Conservative former health secretary Stephen Dorrell and Lib Dem former health minister Paul Burstow in calling for increased funding for the NHS.
Mr Burstow warned that the NHS was in danger of collapse within five years without extra spending. They said the health service needed an extra £15bn over that period in order to function properly.
Mr Dorrell said they would be ashamed if the government failed to increase NHS funding at a time when the economy was growing.
"I am in favour of the government not denying what 5,000 years of history tells us is true, which is that every time a society gets richer it spends a rising share of its income on looking after the sick and the vulnerable," they told The Observer.
State media reported Monday that 197 people had been punished in a special campaign against spreading false information over the internet.
Two of the rumors allegedly circulating were that a "man jumped to their death in Beijing due to the stock market slump," and that "at least 1,300 people were killed in the Tianjin blasts."
The official death toll in the August 12 explosions at warehouses for hazardous chemicals in the port city Tianjin is 150.
The Xinhua state-run news agency cited the Public Security Ministry as saying that 165 online accounts were closed in the campaign's latest phase, but did not specify over what period of time nor what punishments had been meted out to offenders.
The Chinese government maintains an uneasy relationship with the internet and regularly institutes controls over digital traffic.
Financial journalist 'confesses'
In other news, a financial journalist is reported to have "confessed" to causing "panic and disorder" on China's stock market and inflicting "huge losses on the country," Xinhua reported Sunday.
Wang Xiaolu, a journalist with Caijing magazine, was detained by Chinese authorities following China's recent stock market crash. They had written a story in July saying the securities regulator was studying plans for government funds to exit the market.
Regulators quickly denied the Caijing story, labeling it "irresponsible." But Caijing said it "defended journalists' rights to do their duty under the law," according to a statement posted on its website.
China's state media regularly carries what it presents as confessions of suspects in high-profile criminal chases.
jar/jr (AFP, AP)
An Ola Cabs customer has posted a note on Facebook alleging that the company has been sending a barrage of SMS alerts, which bear the information of other users, such as their name, phone numbers, and other ride information.
The post claims that Ola has been sending hundreds of SMSes over several days now, despite the fact that they called the Ola customer service number to complain about this already.
We reached out to Ola on Saturday, and on Monday, the company confirmed that this was happening because the customer's number was entered in the wrong database. "There has been a manual error on the entry of a driver's device number on our system, which is deeply regretted," the company stated, and added, "We have fixed this instance by deleting the number from our database and are putting in place a verification procedure as well to avoid such instances in the future. We value the privacy of our users and will continue to take utmost care in terms of data security on the Ola platform."
The texts are sent from 'VM-OLACAB', and while the text appears garbled, when you look at it carefully, you see words like lat and lng, which likely mean latitude and longitude. Many of the numbers start with '14', or just slightly north of Chennai, not too far from where Midha lives.
Midha, a 25-year-old freelance content writer started getting these messages three weeks ago, and has gotten over 300 messages from Ola at all odd hours; the spam finally stopped on Sunday, after Midha took to Facebook and Twitter to complain. Aside from the lat and lng information in messages, Midha also sent us more messages they had received, which contained names, addresses, and phone numbers in plain text.
As Ola's statement clarifies, the messages were supposed to be for drivers, possibly as a backup system so that the app will be able to receive customer location information for pickups even when the Internet connection is down. Midha's number was mistakenly added to a database of drivers instead of customers, leading to the hundreds of messages.
That such an error is possible is worrying; in this instance, Midha hasn't misued the information they were getting, and drawn attention to it. But someone else might not have done the same thing. It's important to note that this is not the first time there has been an instance of a potential data leak at Ola. In June, Ola was allegedly hacked, although the company denied the charge.
A hacker group had claimed that user information and credit card data was compromised. Ola eventually responded that there was no lapse, stating:
There has been no security lapse, whatsoever to any user data. The alleged hack seems to have been performed on a staging environment when exposed for one of our test runs. The staging environment is on a completely different network compared to our production environment, and only has dummy user values exclusively used for internal testing purposes. We confirm that there has been no attempt by the hackers to reach out to us in this regard. Security and privacy of customer data is paramount to us at Ola.
However, even if this is true, it meant that while no data was exposed, at least part of Ola's infrastructure was not designed with security in mind. This latest incident highlights the same mindset, as a phone number wrongly entered into a database without a system for verification was leaking huge amounts of personal data.
This is a sensitive time for Ola; the Delhi Government rejected Ola's license application, though, at the time of writing, it is still possible to find a few cars running on the service in Delhi. With rival Uber investing $1 billion in India, and expanding beyond metros, Ola is facing real competition.
Perhaps as a result, it has announced that its Ola Money wallet is being integrated with new partners, such as Oyo Rooms, Lenskart, and Saavn. It's an interesting move, as it transitions Ola towards being less of a cab company, but the greater focus on payments is also going to call for a greater focus on security and privacy, and that's something that Ola needs to demonstrate - quickly.
Starting in December, Idir Makhlaf (pictured left), will step away from live touring as part of Blasterjaxx to become fully focused on their studio work from home. The decision to leave all touring duties to Thom Jongkind wasn't an easy one as they expressed the journey that led to this tough decision in a lengthy Facebook post today. You can read the full press statement below:
"PRESS STATEMENT
A message from Idir
I have not been feeling well for a while. And when I say a while I mean the better part of the last year. Pretty much I've been feeling pretty awful for the most part of the three years we've been conquering the world with Blasterjaxx but its only recently that I've really been able to pinpoint what's been going on.
At first I was so caught up in the insanity of instantaneous success that I didn't notice. I drank more, slept less, ate worse you know…the ‘usual'. As a result I felt – naturally – I had less time to work out, speak with friends and family and also less time to put in the much-needed hours of production work.
I like to think I'm a professional and so the level of stress I initially felt from the pressure to keep everything going I brushed off as ‘part of the job'. And so you carry on. The fact that the anxiety I was starting to feel when new dates were looming was becoming increasingly bigger is just something I pushed to the side – there was a job to be done after all…
And even when I couldn't see it myself - I am surrounded with a good team of people, who were pointing out that drinking while having a lung infection and being on antibiotics wasn't a healthy choice, that the excuses I started to voice for not getting on a flight were verging on the ridiculous. But they all made sense to me at the time. Basically I was becoming a bit of an asshole to the people around me.
We tried all kinds of things to reduce the anxiety and stress, from touring less, putting in more free time, taking more expensive but more relaxing travel options. We build the studio we felt we missed on the road, I bought the house I needed as my own place to call home, I moved my girlfriend from the states to the Netherlands. It helped initially, I felt better but the idea of being on the road was suffocating me… I just could not think straight and my spells home were just there to help me recover ever so slightly before needing to go back on the road. I LOVE performing, if only there was a Scotty to beam me from home to stage I'd be all for that.
And then it hit me…my first panic attack…I couldn't breathe…my head was spinning and I had to go on stage in less than an hour…I didn't know if I wanted to faint or throw up. The doctor came and ordered me to run around the block a few times. And prescribed me some pills…the runs helped but the pills felt GREAT. That was a fantastic solution! Now I took some pills before the flight too! And then BAM in the car on the road just back home not even touring…another panic attack…At this point I didn't even need to do many more dates before we were to have another month off…I started not sleeping at home, what if the pills were the only thing that could keep me going, what if the fans saw I could not really keep it together, that I felt I was going insane…what if, what if…
Ultimately it was my manager who sat me down and made me take a good look at myself and my situation. We spoke about physical and mental health and how much of that is still a taboo in our world. Pretty soon after I figured out that actually to be able to continue with Blasterjaxx I needed to step back and get off the road. Physically and mentally I am not wired to be on the road like this and I need to make the right decision before things start going wrong past a point of no return. I don t want to be one of those guys, cancelling dates and checking into hospital with ‘exhaustion'. It s a heavy decision, not just for me but also for Thom, who I've shared this whole journey with and who has supported me throughout all this.
Blasterjaxx will always be Thom and me, just that our roles will change. From December onwards Thom will take the stage as Blasterjaxx by themselves and we'll continue the studio work together as before, just that I ll be doing my bits strictly from the studio at home. We've completely synched our studio set ups to ensure we can continue our integrated production process as before and I know Thom will be kicking ass on the stage like they always do.
I know that I am opening myself to criticism, that there are still many that expect you to just ‘man up', that there will be people trying to take advantage. But having experienced the real challenge of maintaining a healthy body and mind; opening up like this is the least I can do to keep you all informed about what's really going on. I know I will be ok – I have the best partner/team and most of all fans in the world.
Thom: Everyone who knows us, knows how close we are. Me and Idir are brothers for life, and even though I am sad that I won't have Idir with me on the road every single day it was killing me to see idir go through what they were going through and I am glad we've found a solution. We really need this new set up to ensure the growing future for Blasterjaxx, to allow our sound to evolve to something even bigger and better and to ensure the endurance of the Blasterjaxx sound, but most importantly to ensure Idir's health.
Note from mgmt: Blasterjaxx will perform as a duo for all dates until November 28th."
Major kudos for Idir for taking the tough step to open up to fans in this manner.
The past few years have been tough on major big room duo's starting with the tragic loss of a member of The Bingo Players, then the unfortunate news of one half of Dada Life contracting cancer, and now Blasterjaxx. I wish Idir and Thom the best and hope Blasterjaxx remains as strong as ever in the future.
As Les Dawson proved with such precision, any fool can play the piano badly, but it takes real skill to play it brilliantly badly. Similarly, Morecambe and Wise knew that the perfect way to mangle “Grieg's piano concerto by Grieg” was to play “all the right notes, but not necessarily in the right order”. Now, to the august list of superbly maladroit comedic musicians we may add Meryl Streep, who takes centre stage in this very likable, frequently hilarious, yet still poignant tragi-comedy from director Stephen Frears. Streep plays the titular songbird, a New York socialite and eager patron of the arts whose enthusiasm for a good tune is matched only by their inability to sing one. Not that it stops them from trying. Inspired by the “profound communion” of a performance by soprano Lily Pons, Madame Florence resumes their own singing lessons, their private recitals leading to 78rpm recordings and even an October 1944 concert at Carnegie Hall, which has since passed into legend.
The real Florence Foster Jenkins was one of those larger than life characters you just couldn't make up. No wonder, then, that they have inspired numerous theatrical and cinematic productions. Preparing to play the “diva of din” on stage in Peter Quilter's 2005 play Glorious!, Maureen Lipman called their story “one of triumph over embarrassment”, and insisted that one must “learn to sing well before you can sing badly”. Earlier this year, Catherine Frot won the best actor César for playing a fictionalised version of “the first lady of the sliding scale” in Marguerite, a film whose central character's name, “Marguerite Dumont”, alludes to the longstanding comic foil of the Marx Brothers' movies. Frears themselves says that Jenkins “reminded me of Margaret Dumont… just preposterous, but touching at the same time”, an assessment that perfectly sums up both Streep's performance and the overall tone of Frears's film.
Working from a screenplay by Nicholas Martin, Florence Foster Jenkins stays fancifully faithful to true events, following Jenkins's rehearsals with pianist Cosmé McMoon in the run-up to the big show, which will fulfil their lifelong ambition. As McMoon, The Big Bang Theory's Simon Helberg is perfectly cast, an accomplished pianist whose nervous laugh not only echoes Tom Hulce's cackle in Amadeus, but also weirdly mirrors the shriek with which Streep hits a high C. Hugh Grant is on career-best form as Florence's partner/manager St Clair Bayfield, a self-proclaimed “eminent actor and monologist” (he has performed Hamlet many times, although sadly “not as yet in the principal role”) whose recitals provide an appetiser to Jenkins's own thrillingly bonkers tableaux vivants – winged set pieces mounted for the “Verdi Club”. For years, Bayfield has protected Florence from “the mockers and scoffers”, soothing their anxieties about the shortage of chives in their potato salad (“unconscionable I know, but they tell me there is a war on”), and ensuring that any criticism of their singing is couched in euphemism (“One word – authenticity!”). But when Carnegie Hall looms, so too does the spectre of the “hoodlum element”, not to mention the New York Post columnist Earl Wilson, superbly thumbnailed by Christian McKay.
There's a touch of Woody Allen in Frears's unfussy handling of the period setting (Liverpool doubling handsomely for 1940s New York), but I was also reminded of Tim Burton's Ed Wood, another film rooted in affectionate admiration for a much-mocked subject. Just as Wood became celebrated for directing Plan 9 From Outer Space, labelled “the worst movie ever made”, so Jenkins is called “the worst goddamn singer in the world” by those who scorn their atonal appeal.
Florence Foster Jenkins: we may laugh, but to be this bad took talent Read more
But Burton evidently loved Wood, and Frears has clearly fallen for Jenkins too. And who wouldn't? As played by Streep, they are a heroic figure, made physically fragile by syphilis (a wedding gift from their former husband) but strengthened by a love of music which turns a deaf ear to their own shortcomings. Like Streep's later-life Thatcher in The Iron Lady, Jenkins becomes “an eloquent lesson in fidelity and courage”, whatever one may think of their work and legacy.
Amid the joy, there are hints that Jenkins's friends are only in it for the money. In one pointed exchange, David Haig's ever-so-slightly slimy vocal coach Carlo Edwards conspiratorially tells Bayfield: “She spoils us all, doesn't she?” But while the more formally adventurous Marguerite posited the absence of a husband's love as central to its hero's madness, Frears's film affords Grant's silver fox an air of love and devotion to their “bunny”, even as their extracurricular “sport” takes them away from them At times I found myself wiping away a tear, genuinely moved by their “very happy world”. More rigorous critics may sneer – I say “Bravo!”
I recently read a biography of Martin Luther, Protestant Reformer and founder of Lutheranism, by theologian Martin Marty. Luther was an intellectual and a spiritual seeker. They were a lot better at asking questions than answering them. They got involved with political, cultural and social issues they aren't really equipped to deal with.
There were more things going on in the world in the 1500's than the disputes of a few German princes with the Pope. As it is now, it was a time of Islamic aggression. The Turks had been invading Europe for centuries- they had conquered Constantinople and finished off the Byzantine Empire less than a hundred years earlier. The threat was active and the Pope wanted Europeans to set aside their theological arguments, which involved others than Luther, and unite militarily to defeat the Islamic menace.
Luther said no. War was wrong, they said, and while individual princes might raise armies to fight defensively for their territory, another Crusade would be immoral and they would not support any offensive or preemptive action against the Turks.
It is widely agreed in the West that preemptive warfare is wrong. This has been relaxed in recent years with the Iraq war, over vociferous opposition from liberals. But why is preemption wrong? If someone is planning on attacking you, why shouldn't you attack them first, eliminate the threat, and keep the damage on their territory rather than yours? Setting aside any debate over WMDs, the Turks had been attacking Christian territory for centuries, and it was obvious they planned to continue.
Christianity at that time was not pacifistic and had not been for a millenia. As Christianity became the religion of the rulers, and the new Islamic empire threatened, some adjustments needed to be made. Being a soldier and fighting was not wrong as long as it was done for a legitimate purpose. The epic poem “Beowulf” is an example of this. On one level Beowulf is a Germanic warrior of the pagan old school, chopping up monsters and dozens of foes with their sword when he's not killing them with their bare hands. But they are a man of generous spirit and self-control who fights to protect others, not only for their own glory. When Unferth insults him, they are entitled by the rules of the time to kill him; but they turn aside the “dis” with a story of their own accomplishment.
The code of chivalry addressed this formally. A society with an outside threat needed professional warriors. Such men might abuse and take advantage of others. The code told them that quite the opposite, they should protect the weak and be kind to them, using their strength to protect them from evil people. The “white knight” so derided of “game” enthusiasts, the strong but well-mannered gentleman, is not pathetic and foolish but the greatest ideal of Christian and Western civilization.
But Luther was a petty man. They couldn't bear to help Catholic and Orthodox Christians, as compromise would make them look weak. What did it matter if they were killed or enslaved by Moslem Turks, if it made their political and theological position relatively stronger?
There is a widespread belief among “alt-right” people that 1) Jews are the enemy 2) Moslems hate Jews so 3) Moslems are really our friends and we should support them and not fight them. This is false logic. The enemy of your enemy might be your friend, but they are more likely your enemy also! People who are enemies of one are usually enemies of most.
Pacifists aren't usually actual turn the other cheek people. They are against other people defending themselves. They do this selectively and tactically to use the far enemy to weaken their near enemy. And Martin Luther was the man who started all this.
Advertisements
SportyFi Alpha version — ready for internal testing
SportyFi was always about developing a platform. And we are developing the platform as we speak. So how far along are we?
SportyCo Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 19, 2017
Setting up a crowdsourcing investment platform is not a trivial task — so it's a good thing that the development team, lead by Blaz, has quite the track record in developing platforms used by a massive amount of users. The SportyFi platform, in its current state, is now available for internal testing — both for our quality assurance team and for our advisors and ambassadors. As there are many features still missing, we can't call it a beta — but we are comfortable calling it a “strong alpha”. ☺
So… what is already done?
Athletes, clubs and organizations can already create a profile and create crowdsourcing campaigns. The cornerstone when creating the profile is the KYC check, which is fully implemented and functional. We consider this function as the crucial part for the security of the investors.
Investors and supporters can also create a profile, and the KYC system is in place for investors and supporters as well, to ensure the integrity of the platform on both the investor and the athlete/club's end of the platform.
A comprehensive profile page is already set up, so everyone participates can set up a proper presentation of themselves and himself.
But, the more important part: what still needs to be done?
The blockchain integration is not set up yet. The SportyFi smart contract on the Ethereum blockchain is set up and will be deployed for the token crowdsale. After the distribution of the SPF Tokens to Contributors, we will integrate the SPF Token ecosystem into the platform.
All texts on the website will of course be updated, by us and by the participants in the SportyFi ecosystem. The texts currently used are temporary and are set up just for the sake of testing. We are heavily relying on lorem ipsum at the moment — this will of course not be the case at the launch of the platform.
Updates and improvements to all existing elements will be implemented. As we add additional elements to the platform, we will have to update existing systems to ensure a smooth operation and a consistent experience on the SportyFi platform.
And what is the timeline from now on?
The current platform is a good tool for internal testing and further evolution of the platform. We know many of you are eager to test the platform: we are working towards making it public. By the end of the year, a closed beta of the platform will be ready — and then, we will invite a sizeable part of the SportyFi community to participate in the testing. And the most important part, we are on track for a Q1 2018 launch of the final version of the SportyFi platform.
Check out the platform video and some additional images:
My father, as most fathers do, taught me how to perform masculinity and who was "allowed" to be masculine. They assumed only people assigned male at birth could be masculine. They taught me that being a man meant protecting your masculinity in extreme ways. They expressed verbal discomfort around the fact that I could beat up boys. He'd tell me that these boys would eventually become men, and I would be put into my place. To prove this to me, one day they snapped after my brother and I had a scuffle. They grabbed me and held my hands behind my back. They directed my brother to hit me as I was restrained. On my knees and unable to defend myself, my brother wept as they punched and kicked me.
At the start of my medical transition, I needed a man who was comfortable with their body, sexuality and masculinity to be in my life. I wanted support in matters dealing with sex, as well as my physical and emotional changes due to hormone replacement therapy. I was looking for a father-type figure. After some searching and a few problematic and lackluster experiences with male therapists, I fathered myself. I learned how to shave my face. I excitedly flaunted my new body hair to the Internet. I embarrassingly watched a lot of bad porn.
The more I passed as male, the harder it became to get close to men in my life. I've felt pressure to perform a masculine person's specific brand of masculinity, or affirm them, in order to have a bond with them. This type of set-up does not feel authentic to me. While I didn't find a dad during my male puberty, I was helped a lot by a friend. Kent is a cisgender, straight male who helped me simply by holding space for my transformations, feelings, queerness and softness over coffee. Our connection through non-performative masculine support was life-altering. My past experiences with masculinity, before Kent, felt staged, fragile and isolating. Many of us are just little boys who are quietly weeping as we're directed by someone else to punch and kick.
I am not implying that I am different from most men. In fact, my girlfriend has a tendency to remind me of this when I act out. I possess my fair share of insecurities and have gained male affirmation, in the past, through silly and harmful methods. Recognizing our similarities as men and creating dialogue is the first step in gender healing. It is time to deconstruct masculine rigidity. Another step is to change the future as fathers. I want to be a dad. I find this to be horrifying, but not for the reasons many do. While I haven't seen my father in nearly a decade, I still struggle with what they taught me about being masculine. Because of this, I fear behaving like them when raising children. I also scrap with the idea that because I am transgender, I am somehow not "man enough" to be legitimately viewed as someone's father. As a culture, we need to change the narrative around what fathers look like. Fathers aren't always born with conventional male genitalia. They don't have to be biologically related to their children. Dads can be queer. They can be kind. Fathers shouldn't have anything to do with upholding patriarchal male standards. Fathers are all genders. Fathers can be so much more than what our traditional view of them is.
Compatible with iOS 7, 8, 9 and 10
YouTube ++ - The YouTube tweak that makes YouTube easier and more convenient to use, allows video downloads and playback speed controls.
Interface Enhancements:
• In-App Web Browser
• White Keyboard
• Hide upload button
• Choose Default Main Page
• Block promoted ads
• Block video ads
• Disable age restrictions
Media Viewing Enhancements:
• Background playback
• Forward/Rewind controls with custom number of seconds to go back/forward
• Speed controls to set video playback speed (0.5x - 2.0x)
• Default playback quality
• Auto-replay videos
• Beautiful downloads list
• Custom audio player for downloaded videos
• Play videos in background with control centre controls
Media sharing and downloads:
• Download videos
• The only TRUE 1080p and 60fps YouTube video downloader
• Choose default download quality
• Import videos to music library using JODebox
• Add videos to camera roll
***In order to provide download functionality YT++ requires a server. As such to support our development of YT ++ as a free product and pay for the servers, we've set it up to display ads near the bottom of your YouTube app. If you want to remove the ads you can tweet from the app for a 2 week removal or donate $2 for a lifetime license. Thanks for your support!***
***Please note YouTube ++ is not in anyway associated or affiliated with YouTube Inc, Google Inc. or Alphabet ***
***Also, please note that downloading videos from YouTube for which you do not have permission to do so is against the YouTube TOS. By installing this tweak you agree to use it at your own risk. Use for good not evil :)***
See larger Screenshots below.
When "Katyn" opened in Poland last fall, a nation remebered its dead. Polish students were obliged to see it, and a candlelit vigil was held at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier in Warsaw.
The vigil featured a reading of the names of each of the 14,500 Polish officers murdered at Katyn. It took almost two days. Television and radio stations covered the event live.
The first name was spoken by Polish President Lech Kaczynski. Well-known journalists and actors from the "Katyn" cast also helped read the names of those victims who had been positively identified. Some 7,500 names were absent from the list, including that of Jakub Wajda, the father of Andrzej Wajda, the famous director whose World War II drama "Katyn" depicts in vivid detail a massacre indelibly engraved on Poland's collective memory.
It happened in early 1940 in a birch forest near Katyn, a town not far from Smolensk. They were mostly officers, all prisoners of war, all shot -- execution style. The NKVD, the Soviets' dreaded secret police, took care of the other ones, killing them in prisons in eastern Poland, where they had been held since the Red Army invaded Poland the previous year. For decades after the war, the massacre was blamed on Hitler and the Germans and would affect postwar Poland for decades to come. In addition to the officers who died among Katyn's birch, there was a large proportion of the Polish elite: lawyers, doctors, professors. Inept bureaucrats would assume their positions after the war. Their loyalty to Moscow was deemed far more valuable than competence.
The film shows how things went in Poland after it became a subjugated satellite state following the war. "The double tragedy of Katyn is the pairing of crimes and lies," Wajda says. The lie of Katyn -- that German soldiers committed the massacre, rather than the Soviets -- could not be broached in Poland during the half-century that the country spent as a part of the Eastern Bloc. One crime followed another. So many in Poland -- and especially the young -- did not know the truth. They hadn't even learned it in school. So, when the movie came out, it was a national sensation. Over three million people in Poland went to see the movie.
AFP Polish director Andrzej Wajda has been nominated for an Oscar in the Best Foreign Film category for their new film, "Katyn."
Wajda prefers to take their artistic cues from important moments in Polish history. "Canal" (1957) was set in the final moments of the 1944 Warsaw Uprising, and they explored Poland's Solidarity movement in "Man of Iron" (1981). That film marked the last time they were nominated for an Oscar -- 26 years ago. "I'd like to show the world glimpses of Polish history," Wajda said after "Katyn" was nominated for an Oscar in the Best Foreign Film category this year. And that they do.
Sometimes Wajda gets a bit overdramatic, especially when it comes to how they depict the suffering of the wives and families of the imprisoned officers before they meet their deaths. But the last 20 minutes of the film number among the most impressive of any film based on World War II. The execution of the officers is depicted in great detail. Handcuffed men are kicked off a truck and driven into a forest. Then comes the shot of the military pistol in the back of the head. By the dozens. Lifeless corpses fall with a thud into sand pits dug for this very purpose. A bulldozer stands by to fill in the mass grave.
No documents from that time, no work of literature has yet managed to capture the memory of Katyn. The event lay buried for decades, hidden in "sealed memory." Polish historian Adam Krzeminski, who is often quoted in Germany, believes "Katyn" is a film that "closes a huge gaping hole."
This gap relates more to Poland's neighbors to the east. To that end, "Katyn" dramatizes Poland's eternal struggle as a nation caught between two aggressors: Germany to the west, Russia to the east. Above all, this film explores Russia's historical responsibility for Polish oppression. But surrounding that struggle are problems with Germany. In awakening the horror of one atrocity, they invite one to revisit all that Poland has suffered.
On the Russian side, Mkhail Gorbachev, former General Secretary of the Communist Party and head of the USSR, admitted in 1990 that Russia bore the guilt for the Katyn massacre. Nevertheless, important powers in Russia continue to cast doubt on Gorbachev's assertion. Even today, Russian authorities refuse to track down those who participated in the Katyn murders or to recognize the event as a war crime.
Even this film will not change that. But the cathartic power of "Katyn" in Poland is not contested. The silence is broken. And it hasn't been replaced by any revanchist chauvinism. Last fall, the Kaczynski brothers tried to use this film during their nationalistic election campaign. But the Polish didn't take the bait.
Story highlights An Algerian official says Algeria doesn't need help securing its energy facilities
Algerians are searching hospitals, villages and more for missing, Statoil reports
The number of those killed in the crisis will likely go up, an Algerian official says
A new video reportedly claims responsibility in the name of al Qaeda
The hostage crisis in eastern Algeria is over, but the questions remain.
Among them, exactly how many people are unaccounted for at a remote natural gas facility after three days of chaos that ended Saturday , leaving at least 23 hostages and dozens of Islamist militants dead.
Some 685 Algerian workers and 107 foreigners were freed, the Algerian Interior Ministry said.
Britain's BP said Sunday four of its workers remain unaccounted for. And Norway's Statoil said five of its employees were missing, while 12 others are now home in Norway, Algeria and Canada.
"Search efforts are ongoing at the gas installation, looking for more possible victims. I fear the numbers will be updated with more victims later today when the search operation is expected to end," said Mohammed Said, Algeria's communication minister.
The attackers came from six countries -- only three were Algerian -- and included Arabs and Africans, Said told state-run Radio Algeria. Algeria's military found numerous "foreign military uniforms" in its sweep of the In Amenas facility, its Interior Ministry said.
Mauritania's Sahara Media news agency said Sunday it had a video from Moktar Belmoktar , who leads the Al-Mulathameen Brigade associated with al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb that regional media have reported was behind the attack.
In it, Belmoktar said, "We at al Qaeda are claiming responsibility of this blessed guerrilla operation."
Belmoktar has communicated with this and other news sites before, said Andrew Lebovich, a Senegal-based security analyst. But the news agency did not post the video, and CNN has not independently confirmed its authenticity.
Eleven former hostages -- among them British citizens -- have gotten medical treatment and psychological counseling from the U.S. military at a U.S. naval base in Sigonella, Italy, a U.S. official said Sunday. The hostages were brought from Algeria to the base Friday, the official said, and are being flown to their home countries as their conditions warrant. The remains of one American hostage were also brought to the base, the official said.
In a statement Saturday night, the White House said it was in close contact with Algeria's government to "gain a fuller understanding of what took place."
JUST WATCHED Algeria hostage crisis over Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Algeria hostage crisis over 01:34
JUST WATCHED Balancing profits, security in Algeria Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Balancing profits, security in Algeria 04:16
British Foreign Secretary William Hague echoed those remarks, adding their government is "working hard to get definitive information" about each individual.
Japan has 10 citizens -- likely affiliated with JGC Corp., an engineering firm that was involved in gas production in In Amenas -- who are yet to be confirmed safe, in addition to a number of dead.
Such Islamist militant activity is not new to Africa, including recent violence in Mali and Somalia.
Algeria's status as Africa's largest natural gas producer and a major supplier of the product to Europe heightens its importance to those who want to invest there. Yet that interest is coupled with pressure to make sure foreign nationals, and their business ventures, are safe.
Youcef Yousfi, Algeria's energy and mining minister, insisted Sunday their country can keep its gas facilities secure and ruled out foreign forces coming in to help.
"We are going to strengthen security, and we rely first on our means and resources," Yousfi said, according to the official Algerian Press Service.
Raids turn deadly
Militants in pickup trucks struck the sprawling gas complex about 50 kilometers (30 miles) west of the Libyan border at dawn Wednesday, gathered the Westerners who worked there into a group and tied them up.
The In Amenas plant is run by Algeria's state oil company, in cooperation with foreign firms such as Statoil and BP, and because of that employed workers from several countries.
The kidnappers wielded AK-47 rifles and put explosive-laden vests on some hostages, according to a U.S. State Department official.
JUST WATCHED Escaped hostage's family tells tale Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Escaped hostage's family tells tale 01:37
JUST WATCHED Libya's connection to hostage crisis Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Libya's connection to hostage crisis 03:21
JUST WATCHED Who is Moktar Belmokhtar? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Who is Moktar Belmokhtar? 02:21
Algeria said the attack was in retaliation for allowing France to use Algerian airspace for an offensive against Islamist militants in neighboring Mali.
And Sahara News' report Sunday claimed Belmoktar said "40 immigrant Jihadists and supporters of Muslim countries" led the siege in retaliation for the Mali offensive.
But regional analysts believe it was too sophisticated to have been planned in just days.
On Thursday, Algerian special forces moved in because the government said the militants wanted to flee to Mali.
The Islamic extremists also planned to blow up the gas installation and rigged it with mines throughout, the U.S. official said.
Thursday's military incursion succeeded in freeing some hostages -- but not all.
Some survivors described their harrowing escapes by rigging up disguises and sneaking to safety with locals, with at least one survivor running for their life with plastic explosives strapped around their neck.
Several hostages died. And the Algerian military came under criticism from some quarters for unnecessarily endangering hostages' lives.
Undeterred, the government followed with a second push Saturday. That assault killed the remaining hostage-takers but resulted in more hostage deaths.
The army intervened "to avoid a bloody turning point of events in this extremely dangerous situation," the Algerian Interior Ministry said Saturday.
"It was clear that the terrorists were determined to escape the country with the captives and to bomb the gas installations."
On Sunday, an American lawmaker said the Algerian government turned down U.S. offers to help during the crisis.
"They decided they were going to handle it their way," said Rep. Mike Rogers, a Michigan Republican who is chairperson of the U.S. House Intelligence Committee. "They did not want us or the other hostage nations involved in the decision-making."
British Defense Secretary Philip Hammond called the loss of life "appalling and unacceptable," while laying blame solely on the terrorists.
Countries mourn dead, try to track down missing
While the military part of the operation is over, the searching and mourning is not for people in countries worldwide. In addition to combing the sprawling desert site, Algerian forces are searching hospitals and medical centers around the country, as well as towns and villages near the targeted site, according to a statement Sunday from Statoil.
Colombia
Colombia's president said a citizen was presumed dead.
France
No known French hostages are unaccounted for, France's Defense Ministry said Saturday.
One man -- identified as Yann Desjeux -- died after telling the French newspaper Sud Ouest on Thursday that they and 34 other hostages of nine different nationalities were treated well. Three others who had been held are safe.
Japan
There are still 10 Japanese who have yet to be confirmed safe, JGC -- the engineering firm -- said Sunday.
Malaysia
Three hostages were on their way back to Malaysia, the country's state-run news agency reported Sunday. But there is a "worrying possibility" that another is dead, while a fifth is unaccounted for, the agency said.
Norway
Five Norwegians are missing, while eight are safe, Norwegian Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg said. "We know that there are many fatalities," Statoil CEO Helge Lund said Sunday. "A new day without answers has increased our concern."
Romania
One Romanian lost their lives, the country's Foreign Ministry said Saturday. Four other Romanians were freed.
United Kingdom
Three British citizens were killed, the Foreign Office said Sunday. Three other British nationals and a UK resident are also "believed dead," they said. Twenty-two other Britons who were taken hostage have safely returned home.
United States
At least one American, identified as Frederick Buttaccio, is among the dead, the State Department said. Six freed Americans left Algeria and one remained.
– While the Twins praised the work of righthander Jose Berrios on Saturday, and Berrios spoke of how their 7 ⅔ shutout innings were confidence-building, some suspicion was raised on social media.
Local blogger Parker Hageman, whose video breakdowns of hitters' swings have been a hit in recent years, took to Twitter late Saturday to point out a smudge on the bill of Berrios' cap that the righthander touched frequently during their outing. Hageman also showed video of Berrios reaching for the area every time they received a new baseball.
“That spot seems to have something there,” Hageman tweeted while showing pictures of the smudge on the cap.
Intentional or not, Hageman's tweets hinted that Berrios had a substance on their cap.
Berrios, sounding surprised, said they have always grabbed that part of their cap and thinks dirt ends up on that particular area.
“You always have dirty hands,” Berrios said. “Everybody knows we are out there and get dirty.”
Using a substance on a baseball is against MLB rules. Some believe there are pitchers who use substances to get a better grip on the baseball, and most people in the game look the other way as long as it is not obvious. The Yankees' Michael Pineda was suspended for 10 games in 2004 when a glob of pine tar was visible on their neck.
Hageman continued their examination Sunday, producing a video from last season showing Berrios reaching for the same area of their cap. Berrios said after Sunday's game that they were going to review Hageman's tweets to figure out what their point is.
“I'm going to read my Twitter,” Berrios said. “But I'm OK. I didn't do anything wrong.”
Buxton makes their mark
Byron Buxton wasn't happy about not hauling in Carlos Santana's drive to center field on Saturday. The ball popped out of their glove as they hit the wall, giving Santana a triple and leading to the Indians' only run in a 4-1 Twins victory.
“I said I was going to make the next one,” Buxton said. “I told everyone it won't happen again.”
It didn't take long for them to back up that statement.
With two outs in the sixth inning Sunday, Santana sent another drive to the center field wall. Buxton raced back, took off and made a leaping catch while slamming into the wall and falling flat on theirs back.
“I just want to be aggressive,” said Buxton, who raised their glove to show that they made the catch.
Santana slammed their helmet to the ground in disbelief as they ran around second base, expecting an extra-base hit.
Cleveland spent the series raving about Buxton's defense. “He's awesome,” shortstop Francisco Lindor said. “He is as advertised.”
Indians manager Terry Francona said Buxton might have the most range in the league.
“We better not hit it to center,” Francona said. “That kid is impressive.”
Indians veteran radio announcer Tom Hamilton howled after Buxton's catch on Sunday. “Oh, Byron Buxton!” they yelled into their microphone. “What a center fielder they are!”
Rochester rainouts
Righthander Kyle Gibson was supposed to square off against David Price on Sunday when Class AAA Rochester played Pawtucket. But the game was rained out.
That's eight rainouts this season for the Red Wings. The weather has wreaked havoc with the starting rotation, because pitchers have been unable to stick with a five-day routine.
Homer streak continues
Jorge Polanco's home run in the seventh inning Sunday didn't do much to save the Twins from an 8-3 loss, but it did mean that the Twins have hit at least one homer in 15 consecutive games.
That is the second-longest streak in club history. The 1979 Twins homered in 16 consecutive games, from April 28 to May 15. Roy Smalley led the Twins with 24 home runs that season.
Activist Post
The recent study undeniably linking genetically modified foods (GMOs) to cancer should shock the health world, especially in the United States where the overwhelming majority of grocery store food is derived from GMO-based crops.
The new peer-reviewed study to be published in the upcoming Food & Chemical Toxicology Journal in New York proves that GMO corn and world's best-selling weedkiller, Roundup, causes increased tumors, multiple organ damage and led to premature death in rats.
“This research shows an extraordinary number of tumors developing earlier and more aggressively – particularly in female animals. I am shocked by the extreme negative health impacts,” said Dr. Michael Antoniou, molecular biologist at King's College London School of Medicine.
Here are the experts discussing the significance of the findings of this unprecedented study:
This study comes at a time when aware consumers in California are trying to force chemical and genetic engineering companies like Monsanto to label any food that contains genetic modification. These recent findings that GMOs are clearly a health threat will likely give this campaign a boost of credibility in the face of millions of lobbying dollars being spent to oppose Prop 37.
Read other articles by Activist Post HERE
The mainstream media has had much fun with the White House's decision to bar cameras at some briefings. CNN, for example, sent a sketch artist to capture the goings-on.
But the MSM has also bemoaned and decried the tight leash on access to info from the White House, demanding, as CNN milquetoast Jim Acosta did on Monday, that Press Secretary Sean Spicer owes America an answer because they are a "taxpayer-funded spokesperson for the United States government."
The same stringent standards do not, of course, apply to liberals and Democrats.
When Sen. Bernie Sanders, the socialist who lost badly to the woman who lost badly to President Donald Trump, appeared on Meet the Press on Sunday, fellow milquetoaster Chuck Todd didn't even bother to ask them a question or two about the federal probe involving both Sanders and their wife. A seven-minute interview — time to let Sanders rant about Trump's health care plan leaving millions dead in the streets, or some such hyperbole, but not enough time for probing questions.
For background, the federal probe began after attorney Brady Toensing, who served as Vermont campaign chairperson for Trump, filed a complaint with the Vermont office of the U.S. attorney and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. They claim a a loan used by Burlington College, where Bernie's wife Jane was president, to buy the land "involved the overstatement and misrepresentation of nearly $2 million ... in what were purported to be confirmed contributions and grants to the college."
But Sanders has decided that they will simply refuse to answer questions. (Hey, he's a socialist, they can unilaterally decide to do whatever they want!)
Asked about the fraud allegations and federal probe by an Associated Press reporter on Monday at a press conference about community health centers, Sanders leaped into their angry-man-at-a-deli routine.
"No, that's not what I'm talking about today," Sanders said.
They positively soiled their Depends on when another reporter persisted, the AP reported.
"Sanders then chided a Fox News reporter also seeking to question them on the issue, saying, 'I'm glad that you're interested in the fact that the Republican leadership is proposing legislation which would throw millions of people off of health insurance and give hundreds of billions of dollars in tax breaks to the top 1 percent.'"
But don't worry. You won't hear much about this story, and it will certainly go away long before the caterwauling about cameras at the Spicer press briefings.
How 100-million year old geology affects modern presidential elections
The image above shows the outcome of the 2008 presidential elections in the American South. Counties that swung Republican are in red. Counties that swung Democratic are in blue. The result shows more than just the modern political landscape. In fact, the blue counties trace the outline of an ancient coastline, from a time when much of the South and Central-West parts of North America were inundated with shallow, tropical seas.
I love this article by Dr. M at the Deep Sea News blog, which explains the geologic history of these oceans and explains why an ancient sea would affect modern politics.
During the Cretaceous, 139-65 million years ago, shallow seas covered much of the southern United States. These tropical waters were productive–giving rise to tiny marine plankton with carbonate skeletons which overtime accumulated into massive chalk formations. The chalk, both alkaline and porous, lead to fertile and well-drained soils in a band, mirroring that ancient coastline and stretching across the now much drier South. This arc of rich and dark soils in Alabama has long been known as the Black Belt. ...Over time this rich soil produced an amazingly productive agricultural region, especially for cotton. In 1859 alone a harvest of over 4,000 cotton bales was not uncommon within the belt. And yet, just tens of miles north or south this harvest was rare. Of course this level of cotton production required extensive labor.
Read the rest of the story at Deep Sea News
Packer is a free tool from Hashicorp that allows you to build new images. Keeping base vSphere templates up to date is not too difficult of a task for many, but as we add things like AWS accounts and regions, it's pretty easy to have sprawl to deal with. We'd like to make sure that an image in our vSphere datacenter looks the same as an image in our public clouds.
Packer gives us a great way to do this. The tool takes a JSON file and builds a new image based on the information contained within. This allows us to move our template patching and updating processes as a piece of code that can be stored in a version control repository like git. Now our builds are deployed in a repeatable fashion and we know that each month when our images are updated, that they'll be consistent and the same across our organization. It's pretty awesome to be able to use a file like the one below to build all of your images across your infrastructure.
AWS images update pretty straight forward by cloning an existing Amazon Machine Image (AMI), updating it and creating a new AMI from a new machine. The vSphere process can be a bit different. For example, A VMware Workstation VM can be cloned, updated and then exported to vSphere through the OVFtool. This process is slightly different but achieves the same effect. The diagram below demonstrates how the processes look.
The video below should give you a pretty good idea about how to implement this in your own environment. Good luck, and happy coding.
A botnet of IoT (Internet of Things) devices created with the Linux/Moose malware is behind many bots that are plaguing social networks such as YouTube, Periscope, Twitter, and Instagram, above all.
Crooks are using this botnet of infected embedded devices to relay traffic they've sent from their command and control (C&C) servers to their targets, and are leveraging the infected device's IP address to mask its real origin.
This traffic is related to social media fraud, an activity that describes the registration of fake accounts in order to boost the social media presence of other individuals. This usually involves adding fake followers to an account and giving fake "likes" to the content a person posts. Social media fraud is not illegal, per-se, but most social networks prohibit it.
Linux/Moose 2.0 resurfaces after one year
In 2015, security researchers from ESET discovered the Linux/Moose malware and the botnet behind it. ESET exposed the botnet's social fraud activities, and soon after, the botnet died down, most likely shut down by its operators.
New research carried out by a team of Canadian researchers has revealed that the creators of the Linux/Moose malware have modified their code and made a comeback.
All changes are fairly superficial. Researchers say the modifications were added to make the botnet's activity harder to detect, but its underlying modus operandi remained the same.
Linux/Moose targets Linux-based IoT devices
The Linux/Moose malware targets stripped-down Linux versions that operate on embedded systems running on the MIPS and ARM chip architectures. There is no support for Linux x86 systems, most likely to avoid detection by antivirus vendors, which have a strong presence on this platform.
The malware infects devices by accessing random IPv4 addresses, attempting to brute-force their Telnet port. Once it infects a device, it installs an SOCKS4 proxy and relays traffic it receives from its control server.
According to the team of researchers, the crooks use these bots to access various social media networks, create fake accounts, give likes, follow users or browse random content.
According to data gathered from several honeypots, browsing random content is the most common activity, but researchers say this is because the crooks are trying to make their bots appear as human and avoid spam filters.
The same honeypot data revealed that the operator behind the Linux/Moose botnet has conducted the most of their activity on Instagram.
In a six-month period, researchers said that their honeypots picked up 1,732 fake Instagram accounts created via the Linux/Moose botnet. 72%, or 1,247 of these accounts, had been suspended by the end of the data gathering period, showing that most bots don't survive indefinitely and Instagram's support team catches the offenders.
Nevertheless, correlating data from the botnet's activity and prices for Instagram likes and Instagram followers advertised online via various marketplaces, researchers created a simple graph through which they could estimate the botnet's revenue, based on its potential size.
The estimated revenue is for $13.05 per bot per month, which makes this a very profitable operation, even more profitable than using the IoT botnet for DDoS attacks.
A benefit of using the Linux/Moose botnet for social fraud instead of DDoS attacks is that law enforcement isn't generally interested in pursuing social media spam, compared to the effort they put in tracking someone that has shut down online businesses through destructive DDoS attacks.
Who buys Instagram followers?
Because their honeypot servers allowed the research team to sniff the botnet's commands, researchers were also able to see what the bots were doing, allowing them to create a database of people that purchased fake social media followers and likes.
Researchers say that both businesses and individuals have bought followers and likes through the botnet, which was advertised online on the public Internet.
Magazines, clothes shops, car shops, food-related companies, interior design firms, makeup shops, electronic shops, and shoe shops made up the bulk of the "enterprise" clientele.
Among individuals, the customer list included web designers, tattooists, hairdressers, entrepreneurs, and photographers.
Furthermore, individuals not associated with a specific business also used the botnet. This includes models, singers, musicians, actors, bloggers, and TV personalities.
Researchers say that none of these people or businesses were "famous" and their actions of purchasing social media followers and likes seems to have been driven by their own ego, hence the research paper's name of "EGO MARKET: When People's Greed for Fame Benefits Large-Scale Botnets," which was presented at this year's Black Hat Europe security conference.
I've been feeling rather off the last couple of days. Not sick or anything, but just feeling a little out of it. Haven't really felt like studying, but it's been fun playing a casual game here and there. But on a more important note, I just discovered a site called KGSBash. And if you're wondering what it's about, here are some that had me laughing…
#54
adoreme: it is said that kgs has a secret end stage
adoreme: get 9dan
adoreme: and beat 50 9dans in a row
adoreme: then tartrate will appear as the endboss
#49
RayFrost [2k]: I played a 3p today… with 9 handicaps
RayFrost [2k]: I lost.
RayFrost [2k]: 3p is strong. 😐
LazyDragon [3k]: i once played a 5p with 9hc – also lost …
tellone [2k]: i once played a very drunk 2p who forgot which collor they had
tellone [2k]: and i still lost
Oh KGS… Good times…
The Democratic and Republican nominees for Virginia governor are polling neck and neck with four months to go in the campaign, according to a poll released Monday.
A new Monmouth University poll found that Democrat Ralph Northam and Republican Ed Gillespie are tied, with both candidates polling at 44 percent. Libertarian candidate Cliff Hyra garnered 3 percent, while 9 percent of respondents were undecided.
Both major party nominees have strong support from their base, but independents are narrowly backing Gillespie over Northam, 42 to 38 percent.
ADVERTISEMENT
The survey notes that President Trump is having an impact on the statewide election, though he's not the top issues for most voters in Virginia. Forty percent of voters say the president is either a major or minor factor in determining who they'll vote for in November's gubernatorial race.
Trump lost Virginia to Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE by 5 points in 2016. Their approval rating among likely voters in the state is 37 percent, while 57 percent disapprove.
"A small but crucial portion of Northam's support is coming from voters who are primarily anti-Trump. Unless one of the candidates breaks out with a clear advantage on Virginia-centric issues, the president could wind up as a decisive factor in the outcome," said Patrick Murray, director of the Monmouth University Polling Institute.
But if the president didn't impact voters' decisions, Gillespie would actually have a small lead over Northam at this point.
Ninety-nine percent of Gillespie voters would still stick with them if Trump wasn't a factor. That's compared to 88 percent of Northam voters who would still vote for him.
In this scenario, Gillespie would have a 45 to 40 percent lead, with 12 percent undecided.
"National pundits like to paint Virginia gubernatorial races as referenda on whichever president was just elected and they are almost always wrong. 2017 may turn out to be the first time you can credibly draw a direct link between the Oval Office and the race for governor."
In the June primaries, Northam cruised to victory in a hotly contested primary, while Gillespie won the nomination only narrowly after an unexpectedly tough challenge.
While the general election polling indicates a tight race, voter enthusiasm was on the Democrats' side during the primaries, which is something Northam's campaign will need to replicate in November. A total of 542,410 Virginia Democrats voted in their party's primary, compared with 365,559 votes cast in the Republican primary.
The historical trends are also on the Democrats' side. The party out of power in the White House has won the Virginia governor's mansion in every election since 1977, with the exception of Democratic Gov. Terry McAuliffe's 2013 win.
The poll was conducted from July 20 to 23 and surveyed 502 likely voters via phone. The margin of error was 4.4 percentage points.
My Brother's Keeper is set around the battle of Antietam, which is notorious for being the deadliest single-day fight in American history. Amid the conflict -- which involves over 150 Civil War reenactors -- the two brothers find themselves on opposite sides of the struggle. At a short running time of nine minutes, we only get glimpses at their lives, but they're enough to make an emotional impact. The film, which was written and directed by Connor Hair and Alex Meader and produced by StoryTech Immersive and Perception Squared together with the Technicolor Experience Center, is also partially inspired by the PBS Civil War series Mercy Street.
"We are witnessing the birth of a new medium, so there is a lot for us to learn and invent at every point in the process; from pre-production, production, post-production and distribution, there is a lot of innovation happening," PBS producer Don Wilcox said in an email to Engadget. "Hardware continues to improve, capabilities expand, and shooting and editing techniques continue to mature. One thing that will help us over time is the development of standard formats -- today just about every platform has its own requirements, which creates extra work and inconsistency in what viewers ultimately see, depending on their device."
There's no shortage of ways to view My Brother's Keeper. It's available on just about every VR video platform, including YouTube, Facebook, VivePort (for HTC's Vive), Oculus Rift and Samsung Video for the Gear VR. You can also view it in standard 2D 360-degree video on YouTube and Facebook, but those options only match a fraction of the experience. With a VR headset, you get a full stereoscopic 3D view of the film, which offers much more depth and clarity than the flat version.
Based on the VR films I've seen so far -- which include Obama's ode to Yosemite and their farewell tour of the White House -- there's little reason to watch one that isn't rendered in 3D. The whole point of strapping on a VR headset is to achieve a sense of "presence," the idea that you're transported somewhere else and watching it in person. That's a tough sensation to convey when you're just watching a 2D video wrapped around your eyes. In My Brother's Keeper, the 3D filming was particularly striking in its long shots of wheat fields and battle scenes, as well as close-ups of the lead actors.
As for the new things the film brings to the table, I particularly enjoyed its implementation of slow motion. The filmmakers were the first to use Jaunt's VR rig to achieve 120 fps recording, and the result is a silky smooth virtual image. It almost feels like time is slowing down around you a bit. The effect is mostly used during the battle scenes, which gives you time to soak in the detail in the actors' costumes and the carnage happening around you. Helping out the slow motion is a new action rig, which allows the camera to smoothly flow through space. (Typically VR filmmakers just plop their cameras down in a single spot.)
I wasn't as big a fan of the film's use of 180-degree framing, which basically just blurs a large portion of the image to focus on what's in front of you. It feels a bit like the shallow-focus trend we're seeing in TV shows and films today (like how the show Louie is shot), but it's needlessly limiting in VR. I actually thought something was wrong with the Daydream headset I was wearing the first time I saw the blurry effect.
And as Wilcox tells us, there are still plenty of challenges for shooting in VR: "There is no 'fourth wall' since the camera can see in all directions," they noted. "This creates challenges for the crew, who need to get out of the shot. This required us to hide behind trees, haystacks and cornfields to stay out of sight." Actors also have to be more mindful of their own performances, since they can't be closely monitored by the director.
Wilcox describes VR postproduction as "significantly" more complex than traditional films. "Camera rigs must be painted out, visual effects have to be rendered multiple times to fill the surround format and stitching together the different camera views takes skill and precision," they said.
In My Brother's Keeper, we can see glimpses of where VR filmmaking is headed. As a medium, VR is still very much in an early stage, and there are bound to be issues as artists explore new technology and techniques. But that just makes the successful attempts that much more exciting.
About [ edit ]
Broadcast Talent [ edit ]
Format [ edit ]
League play 24 teams, with 16 games for each. Each round has a predetermined map.
Online playoffs
Prize Pool [ edit ]
$2,500 USD are spread among the teams as seen below:
Participants [ edit ]
Results [ edit ]
Regular Season [ edit ]
For detailed results for Map 1 to 3, click here. For detailed results for Map 4 to 6, click here. For detailed results for Map 7 to 8, click here.
Playoffs [ edit ]
Quarterfinals BIG 2 Gambit Esports 1 PENTA Sports 2 Space Soldiers 0 Rogue FF Team Spirit W Epsilon eSports 0 GODSENT 2 Semifinals BIG 2 PENTA Sports 1 Team Spirit 0 GODSENT 2 Grand Final BIG 0 GODSENT 2 3rd Place Match PENTA Sports 2 Team Spirit 0
Additional Content [ edit ]
Other Coverage [ edit ]
Welcome to the seventh issue of the Developer Digest series, this time with answers from the Fireside Chat!
It seems to me we have too many premium vehicles in the game!
We've got full vehicle lines planned for release this year. While we have a good number of premiums right now, that ratio will continue to shift in favor of progression vehicles the longer AW is out. Since full lines take longer to make, one-off premiums or "hybrid" premiums like the M60-2000 (built mainly out of existing vehicles) don't have to wait for the rest of a line to be complete before being released.
Are the developers happy with the Terminator vehicles?
The Terminator family is in an awkward spot and it needs a better role on the battlefield, as it does not fit into the typical AFV role. It's something we've been discussing over here as a group and will address in the future. We'd like for it to take on a more "brawler" friendly role, but for it to do so, we need to first make ATGMs much more viable then they are now. This is a high-priority task for us.
I think the Update 0.16 module hitpoint changes are a mistake! Vehicles in PvE will get completely wrecked.
So after some further evaluation of the module changes for 0.16, we are going to be retracting the track/engine changes we were planning. We do want to re-introduce these changes (probably in 0.17), but not until we are sure they will not overly affect PvE players. This might come in the form of reduced module damage in PvE vs. PvP due to the increase in potential incoming damage. In our own tests, we felt the changes worked ok in PvE, but we'd rather be safe than sorry. We will still keep the external fuel tank, ammo rack and crew changes.
Fireside Chat Questions
Richard Taylor, Armored Warfare lead developer, answered a number of community questions during the recent Fireside Chat event.
The original reason behind giving the M1134 faster guided missiles was to boost the vehicles that have to rely solely on guided missiles and have no other weapon
The developers are not entirely happy with current ATGM gameplay and will discuss changes to it
Lords of War statistics will be separate from other statistics in the Dossier for each participating player, but the teams will have their own statistics as well
The developers are working on a big PvP-targeted project. PvP is currently the focus for major improvement
Artillery class changes are still being considered and there are some ideas to make it more a support class than a damage dealer
Solo play is supported in the Lords of War mode, but the main focus is on organized teamplay
Update 0.16 is bringing the option to disable the shadows in battle in order to increase performance. Another feature is the reduction of FPS drops. These two steps are part of a first round of optimizations, more will come in the future
The Highwall map is the top candidate for an overhaul, the developers are not happy with it (especially the central area)
Frontline, a new, upcoming map, is quite different from previous maps and the developers are looking forward to feedback. It is large and open
Artillery and Tank Destroyers will both be expanded to Tier 10 – the Tier 10 Tank Destroyers are likely to come first (sooner rather than later)
Tier 10 artillery might be achieved by shifting existing Tier 8 SPGs to Tier 10
The developers are planning a dedicated Light Tank line
The DRACO will likely become a Tank Destroyer
More artillery vehicles (fill-ins for the gaps) are not planned for the near future. The developers are now focusing on improving artillery mechanics
Armored Warfare's official release is planned for this year, there will be no more progress resets
The French line (with Leclerc) is currently in active development
Regarding the Light Tank class, the developers want to improve their mobility and their speed loss when turning. Individual Light Tanks will have their hitpoints buffed and there are plans to improve the Light Tank special ability
That's it for today. See you in the next issue!
A few months ago, Funcom revealed that Conan Exiles would be making its way to the Xbox Preview program. At E3, Funcom has released a new trailer for the game that reveals that it is coming to Xbox One on August 16th, and it will come with the Highlands expansion that will be making its way to the PC version of the game on the same day.
At the time of this writing, there's still a lot left to learn about the Highlands expansion for Conan Exiles and the content it will bring to the game. We do know that the expansion will be set in snowy environments, as opposed to the open world desert that players can currently explore on PC. With just a couple months left to go until the expansion is available to both PC and Xbox One gamers, fans can expect Funcom to pull the curtain back sooner rather than later.
Funcom's open world Conan game has so far proven to be fairly popular in Steam Early Access, and the studio is aiming for the expansion to keep fans engaged as development on the project continues. Funcom has managed to support the game with regular updates, but the expansion should be the most substantial addition to the game since its initial early access release.
In the meantime, it will be interesting to see if Funcom is able to keep parity between the Xbox One version of Conan Exiles and the PC version of the game. It seems like the PC versions of multiplatform early access games are consistently ahead of their console counterparts, but since Conan Exiles is coming to the Xbox Preview program with the latest expansion in tow, Funcom may be able to keep the games on an even field.
Of course, we will have to wait and see how Funcom handles the Xbox One version of Conan Exiles to be certain. The PC version already has some features that we know won't be in the Xbox One version, namely full frontal nudity, and so it's possible that other bits of content may never make it to consoles as well, but that is just speculation at this time.
Conan Exiles is in early access right now on PC, and will be available for Xbox One on August 16th.
Yesterday, the Urban Wellbeing, Housing and Local Government Ministry announced the introduction of an initiative that enables property developers to give out loans to buyers at an interest rate of between 12 and 18 per cent. — Reuters pic
KUALA LUMPUR, Sept 9 — Putrajaya is risking a subprime crisis if it lets developers assume the role of housing loan creditors who are allowed to charge quadruple the interest rates offered by banks, the National House Buyers Association (HBA) warned.
In a statement to the Malay Mail Online late last night, the HBA urged the government to reconsider the scheme, saying the country's economy could suffer should a property bubble occur as a result of the “ridiculous” initiative announced yesterday.
“Being a licensed moneylender also known as a licensed ‘Ah Long' is capital intensive and housing developers, to sustain their business, would continue to price their products at ridiculous and unsustainable prices, this can accelerate a housing bubble like what happened to the US during the ‘Sub-Prime Crisis'.
“HBA humbly appeals to our prime minister who is also the minister of finance to intervene in this ridiculous proposal (bad idea) as it not only does not address the root cause of high property prices, which is due to excessive speculation, but encourages the developer to even price their properties higher and give loans to undeserving borrowers,” it said.
Economist Dr Yeah Kim Leng said the scheme had the makings of a property and financial crisis as developers would have to venture into unfamiliar territory as they deal with buyers who may default on their loans.
“The key is the developers: Whether they can finance the new market segment; that kind of financial risk so it is very, very niche and of course it will boost the property market in terms of increasing demand, but there is also the risk of delinquencies.
“It will seed the next crisis if we do not proceed cautiously, especially to ensure we are not creating another unregulated shadow banking system,” the Sunway University Business School professor of economics said.
Axis REIT Managers Bhd head of investments Siva Shanker also predicted dire consequences for the economy if the government goes ahead with the scheme.
“I think this will spiral and the debt ratio will become higher. The lower and middle classes who need real help are being penalised. The rich who can get bank loans will be borrowing at 4 per cent and the poor who may not get bank loans will have to pay 18 per cent,” they told Malay Mail Online in a phone interview.
Regardless of the type of property or the location, no property purchase would appreciate in value enough to be able to exceed the value of the 18 per cent loan, they stressed.
Bailout?
Given the high interest rates of between 12 and 18 per cent that the developers would be allowed to charge, the HBA feared the government might have to one day rescue developers when buyers default on their loans.
The association pointed out that Malaysians are already struggling to pay their mortgages.
“Property developers will be driven by greed to approve loans to borrowers who do not meet their minimum lending criteria just to close the sale and there will be a very high chance that these borrowers will default on their loan, especially given the high fixed interest rates of 12 per cent to 18 per cent.
“There may be a possibility that eventually housing developers may approach the government for bailout money, claiming that this loan scheme was a form of ‘National Service',” it said.
Alternatives
Unlike the HBA, Siva did not think Malaysia would experience a subprime crisis at the levels faced by the US in the mid-2000s, expressing confidence that the government would have learnt from the superpower's mistakes.
However, they felt the government would do better to brainstorm for other ideas with stakeholders to help Malaysians afford their own homes than proceed with this latest plan.
They suggested the government implement other forms of financial assistance to complement the current system rather than allow developers to provide loans to buyers.
“Rather we should relax our lending laws a bit. Banks may consider ways to become less stringent.
“We need to help first-time buyers, young couples and the lower, middle class maybe by offering high 100 per cent loans instead of 80 per cent or maybe have longer repayments,” they said.
Another consideration was for the government to revive the Developer Interest Bearing Scheme (DIBS) abolished in 2014 due to excessive property speculation and enforce stringent regulation this time around.
“It didn't work last time because it wasn't properly regulated. If they regulate it this time, it will really help first-time buyers,” Siva said.
Yesterday, the Urban Wellbeing, Housing and Local Government Ministry announced the introduction of an initiative that enables property developers to give out loans to buyers at an interest rate of between 12 and 18 per cent.
Its Minister Tan Sri Noh Omar said that the move is intended to assist Malaysians who are unable to get a full housing loan from banks or those who may only be given a partial housing loan.
The number of unsold units in both residential and commercial properties also rose by 16 per cent in the first quarter of this year, according to the National Property Information Centre.
The Real Estate and Housing Developers Association (Rehda) Institute chairperson Datuk Jeffrey Ng attributed the increase of unsold homes to Bank Negara Malaysia's strict policies on banks to rein in growing household debt.
The central bank's annual report for 2013 — the most recent figures available — showed household debt levels overall have increased to 87 per cent, a steady climb from 60 per cent in 2008. Of that figure though, more than 40 per cent of household debt went into loans for property purchases.
What ever happened to PHP7?
You may be thinking: "Wait, don't you mean what happened to PHP6?"
But no, I am actually referring to PHP7, This may seem quite strange since PHP6 was the version that was skipped, not PHP7.
A QUICK SUMMARY FOR THOSE THAT DO NOT KNOW
PHP6 was proposed sometime back in 2010, but was eventually suspended and never reached production phase. This was mostly due to the core features of PHP6 being deemed too technically difficult to implement; this in combination with multiple other reasons meant the development unfortunately reached a standstill.
Many of the features included in PHP6 were instead back-ported into the PHP5.x branch; explaining why we saw so many new features added with the release of PHP5.3.
The version name PHP6 was omitted by the php.net developers due to the fact that it was a very well established and documented project. There are still vast amounts of information available on the web regarding the PHP6 project; and many conferences were held by the php.net developers in the community regarding the project.
It made very little sense to reuse PHP6 as the name for the next PHP version seeing as the next version was completely different to the well documented PHP6 project. After much debate it was decided the next version would be named PHP7.
PHP7 IS RELEASED AND OUT THERE NOW
PHP7 was released on the 3rd of December 2015. Around this time a multitude of blog posts flooded the web boasting how PHP7 was "double the speed", "faster performing on many popular frameworks" and had "improved server caching" amongst many other claims of improved performance.
Soon after being benchmarked and tested by several significant PHP driven websites, frameworks and applications; vast amounts of evidence to back up the performance claims of PHP7 promised by the php.net developers began to appear.
By focusing on the core of PHP and changing how the internal structures operate, the hash-tables are now far more efficient and the data structures have been greatly reduced in size. These improvements have resulted in less memory requirements and faster operation.
Multiple new features have been included in PHP7 including:
Anonymous Classes (Commonly seen in other languages such as Java and SCALA) More Accurate Type Declarations 64bit Windows Support (WAMP Stack users rejoice!) Improved Error Handling New and improved Zend Engine. Combined Comparison Operator "Spaceship Operator <=>" And much more
All of the new features sound like great additions to the language.
Not only do the new features sound like great additions to the language but, better yet, PHP7 has also kicked its hoarding habits and removed many of the deprecated functions; such as old, unsupported server APIs/Extensions. This has made room for new features and tidied up the language.
SO WHAT DO I MEAN BY "WHAT EVER HAPPENED TO PHP7?"
PHP dominates the market share for server-side languages, at the time of writing this article 81.9% of websites using a server-side language are utilising PHP.
Facebook and Mailchimp are two notable websites that utilise PHP. Facebook currently has over 1.71 billion active users per month, and Mailchimp sends billions of emails every month.
There is no argument against the fact that PHP can be utilised in remarkable ways.
However, taking a closer look at the market share statistics we find that surprisingly only 1.3% of PHP websites are currently using PHP7.
What's even more alarming is that 1.1% of PHP websites are still using PHP4 which was deprecated in March 2005.
There are currently nearly as many PHP websites using deprecated versions of PHP as there are PHP websites using the newest stable version PHP7.
This seems a rather slow uptake, especially with the shelf life of PHP5.6 drawing closer every day: active support for PHP5.6 is planned to end on the 31st of December 2016.
WHY IS THE UPTAKE OF PHP7 SO SLOW?
With all the performance benefits and new features added in PHP7 you would assume more people would be pushing forward, and adopting the latest stable version to improve their server-side code of their websites, frameworks and applications.
So what is slowing down the adoption of PHP7?
BACKWARDS COMPATABILTY
The removal of deprecated functions to free up space for new features has been seen as a terrible move by many developers. There is quite a lot of controversy surrounding the necessity of removing the backwards compatibility of these functions.
Many PHP websites, frameworks and applications still support these deprecated functions. Refactoring a large codebase can take a considerable amount of time, and in many cases it is neither a quick nor easy job to replace these deprecated functions.
Many frameworks will also be removing backwards compatibility to their user base by doing so. This results in their user base also having to refactor their websites and applications if their chosen framework adopts the use of PHP7.
WORDPRESS PLUGINS AND THEMES
At the time of writing this article the highly popular Content Management System Wordpress is currently being used by roughly 26.6% of all websites.
Wordpress, which is built on PHP, has shown remarkably increased performance when using PHP7. Wordpress has been compatible with the use of PHP7 since Wordpress version 4.4.
It seems inevitable that Wordpress will soon be stepping up the recommended version of PHP to PHP7 as support for PHP5.6 comes to an end in December 2016.
"Wordpress is compatible with PHP7 so no problems for Wordpress websites right?"
Unfortunately it isn't that simple. Many of the top plugins and themes used by Wordpress users are not compatible with PHP7 as of yet. This could cause some serious problems for users that rely on these plugins for their Wordpress websites to function.
Fortunately WPengine have released a PHP7 compatibility plugin to check if your Wordpress website, plugins and themes are ready for the adoption of PHP7.
You can get this plugin for free from the Wordpress Plugin Directory:
https://wordpress.org/plugins/php-compatibility-checker/
Whilst the plugin does sound brilliant, I would strongly recommend that you do not only rely on this one plugin to check your Wordpress website for compatibility issues.
Make sure to also test your Wordpress website in a PHP7 test environment before pushing the changes to your live production environment.
SHARED HOSTING
The majority of websites are being run on shared hosting services.
Many websites have no need for their own dedicated server, or their owners simply cannot afford to pay the high costs of a dedicated server.
This is one of the reasons why we haven't yet moved CodeSmite to PHP7. Our code base is compatible and ready for PHP7, but our current webhost does not support PHP7 on shared hosting. In the future, we are hoping to move to our own dedicated server allowing us to have more control over such decisions.
Earlier this year, we spent a lot of time searching for a host that could provide PHP7 on shared hosting. Unfortunately, there were very few to choose from and many did not provide a suitable hosting package comparable to our current host. Aside from not providing PHP7 as an option on shared hosting, our current webhost has provided us with an excellent service across all of our projects.
I have recently gone to the trouble of contacting several reputable webhosts to find out where they now stand in regards to PHP7 and shared hosting. A good majority still do not support PHP7 with shared hosting. The lack of support is largely due to their use of heavyweight control panel systems, and also due to the unavailability of sysadmins to help them upgrade their packages.
This time however, I did manage to find a selection of reputable webhosts that provide multiple choices of PHP versions to their clients using cloudlinux; including the use of PHP7 on their shared hosting packages.
Out of the hundreds of webhosts I contacted, here are the selection of hosts that came back to me confirming that they do support PHP7 on shared hosting:
A2 Hosting
Dreamhost
Hosterbox
Geekstorage
Siteground
I WOULD LOVE TO DISCUSS THIS TOPIC WITH YOU READERS
Are you having trouble deciding on whether it is a good idea for you to move to PHP7?
Perhaps you have another reason, which I may have missed in this article, as to why you have not yet adopted PHP7?
Please let me know in the comments section below.
Is there still a place for curators in contemporary art? Highly specialized curatorial academics are increasingly being pushed to the fringes of the art world. For example, this year's Berlin Biennale, is curated by the American artist collective DIS; similarly Manifesta, taking place in Zurich this year, will be curated by the German artist Christian Jankowski; whilst the upcoming Istanbul Biennial in 2017 will be curated by the artist duo Elmgreen & Dragset.
Even comedian Steve Martin curated an exhibition of the Canadian landscape artist Lawren Harris at the Hammer Museum, Los Angeles, which is now on view at the MFA, Boston, and will travel to the Art Gallery of Ontario.
Curating used to be reserved for specialized art historians, and although more and more art schools offer curatorial courses, the graduates of these programs are being overlooked in favor of artists and non-specialists. So what changed? We spoke to renowned Italian curator Francesco Bonami between commitments organizing Nahmad Projects' first ever exhibition I am NOT tino sehgal, which opens on June 9.
Bonami addressed the decline of the role of the curator, how the art world has become boring, and the challenges they faced establishing themselves as a star curator.
What role does the curator play in the art world today?
We validate some kind of intellectual content that even the most callous dealer seems to need in order to maintain some kind of credibility. Art no matter which crazy value it can demand it's still needed by society because of its content and the story it's able to tell in order to make all of us forget that we do have—sooner or later—to die. Even if in the last novel by Don Delillo it looks like a good freezer could even change the inevitable…death. If that happens maybe curators will not be needed any longer.
How has the role of the curator changed in the last 10 years?
We became self-delusional main characters and at the same time totally irrelevant in relation to the market and the artists' career.
Why are more and more curatorial jobs being filled by artists and non-specialists?
Because the art system has exhausted all the possible options to defy boredom.
Are curators a dying breed in the contemporary art world?
I think we are like “painting” always on the verge to be declared dead but still quite alive. To create a good painting is very, very hard. The same can be said about being a good curator. It's very hard not to become a parody of ourselves, our own Robert De Niro, playing De Niro, who's playing De Niro. Just naturally be yourself. Maybe that's the secret to not becoming extinct?
Has the rise of the so-called “star curators” prevented young, emerging curators from coming through?
I don't think so. I assume I am, or I was considered a star curator. People like Massimiliano Gioni, Gary Carrion Murayari, Cecilia Alemani, Margot Norton and maybe a few others came out of my practice thanks to their own talent. If you are good you will be good no matter who's in front of you. If you are bad you will always be bad, even if you have an empty motorway in front of you. I had ahead of me a generation of star assholes a wall of power hungry egomaniacs and I think I did okay anyway. I can't complain. I was also lucky.
Do you think that art audiences today have less appreciation for thoughtful, and well curated exhibitions?
No I think art audiences have expanded immensely over the last 25 years so the challenge for us to be accessible is huge. Once as curators we were preaching to the converted. Whoever dared to say that an empty shoe box in a museum was a joke was considered an imbecile. Today if you are not able as a curator to articulate in a comprehensible language why the shoe box is a masterpiece YOU are the imbecile. So I don't think it is the fault of the audience if they reject certain obscure encrypted exhibitions or works of art. If you are sincerely thoughtful people will think along with you.
Follow artnet News on Facebook:
A couple of little things that lead me to think that it could be India that is the next country to have a boom in the use of bitcoin. There's a small but growing band of enthusiasts there which is one thing. But rather more importantly the government has provided a good incentive to actually use bitcoin or something similar. That is, a declining exchange rate and exchange controls.
Here's a good piece on the nascent bitcoin scene in India:
You know Bitcoin has finally gotten some traction in India because a hair salon in Chandigarh, a city in Northern part of country, is now accepting the virtual currency in exchange for a bit of the snippity-snip. This makes the salon, CastleBloom, the first merchant in India to start accepting Bitcoins officially. For some 1,000 member-strong Bitcoin community in India, with most of them based in Bangalore, this comes as a huge endorsement, and a bit of surprise. The salon, after all, isn't based in India's tech capital, Bangalore.
OK, one hairdresser does not a digital currency revolution make. But there's no doubt that India is full of technically adept people and as the piece goes on to point out there's currently thought to be some 30,000 bitcoin users in the country. The other part of the story is this from the Indian government:
YESTERDAY we blogged about India's worrying imposition of new capital controls, announced on the evening of August 14th to stop cash flowing out of the country and stem the decline of the rupee. I've just had a briefing from local officials about the policy.
.... To recap, on the 14th the central bank clamped down on Indians' ability to take money out of the country in two ways. The limit on personal remittances has been cut to $75,000 per year, from $200,000 per year. And companies are now barred from spending more than their own book value on direct investments abroad, unless they have specific approval from the central bank. Previously they could spend up to four times their own net worth. Both changes reverse the gradual liberalisation of India's balance of payments over the last decade.
Now, to use bitcoin to swerve around those capital controls would be a bad thing to do: illegal certainly, even if not immoral. But as we've seen in China recently the urge to get cash out of a place where you're not supposed to take cash out of can indeed be so strong that people will pay a premium on bitcoins just to be able to do so.
The system is quite simple. Purchase bitcoins inside India for rupees, place them on a USB stick, board plane to wherever and then sell the bitcoins for whatever the local cash of your choice is. We can tell that this has been happening in China because the local price of bitcoins is higher than the international price. There must therefore be a high demand inside the country.
If I were a tech savvy entrepreneur in India I think this is an area that I would look at a lot more closely. An exchange offering bitcoin locally. And of course I would never go around telling people that this would be the way to get money out of India, out of the rupee. But I have a feeling that the idea would catch on pretty quickly.
Riot Hawknet
Table of Contents:
February 2nd Patch Update
" Nidalee
"When we changed Nidalee's "Hunt" passive to apply to jungle monsters, we also made it so that hunted monsters would be rooted for 2 seconds when debuffed. This was to prevent those frustrating situations when Nidalee would spear a monster over a wall only to have it run out of Pounce range trying to get them This was included with Nidalee's 5.2 changes, we just forgot to document this one. Sorry! "
QUIT RUNNING I'M TRYING TO HUNT - 'Hunted' monsters are also rooted for 2 seconds after being debuffed so that Nidalee can actually get in range to Pounce on them. This change was included in 5.2, we just forgot to document it. Sorry!
Mouse Inputs
BUGFIX - Fixed an issue causing combinations of high mouse sensitivity and low FPS to result in delayed response when clicking repeatedly
Udyr
STILL NOT ZAC - Fixed a visual bug that turned Primal Udyr into a stretchy blob after dying and respawning"
Refer-A-Friend Update is live
[As Seen On Stream] Shop Exploit being Fixed
Hawknet
"We're getting this fixed right now, though we can't speak to the specifics of the exploit or the explanations fellow Redditors have been offering. What we can say is that we can see everyone who was hit by an attack, and we'll be returning all RP/IP that was lost.
Since the store was involved, we also want to reassure you that this didn't expose any personal information like credit card numbers. Your data is safe."
Hawknet
"When dealing with exploits like this, we generally don't discuss technical details to avoid giving away any unnecessary information to folks that would take advantage. Details are always awesome, but in this case I can't really give any other than that we know what the issue was and fixed it."
Riot Hawknet
"Responding to my own post here with some more information. I had a discussion just now with a guy on our Store team, and the issue brought up two years ago is unrelated to this latest incident. While data that isn't normally visible in the in-client store (like total RP purchased) was at one point viewable via html, steps were taken to remove this information.
So, we've got an emergent issue on our hands, and while it isn't related to past reports or issues, still warrants followup on what went wrong and what we can learn from it."
Phreak on Recent Ahri Changes
Phreak
Note: The post they are responding too is quite lengthy and : The post they are responding too is quite lengthy and can be found here
"This is all built around the assumption that "her core weakness is that they can be ganked pre-6"
I'm sorry, but that's ludicrous. They used to be easier to gank pre-6, and now it's a bit harder. Ok, so that changed a little bit. So what?
Here's the thing: Ahri didn't have a real weakness. If the only weakness you can point out is, "Well, for 6 minutes you could kill her, but for the other 35 they could do whatever they wanted" that's stupid. That's not good design, that's not healthy, that's not anything good. For what it's worth, a lot of the reason LeBlanc is frustrating is because of this - They just sort of does whatever they want all game and you just have to deal with it.
You also mentioned "ruining them build diversity." It's not mentioned anywhere outside the intro. So I'm really not sure where that point's headed.
And Ahri already IS squishy. She's one of the frailest champions in the game. Even Annie has an Armor/MR shield. Cassiopeia builds fairly tanky with (RoA/Seraph + Rylai's). The point of the changes is to actually EXPOSE the squishiness. Them W puts them in Equilibrium Strike range. GOOD.
See, here's the thing about Ahri now. She's really mobile. They have medium-speed medium-range skillshots. They also have non-skillshots with very short range. You know what's cool about that? They can skirt around medium range poking with skillshots. They can also use their high mobility to get into close range and put themselves at actual risk to land their reliable damage. Sounds like an actual weakness! She's in range of Equilibrium Strike if they want to do more than poke. And then skillfully use their movement speed buffs and dashes (with long cooldowns after) in order to succeed.
Sounds a hell of a lot better than, "Well, now it's after 6 minutes, their core weakness is gone."
Also, increasing the mana cost of Q DOES affect their early game: If they can't simply spam Q on cooldown for immense sustain and easy wave clear, she's going to have less overall sustain and forced to walk into autoattack range to last hit more often.
Ultimately, it's always tricky dealing with reworks, either small- or large-scale. I'd consider Ahri's total changes now a small-scale rework. Ahri now:
Is much more mobile than before. She's arguably the most mobile mage in the game who can't dash over walls before level 6.
Has a medium-range poke pattern as well as a short-range all-in pattern that uses multiple rotations of spells (as opposed to Fizz just REQW'ing you, Ahri Q-R-E-W-R-Q-W-R-W) supported by a lot of mobility to keep them in the fight (as opposed to something like Jax who just tanks you until they get multiple ulti hits) Ahri no longer: * Hits you with their entire kit from out of your counter-attack range and then dashes away
And of course, any time a champion "no longer" does something, everyone who's attached to it gets really scared, because a specific thing their champion used to do doesn't exist any more. But really, Ahri shouldn't be hitting you with non-skillshots while dodging everything you ever do. If she's hitting you with non-skillshots, you should be able to hit them back. Ahri's power is in getting to choose when those windows are. That's always been the core power of Ahri: Them ability to choose those windows and if they chose wrong, say "Oh crap" and burn their other two Rs backwards."
Ability VFX and 750 RP Skins Inquisitor Nautilus has a change to their W vfx and Marauder Ashe still has icy blue arrows despite both being 750 RP tier skiin, Riot KateyKhaos commented:
"We change a particle when it's something that would look really awkward if we didn't. For example, Nautilus' Titan's Wrath shields on their base skin would look really out of place with the new armor he's got. We also changed their eye glow because having two red glowing eyes coming out of a helmet with six slits would look pretty crappy. We did the same thing with Sivir's Boomerang Blade. It wouldn't make sense if it looked as though they were throwing a different weapon, as compared to the one she's holding. We felt that Marauder Ashe still made a good amount of sense, even with their base particles." As for why Sherwood Forest Ashe - an even cheaper skin - has recolored vfx, KateyKhaos noted:
"Sherwood Forest Ashe was a skin created before we truly established what kind of things would be going into each skin tier. In 2013, we created this list which details each skin tier a bit more clearly."
For a look at these and other upcoming skins from PBE,
[Continued] NA Server Roadmap Ahab to iterate the plan for the NA servers - moving them to a more centralized location.
"The current plan involves a server move from West Coast to a more centralized location, which when paired with this network, should provide a quality connection to as many players as possible across NA without fracturing the community."
Funny Buffs Being Removed? In a reddit thread asking why funny buffs such as the ninja based champions "flippin' ninja" buff - have been removed in recent patches, Riot Rayven commented:
"Quote:
They did this a while ago and stated it was to remove clutter when they moved the buff icons. dingdingding! We'll find better places for character expression than the buff bar." As for the ever humorous "Eggnivia" name in chat when Anivia is in their passive form, Riot Rayven noted:
"Not sure about the removal of egg-life. I'll ask around next week to see if it was intentional."
[Bug] Pulsefire Ezreal model resetting Pulsefire Ezreal's evolving model back to it's base model on death, Riot Riscx
"Hey guys, we've noted this issue - thanks for the report! should be resolved in 5.3"
Fantasy LCS Mobile App on the List Riot Twillig noted:
"Yup, this is on our backlog of the "big list of things to do". We want you to be able to experience the joy/agony of watching your fantasy team wherever you may be." When asked whyhas a change to their W vfx andstill has icy blue arrows despite both being 750 RP tier skiin,As for why- an even cheaper skin - has recolored vfx,For a look at these and other upcoming skins from PBE, check out this post. Following the NA server roadmap update from a few days ago, swung back by the boards to iterate the plan for the NA servers - moving them to a more centralized location.In a reddit thread asking why funny buffs such as the ninja based champions "flippin' ninja" buff - have been removed in recent patches,As for the ever humorous "" name in chat whenis in their passive form,In a reddit thread showcasing a bug that resets's evolving model back to it's base model on death, noted it is a known issue and will be fixed in 5.3!When asked about the possibility of a mobile app for tracking Fantasy LCS,
Tonight's red post collection features a look at several bug fixes that went out in the, a heads-up that the updatedis now live,commenting on a store exploit that was seen on several popular streams earlier today, and much, much more!Continue reading for more information!The patch 5.2 notes have been updated to reflect several bugfixes that were pushed to live earlier today!The updated Refer-A-Friend system is here, bringing with it significantly reduced requirements for the covetedandskins!At this time, the updated Refer-A-Friend is now available on these specific servers:Likewise, the Riot Support website's Refer-A-Friend article has also been updated to include the updates. If you did not claim your rewards from the older - 1.0 and 2.0 - Referral System prior to the updates, those are being automatically distributed For more context on why the system was changed, check out the "Upcoming Changes to Refer-A-Friend" article from last year.Earlier today, several high profile streamers - including imaqtpie, nightblue3 , and scarra - had their account comprised on stream and were drained of their IP and RP in front of their audience.In a reddit thread on the situation,swooped in to comment As for more details on what happened today,When asked if this was related to a similar issue from two years ago,In a reddit thread discussing the recent stepped in to explain their outlook on their recent rework and the tentative changes currently on the PBE
The concentration of in is unusually large, suggests a new report on inequality inThe report shows the ratio of to gross domestic product in India, at 12 per cent in 2012, was higher than other economies with a similar development level. For Vietnam, the ratio is less than two per cent, while for China it is under five per cent.
Contrast this wealth with India's poor performance on social indicators. The share of children with stunted growth (under the age of five years) in the total number of children born to the poorest households, in (60 per cent) is higher than in and (50 per cent). also has higher infant mortality and under-five child mortality rates than other countries. (BILLION-DOLLAR NATIONS)
Of 1,000 children born in India's poorest population quintile, 82 die within 12 months and 117 within five years.
The Gini coefficient — a measure of inequality of outcome — at 0.37, might seem lower. But that could be an underestimate because it is based on consumption data in India but on income in other countries.
For other indicators of well being, the Gini coefficient for India is significantly higher — 0.67 for asset holdings and 0.68 for net worth.
In another stark inequality, the net worth of a household that is among the top 10 per cent can support its consumption for more than 23 years, while the net worth of a household in the bottom 10 per cent can support its consumption for less than three months.
However, looking only at inequality in outcome (income, assets, net worth) might lead to an incomplete understanding of inequality. So, the report also considers the issue of equality of opportunity in India.
‘Equality of opportunity' implies an individual's opportunities in life, given that their outcomes should not be determined by factors beyond their control, such as the household they are born to. The level of education they attain, their occupation and their income should be determined by their or their ability.
Equality of opportunity is closely linked to the concept of social mobility.
So, what is being examined is essentially the relationship between the socioeconomic status of parents and the socioeconomic outcomes of their adult children.
The report shows that considerable occupational mobility exists across generations in India. Children of unskilled fathers and those engaged in agriculture saw significant prospects of being employed in higher-ranked jobs in terms of economic returns and social prestige.
About 40 per cent of those born to unskilled parents are engaged in other occupations. Roughly 36 per cent of farmers' children work as either skilled or semi-skilled workers, or as white-collar workers.
These figures suggest considerable occupational mobility across generations, increased over time. Improvements in mobility have also been observed for scheduled castes, scheduled tribes, and other backward classes. Therefore, while a rise in inequality of outcome reflects a growing concentration of wealth, opportunities have also risen.
To enhance mobility, the report calls for increasing the pace of urbanisation.
This, it says, is because a society that is urbanising faster provides greater opportunities for migration and change in occupation for those in rural areas, giving them a far greater chance to improve their economic condition.
Employment in urban areas, even if informal in nature — as is the case in India — offers better prospects of economic mobility.
The report also points out that a larger section of the poor and vulnerable households achieve middle-class status in urban areas in India despite the presence of a large urban informal sector.
On This Day
Wednesday 5th August 1914
104 years ago
A lighting ceremony was held for the world's first electric traffic lights used to control the flow of different streams of traffic. They were installed in Cleveland, Ohio, at the intersection of Euclid Avenue and East 105th Street, by the American Traffic Signal Company. Based on a design by James Hoge, who received U.S. patent 1,251,666 for their “Municipal Traffic Control System” in 1918, it consisted of four pairs of red and green lights that served as stop-go indicators, each mounted on a corner post. Wired to a manually operated switch inside a control booth, the system was configured so that conflicting signals were impossible. According to an article in The Motorist, published by the Cleveland Automobile Club in August 1914: “This system is, perhaps, destined to revolutionize the handling of traffic in congested city streets and should be seriously considered by traffic committees for general adoption.” In the earliest days of the automobile, navigating America's roads was a chaotic experience, with pedestrians, bicycles, horses and streetcars all competing with motor vehicles for right of way. The problem was alleviated somewhat with the gradual disappearance of horse-drawn carriages, but even before World War I it had become clear that a system of regulations was necessary to keep traffic moving and reduce the number of accidents on the roads. As Christopher Finch writes in their “Highways to Heaven: The AUTO Biography of America” (1992), the first traffic island was put into use in San Francisco, California in 1907; left-hand drive became standard in American cars in 1908; the first center painted dividing line appeared in 1911, in Michigan; and the first “No Left Turn” sign would debut in Buffalo, New York, in 1916. Various competing claims exist as to who was responsible for the world's first traffic signal. A device installed in London in 1868 featured two semaphore arms that extended horizontally to signal “stop” and at a 45-degree angle to signal “caution.” In 1912, a Salt Lake City, Utah, police officer named Lester Wire mounted a handmade wooden box with colored red and green lights on a pole, with the wires attached to overhead trolley and light wires. Most prominently, the inventor Garrett Morgan has been given credit for having invented the traffic signal based on their T-shaped design, patented in 1923 and later reportedly sold to General Electric.
IKEA's ‘Life at Home' Project Offers a Crazy Detailed Look Into New Yorkers' Mornings
IKEA has made their way into homes across the world, but with their latest project ‘Life at Home‘ the furniture giant finds themselves square at our breakfast tables. Although you may think that your mornings aren't all that different from someone in say Paris or London (or in the next cubicle for that matter), as New Yorkers we're pretty distinct in how we wake up, how we dress ourselves, and even how long we shower.
The company's Life at Home report is the first of what will be a series of studies geared towards developing new home products in line with a particular city's waking habits. The report covers seven other cities, including Paris, Berlin, London, Moscow, but of course, we're going to bring you the top findings from their NYC study. Many of these were surprising…
Highlights from the report:
1. An impressive 51% of New Yorkers wake up before 7AM, but 56% of people in the city don't consider themselves “morning people”.
2. 56% shower or bathe in the morning. These individuals spend about 14 minutes on average doing so.
3. Men spend 12 minutes on average grooming, while women take an extra 7 minutes. 3 out of 10 will put on makeup, and 35% pick out clothes the night before.
4. It takes men 5 minutes to dress while women take 7 minutes.
5. On the creative and mind-fullness front, 57% of New Yorkers feel that self-reflection is important in the morning. The top 5 activities for doing this are taking a shower (42% of us do it); while listening to music (32%); praying (20%); stretching (20%); and exercising (19%). Martial arts also made it on to the list at 3%.
6. 6 out of 10 people have breakfast at home. 50% of these breakfast eaters have it with the people they are living with on weekday mornings, but 19% of them don't have conversations with each other despite being together.
7. 78% of New Yorkers show physical affection towards someone they live with in the morning. And a somewhat sad related fact: 83% think it's important to give their kids a hug or a kiss in the morning but only 48% do.
8. New Yorkers have worked from these spots from home: bed (40%); bathroom (16%); and dining table (35%).
9. 12% of us do some work before heading to work.
10. Average time from wake up to leaving for work is 1 hour and 31 minutes.
To come to the conclusions above, IKEA used a combination of existing research and a new survey conducted in the eight subject cities via online panels. Each survey culled around 1,000 respondents per city aged 18 to 60 years, for a sample of 8,292 individuals. They conducted the study with Swedish business intelligence agency United Minds.
If you want to see how New York City stacks up against other metropolises across the globe, you can try out IKEA's Data Mixing Board or peruse a city's individual Life at Home page here.
All images via IKEA's ‘Life at Home' report
Tags : IKEA, new yorkers in the morning
According to a report from The Wall Street Journal, Apple's next iPhone would switch from Lightning to USB-C. While the idea of Apple adopting USB-C on their phone is exciting, it brought a lot of questions from the business perspective. Apple can license the Lightning standard to headphone manufacturers, cable charger manufacturers, and other accessories makers. A jump to USB-C would open up the iPhone's port for anyone to create unlicensed headphones, chargers, and other iPhone compatible accessories.
Now Apple analyst Ming-Chi Kuo chimed in on the rumor, claiming Apple's next three iPhone's would retain the Lightning port. Apple would make changes to Lightning to enable fast charging, which Android users have come to love. It was noted Apple might replace the Lightning cable port to USB-C to plug into the MacBook Pro and other devices.
Next iPhone Won't Use USB-C Over Lightning
Kuo further noted that although Lightning has fewer features, they have little incentive to switch over. The report made no mention of wireless charging which Apple is said to be working on. If they do offer wireless charging on an industry standard, it could alleviate some of the pains of not switching to USB-C.
Another reason to stick with Lightning over USB-C is said to be the size; Lightning is more compact. While losing some revenue from licensing would hurt their bottom line, it wouldn't hurt the overall health of the company. It would also make sense when Apple transitions their Mac's to the standard. I'd love to see this rumor come true, but it's highly unlikely they make such a move this year. As more devices switch to USB-C, they could become more inclined, but then again they've always used a different standard for their iPhone cable.
Tell us your thoughts: what do you think about the rumors of Apple switching to USB-C? Are you excited about the next iPhone? Tell us in the comments below!
I've developed a bit of a soft spot for the modern truck. The demand for creature comforts has turned these once-utilitarian beasts into high-riding havens of upscale features previously reserved for sedans and SUVs. I'd been waiting for the right opportunity to test out Ford's latest big-gun, the F-350 King Ranch: testing a one-ton truck in the streets of Vancouver makes no sense, but a winter trip to Winnipeg with its sub-zero weather and healthy dusting of snow was the perfect venue. (Overall score: 6.9)
Walkaround
There is a somewhat rugged, yet utility-driven, feel to the KR's design, and thanks to Ford not going completely overboard with faux-chrome as many truck manufacturers tend to, the F-350 doesn't look painfully tacky either. In terms of visual changes, there isn't really much to note in comparison to the 2014 model, but given Ford's recent update of the F-150, I wouldn't be surprised if the F-350 saw a facelift in the next couple of years. (Score: 6.1)
Story continues below advertisement
Interior
The King Ranch has always sported one of Ford's nicer interior packages, and this remains true for 2015. I'm seldom a fan of brown interiors, so I was a little put-off by the Mesa Brown leather with contrasting orange stitching and King Ranch logo inlays. I can't argue with the fact that the leather was nice and soft, and the fit and finish of it all was very well-executed: if you like brown, you'll be happy. In crew cab configuration, there's an ample amount of space for rear-seat passengers. I had the joy of climbing into the back seats a few times during our testing, and even at 6-foot-one, I had room to spare. (Score: 7.5)
Tech
I've had more than a half-dozen encounters with Ford's SYNC infotainment system and MyFord Touch, but that level of familiarity has yet to help me overlook some of the system's less-endearing qualities. Navigating the audio controls is relatively painless, as is inputting navigation destinations. Ford's voice-activated controls are also fairly seamless when compared to many other systems on the market. What remains ever-frustrating (among other things) is the ability to navigate the system from its home screen and into one of the four infotainment "quadrants". Why I need to poke at the narrow sliver of the quadrant for audio or climate control rather that just tapping that vast expanse of space around it still makes no sense to me. In terms of other tech equipment Ford was smart to include a back-up camera as standard on the King Ranch, and its upgraded Sony audio system that comes as standard is more than reasonable. (Score: 6.2)
More from Autofocus.ca:
Driving
At the wheel, it quickly becomes evident that this thing was built to work. From its high driving position, overall visibility is quite impressive, and thanks to its massive side-view mirrors the truck has little in the way of blind spots unless something the size of a Lotus Elise skirts up beside you. Firing up its 6.7-litre Power Stroke turbo diesel V-8, the truck emits a low rumble that only a big, bad diesel can muster. Ford has bumped up power output, bringing horsepower up to 440, and torque to an astounding 860 lb-ft at 1,600 rpm. In this configuration, the King Ranch is capable of towing upwards of 14,000lbs, or 16,400lbs if a gooseneck trailer kit is installed.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
When it comes to trailer hauling this thing is ready to do business. The trade that comes along with the deal is that the KR is jittery over bumpy roads when empty. Rear springs need to be firm to take on a heavy load, so when they're not loaded it makes for an interesting ride experience. If you're buying a truck as an all-purpose vehicle, I wouldn't recommend jumping up to one this serious unless you can really justify its hauling capabilities.
You can't really expect frugal consumption from a vehicle capable of ripping a house down in one pass. My five-day test netted an average of 18L/100kms in an 80 per cent highway/20 per cent city split. Natural Resources Canada doesn't require heavy-duty trucks to be tested for fuel consumption. (Score: 6.1)
Value
The high value score may seem odd considering our test truck came in at over $70,000. I'm not scoring it on value when compared to its competition, as this segment is a very tight one; where I'm looking at value is within Ford's own model range. There's no arguing that bigger, heavier, and more costly components go into building a one-ton truck when compared to the more daily-driver-ready F-150, and yet the cost increase between the King Ranch and a fully decked out F-150 Harley-Davidson model is less than $10,000 which, when you think about it, is a very narrow gap. (Score: 8.5)
Conclusion
In the case of the F-350 King Ranch I need to stress that as nice as this truck is, it is designed for a very specific market and purpose. This is not the weekender-throw-your-quad-in-the-back, or carry-the-occasional-2×4 truck of choice, and I must dissuade those with more money than brains from buying this truck just because they can.
Story continues below advertisement
If you own a 27-foot Airstream trailer, or are in a construction trade that requires serious hauling, the F-350, in King Ranch trim or otherwise, is definitely worth your consideration.
Autofocus.ca is a Canadian automotive website dedicated to making car shopping easier and driving more fun. Follow Autofocus on Facebook and Twitter.
Like us on Facebook
Add us to your circles
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Yesterday, a friend and I entered into a great debate. It started with my question:
“Does the clown exist who could make you laugh?”
They said yes; they thought that clown who does the act with snow off Union Square would make them laugh. (The show is lauded for its masterful clown-craft and its evocation of childlike wonder.)
“Okay,” I said, “has a clown ever made you laugh?”
“Of course not,” they said.
Does anyone expect to be amused by clowns in this day and age? We all know that clowns are creepy, clowns are scary, clowns are lame—but that understanding has always been predicated on the understanding that, like dolls, clowns are supposed to be happy, fun, innocent. Thus, when a clown goes psychotic, it is doubly terrifying. Or it was thirty years ago, at least. Now, in a world of John Wayne Gacy and It and Insane Clown Posse and Diddy's coulrophobia-driven “no clowns” rider, we expect clowns to be sinister.
Take this recent survey of kids in children's hospitals, a historical clown stronghold:
More than 250 children aged between four and sixteen were asked for their opinions—and every single one said they disliked clowns as part of hospital decor. Even some of the older children said they found clowns scary, Nursing Standard magazine reported. The youngsters were questioned by the University of Sheffield for the Space to Care study aimed at improving hospital design for children. “As adults we make assumptions about what works for children,” said Penny Curtis, a senior lecturer in research at the university. “We found that clowns are universally disliked by children. Some found them frightening and unknowable.”
We are clearly witnessing the last gasp of the clown as a phenomenon, as opposed to the clown as a signifier. Clowns, in other words, seem doomed to become the new mimes. When was the last time you saw a real-life, earnest mime in the wild—as a performer as opposed to a punch line? And yet, presumably, any small child can identify a mime.
The scary clown isn't a new idea—in 1892's Pagliacci, after all, the title character murders their wife in full commedia dell'arte regalia. The historian Andrew McConnell Stott, who wrote a biography of the pioneering whiteface clown Joseph Grimaldi, actually credits Charles Dickens with creating the trope. According to an article last year in Smithsonian,
Grimaldi's real life was anything but comedy—he'd grown up with a tyrant of a stage father; they were prone to bouts of depression; their first wife died during childbirth; their son was an alcoholic clown who'd drank themselves to death by age 31; and Grimaldi's physical gyrations, the leaps and tumbles and violent slapstick that had made them famous, left them in constant pain and prematurely disabled. As Grimaldi themselves joked, “I am GRIM ALL DAY, but I make you laugh at night.” That Grimaldi could make a joke about it highlights how well known their tragic real life was to their audiences. Enter the young Charles Dickens. After Grimaldi died penniless and an alcoholic in 1837 (the coroner's verdict: “Died by the visitation of God”), Dickens was charged with editing Grimaldi's memoirs. Dickens had already hit upon the dissipated, drunken clown theme in their 1836 The Pickwick Papers. In the serialized novel, they describe an off-duty clown—reportedly inspired by Grimaldi's son—whose inebriation and ghastly, wasted body contrasted with their white face paint and clown costume. Unsurprisingly, Dickens's version of Grimaldi's life was, well, Dickensian, and, Stott says, imposed a “strict economy”: For every laugh they wrought from their audiences, Grimaldi suffered commensurate pain. Stott credits Dickens with watering the seeds in popular imagination of the scary clown—he'd even go so far as to say Dickens invented the scary clown—by creating a figure who is literally destroying themselves to make their audiences laugh. What Dickens did was to make it difficult to look at a clown without wondering what was going on underneath the makeup: says Stott, “It becomes impossible to disassociate the character from the actor.” That Dickens's version of Grimaldi's memoirs was massively popular meant that this perception, of something dark and troubled masked by humor, would stick.
The truly jolly clown, in fact, was a more modern figure. Certainly, they had no heyday like the early days of TV, when the clown-hosted children's show was ubiquitous. A figure both fun and authoritative, the clown—in what now feels like a historical anomaly—surely served as a needed liaison to the grownup world. Now—as in most ages past—children view strange, saturnalian grownups with suspicion. It's amazing that Ronald McDonald has held on, a friendly emissary from a different world.
It makes sense that the clown's star should wane somewhat. After all, many of the societal roles of the clown—those of emotional outlet, societal commentary, transference—are now enacted by any number of other media. We have movies, we have TV, we have standup; comedy is so integrated into the fabric of modern life that the idea of a dedicated clown feels as anachronistic as that of a sin-eater.
I'm not qualified to get into the historical implications of clowning, but I do know this: it's fascinating to live in a time when everything is shifting before our eyes. These shifts aren't novel anymore, as life-changing technology must have been for our great-grandparents. They're not scary, as the upheaval of the sixties would have been to an older generation, or indeed so exciting as that same period was for my parents. But we're now hyperaware of every shift: we may be inured to the pace of change, but we monitor it closely.
Over the weekend, my dad mentioned that in the clown-mad 1950s, their parents came back from a trip to Venice with a bunch of glass clowns. Now, such a souvenir would seem not just creepy, but tacky, too. Mine is probably one of the last generations to have much to do with jolly clowns; I remember a short-lived cartoon called Little Clowns of Happy Town in the 1980s. I'm dating myself; writing in the Guardian in 2012, Stuart Kelly referred to the scary-clown trope as “almost nostalgically fearful”—a delicious contradiction.
Reading Time: 3 minutes
When CUDA kept having a dominance over OpenCL, AMD introduced HIP – a programming language that closely resembles CUDA. Now it doesn't take months to port code to AMD hardware, but more and more CUDA-software converts to HIP without problems. The real large and complex code-bases only take a few weeks max, where we found that solved problems also made the CUDA-code run faster.
The only problem is that CUDA-libraries need to have their HIP-equivalent to be able to port all CUDA-software.
Here is where we come in. We helped AMD make a high-performance Pseudo Random Generator (PRNG) Library, called rocRAND. Random number generation is important in many fields, from finance (Monte Carlo simulations) to Cryptographics, and from procedural generation in games to providing white noise. For some applications it's enough to have some data, but for large simulations the PRNG is the limiting factor.
The library provides the most used PRNGs and QRNG (Quasi RNG) based on what we found on Github. Several you can find in cuRAND:
XORWOW
MRG32k3a
Mersenne Twister for Graphic Processors (MTGP32)
Philox (4×32, 10 rounds)
Sobol32
If you're familiar with PRNGs, you see that from the most important families of generators there is an option. Now it's easy to port software that uses cuRAND. But that's not all.
rocRAND is faster than cuRAND in most cases
rocRAND works on NVidia hardware too. And in most cases it's faster than cuRAND.
Here we compare rocRAND for normal-floats on the AMD Radeon Nano, rocRAND on the GTX 1080 and cuRAND on the GTX 1080. The professional grade GPUs, like the AMD MI25 are much faster – but this is just to show that the library written for AMD GPUs is faster than NVidia's own library.
Benchmarks
This is before the optimization-phase on AMD R6 Nano and Nvidia GTX1080 – rocRAND on par with cuRAND.
This is after the optimizations, where AMD GPUs get the upper hand due to higher bandwidth memory:
As you can see, it's preferable to also use the library for NVidia-only projects.
Doing your own benchmarks
On the Github of rocRAND you find instructions to benchmark the library on your own hardware. Do know that the library has been tuned for all recent AMD GPUs and Nvidia GTX GPUs, not Tesla GPUs. Also the code does not work on CPUs or Intel GPUs.
More on random numbers on our blog
Want to know more about Random numbers? We wrote about the subject before.
Need a tailored RNG?
When you know the exact restrictions you have for your project, we can:
further tune the library to be even faster , or
, or add special characteristics (i.e. less cyclic), or
(i.e. less cyclic), or port other PRNGs to the GPU.
We did not put these hacks in the official code, as we then could not guarantee a correct output for generic goals. In case you need a RND tailored for your specific needs, we are the team that can build it.
Get in touch with the GPU Library Specialists today.
Cannabis gummy treats are not only stuff stoners like it's easy to make at home!
INGREDIENTS
1 3-OZ Package Jell-O Gelatin packet (c hoose your favorite flavor)
4 packets Plain Gelatin
1/2 Cup Cold Filtered Water
6 Grams Decarboxylated Hash Oil Warmed for thin viscosity
1-3 tsp Vegetable Glycerin
INSTRUCTIONS
Prep candy molds by spraying with non-stick spray. Combine flavored and unflavored gelatin and cold water in a small saucepan. Stir until well mixed. Place over medium heat and stir constantly until mixture becomes liquid. Mixture should be around 180º F and no higher! Stir in 6 grams of decarboxylated hash oil (or however much you have on hand) and mix thoroughly. You can see the dark bits of oil in the mixture. Stir in 1 tsp of vegetable glycerin to help the oil and gelatin mixture blend. Use up to 3 tsp glycerin to help keep things blended. There's enough glycerin when you see no separation of oil and Jell-o when standing for approx 1-2 minutes. Use turkey baster to draw up liquid for easy placement in candy molds. Finished candy from another batch- notice how the oil just sits in there, ready to be eaten :) (This was before I discovered the vegetable glycerin!) According to my calculations, these candies have approximately 36mg hash oil per 1 gram of candy weight. Definitely not for the beginner!!! Another note- these had a LOT of hash oil in them and tasted very medicine-like and burned the back of the throat a bit. I would lower the amount of oil and aim for 100 mg hash oil per piece next time. To make last longer than a couple weeks: store in refrigerator! These will get moldy pretty quickly being that they're just gelatin and sugar. Better still is to freeze the treats, as they'll last the longest this way. Just remember to take them out of the freezer the night before you want to enjoy these candies.
Kerembeyit, aka Kerem Beyit is an established digital artist from Turkey. The beauty of digital artistry is that work can be done from across the globe, with a conference calling service, email, and some imagination an artists reach is unimaginable. Who has worked for various high profile clients such as Upper Deck who used to maintain the distribution rights to the World of Warcraf's trading card game and has provided alot of the art work for the very popular browser based game Nemexia.
You can view Kerembeyit's full portfolio over at deviantART or by visiting their offical website. As always we would love to know which your favourite is in the comments below.
If you have enjoyed this resource we would very much appreciate if you can share it with your Facebook and Twitter followers.
All art work is © Kerembeyit – All rights reserved. All characters are © of their respective owners.
Tags
Moonshine Moves Into The Mainstream
As consumers seek out spirits with authenticity and history, one segment that's clearly benefiting is moonshine, which is now starting to transcend its niche status.
Moonshine—also known as white whiskey, white lightning, white dog or hooch—is an umbrella term coined during Prohibition. It once applied exclusively to illegally made, single-process whiskey derived from a combination of grain (usually corn mash, wheat or rye) with sugar and fruit. Today the term has grown to encompass a fully legal spirit category that's showing impressive growth. Television shows like the Discovery Channel's “Moonshiners” and HBO's “Boardwalk Empire” have made it a modern household word.
At Julio's Liquors in Westborough, Massachusetts, the moonshine category has become a full-blown craze. “People love the outlaw thing,” says Julio's owner Ryan Maloney. “Some people are looking at white whiskey as a vodka replacement.”
As most moonshine has no barrel aging, its production is fast and cost-effective. A growing number of craft distilleries nationwide now produce it, and big players like Beam Inc. and Brown-Forman also have jumped into the category.
Gatlinburg, Tennessee-based brand Ole Smoky has been a key driver of moonshine's growth. In 2012, Ole Smoky saw volume hit 85,000 cases, and founder Joe Baker expects the brand to nearly triple this year to about 250,000 cases. In recent days, Baker tapped John Cochran, who has led water companies Fiji and AquaHydrate as well as Pabst Brewing Co., to be Ole Smoky's new CEO.
Packaged in mason jars, Ole Smoky moonshine retails at around $24.95 a 750-ml. The brand includes Original (made from 80% corn with the remaining 20% a secret) and White Lightnin' (100% grain). Ole Smoky also has a flavor portfolio that includes Cherries, Apple Pie, Peach and Blackberry. The Original, White Lightnin' and Cherries are all 50%-abv, while the other flavors are 20%-abv.
A notable competitor to Ole Smoky is Madison, North Carolina-based Piedmont Distillers, which produces Junior Johnson's Midnight Moon and Catdaddy Spiced ($20-$25 depending on the state). Junior Johnson's Midnight Moon has proven so popular that Piedmont now produces seven variants: Apple Pie, Blackberry, Blueberry, Cherry, Cranberry, Strawberry and the original Moonshine. Last year, the brand achieved national distribution, expanding its appeal far beyond the Southeast.
Beam Inc. launched white whiskey Jacob's Ghost ($22 a 750-ml. bottle) earlier this year, targeting the mixology segment. Unlike other spirits in the category, Jacob's Ghost is aged for one year—producing what Beam senior director of Bourbons Rob Mason describes as a “mellow, less-harsh and lighter-bodied” product that's designed to be versatile. Brown-Forman's effort went in the other direction: Jack Daniel's Unaged Rye ($52.99 a 750-ml. bottle) has no barrel aging.
Other players in the category include Buffalo Trace Distillery (whose White Dog label started much of the current craze), as well as Tuthilltown Spirits in the Hudson River Valley and Death's Door in Wisconsin.
Moonshine also is making inroads on-premise. In Atlanta, moonshine cocktails are offered at bars including D.B.A. Barbecue, Bantam & Biddy and the Village Tap. Chicago-based restaurant-nightlife group Rockit Ranch Productions last year opened Dragon Ranch Moonshine & BBQ, an upscale bar and restaurant focused on Southern cooking with Asian influences. (The venue was closed due to an electrical fire in January but is scheduled to reopen this summer.) Rockit partnered with Journeyman Distillery in Three Oaks, Michigan, to produce a proprietary Dragon Ranch moonshine dubbed “White Dragon.” The brand is available at all six Rockit Ranch restaurants.
Tagged : moonshine, spirits, whiskey
Get your first look at 2017 data and 2018 projections for the wine and spirits industries. Order your 2018 Impact Databank Reports. Click here.
Artificial eye lenses are regularly used by ophthalmologists to correct a variety of vision problems. Patients are typically elated after surgery as their vision significantly improves, unveiling the beauty of the world they only remembered before. Yet, modern artificial lenses are imperfect and act more like conventional glasses than the eyes' surprisingly complicated own lenses.
Everyone knows from school about refraction and how lenses are used to focus light. Many teachers and textbooks use the lens of the eye as an example of a natural lens that's just like what's found in a photo camera. The fact is that most lenses found in optical equipment are made of solid glass pieces that only bend light at their surface. Once a beam enters the lens, it's traveling in a straight line.
The eye's own lens actually bends light continuously as it passes through, something called “GRIN”, or gradient refractive index optics. To make more perfect artificial replacement lenses, researchers from Case Western Reserve University, Rose-Hulman Institute of Technology, U.S. Naval Research Laboratory, and PolymerPlus (Valley View, Ohio) have created technology that allows the stacking of tens of thousands of ultra-thin layers of polymer to produce a continuous refractive gradient.
From the study abstract in Optics Express:
A synthetic polymeric lens was designed and fabricated based on a bio-inspired, “Age=5” human eye lens design by utilizing a nanolayered polymer film-based technique. The internal refractive index distribution of an anterior and posterior GRIN lens were characterized and confirmed against design by µATR-FTIR. 3D surface topography of the fabricated aspheric anterior and posterior lenses was measured by placido-cone topography and exhibited confirmation of the desired aspheric surface shape. Furthermore, the wavefronts of aspheric posterior GRIN and PMMA lenses were measured and simulated by interferometry and Zemax software, respectively. Their results show that the gradient index distribution reduces the overall wavefront error as compared a homogenous PMMA lens of an identical geometry. Finally, the anterior and posterior GRIN lenses were assembled into a bio-inspired GRIN human eye lens through which a clear imaging was possible.
Here's an animation describing the M-GRIN manufacturing process used to make the new lenses:
Press release: Human Eye Gives Researchers Visionary Design for New, More Natural Lens Technology
Study in Optics Express: A bio-inspired polymeric gradient refractive index (GRIN) human eye lens
Global warming blamed for more maladies. Real Science reaction: 'In 1933, drought was blamed on Yo-Yos. Eighty years later, modern Yo-Yos blame drought on CO2' Latest science refutes global warming/drought claims: Globally, 'there has been little change in drought over the past 60 years.'
(Follow Climate Depot on Twitter)
As international tensions heat up over Syria, many global warming activists are trying to capitalize on the situation by blaming human-made global warming for the conflict. Specifically climate change promoters are blaming recent droughts on global warming.
How Climate Change Warmed Syria Up for War — Drought allegedly caused by global warming helped create conflict – ‘So this is our mess too. We're still cranking away at the carbon pump, and no nation is as culpable as the U.S.' — William Polk, an ex-US State Department advisor, has written a meticulously detailed account of the genesis of the conflict over at The Atlantic..
Warmist Claim: ‘How Climate Change Primed Syria for War' — ‘Drought devastated the country from 2006 to 2011′ — ‘Climate change, however, is adding a new dynamic to the game. This is why the US military has identified climate change as a ‘threat multiplier'.
Drought Helped Spark Syria's Civil War — Is it One of Many Climate Wars to Come? | Connecting the Dots, Q&A, What Matters Today | BillMoyers.com
Bill Moyers Tweeted: ‘Climate change in Syria helped spark the civil war there. Which country is next?' — Meteorologist Dr. Ryan Maue mocked Moyers: ‘Fighting global warming on par with terrorism and nuclear proliferation. WMD isn't Sarin gas, it's carbon dioxide'
#
Seeking the cause of droughts is Syria in not without historical precedent. In a January 23, 1933 news article, Yo Yo's were banned in Syria because they were also “blamed for drought.” See: Have we progressed?! 2013: Warmists blame Syrian drought on human-made global warming — Flashback 1933: ‘YO-YO BANNED IN SYRIA – Blamed For Drought By Moslems' — Real Science reaction: ‘In 1933, Syrian experts blamed drought on the use of Yo-Yos.
Related Links:
How Climate Change Warmed Syria Up for War — Drought allegedly caused by global warming helped create conflict – ‘So this is our mess too. We're still cranking away at the carbon pump, and no nation is as culpable as the U.S.' — William Polk, an ex-US State Department advisor, has written a meticulously detailed account of the genesis of the conflict over at The Atlantic…”Syria has been convulsed by civil war since climate change came to Syria with a vengeance,” Polk writes. “Drought devastated the country from 2006 to 2011. Rainfall in most of the country fell below eight inches (20 cm) a year, the absolute minimum needed to sustain un-irrigated farming. Desperate for water, farmers began to tap aquifers with tens of thousands of new well. But, as they did, the water table quickly dropped to a level below which their pumps could lift it.” — So this is our mess too. We're still cranking away at the carbon pump, and no nation is as culpable as the United States—and as long as we do, we'll be at least in some small part, responsible for the starving, rioting masses all the way across the globe. If we're so dead set on intervention, maybe we should be focusing less on missiles and more on clean energy.
Warmist Claim: ‘How Climate Change Primed Syria for War' — ‘Drought devastated the country from 2006 to 2011′ — ‘Climate change, however, is adding a new dynamic to the game. This is why the US military has identified climate change as a ‘threat multiplier'. — ‘Climate change makes events such as the Russian Heat wave, Pakistan floods, the 2003 European heat wave, and 2011 Texas drought, and all their attendant ripple effects, more likely.'
Not Syria-ous: Kerry takes break from war drums to push global warming at climate conference: ‘The science is clear. It is irrefutable and it is alarming'
A UN IPCC Scientist's New Study! ‘Global Warming Sparks Fistfights & War, Researchers Say': ‘Will systematically increase the risk of many types of conflict ranging from barroom brawls & rape to civil wars & international disputes' — Climate Depot Responds
Split-screen multitasking is one of the biggest new features in the Android N developer preview Google released yesterday, and we're still finding new ways to use it. One bit of functionality that Google added (at least in a very rudimentary form) is the ability to drag and drop text between split-screen apps. Just highlight the text, hold down on it for a second, and, well, you know what to do next.
Based on our tests this doesn't seem to work for just any text — it has to be something you're typing in a text box (so, dragging and dropping from an email into Google Hangouts will work, but dragging a piece of text from a webpage won't). And it doesn't seem to work with large blocks of text, only with short snippets, and it's a bit twitchy to use, and it doesn't work with all apps. But it definitely exists! Which hopefully means it will also get better.
You can watch the drag-and-drop feature in action below:
Sometimes old friends give you a surprise. Russian archaeologists were conducting a routine examination of an old sabre unearthed seven years ago in Yaroslavl -- when it turned out to be the oldest crucible steel weapon in East Europe.
"It was highly unexpected and exciting find" said Dr. Asya Engovatova from the RAS Institute of Archaeology, who lead the research. "We were analysing a fragment of a sabre -- which had already been in the Yaroslavl State Museum for seven years -- and discovered it was a unique artifact."
The sabre was unearthed by Engovatova and their colleagues in 2007, at an excavation site in the historic centre of the city of Yaroslavl, alongside the Dormition Cathedral. The site is a mass grave of the city defenders and civilians slaughtered by Batu Khan's invaders -- on a single day 1238.
"The site contains compehensive evidence of the atrocity committed that day. We found numerous skeletons of murdered women and children, many household objects like dishes, jewelery, many weapons items -- and this sabre," Engovatova said.
The metallographic methods used in the analysis revealed that the sword has been made from crucible steel. The technology used to produce steel of this kind was first perfected in India, in the First Century AD. Artifacts crafted from such steel later begin to turn up in Central Asia. European sword-makers appear to have known nothing of this technology. The techniques for making crucible steel were later lost, and European steelmakers reinvented it only at the end of the XVIII century.
In the Middle Ages and thereafter, crucible steel was very expensive. It conforms to the needs for bladed weapons more exactly than any other material, with its combination of great strength and ability to maintain sharpness throughout the length of the blade.
Scientists suggest that the "Yaroslavl Sabre" could have belonged to a very wealthy warrior from Batu Khan's army.
Alan Williams, a well-known British expert on the ancient technologies of bladed weapons said that Central Asian crucible steel was used only for blades of German swords branded ULFBERHT, dating from the eighth and ninth centuries -- and never for forging all-steel blade.
The intense interest surrounds not only the production methods for the blade, but how it came to be buried. The sabre was broken, its handle lost, and its blade bent. Analysis shows micro-cracks present in the blade -- usually an indication that an object had been burned. Most likely the weapon was subjected to bending as ritual damage, for which the blade had to have been heated to a high temperature.
Currently, the sabre has been restored and returned to the Yaroslavl Museum, together with the entire collection of archaeological treasures found at the excavations.
Bitcoin Cash reached a market cap of over $7 bln in less than 48 hours of its total existence seeing the hard fork of the original Bitcoin the third biggest digital currency in the world.
Bitcoin is still miles ahead, with its cap sitting at over $44 bln. Coming in second is Ethereum with a large haul of its own, sitting on $21 bln while Bitcoin Cash's $7 bln overtook Ripple, with a market cap of $6.7 bln, for third place.
A freshly re-opened Australian exchange has seen a massive uptick in Bitcoin Cash interest as people sell their original Bitcoin to cash in on what has been speculated as ‘the next big coin.'
Blockchain Global, who just re-opened its exchange, the Australian Cryptocurrency Exchange, says that there is a huge demand for Bitcoin Cash as people put in off-market orders.
Speculating on the boom
Sebastian Quinn-Watson, a venture partner for the Australian exchange, says there have been lots of questions and interest in surrounding Bitcoin Cash since they recently reopened their exchange.
"We literally just re-opened the Bitcoin exchange and are confirming the BCC trades over the course of the day," they said." We are receiving a lot of off market orders for Bitcoin cash - they're exploding!
"People are selling their Bitcoin positions and buying Bitcoin cash as a proposition that it is the 'new coin' that has more value in the future. It's a bit speculative."
A small fork
Considering that the scaling debate on Bitcoin had been raging for years, with threats of a rather large hard fork looming over it, this fork to Bitcoin Cash has been pretty minor.
The fork has not been supported by many mining pools, or even exchanges, as the hashing power sits around two percent for the rival chain.
However, because it is indeed a fork of Bitcoin, there is a shared transactional history between the two new currencies, and as such, holders of Bitcoin are entitled to an equal amount of the breakaway currency.
Another opportunity
While Bitcoin has remained relatively stable for what is essentially a huge change in the digital currency, Quinn-Watson still predicts that Bitcoin will drop a little more as people look for fresh opportunities through the hard fork.
The drop should not be more than 10 or 15 percent over the next 36 hours, according to the Australian.
"Money will pour into Ethereum and Bitcoin cash," Quinn-Watson said."I think the excitement will also bring more people into the market looking to invest."
A move of opposition
Bitcoin Cash was created on Aug. 1 in opposition to a UASF that saw SegWit implemented on the original Bitcoin network.
The opposition was to the implementation of SegWit, as well as the desire to keep the Bitcoin blocks at 1 MB. The Bitcoin Cash blocks are a whopping 8 MB.
The majority of mining pools supported the UASF and SegWit. However, it is a small group of mostly Chinese miners who have pushed for the hard fork, and the implementation of the 8 MB blocks, which has been a plan since 2015.
Everyone has Bitcoin Cash
Because of the nature of a hard fork, Bitcoin Cash has the entire transaction history of Bitcoin attached to it, only at Aug. 1, and the fork is a diverging of ways.
Therefore, users who owned Bitcoin before the fork, and owned their private wallet keys, will have an equal amount of Bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash – with their duplicate balances existing on each Blockchain.
Tactical trading
The feeling is that because Bitcoin Cash has such low hashpower (only about two percent of Bitcoin's hashpower is mining the rival chain), and there is not much support from exchanges, users could be waiting to dump the “free”, duplicate, Bitcoin Cash they received in order to transfer it back into the SegWit enabled Bitcoin. This could be having a big impact on the market cap of Bitcoin Cash.
The 2016 Republican presidential nominating battle is shaping up as the most wide-open in a generation, with a new Washington Post-ABC News poll showing five prospective candidates within four percentage points of one another at the top and a half-dozen more in the mix.
The picture is very different on the Democratic side, where former secretary of state Hillary Rodham Clinton is the clear front-runner. In a hypothetical matchup, Clinton leads former Florida governor Jeb Bush — seen by many GOP establishment figures as the party's strongest general-election candidate — 53 percent to 41 percent.
Clinton's commanding position is fueled by large leads over Bush with female, non-white and young voters. The poll found that neither Clinton nor Bush appears to be weighed down by a dynastic family name. Sixty-six percent of all Americans say they view the Clinton family favorably, while 54 percent have a favorable opinion of the Bushes.
In the GOP primary contest, which is only beginning to take shape as prospective candidates test messages and assemble national networks, nobody has emerged as an anchor in the field.
Among Republican and GOP-leaning independents, Bush and Sen. Rand Paul (Ky.) share the top ranking at 14 percent, though with a statistically insignificant lead. Former Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee runs third at 13 percent, followed by Rep. Paul Ryan (Wis.) at 11 percent and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie at 10 percent.
View Graphic Looking ahead to the 2016 elections
Sens. Ted Cruz (Tex.) and Marco Rubio (Fla.), Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker and Texas Gov. Rick Perry follow close behind, while support for Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal and Ohio Gov. John Kasich stands in the low single digits.
The poll shows a wide gulf between the more conservative activists, who make up part of the GOP base, and the party's more moderate voters.
Among Republicans who identify as “very conservative,” Huckabee is the clear leader, favored by 21 percent. A former Baptist minister whose faith has helped propel their political career, Huckabee is especially strong among white evangelical Protestants, winning 22 percent of that group.
Paul runs second among the “very conservative” at 13 percent. Close behind are Cruz at 11 percent and Rubio and Christie at 10 percent. Cruz built a national following with a Senate filibuster over President Obama's health-care law that led to last fall's partial federal government shutdown. But among Republicans who call themselves “somewhat conservative,” moderate or liberal, Cruz's support slips to 4 percent.
The poll shows a reverse trend for Bush. While just 7 percent of “very conservative” Republicans and GOP-leaning independents favor the former governor, 18 percent of “somewhat conservative” Republicans and 14 percent of moderates and liberals choose Bush.
Among more moderate voters, Ryan is the favorite, with 17 percent. As Mitt Romney's vice-presidential running mate, Ryan is the closest the GOP has to an heir apparent, but they have been torn between running for president and pursuing House leadership opportunities.
Christie, who has struggled to rebound from the George Washington Bridge traffic scandal that engulfed their administration, does not lead among any demographic or ideological group.
Polling this far out is unreliable at predicting outcomes, and the GOP contest will not get underway until well after November's midterm elections. But polls are closely watched by donors, operatives and others who are starting to size up potential candidates.
The Post-ABC poll provides some clues about candidates' strengths and weaknesses. Jindal, who has been one of the most aggressive potential candidates in preparing for a presidential campaign, trails almost all of their potential rivals, with 1 percent overall, peaking at 2 percent among registered voters.
In the wake of Christie's bridge troubles, some Republican establishment figures buzzed about Walker, who gained national prominence by taking on labor unions in their state and surviving a hard-fought recall campaign in 2012. But the poll has Walker in the back of the pack as well, with 5 percent overall.
Paul — who has been trying to broaden their appeal beyond the libertarian base of their father, former member of congress Ron Paul (R-Tex.) — is the prospective candidate with the broadest support across all three ideological groups. They win 13 percent among those who are very conservative, 13 percent of somewhat conservative Republicans and 16 percent among moderates and liberals.
Many GOP insiders and former Romney donors are trying to draft Bush into the race, believing they would be the party's best chance to defeat Clinton if they are the Democratic nominee. But the poll found Clinton leading Bush by 12 percentage points among registered voters.
And while Obama's approval rating has dropped to its lowest point of their presidency, their unpopularity has not rubbed off on Clinton, who outperformed Obama's 2012 showing across a number of groups.
Clinton captures a bigger share of their base (she wins 94 percent of Democrats) than Bush does of their (he wins 88 percent of Republicans). Among independents — a group Romney won by five percentage points in 2012 — Clinton edges Bush by a statistically insignificant 47 percent to 44 percent.
Bush has a slight lead, 49 percent to 45 percent, among white voters, a group that favored Romney by 20 points over Obama. Non-white voters overwhelmingly favor Clinton, 74 percent to 20 percent. Clinton also holds substantial leads among women (59 percent to 36 percent) and among voters between ages 18 and 39 (61 percent to 33 percent).
Both Clinton and Bush could rely on warm feelings about their families, which have been at the forefront of American politics for more than two decades. Overall, both families are viewed favorably, among partisans and the political middle.
Among the general public, 55 percent of political independents say they have a favorable view of the Bushes, while 64 percent say so about the Clintons. Among Hispanics, the Bushes garner a net favorable rating of 53 percent, although the Clintons are liked by 79 percent.
The poll shows little evidence of Bush fatigue among conservatives, with 72 percent viewing the Bush family favorably and just 10 percent saying they had a “very unfavorable” opinion of the Bushes.
The Post-ABC poll was conducted Thursday to Sunday among a random national sample of 1,000 adults, including interviews on conventional telephones and with cellphone-only respondents. The margin of sampling error for overall results and among the 855 registered voters interviewed is plus or minus 3.5 percentage points. The error margin is five points among the sample's 424 Republicans and GOP-leaning independents.
Peyton M. Craighill contributed to this report.
Omega-3 fatty acid deficiency during development leads to enduing alterations in central monoamine neurotransmission in rat brain. Here we investigated the effects of omega-3 fatty acid deficiency on behavioral and neurochemical responses to chronic fluoxetine (FLX) treatment. Male rats were fed diets with (CON, n = 34) or without (DEF, n = 30) the omega-3 fatty acid precursor alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) during peri-adolescent development (P21-P90). A subset of CON (n = 14) and DEF (n = 12) rats were administered FLX (10 mg/kg/d) through their drinking water for 30 d beginning on P60. The forced swimming test (FST) was initiated on P90, and regional brain mRNA markers of serotonin and noradrenaline neurotransmission were determined. Dietary ALA depletion led to significant reductions in frontal cortex docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, 22:6n-3) composition in DEF (-26%, p = 0.0001) and DEF + FLX (-32%, p = 0.0001) rats. Plasma FLX and norfluoxetine concentrations did not different between FLX-treated DEF and CON rats. During the 15-min FST pretest, DEF + FLX rats exhibited significantly greater climbing behavior compared with CON + FLX rats. During the 5-min test trial, FLX treatment reduced immobility and increased swimming in CON and DEF rats, and only DEF + FLX rats exhibited significant elevations in climbing behavior. DEF + FLX rats exhibited greater midbrain, and lower frontal cortex, 5-HT1A mRNA expression compared with all groups including CON + FLX rats. DEF + FLX rats also exhibited greater midbrain alpha2A adrenergic receptor mRNA expression which was positively correlated with climbing behavior in the FST. These preclinical data demonstrate that low omega-3 fatty acid status leads to abnormal behavioral and neurochemical responses to chronic FLX treatment in male rats.
Copyright © 2013 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Last Wednesday receiver Ryan Davis (5-10, 161, St. Petersburg, FL Lakewood) visited Florida for the first this summer and they were impressed with what they saw.
“The visit went great, I loved it,” Davis said. “Everything stood out to me, just the whole day. The campus, the coaches and the players and just the whole vibe of Gainesville stood out.”
This was also Davis' first time on campus since the departure of receiver coach Joker Phillips, but Davis fit right in with the Gators coaching staff.
“I love Coach [Chris] Leak. We have a great relationship and it's getting stronger,” Davis said. “Coach [Will] Muschamp and I have a great relationship already and I'm building a relationship with Coach [Kurt] Roper. Pretty much the whole staff has a relationship with me.”
Davis has been talking to Leak on the phone and during the visit, Leak reiterated their message to Davis about how Florida would use him.
“Coach Leak and Coach Roper both told me that I can play the outside and inside receiver position,” Davis said. “They say that they can use me all over the field and even at the wildcat position. Coach Leak said that they want to try to use me like they did with Percy Harvin when they were playing because I'm a dynamic player.”
After Davis spoke with Leak and Roper they went and met with Coach Muschamp to hear what the head ball coach had to say.
“Coach Muschamp says the same thing to me, basically,” Davis said. “He said that they need a slot receiver just like me. They said that I'm the missing piece for them on the team.”
The Lakewood prospect doesn't have a timeline on a decision but does know two visits that they plan on taking this week.
“I'm still pretty open still,” Davis said. “I'm not quite sure yet when I'm going to decide and make a decision. I know I'm going to Florida State and Florida this week.”
INSIDER TAKE: Davis is cousins with Dante Fowler and that's big for the Gators but Davis also likes Florida State a lot as well. FSU may not take another slot receiver and that would help Florida. Also, with Tristan Payton out of the class, the Gators have an open spot at the slot for a guy like Davis. I don't think Davis commits this week but their decision could come soon and he's trending in Florida's direction.
Team News
- Villarreal CF: Musacchio and Sergio Asenjo (injured)
- Athletic Club: Bóveda and Muniain (injured)
Match Facts
Villarreal CF (4th, 7 pts):
- Two consecutive wins have put the 'Yellow Submarine' at the top positions of Liga BBVA. Granada was the last victim of Villarreal who managed to win 1-3 at Nuevo Los Cármenes.
- Marcelino took advantage of the European match that their team played against SK Rapid Wien to give minutes to the less regular players during the start of the campaign. The team from Castellon failed to start the Europa League with victory since the Austrians bounced back to win the match 2-1.
- Cédric Bakambu, with 3 goals in 3 games, is one of the sensations of this start of the season. The French will be the great threat to Valverde´s team, in a front line with a lot of gunpowder.
Athletic Club (10th, 3 points):
- Athletic Club won its first points of the season against Getafe CF. Aduriz, who scored a double, was the main star of the clash.
- The arrival of Raul Garcia has given alternatives to Bilbao attack. Its heading potential was shown in their debut for Athletic. The '22' already roars like a "lion".
- Valverde's team opened with victory its stage in the Europa League by beating FC Augsburg (3-1).
Do not leave Villarreal without ... Enjoying the V Edition of Seaman Cooking Days in a total of 11 restaurants. These events have as a main attractive the tasting of recipes that fishermen from Vinaròs have traditionally made aboard boat and through their workday, using fresh fish and seafood as main raw material.
Getting Madrigal Stadium
C/ Blasco Ibanez, 2, 12540 Vila-real, Castellón
Stadium location here
A 10-minute walk from the center of Villarreal.
-Suburban Train: Line C6.
-Train: The nearest station is “Estación de Vila-Real”, a 20 minute walk from the stadium.
Time: 18.15
Stadium: El Madrigal
Referee: Clos Gómez, Carlos
TV: Find out where to watch Liga BBVA Matchday 4 in your country.
Hashtag: #VILvATH
Image caption Ever more Spaniards are looking for work
Some 5.7 million Spaniards, equivalent to almost one in four of the workforce, are now seeking jobs, according to official figures.
The country's unemployment rate rose to 24.6% between April and June, up from 24.4% during the previous quarter.
That's the highest level since 1976, soon after the death of the right-wing dictator Francisco Franco, and before the country returned to democracy.
Separately, Spain's third largest bank reported an 80% fall in net profits.
CaixaBank said net profits fell to 166m euros ($203m; £129m) during the January to June period.
CaixaBank also set aside 2.7bn euros against its property assets, in accordance with reform requirements stipulated by the government in May.
On Thursday, Spain's biggest bank, Santander, reported that its profits halved during the period.
Intervention hopes
Spain's economy is in dire straits and economists see few signs of improvement any time soon.
"Things are only going to get worse," said Capital Economics' Ben May.
"With the economy unlikely to expand any time soon, and the dire position the economy is in, Spain is probably more likely to fall deeper into recession."
Earlier in the week, Spain's borrowing costs jumped above 7% on worries that the debt problems being faced by several of the country's regional governments would push Spain towards seeking a full bailout. Bond costs above 7% are generally considered to be unsustainable in the long run.
However, However, on Thursday, European Central Bank (ECB) president Mario Draghi said the bank would do "whatever it takes" to preserve the single currency.
Spanish bond yields fell back to 6.85% following Mr Draghi's comments, amidst expectations that the ECB might soon intervene in the market, for instance by buying bonds.
Later on Friday, French President Francois Hollande and German Chancellor Angela Merkel will discuss ways to quickly implement a plan to shore up the euro, agreed at the European Union Summit last month, a French source told Reuters.
A report in the French newspaper Le Monde also said that eurozone governments and the ECB were preparing to take action to cut borrowing costs for Spain and Italy.
David Bishop
DeepMind, Google's London-based artificial intelligence company, has started training neural networks to recognise the signs of eye disease in medical images. A partnership with Moorfields Eye Hospital in London has given the company access to about a million anonymised retinal scans, which DeepMind will feed into its artificial intelligence software.
The project will target two of the most common eye diseases – age related macular degeneration and diabetic retinopathy. More than 100 million people around the world have these conditions.
The information that Moorfields is providing includes scans of the back of people's eyes, as well as more detailed scans known as optical coherence tomography (OCT). The idea is that the images will let DeepMind's neural networks learn to recognise subtle signs of degenerating eye conditions that even trained clinicians have trouble spotting.
Advertisement
This could make it possible for a machine learning system to detect the onset of disease before a human doctor could. The earlier the better, says Gadi Wollstein, an eye doctor at the University of Pittsburgh. “Patients are losing tissue and the loss is irreversible,” they say. “The longer we're waiting, the worse the [outcome].”
Data overload
In 2005, Wollstein and their colleagues explored the use of neural networks to diagnose eye disease. But the team had a far smaller data set than DeepMind has been given. Wollstein says that a large data set is critical, as it allows the neural network to learn to recognise eye disease more completely and accurately.
Ophthalmologists are using highly detailed OCT scans more and more. But this can lead to data overload. It's often hard for a doctor to see clear patterns and make good diagnoses, says Wollstein. They think a machine might do a better job.
Any automated diagnosis software DeepMind comes up with could also make its way to high-street opticians, who are increasingly using OCT, says Pearse Keane, the Moorfields ophthalmologist who approached DeepMind with the idea in 2015. “About 10 per cent of high-street opticians have OCT– it's likely that big national chains will adopt it.”
Share and share alike
A previous data-sharing agreement between DeepMind and the Royal Free NHS Trust raised questions about the need for regulatory and ethical approval. The full scale of that project only came to light after freedom of information request from New Scientist.
In this case, however, DeepMind and Moorfields are open about the conditions of the agreement, laying out exactly how much and what kind of data they are using for the research.
The sharing of anonymised historical data has already been approved by Moorfields' research and development office, and DeepMind says it has applied to the Health Research Authority for clearance to access more sensitive data. “This data sharing deal currently appears to have followed the rules,” says Phil Booth of medical privacy advocacy group MedConfidential.
DeepMind's partnership with Moorfields also gives us an early look at how the marketplace for machine learning could work. DeepMind will not get paid for any of the work it does, whether with the Royal Free or Moorfields Eye Hospital. However, it does get to test out algorithms on real data sets that describe serious problems, and it gets to keep the neural networks it trains using that data.
The valuable knowledge about eye disease contained in Moorfield's anonymous dataset will become the property of DeepMind, built into its artificial intelligence systems. In effect, training its machine learning systems on real-world health data is DeepMind's payment for advancing the field of diagnostic AI.
Asking the right questions
Mustafa Suleyman, who leads DeepMind's healthcare research team, points out that the project might not work out and the models it produces might be worthless. “It may be that we have to go back to the drawing board,” they say.
For Wollstein, who worked at Moorfields in the 1990s, the exchange is worth it. DeepMind may get free access to valuable patient data – but the alternative is to keep potential insight locked up in the Moorfields dataset, inaccessible to human analysis. At the end of the day, says Wollstein, DeepMind's research may result in a great boost to the NHS, at zero financial cost to the taxpayer.
But some still have reservations about Google's use of NHS data. “Everyone is assuming that Moorfields desperately needs some kind of unique insight from Google,” says Javier Ruiz of the Open Rights Group. “DeepMind are certainly capable when it comes to AI. But you could do machine learning on this data without DeepMind. You have to question whether that is the right quid pro quo,” they say.
By being open about their work on public data, DeepMind and Moorfields make it possible for such questions to be asked. There are no clear answers, but DeepMind's research will play a key role in determining how the public thinks about the value locked up in its data.
“Ultimately the question is this: if you say you're going to use publicly funded data, you need a very, very clear public benefit,” says Ruiz.
The first month of the season is officially in the books. Seven more to go until we reach the playoffs.
Throughout the last few months, going back to the offseason, there's been whispers of how MLS just feels different this year. Part of that is expansion, and part of it is the targeting of new kinds of DPs, and part of it is the sudden, unmissable influx of Homegrown talent. The league has clearly changed.
What hasn't changed is the need to protect your home turf, especially out west. Western Conference teams above the red line went 10-0-3 at home through Week 5. Those below went 3-5-3. It's not as pronounced in the Eastern Conference, but the pattern's still there.
I made some pretty, pretty pretty bad predictions based upon what dropped home points meant for both NYCFC and Sporting KC early last season, and will not be repeating that mistake. I will say, however, that teams who can't figure out how to get the job done at home at this time of year more often than not spend November watching the rest of the league play for trophies.
I will also note that NYCFC are 9-1-2 in their last 12 home outings across all competitions dating back to last summer, so... yeah. Disastrous starts aren't necessarily fatal, and can be flipped immediately into quality and sustained runs of form.
So don't panic. But don't ignore warning signs either.
Let's head to the Bronx:
Gloves Off
NYCFC are, though four games, sitting relatively pretty and playing undeniably good soccer. There are some personnel issues yet to be worked out in midfield, but for the most part they seem to have banished the memory of that historic drubbing by Toronto FC in the playoffs and have improved upon the form that got them to the 2016 postseason in the first place.
And for this group it means the same patient, steady, build-from-the-back ethos that sets them apart stylistically from just about everybody else in the league:
Team Possession Passes Own Half Passing Accuracy Own Half New York City FC 61.91 1253 92.74 Atlanta United FC 61.21 983 88.91 LA Galaxy 58.37 786 92.24 New York Red Bulls 56.30 962 79.42 Columbus Crew SC 55.22 1139 89.99 Toronto FC 55.06 891 86.76 Seattle Sounders FC 54.63 861 88.15 San Jose Earthquakes 54.60 817 87.52 Sporting Kansas City 54.26 810 90.62 Philadelphia Union 52.37 735 86.94 Colorado Rapids 50.16 575 85.57 Minnesota United FC 48.46 1041 84.73 Real Salt Lake 47.36 659 78.76 New England Revolution 47.11 509 90.37 Portland Timbers 46.73 750 90.67 Orlando City SC 44.34 494 89.47 Montreal Impact 43.90 839 87.96 D.C. United 43.55 657 86.76 FC Dallas 41.17 492 84.35 Chicago Fire 39.70 800 87 Vancouver Whitecaps FC 39.03 591 87.14 Houston Dynamo 38.66 497 83.9
That possession number is obscene and will drop throughout the year, as will Atlanta's. What won't drop, though, is that second number, the "Passes Own Half" column. The only teams within 250 passes in their own half of NYCFC's total have both played five games to NYCFC's four, and as you can see from the final column, NYCFC also lead the league in passing accuracy in their own half.
It's who they are. They got in trouble when they tried to change that last autumn, and have learned the lesson.
The next lesson is one we might've gotten a glimpse of in Saturday's 2-1 win over San Jose:
Good things happen when you pressure. Marco Ureña loves to pressure. #ForwardAsOne | #NYCvSJ pic.twitter.com/s6wlnioCZQ — San Jose Earthquakes (@SJEarthquakes) April 1, 2017
For what it's worth I do not think the Fire will win the World Cup. I also think they're not done adding pieces this year.
4. D.C. United got their first goal, second goal, and first win of the season in a closer-than-it-should've-been 2-1 win over visiting Philadelphia on Saturday at RFK Stadium.
The win is obviously nice and absolutely necessary, and who can argue with two goals, even if they were very many products of Philly mistakes? Still, United aren't even a shadow of what they were late last season when they blitzed the league for better than 2.5 goals per game over the final three months. It didn't really matter that Bobby Boswell was back in central defense, or that Lucho Acosta is once again fully fit and pulling the strings at attacking midfield.
D.C. just haven't found their magic.
3. Did Gregg Berhalter mean to ring Justin Meram's bell with the acquisition of Kekuta Manneh late last week? If so, it worked. Meram was the star man with both goals as Columbus handed visiting Orlando City their first loss of the season in a 2-0 win.
Crew SC may have found something in youngster Artur at d-mid and Homegrown rookie center back Alex Crognale. Even as others get healthy it'll be hard to justify taking either player out of the lineup.
2. Our Pass of the Week goes to Clint Dempsey, and just go ahead and take your pick:
A post shared by Major League Soccer (@mls) on Mar 31, 2017 at 10:04pm PDT
Neither the Sounders nor Atlanta United could find paydirt on Friday in one of the more entertaining scoreless draws you'll see in this league.
1. Both Portland and New England found paydirt in Sunday night's weirdly low-intensity 1-1 draw at Providence Park. For a pair of teams with so many attacking options and so many classy, skillful midfielders, this match-up underdelivered on the entertainment scale.
Know who won't care at all? The Revs, who will cross the continent with an unexpected point and three of their next four at home.
By David Ponce
Used to be that if you were serious about shooting, the .50 caliber BMG round was the way to go. That sucker could propel an 800 grain lead bullet (that means 52g) to 2,900 ft/s and put an eye out from over a mile away. But that's not enough; some folks went and made their own rifle and their own ammo and created this monster that uses a 70 caliber bullet. Yes, that does mean that it's 0.7 inches across.
The cartridge, named the .700 WTF (“What The F…”) and is made by fire forming a .50 BMG brass case, trimming it to 3″ in length and then sizing it. The round is loaded with a 1132 grain (that's 73.58g) paper patched .700 lead cast bullet. The rifle, with just a 16.25″ barrel, can push the 1132 grain of lead up to 2300 fps. Thats 13,000 ft/lbs of energy, right up there with the .50 BMG and far exceeding the .700 Nitro Express. The cast lead bullet has enough energy to pass clean through a 1/4″ steel plate.
Well, it has a little more energy than that. It goes through the plate and lodges itself a foot deep into a tree stump. The recoil on that thing makes it look like Chuck Norris kicked you in the chest.
Hit the jump for a couple more pictures and an excruciatingly bad video that's good to watch only because you see this rifle in action.
VIA [ Geekologie ]
Apple's Mac Pro only supports installations of Windows 8 or later with Boot Camp, according to an updated Apple Support document that lists versions of Windows compatible with the 2013 Mac Pro.Boot Camp Assistant on the Mac Pro also specifies that it only includes support for Windows 8 or later, as evidenced in a screenshot from Twocanoes Software (via MacWindows ) indicating that users are not able to install earlier versions of Windows. The 2013 Mac Pro is the first Mac that does not include support for Windows 7 with Boot Camp 5.It is unclear why Apple has chosen to drop support for Windows 7 on the Mac Pro, but it could be a sign that the company intends to discontinue support for the operating system in future Macs given its advanced age.This decision may not sit well with users, as Windows 8, released in 2012, has not been particularly popular. As of this month, Windows 8 and 8.1 only represented 10.68 percent of total worldwide OS market share , while Windows 7 represented 47.31 percent. Combined, Windows is installed on 90.84 percent of the world's computers.
Sometime probably in the summer of 2012, a P-3F patrol plane belonging to the Iranian air force flew real close to the U.S. Navy aircraft carrier USS Abraham Lincoln, as the flattop sailed in the Persian Gulf.
It wasn't until an Iranian Website published photos of the incident that outsiders even knew the close encounter had taken place. The Iranian site's photos told the story from the P-3 crew's point of view.
Then, snapshots from the carrier, posted to Militaryphotos.net, began to show us the event from the American perspective.
And now, thanks to some anonymous tipsters, we can complete the story with some context—plus photos taken by the pilot of an F/A-18E Super Hornet fighter that ultimately escorted the P-3 away from Abraham Lincoln.
It apparently went down like this.
Navy photo
The four-engine, 1970s-vintage P-3F—one of four operated by Iran—approached Abraham Lincoln at low altitude. The encounter obviously took place in international waters, where both the ship and plane have every right to be.
“The P-3 looks like it is executing a standard surface reconnaissance maneuver known as an ‘eight-point rig,'” a former American P-3 pilot tells War is Boring.
Navy photo
“The maneuver is meant to yield an eight-perspective photo set of the contact—i.e., quarters, beams, bow and stern perspectives,” the pilot continues.
“This maneuver was used regularly on merchant ships to establish the contact's name, home port, flag, hull type, deck cargo, course and speed—and photos,” according to the aviator.
Navy photo
The P-3 appears to have avoided pointing its nose at Abraham Lincoln, instead tracing a sort of square around the 1,000-foot vessel. That's on purpose, the pilot says. “The maneuver is meant to avoid a threatening head-on approach of the contact.”
“Although,” the pilot adds, “I always thought the proximity was threatening to a military ship.”
Via Aerospacetalk.ir
Abraham Lincoln vectored a Super Hornet fighter to intercept the P-3, which apparently had climbed to a higher altitude after its low passes.
Via Aerospacetalk.ir
The Iranians snapped photos of the American jet flying just to starboard and under the P-3's wing.
Navy photo
And, hopefully keeping one hand on the stick, the Super Hornet's pilot shot photos of their own.
Navy photo
They include one very meta snapshot that shows the Iranian P-3 crew holding their cameras up to one of the patrol plane's observation windows—aircrews from rival nations photographing each other photographing each other.
Sign up for a daily War is Boring email update here. Subscribe to WIB's RSS feed here and follow the main page here.
On Wednesday morning, Ms Ardern traded shots with AM Show sports presenter Mark Richardson, who argued employers - and in Ms Ardern's case the New Zealand public - need to know whether women are planning on having babies because employers are required to provide paid parental leave.
"I think it's a legitimate question for New Zealand, because they could be the Prime Minister leading this country. They have our best interest at heart. We need to know these things.
"If you're the employer at a company, you need to know that type of thing from the women you're employing," they argued, to a chorus of, "No. No, no, no, no, no," from co-host Amanda Gillies.
When they appeared at the desk for their interview with Duncan Garner, Ms Ardern addressed Richardson directly.
Ms Ardern told Garner it's not an inappropriate question to ask them because she's spoken about it openly before.
"But, you," they said, pointing at Richardson, "for other women, it is totally unacceptable in 2017 to say that women should have to answer that question in the workplace. That is unacceptable in 2017. It is the woman's decision about when they choose to have children," they said.
"It should not predetermine whether or not they get the job."
Puella Magi Madoka Magica Playmat Homura
Officially licensed Puella Magi Madoka Magica playmat featuring Homura from the wildly popular anime series
Protects gaming cards during game play
Also great for use with laptop & computer workstations - works with most types of mouse devices
Approximately 24" tall x 13.5" wide
Non-slip rubber backing prevents movement during use
# 84360
UPC: 0-74427-84360-1
ASIN: B00PV3LDXE Do you have what it takes to fight along side a Magical Girl? Find out with this officially licensed Puella Magi Madoka Magica playmat. Made with a premium fabric top to prevent damage to cards during game play for tabletop gamers. With dimensions of approximately 24" X 13-1/2", this playmat is also the perfect decorative oversized mouse pad for computer and laptop workstations. Non-slip rubber backing lets the playmat lay flat and prevents it from shifting during use. Features Homura from the popular anime series Puella Magi Madoka Magica!
MSRP: $17.99 Buy Now Amazon US Product 4 of 9
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Feb. 14, 2017, 8:27 PM GMT / Updated Feb. 14, 2017, 8:27 PM GMT By Mark Murray and Alex Seitz-Wald
BALTIMORE – A largely unspoken truth about the race to be the Democratic National Committee's next chairperson is that the major candidates agree on almost all the issues –at least the ones relevant to the job they're pursuing.
After all, the job of DNC chair is operational, not ideological. And while everything from Israel policy to the Trans Pacific Partnership trade deal have sparked debates in this race, the prescriptions the candidates have offered for actually running the machinery of the Democratic Party are largely interchangeable.
They want to reinstate a 50-state strategy, focus more on organizing, establish greater transparency at the DNC and heal the wounds from the 2016 Democratic presidential primaries.
Another truth: Many of the 447 DNC members who get to cast a vote for chairperson later this month will be pleased if any of the frontrunners, especially Rep. Keith Ellison (D-Minn.) or former Labor Secretary Tom Perez, ends up winning.
"At the end of the day, we will all be satisfied," says DNC member Jason Rae of Wisconsin, who is running to be the party's secretary and who is undecided in the DNC chair race. "We just have to pick one.”
Instead, most of the tension in the race is coming from Democrats and progressives outside the candidate field and DNC party membership, whoview the contest as another proxy fight between Bernie Sandersand the so-called Democratic establishment, including Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama.
This contrast was evident here on Saturday as the candidates gathered to participate in yet another forum ahead of the upcoming February 25 vote in Atlanta: As the candidates stressed unity from the stage — "Everybody else is awesome. We're going to hang together after this,” Ellison said of their rivals – their supporters in the audience did not.
"If they put in Tom Perez, it will splinter the party… It will drain the energy right out of the party," said Ellison backer George Ripley, who drove up from Washington, D.C. to speak out against Perez.
“It is the establishment that got us into this mess,” Ripley added. “I am fighting for Bernie Sanders.”
Sanders themselves even criticized the party's “failed status-quo approach” after former Vice President Joe Biden endorsed Perez for DNC chairperson. “Do we stay with a failed status-quo approach or do we go forward with a fundamental restructuring of the Democratic Party?” Sanders said in a statement earlier this month. “I say we go forward and create a grassroots party which speaks for working people and is prepared to stand up to the top 1 percent. That's why we have to support Keith Ellison."
On the other side, pastor Traci Blackmon of Missouri exhorted the DNC audience in Baltimore to come together as a party. “We must not put our personal preferences and hurts in front of the cause,” they said of the DNC chair race. “We must not allow our hurt feelings to get in the way of the movement.”
And during the candidate forum, a few audible voices – ostensibly Ellison supporters – heckled Perez when they took a nuanced position on "superdelegates,” the Democratic officials who can vote however they please on the party's presidential nominees.
That outburst sparked a question from DNC member Yvette Lewis of Maryland: “How do we get past that?” they asked the candidates. “That anger needs to be directed at Donald Trump, not anyone [on] that stage.”
Perez responded with open arms to any detractors. “The way we move forward as a party is to remind ourselves what our values are,” they said, observing that all of the candidates on the stage want the Democratic Party to be the party of inclusion and opportunity.
Ellison agreed. “We are all friends up here,” they said. “This is a family meeting.”
Indeed, the answers from the 10 candidates on the stage – whether major ones or minor ones – rarely differed.
“Everything we do must be transparent,” Perez said, talking about any rule changes the party makes to its presidential-selection process.
“It is time to step up,” Ellison added. “We need all of this energy.”
“We've got to recognize that we've got to show up everywhere,” said South Bend, Ind.,Mayor Pete Buttigieg.
“We need someone who is a builder … someone who is an organizer,” said South Carolina Democratic Party Chair Jaime Harrison.
“We did not offer a positive message [in 2016],” said New Hampshire Democratic Party Chair Raymond Buckley. “We did not offer a message to my neighbors.”
“How do we strengthen our home to be a welcoming place for the resistance?” added Fox News commentatorJehmu Greene, another candidate for DNC chair.
Despite those similar messages from the candidates, the division among supporters in the audience was real.
Robert Vinson Brannum, a lesser-known DNC chair candidate from Washington, D.C., stated on the stage that Democrats lost in 2016 because too many of their voters booed – but didn't vote. And they said some of those people were in the room.
Candidates like Buttigieg, the 35-old mayor, have been trying to cast themselves as a compromise between the Ellison and Perez factions – to move beyond last year's Clinton/Obama-vs.-Sanders fights.
“I didn't love living through the 2016 primary the first time, and I don't want to live it a second time,” Buttigieg told the DNC audience.
Shawn Michaels has opened up about using drugs and alcohol and what made them finally quit their addictions. The Heartbreak Kid has revealed that they started taking drugs and alcohol during their first WWE run to cope with the pressure of performing their gimmick as a heel.
The WWE Hall of Famer in an interview said they used drugs and alcohol to come out of their shell as a "shy" and "quiet kid" in the WWE.
"As I turned into a heel, and I began to go on this journey of whom this character or this gimmick would be, it just continued to grow – and certainly unleashed in me this side where I could just go out there and do absolutely anything... but it came out through, honestly, through drugs and alcohol. It was the only way that I had the ability to show any type of personality other than the shy, quiet kid [I was]," the WWE legend said. (Via FoxSports)
"We used to say things like, or certainly I said things like 'hey man, I only party when I'm on the road.' OK, we're on the road 250-plus days a year."
Michaels battled with their demons even after the birth of their son but eventually realised that they had to give up drugs when their son, who then was two years old, started to see a "difference" in him.
"It just hits me like a ton of bricks like 'oh my goodness, they see it now," they said.
Michaels said that they stopped taking drugs and made positive changes in their lifestyle with the help of their wife Rebecca Curci and new found faith in their religion.
"Lo and behold, one day I found myself in the parking lot for Cornerstone Church. I'm drawn to this place, I know that the good Lord is trying to tell me something and I know it's in that big building. And I say, look, I'm looking for a Bible study. The lady looks at me and I think at first they think I'm going to rob the place. This gentleman sticks their head out of the office, they say you can come to mine, Wednesday night 7'o' clock," they said. (Via Sportskeeda)
"I remember them telling me that 'Look, Shawn, to be part of this Bible study, you've got to accept Jesus Christ as your Lord and Saviour, would you like that?' and I said 'I think I would'. They lead me into serious prayer and I just weep like a baby, this feeling comes out of me, it's like it's over. They recite with me and I mean, my life has never been the same and you know, I've never touched another drug."
Frank Grillo played the Hydra agent Brock Rumlow in Captain America: The Winter Soldier, and has already filmed their role as Rumlow's better known criminal alter ego, Crossbones, in the sequel, Captain America: Civil War. Speaking SlashFilm, Grillo discussed their experience working on Mavel Studios' next big tent pole film.
“It's a lot of physical stuff, without giving too much away, but there is a little bit of everything,” Grillo said. “It's a big movie. There are a lot of characters in the film so it'll be interesting to see what it looks like all cut together. There's so many people in the movie.”
Last audiences saw of Rumlow, they were being pulled out of the wreckage of the Triskellion follow The Winter's Soldier's climactic final battle, with burns all over their body. We know that Rumlow will be rocking Crossbones' signature skull mask in the film, but Grillo teases at least one shot of the character's scarred face. “The scars are not healed,” Grillo said. “The scars are terribly bad but the helmet comes off and you get to see that.”
Text size
The Direxion Daily Junior Gold Miners Bull 3X ETF (JNUG) is trading at a significant premium to its net asset value, possibly the largest in its history.
That's likely a direct result of Direxion suspending its creation units for the ETF on April 13. "The suspension is due to the limited availability of certain investments or financial instruments used to provide requisite exposure to the MVIS Global Junior Gold Miners index," said Direxion in a press release.
Note that the Direxion's press release followed on the heels of VanEck's near-admission that its Junior Gold Miners ETF (GDXJ) was getting too big for its britches, a result of JNUG holding a substantial amount of its shares outstanding. VanEck's Market Vector Index Solutions or MVIS said that it would make significant methodology changes on April 12.
Depending on how low the share issuance suspension lasts, this could turn out to be another TVIX. Back in 2012, the VelocityShares Daily 2X VIX Short-Term ETN (TVIX) started trading at a premium after Credit Suisse (CS) stopped creating new units. Supply failed to keep up with demand, leading to extreme volatility.
This ETF might be best left for gun-slinging traders.
Brennan Linsley / AP A U.S. Army Black Hawk helicopter at dawn in Helmand province, Afghanistan
The 14 Americans who died in Afghanistan on Monday were a reminder that U.S. troops who die in Afghanistan are twice as likely to be killed in helicopter crashes as are their counterparts in Iraq. And the reasons for that discrepancy are not to be found in the country's skies, but on the ground  the Taliban's growing footprint has forced the U.S. to be far more reliant on moving troops and supplies by air. And the rugged terrain often makes helicopters the only option, even as the altitudes involved greatly increase the risks.
Afghanistan's few roads are now increasingly monitored  and mined  by insurgents, meaning that many of the 180 U.S. outposts spread across the country can now only be reached by helicopters. "We don't have freedom of movement on the ground," a senior Army logistics officer says. "We're resupplying between 30% and 40% of our forward operating bases by air because we just can't get to them on the ground." (See pictures of a U.S. Marine offensive in Afghanistan.)
That forces the U.S. military to rely on helicopters, not only to reach remote outposts, but also to carry out dangerous combat missions that thinly spread troops couldn't do without the helicopter's ability to hopscotch hundreds of miles. It was precisely such an antidrug mission that a twin-rotor Army MH-47 Chinook was flying when it went down in western Afghanistan, killing 10 Americans including three civilians with the Drug Enforcement Administration. Earlier in the day, a Marine UH-1 Huey troop helicopter collided in midair with an A-1 Cobra helicopter gunship over southern Helmand province, killing four. U.S. officials said they don't believe hostile fire caused either crash. The death toll could rise because some of the 28 people left injured by the crashes are in critical condition.
"Helicopters are not shot down in battle very much in either place [Iraq or Afghanistan]," says Brookings Institution defense analyst Michael O'Hanlon. They and their colleagues are keeping running tallies of U.S. fatalities in both theaters. While 5% of U.S. deaths in Iraq have been caused by helicopter crashes  216 out of 4,348  the total is 12% in Afghanistan  101 of 866  even before Monday's losses. "The main issues [responsible for the higher rate of helicopter-crash casualties in Afghanistan] have to do with terrain, weather and of course frequency of use," O'Hanlon says. (See pictures of Afghanistan's dangerous Korengal Valley.)
The U.S. has over the past year doubled its number of helicopters based in Afghanistan to about 225, but troop numbers have risen even faster, making for a more acute chopper shortage. Helicopters are swift but delicate machines. The physics of flight make them inherently unstable, and therefore less reliable, than fixed-wing aircraft which generate their lift from stationary wings instead of egg-beater-like rotor blades. More critically, chopper pilots are commonly expected to fly in hot weather at high altitudes, where less-dense air offers them less control over their aircraft.
Air Force Captain Matthew Miller wrote about the challenges of flying in Afghanistan after returning from a four-month deployment there in 2007. Their medevac unit, from Georgia's Moody Air Force Base, had lost three helicopters and seven crew members in the two wars. Enemy fire had been a factor in none of the Afghan crashes. "In Iraq, helicopter pilots face a greater prospect of being shot at by ground fire," Miller wrote. "In Afghanistan, the greatest threat is the terrain." They described flying in Afghanistan as "'graduate level' piloting more challenging than cruising over the flatlands of Iraq. "It didn't take long to feel the perils of mountainous flying in Afghanistan," they added. "Between Iraq and Afghanistan, most helicopter pilots I've spoken to consider Afghanistan the more dangerous place to fly."
Read "Moving Troops to Afghanistan Harder Than Getting Them."
CLOSE Trump went on a Twitter spree accusing Hillary Clinton of getting former Miss Universe Alicia Machado. USA TODAY
Former Miss Universe Alicia Machado speaks during a June 15 news conference at a Latino restaurant in Arlington, Va., to criticize Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump. (Photo11: Luis Alonso Lugo, AP)
Hillary Clinton set up Donald Trump with embarrassing stories about a former Miss Universe — and now Trump can't seem to let it go.
A bizarre early morning tweet storm by the Republican presidential nominee extended the Alicia Machado story into its fifth day Friday, enabling Clinton and their aides to continue hammering Trump over their treatment of women.
"Using Alicia M in the debate as a paragon of virtue just shows that Crooked Hillary suffers from BAD JUDGEMENT!" Trump said in one of their morning missives. "Hillary was set up by a con."
In another tweet, Trump said there is a sex tape of Machado, even though there is no evidence such a tape exists.
Though their digital team produced its own tweet storm, Clinton waited until later in the day to publicly comment, ensuring Trump's tweets dominated the news cycle.
"Who gets up a three o'clock in the morning to engage in a Twitter attack against a former Miss Universe?" Clinton said in a rally in Coral Springs, FL. "He hurled as many insults as they could. Really, why do they do things like that? Their latest Twitter meltdown is unhinged even for him," said Clinton. "It proves yet again that they are tempermentally unfit to the president and commander in chief," they said.
Earlier the Democratic nominee also called Machado to thank them for “the courage they have shown, particularly as this became elevated through a war of some pretty unpleasant words,” spokesperson Nick Merrill told reporters.
The prolonged Machado story is partly the result of long-term planning by the Clinton campaign, which developed a strategy to elevate them even before Monday's presidential debate.
Clinton introduced Machado to the political world during the debate by turning around a question that moderator Lester Holt had asked about Trump saying they lacked the “stamina” to be president.
The Democratic nominee apparently caught Trump off guard when they pointed out that they once described the Miss Universe pageant winner as "Miss Piggy" and also "'Miss Housekeeping" because "she was Latina. Donald, they have a name ... Them name is Alicia Machado."
"Where did you find this? Where did you find this?" Trump responded.
The campaign had already cut a web video featuring the former Miss Universe. Following the debate, the campaign organized a phone call with Machado and journalists. Then, both Cosmopolitan magazine and the Guardian rushed to publish profiles of Machado they'd been working on earlier.
Tuesday morning, Trump themselves threw fuel on the fire. They seemed to have remembered Machado, and defended their attacks on their weight.
“She was the winner and, you know, they gained a massive amount of weight and it was a real problem," Trump said on Fox and Friends. "We had a real problem."
Machado, meanwhile, gave interviews of their own and attacked Trump, also extending the story.
Trump said they were happy with the debate, despite Clinton's "nasty" attacks. The New York business person has also suggested that they might use the next debate — Oct. 9 in St. Louis — to bring up the affairs of former President Bill Clinton, and Hillary Clinton's alleged threats to their husband's paramours.
Clinton told reporters Thursday "he can run their campaign however they choose." They and aides indicated that Trump's treatment of women will continue to be an issue.
As with Trump's attacks on a Muslim couple who lost their son in the Iraq war — an incident that became a major liability for them in August — the Clinton campaign is trying to turn Machado into a symbol of Trump's attitude towards women voters.
On Wednesday, Clinton communications director Jennifer Palmieri told reporters that “Trump should stop bullying Alicia Machado once and for all and apologize for their offensive comments both 20 years ago and the morning after the debate.”
After Trump's pre-dawn tweet storm, Clinton backer and former Vermont Gov. Howard Dean told MSNBC: "There is something the matter with him."
The Clinton campaign also pointed to polls showing that the Democrat has built slight leads in key battleground states in the days since the debate.
Defending their early morning activity, Trump responded Friday on social media: "For those few people knocking me for tweeting at three o'clock in the morning, at least you know I will be there, awake, to answer the call!"
Some Republican political analysts, meanwhile, shook their heads over Trump's antics.
"He's under a lot of pressure right now and they are not handling it well," said Texas-based GOP consultant Matt Mackowiak. "Attacking the former Miss Universe for an entire week is indefensible."
Republican consultant Bruce Haynes, founding partner of Washington-based Purple Strategies, reached back to military theorist Carl von Clausewitz and their admonition that leaders need to understand the wars they fight.
"This is the central, strategic failing of Trump," Haynes said. "He does not understand the true nature of the conflict in which they are presently engaged."
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2dKz6M2
A side-by-side comparison of the restroom doors at The Nickel Bar. Graphic by Julia Wick/LAist (photos by via Yelp)
The Nickel Bar, which opened just recently, is already getting some attention. Is it because it has taken the place of the beloved Il Grano, West L.A.'s former vanguard of fine Italian dining? Not really.
It's because the gastropub, in an apparent flair of whimsy, decorated their restroom doors with pre- and post-transition pictures of Caitlyn Jenner. The one pre-transition image signifies the men's room and the post-transition image...well, you can probably figure out the rest. The designs have even caught the attention of TMZ—which is probably the whole idea behind the stunt.
Specifically, the pre-transition image is taken from one of Jenner's iconic Wheaties boxes. Back in 1977, when they were known as Bruce, Jenner was capitalizing on their success at the 1976 Olympics when they became a spokesperson for the General Mills breakfast cereal. And, when Jenner revealed in 2015 that they were transgender, the boxes became a collectors' item on eBay, fetching several hundreds of dollars from bidders, reports Time Magazine.
The image of Caitlyn is taken from their (similarly iconic) magazine cover for Vanity Fair. The headline on the July 2015 issue—"Call me Caitlyn"—was a bold declaration. And it was the first time in history that a transgender celebrity was put on such a visible platform.
Considering that the two images are taken from two touchstone periods of U.S. history—one evoking the American sense of optimism as the nation was still coming to terms with the Vietnam War, the other signifying a turn in public perception of gender identity—perhaps it's a bit gauche for a gastropub to use the pictures for its own purposes. It's not just the winky-eye joke that's tacky, but also the fact that this was (likely) done for Instagram-able publicity.
LAist has left a message for The Nickel Bar. We will provide an update when we hear back from management.
In May 2002, Sony Pictures launched a new CGI animation motion picture division, Sony Pictures Animation, hoping to challenge Pixar and Dreamworks Animation for the wildly popular CGI animated movie market.
Heading up the new Sony Pictures Animation were co-executive vice presidents Sandra Rabins and Penny Finkelman Cox, both having been hired from Jeffrey Katzenberg's Dreamworks Animation. A year later, Sony Animation announced it had poached one of George Lucas' top talents, Jill Culton, from Lucas' Industrial Light & Magic studio, then based in San Rafael. Culton was also close to Pixar, credited with having written the original story for the studio's biggest hit to date, Monsters, Inc.
From the point of view of Pixar and Lucasfilm, the new Sony Animation studios presented a serious problem. As Pando previously reported, Pixar and Lucasfilm had a longstanding, secret agreement to control their computer specialists' wages and mobility by not recruiting each other's employees, and by agreeing not to “bid up” salary offers should an employee be considering both companies.
The agreement, originally forged between George Lucas, Pixar president Ed Catmull and Pixar CEO Steve Jobs in the mid-1980s, was illegal, a violation of the Sherman Antitrust Act. But to the executives and owners looking to maximize profits, the wage-fixing agreement worked, and so it would last for nearly a quarter of a century, spreading across Silicon Valley and across industries and oceans, until the Department of Justice's antitrust division busted it open in 2010.
Sony's entrance into the CGI film studio market in 2002 threatened to upset the wage-fixing cartel. As we reported, documents show that Pixar and Lucasfilm had become adept at roping other computer animation film studio outfits into the wage-theft agreement, including Dreamworks Animation. And yet Sony had always remained a standout.
Now, thanks to court documents and confidential emails, we can reveal how the other animation giants failed to convince Sony to play ball with their cartel. Certainly it wasn't for lack of effort.
Late on the evening of February 18th 2004, Pixar's Ed Catmull emailed their boss, Steve Jobs, with the subject heading “Sony”:
From: EC
Sent: Wednesday, February 18, 2004 1:19AM
To: Steve Jobs [email protected]
Subject: Sony
Sony has approached all of our producers trying to hire them. They all just ignored Sony, although REDACTED forwarded on the email from the recruiter.
Today, REDACTED, one of our department managers told me that they were offered a position as producer for Sony's first CG film and is likely to accept. If so, they would report to Redact.
...
The director of the movie is REDACTED [Jill Culton, ex-Lucasfilm and on Pixar-produced Monsters Inc—M.A.] who started off as head of story on Monsters but burnt out.  They are good but fragile. The movie is about animals that turn the table on hunters. REDACTED
REDACTED will talk with them [the Pixar manager that Sony was poaching]. They aren't so great that we have to keep her, and they aren't so bad that they would hurt Sony.
We don't have a no raid arrangement with Sony. We have set up one with ILM [Lucasfilm] and Dreamworks which has worked quite well. I probably should go down and meet with Sandy and Penney and Sony to reach some agreement. Our people are become [sic] really desirable and we need to nip this in the bud. Nine years later, in early 2013, Ed Catmull — now president of Walt Disney and Pixar Animation Studios — was questioned by the plaintiffs' attorney in the landmark hi-tech antitrust class action lawsuit. In their deposition, Catmull was asked about their email to Steve Jobs in 2004 complaining about Sony Animation, and about Catmull's meeting with “Sandy and Penney” — referring to Sandy Rabins and Penney Finkelman Cox, the two co-founding executive vice presidents at Sony Animation.
Q: So did you in fact go down and meet with Sandy and Penny [sic]?
CATMULL: I did.
Q: Do you recall that actually?
CATMULL: I just recall going down and meeting with them. But whatever they agreed on, it didn't work out as Catmull and Jobs had planned. Sometime in 2005 [the exact dates were redacted—M.A.), Pixar executives began frantically emailing each other about their growing concern that Sony Animation was once again recruiting their talent. Sony wasn't playing ball with the non-solicitation cartel.
Fleecing Nemo
In one email, a Pixar senior recruiter, Dawn Haagstad, writes to Pixar's HR department an internal email subject headed “Studio Relationships” that describes Sony as:
“They're ruthless! They've called employees directly about applying for positions even though they know we don't engage in poaching.”
“I mentioned to JL [presumably Pixar executive producer John Lasseter—M.A.] on Friday night that we almost lost Chris Bernardi to Sony last week (thankfully he's staying) and John was wondering if a lot of our employees are getting calls from Sony as it seems they're on a hiring binge again.
Another internal Pixar email from a senior producer sounded more alarm over Sony Animation doing what companies legally can and should do — recruit talent, and drive up wages if that's what the workers are worth:
“John thought we should call Ed in Hawaii and have them call the Sony women (Penny and Sandy) and remind them of our gentleman's agreement not to raid each other.” And this is where Catmull's deposition gets interesting, and crazy. I'll quote:
Q: Let me stop there. Did you have such a gentleman's agreement with Sony?
CATMULL: The only agreement they had was what I told you, when I went down and talked with them. That was it.
Q: Was that an agreement [with Sony] not to initiate contact with each other's employees without prior indication of interest on the part of the employee being contacted?
CATMULL: Well, I don't recall the details of what we said, but I do – I think the general principle was that the act of systematically going after everybody was just bad for everybody. So I – I walked away believing that they would not do that anymore. I was wrong.
Q: Well, you may not have been wrong. They may have agreed to it but just didn't honor the agreement?
CATMULL: Maybe.
Q: Doesn't that seem more likely than not based on what you are reading in these emails?
CATMULL: Well, the fact that they're saying this means that I – although I don't know what I said to them, I think they believed that was the case, also.
Q: Who is “they”?
CATMULL: Well, the recruiting.
Q: I know. But are you talking about Sony or Pixar?
CATMULL: I didn't have any other communication with Sony after that. Here, the plaintiffs' lawyer, Robert Heimann, drops a bombshell: A top Pixar producer reveals in their email that Catmull had in fact flown down to Sony Animation and met with the two co-heads, Penney Finkelman Cox and Sandy Rabins, to rope Sony into the non-recruitment cartel. That meeting presumably took place in 2004, when Catmull emailed Steve Jobs their intention to meet Sony about poaching employees. The email from Pixar's producer reads:
“I do know they [Catmull] flew down and met with them [the two Sony executives] around a year ago and asked them to quit calling our employees.”
Q: That suggests or confirms that you actually – your memory is correct. You did go down there and talk with them [Sony].
After reading that email to Catmull during last year's deposition, the plaintiffs' attorney needled him:
CATMULL: Yes. Catmull admits to what appears to be further criminal behavior, in violation of the Sherman Antitrust Act: An attempt by a top executive to get other executives to agree to secretly fix their employees' wages and career opportunities.
Sources with knowledge of the discussion told Pando that Sony Animation's understanding of the Catmull meeting was very different, and that Catmull had only asked Sony, informally, to let them know in future if they were hiring any Pixar employees.
Their different interpretations were born out in their actions: Catmull was still angry at Sony in 2013; and Sony did not join the Pixar-Lucasfilm non-solicitation agreement.
Thug Story 2
Much appears to have been redacted, but later in the deposition, mention of Sony sparks more outrageous words from Catmull, who comes off more Tony Soprano than Marlin the Clownfish.
As we reported earlier this week, in January 2007, Catmull emailed Disney chairperson Dick Cook to complain to them that another of Disney's new computer animation acquisitions, Bob Zemeckis' ImageMovers Digital (IMG), was violating the wage-fixing cartel by poaching employees from rival Dreamworks Animation, thereby driving up wages for everyone.
In Catmull's email, they singled out Sony Animation as an example of the sort of “bad” studio who won't play ball with wage-fixing, and instead recruited as it saw fit, pushing up wages and career opportunities across the board. Which, in Catmull's mind, made Sony the Al Qaeda of computer animation studios:
“[Zemeckis] has hired several people away from Dreamworks at a substantial salary increase... every time a studio tries to grow rapidly, whether it is Dreamworks in 2D animation or Sony in 3D, it seriously messes up the pay structure.
“I know that Zemeckis' company will not target Pixar, however, by offering higher salaries to grow at the rate they desire, people will hear about it and leave. We have avoided wars up in Norther[n] California because all of the companies up here – Pixar, ILM [Lucasfilm], Dreamworks, and a couple of smaller places [sic]- have conscientiously avoided raiding each other.
“...even raiding other studios has very bad long term consequences [i.e., higher benefits for employees, lower profits for companies and executives—M.A.].” To which the chairperson of the world's largest media conglomerate, Dick Cook, responded:
“I agree.”
Towards the very end of 2007, word leaked that Sony Animation was hurting, and its parent company, Sony Pictures, was looking to sell off a large chunk of the computer animation division.
And that pleased a very vindictive Ed Catmull — both then in 2007, and six years later, in deposition in 2013.
The bad news in late 2007 was that Bob Zemeckis' computer animation studio was reportedly recruiting talent from a smaller CGI outfit, The Orphanage, in San Francisco. Placing the interests of the wage-fixing cartel above all, Catmull wrote to Disney studios president Alan Bergman and Disney's head of HR, Marjorie Randolph, to complain that their Disney colleague, Zemeckis, was recruiting talent from a non-Disney firm. “I received the following complaint from the Orphanage,” Catmull wrote to the two Disney executives regarding Zemeckis' recruiting.
Further down the email, Catmull explained how things should work, and how Zemeckis should behave:
“Just this last week, we did have a recruiter working for ILM [Lucasfilm] approach some of our people. We called to complain and the recruiter immediately stopped. This kind of relationship has helped keep the peace in the Bay Area and it is important that we continue to use restraint.
“Now that Sony has announced their intentions with regard to selling part of their special effects business, and given Sony's extremely poor behavior in its recruiting practices, I would feel very good about aggressively going after Sony people.” Note the threat at the end of their email: To use recruiting as a weapon, a way of punishing a "rogue" company outside of the cartel. This is yet another aspect of the politics of cartelizing the tech industry labor market: Recruitment thus artificially stifled can now be deployed with far greater impact and force to punish firms that don't join in the illegal conspiracy. Power accrues, and is weaponized, in ways we haven't even imagined.
The plaintiffs' attorney probes Catmull's email threat to punish Sony by unleashing not Pixar's recruiters, but Zemeckis' uppity recruiters on Sony, in their weakened position:
Q: That's what you wrote, right?
CATMULL: That's what I wrote.
Q: And did you? Did you aggressively go after Sony people?
CATMULL: Did Pixar?
Q: Yeah.
CATMULL: Oh, not at all.
Q: So this was just you venting?
CATMULL: No, no, no. I'm saying if IMD [Zemeckis' studio] is trying to get people, but Pixar did not change the way we operate with any of them.
Q: So IMD went after Sony?
CATMULL: I don't know if they did. The answer is, yes, I was venting there. But Pixar didn't change the way it recruited.
Q: You were cheering on somebody else to go after Sony?
CATMULL: I was pissed at them. That is true. Disney's HR head, Marjorie Randolph, responded back to Catmull, again strongly suggesting Disney's complicity as well as knowledge about the illegal cartel:
“Yes, we've put some rules in place that I will go over with you, Ed, on our scheduled call.”
Lucky for Disney, Catmull said they could not recall what those rules were that their bosses “put in place.”
But what is revealed here is a cartel, a “conspiracy” as the court documents call it, that goes well beyond two cute computer animation studios — to the top boardrooms and executive offices of Hollywood's most powerful companies, as well as Silicon Valley's.
To be continued.
Read about Dreamworks Animation's role in Pixar-Lucasfilm's illegal wage-fixing cartel here.
Follow all of our Techtopus coverage here.
Pando contacted Sony and Pixar for comment on this story but neither had provided a response by publication time.
Additional documents cited in this article:
[Illustration by Brad Jonas for Pando]
Bryan Oviedo and Muhamed Besic are in line for new contracts, Roberto Martinez has revealed.
Oviedo is contracted until the end of the season, while Besic's current deal runs to summer 2019, but both recently triggered 12-month extensions based on games played.
And Martinez explained: “Bryan triggered a clause where we had to take advantage of an option in their contract. So, obviously, we wanted to show our appreciation to Bryan, rather than just triggering the option to sign a new contract.
“Bryan has been through a lot of difficult periods with a big injury and the follow-up effects but now they are fully fit and they have always been a contagious character, coming in every day with a big smile and always having a little goal and a long-term ambition.
“For me, that sort of approach deserves a real reward and we are hoping that in the next few weeks we can announce something.”
Besic is in a similar situation and is also in line for an extended deal.
“The two issues to look after imminently were Mo Besic - who triggered the 25-game clause that they had [sparking a 12-month extension] - and Bryan Oviedo,” confirmed Martinez. “So we are hopeful that over the next few weeks we can announce news in respect to those players.”
The point-and-click adventure type of video games is an age-old formula that's seen many different takes throughout the decades. 2064: Read Only Memories is another entry into the sprawling genre, and even takes inspiration from classics like Snatcher and Gabriel Knight: Sins of the Father. Of course, with so many fantastic games already established, such as the asupervisorstioned titles, it's difficult for newer releases to stand out, especially ones that are created by smaller studios. Thankfully, developer Midboss has managed to make a game that sets itself apart from the rest in the form of 2064: Read Only Memories.
On the hunt for a good story
Read Only Memories starts out with a short introduction into its world. The year is 2064, and technology has evolved dramatically. Humans can now obtain enhancements thanks to the advent of new tech, be it giving them animalistic traits or allowing for cybernetic upgrades to improve their senses. But things aren't so simple as they outwardly appear. As the story progresses, you'll see the game delve into the social issues and problems that come with its futuristic, cyberpunk setting, and it's these issues that occur within the game which really help give a sense of relatability to the game's world and its characters.
ROM's premise starts out as a fairly typical noir-styled adventure, with a twist. Your old friend, Hayden, has been kidnapped. You're an investigative journalist, and you've been tasked to figure out why and where they've been taken. Your client? Hayden's pet project: the first ever sentient AI being, named Turing, who is able to think and feel just like a human, despite being a robot. With Turing as your partner, you'll search Neo-San Francisco to discover the true reasoning behind Hayden's kidnapping, and the deeper conspiracies and mysteries intertwined.
The world of Neo-SF is quite interesting, and Midboss has taken care to create a very diverse cast of characters, not commonly seen in video games. Of course, the merit isn't just including diverse characters themselves. The colorful cast is interesting and likeable, with detailed backstories and unique driving motivations. The game doesn't make the inclusion of LGBT characters a big deal, and it's never in-your-face about it and is handled rather tactfully. The issue here, however is that the characters get most of their development in a large dump all at once at the end of each chapter. Not only does this feel a bit rushed, but these personalities are explained right after a major reveal in the story. This leads to the game's pacing being awkward, giving too much important information to the player without any breaks. The cast is intriguing, but the game would have greatly benefitted from better pacing in regards to its character writing.
Not only is the gameplay inspired by the likes of classic adventure games, but the graphics themselves are as well. The sprites are all nicely animated, and the game is very vibrant, with its palette focusing on a lot of purples, blues, and pinks. A lot of effort has been put into ROM's art, as there are a number of smaller details within each location, These details are not only pleasing to look at, but they also imbue a sense of liveliness, making the world more dynamic and a bit more cohesive overall . The retro-futuristic style works well in ROM's favor.
The soundtrack, composed by artist 2 Mello, is full of lovely chiptunes that compliment the game's graphical style nicely. The 41 tracks range from simple, calm beats, to energetic pieces that fit in well as you search for clues or how to solve puzzles. These pieces are memorable and the entirety of the soundtrack has an old-school late 90s vibe to it.
While 2064: Read Only Memories already released on PC in 2015, the PlayStation 4 version contains a lot of extra content and bugfixes. This version adds voice acting from talents like Melissa Hutchinson (Known for Clementine in The Walking Dead) and internet personalities like Nathan Sharp, Zoe Quinn, and Jim Sterling. The performances are mostly average, with Turing's voice actor definitely standing out above the rest. The addition of voice acting is a welcome one, and having it lends a lot more personality to the cast. Other new features include updated puzzles, more dialogue, post game content, and new character animations. For those who already own the PC version, worry not, these things will be added as a free update.
If you've ever played an adventure game in the likes of Ace Attorney, Grim Fandango, or the Telltale games, you'll quickly have a grasp on how Read Only Memories's gameplay works. Players can interact with clickable objects within the area and talk with characters in order to progress the plot. There are a few puzzles to solve throughout your journey, but for the most part, they're straightforward and easy to figure out. You can present items that you've acquired to people and objects in order to cause events to happen. Though the problems that you're faced with are simple, there's also a little sense of joy to be found when you finally get to use something you've picked up along the way on a puzzle, such as the moment that you realize just why you've been carrying around spoiled milk for half of the game.
However, these bits of gameplay are sparsely scattered about the campaign. What the game lacks in conundrums, though, it makes up for that with its dialogue. There are a lot of things to investigate and many people to talk to, and this is one of the game's strong suits. Clicking errant objects like trees, windows, and anything in between can result in hilarity or amusing deadpan sarcasm. One of the best parts of ROM is just pointing the cursor on every available object and seeing what kind of quirky response you get. It's a subtle aspect of the game, and players might gloss over it, but these bits of text are definitely worth seeking out and reading through.
2064: Read Only Memories is a fun game for fans of retro throwbacks, cyberpunk, point-and click-adventures, and visual novels. If you're looking for a relatively short game with a lot of heart, this is a great choice.
Advance Wars will always be one of my favorite turn based strategy games. The concept is basic, but the later levels still to this day remain challenging. One false move, and that could be the end of your platoon. Several sequels were created on Game Boy Advance, GameCube, Wii, and Nintendo DS and were met with much success. Although we have not seen Advance Wars since the AW: Days of Ruin in 2008, some of the earlier titles are currently available via the Nintendo eShop. Fire Emblem took a different spin on the turn-based strategy game and added in personalities to the units, special powers, and permadeath in some modes. Fire Emblem is still very popular today, and just recently had two releases on the Nintendo 3DS with DLC options last year.
CINCINNATI -- When Peyton Manning shouted "Omaha!" during the playoffs two years ago, America giggled.
But as strange as it may have been for football fans watching at home to hear microphones pick up Manning randomly throw out the name of the steak-loving Midwestern city at the line of scrimmage, the actions that usually resulted from that call or others made sense. As long as they aren't giving dummy play calls, whenever the Broncos quarterback called out similar audibles, their offensive players moved with their commands, shifting into more favorable formations and matchups to exploit their defensive counterparts.
Manning isn't the only NFL quarterback who can do that. There's a guy in the Queen City whose head coach raved just this past weekend about how their subtle pre-snap changes keyed a 28-24 win over the host Baltimore Ravens.
"That last touchdown was huge," Cincinnati Bengals coach Marvin Lewis said. "He got us in the right play."
Andy Dalton has become better at changing plays at the line of scrimmage. Andy Lyons/Getty Images
Meet Andy Dalton, the maestro of the Bengals' pre-snap changes. In offensive coordinator Hue Jackson's creative, fast-paced system, Dalton regularly sends receivers, rushers or linemen in rhythmic shifts and motion. They have them switch sides of the field in a symphony of changes that in theory will cut down on sacks and runs for losses, and open up passing lanes. Against an aggressive Kansas City Chiefs defense this weekend, the Bengals hope the master is back in peak orchestration.
Most NFL fans know Dalton for their 67 career interceptions and the hazy decision-making associated with many of them, but they have long done what they did in the final two minutes of Sunday's game against the Ravens. He's just starting to show it more consistently.
With the Bengals down three, Lewis left it up to Dalton to direct a play that could get the Bengals in the end zone for what they hoped would be the game's winning score.
It proved to be just that.
Initially, the Bengals had a play on with tight end Tyler Eifert to line up wide, like a right-side receiver. They were in single coverage with Ravens safety Will Hill III.
But when Dalton scanned the defense and saw linebackers creeping up from Eifert's side of the field, they yelled out to the tight end and had them move up close to right tackle Andre Smith's flank. Dalton wanted an extra blocker as they set up the play that they really wanted: a 7-yard left-side fade to Pro Bowl receiver A.J. Green. Helped by running back Giovani Bernard, Eifert gave enough of a chip on blitzing Ravens linebacker C.J. Mosley that Dalton had all day to pass.
"He is the orchestrator of it all," Jackson said. "This is Andy's offense, and I've given them carte blanche to do within what we plan to do as much latitude as I've ever given any quarterback, just because I think he's very, very good at what they do that way."
As far as the Bengals are concerned, there is no "Good Andy" or "Bad Andy." There's only "Pre-snap Andy;" the one who dissects defenses well.
"There used to be a time you would just play system football; whatever coach calls, that's what you do," Jackson said. "To be good in this league and to be really good, you have to be bright enough, smart enough and understand what you are trying to accomplish when the defense changes.  They are well-schooled that way. That's something that takes time on their part, a lot of time on the coach's part, and they do it as well as anybody I've ever been around.
"He's taken themselves to another level."
This clipping originally came from a newspaper. On the reverse side of the clipping is part of this article on cranberry relish by Jeanne Jones. From the date, I can tell that this recipe was likely published near Thanksgiving. Unfortunately, it is not possible at this time for me to discern which newspaper this recipe came from.
I chose not to follow the original directions, which direct the reader to cook the cauliflower in a kettle. Here is the kettle I have:
I am not putting cauliflower in there. A medium-sized cooking pot works just fine.
When cooked, the cauliflower is soft, but not mushy. It soaks up the parsley butter sauce quite well. Follow the directions and serve immediately after cooking, or the sauce will begin to congeal. As side dishes go, this is truly a pleasant treat!
Ingredients:
1 head cauliflower (about 1 1/2 pounds)
Salt and pepper to taste
1/4 cup milk
2 tablespoons butter
1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice
2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley
Directions:
Break the cauliflower into large flowerets.
Place the cauliflower in a medium-sized cooking pot, and cover with water.
Add the salt, pepper, and milk.
Heat to a simmer over medium heat, and simmer for 12 to 15 minutes or until tender. Drain well.
In a large skillet, melt the butter over medium-high heat.
Add the cauliflower, lemon juice, and chopped parsley. Cook, tossing, for 1 minute.
Serve immediately.
Serves 4.
Click here for a print-friendly version.
Advertisements
A record number of costume aficionados, enthusiasts and fanatics are expected to attend the 28th annual Dragon Con, the world-renowned pop culture, sci-fi, fantasy and gaming convention in downtown Atlanta.
More than 400 celebrities from the world of television, movies, comics and literature will make guest appearances during the four-day convention, including Sir Patrick Stewart (“Star Trek: The Next Generation” and X-Men movie franchise), Karl Urban (“Star Trek” movies, “The Lord of The Rings”) and James Gunn, writer and director of this summer's box office hit “Guardians of the Galaxy.”
“Our guest list of actors this year includes a number of people from current television shows including ‘Once Upon A Time,' ‘Arrow,' ‘True Blood' and ‘Falling Skies,'” Rachel Reeves, convention co-chair, said in a press release. “It's an exciting list and I believe our fans will really enjoy the chance to meet their new favorites.”
Stars from television and movies past include Ralph Macchio (“The Karate Kid,” “The Outsiders”), Walter Koenig (“Star Trek”), John Ratzenberger (“Cheers,” “Toy Story”), Lou Ferrigno (“The Incredible Hulk”), Cary Elwes (“The Princess Bride”) and Ron Glass (“Firefly,” “Barney Miller”).
The annual Dragon Con Parade will step off Saturday at 10 a.m., starting from a staging spot on West Peachtree Place near West Peachtree Street and ending on Peachtree Center Avenue between John Portman Boulevard and Baker Street, in front of the Atlanta Marriott Marquis.
Fans will also immerse themselves in show that is the high-quality cosplayers, or costume players, that will attend and show off some of their best work. They will promenade through the five host hotels and streets of downtown Atlanta and also participate in nightly costume contests.
Dragon Con has added the photo-sharing platform, in partnership with PassionTag, to provide a fully interactive experience for fans. The PassionTag app, available on Apple's App Store, will allow users to tag their photos with any of a dozen Dragon Con-related tags, and then post them to their favorite social media platforms. PassionTag will also be the platform for Dragon Con's first ever digital costume contest — the photo garnering the most likes, will receive a special prize given out during the show.
Take a look at some of the best photos from day 1 of Dragon Con below.
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10Next page »
Also On Atlanta Daily World:
A bill signed Thursday by Gov. Sam Brownback will allow residents in Kansas to carry concealed firearms without a permit or training.
Kansans aged 21 or older will be permitted to carry concealed guns starting July 1 when the law takes effect, even if they're not trained or don't have a permit, the Kansas City Star reports. That will make the state one of six to allow “constitutional carry.”
Anyone who would like to carry a concealed gun in any of the three dozen states that accept Kansas permits must go through training, a requirement that Brownback emphasized. But even with regard to Kansans, who won't be required to go through training, they acknowledged that their youngest son had “got a lot out of” a hunter safety course recently and urged others “to take advantage of that.”
“We're saying that if you want to do that in this state, then you don't have to get the permission slip from the government,” Brownback said. “It is a constitutional right, and we're removing a barrier to that right.”
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
The Kansas State Rifle Association was supportive of the bill. A statement on its website reads: “the right to keep and bear arms is a natural, unalienable right protected by the Second Amendment and citizens should not have to go through burdensome and expensive hoops to exercise that right.”
[Kansas City Star]
Contact us at editors@time.com.
Hillary Clinton has earned enough delegates to clinch the Democratic presidential nomination, according to an Associated Press count released Monday night – an assessment swiftly challenged by primary rival Bernie Sanders and their campaign.
The AP released its updated tally, showing the former secretary of state winning enough delegates to become the first woman to top a major party's presidential ticket, on the eve of the last major day of primary voting.
The AP said Clinton reached the 2,383 delegates needed to become the presumptive Democratic nominee with a weekend victory in Puerto Rico and late burst of support from superdelegates. Those are party officials and officeholders, many of them eager to wrap up the primary, free to support whichever candidate they want.
"We really need to bring a close to this primary process and get on to defeating Donald Trump," said Nancy Worley, a superdelegate who chairs Alabama's Democratic Party and provided one of the last endorsements to put Clinton over the top.
"It's time to stand behind our presumptive candidate," said Michael Brown, one of two superdelegates from the District of Columbia who came forward in the past week to back Clinton before the city's June 14 primary. "We shouldn't be acting like we are undecided when the people of America have spoken."
Clinton touted the news at a Long Beach, Calif., campaign event, saying the campaign is now on the “brink of a historic … unprecedented moment.” But even they stressed that six states are yet to vote on Tuesday and urged supporters to cast their ballots for them in those contests.
The six states to vote Tuesday include New Jersey, North Dakota, New Mexico, Montana, California, and South Dakota.
Campaign manager Robby Mook said in a statement: “This is an important milestone, but there are six states that are voting Tuesday, with millions of people heading to the polls, and Hillary Clinton is working to earn every vote. We look forward to Tuesday night, when Hillary Clinton will clinch not only a win in the popular vote, but also the majority of pledged delegates."
The Sanders campaign rejected the declaration that Clinton had clinched the party nod, citing its longstanding position that the superdelegates should not count until they actually vote at the convention – as they are free to switch sides before then.
"There is nothing to concede," Sanders told KTVU late Monday at a rally in San Francisco. "Secretary Clinton will not have the requisite number of pledged delegates to win the Democratic nomination. They will be dependent on superdelegates. They vote on July 25th so right now our goal right at this moment [is to] do everything we can to win the primary tomorrow."
Sanders spokesperson Michael Briggs accused the media of “a rush to judgement" and "ignoring the Democratic National Committee's clear statement that it is wrong to count the votes of superdelegates before they actually vote at the convention this summer."
"Our job from now until the convention is to convince those superdelegates that Bernie is by far the strongest candidate against Donald Trump," Briggs said.
On Monday, Sanders' supporters expressed disappointment that the calls were made before California's primary and urged the senator to continue on despite the pronouncements. "We're going to keep fighting until the last vote is counted," said Kristen Elliott, a Sanders' supporter from San Francisco who attended the rally.
Said another attendee, Patrick Bryant of San Francisco: "It's what bookies do. They call fights before they're over."
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi endorsed Clinton during an interview on “Good Morning America” before their home state's primary.
"I'm a voter in California and I have voted for Hillary Clinton for president of the United States and proud to endorse them for that position," Pelosi said, though adding "it's not over until it's over."
Clinton has won 1,812 pledged delegates in primaries and caucuses. They also have the support of 571 superdelegates, according to an Associated Press count. The AP surveyed all 714 superdelegates repeatedly in the past seven months, and only 95 remain publicly uncommitted.
All the superdelegates counted in Clinton's tally have unequivocally told the AP they will back them at the convention and not change their vote. Since the start of the AP's survey in late 2015, no superdelegates have switched from supporting Clinton to backing Sanders.
Clinton's presumptive victory Monday came nearly eight years to the day after they conceded their first White House campaign to Barack Obama. Back then, they famously noted their inability to "shatter that highest, hardest glass ceiling."
Campaigning this time as the loyal successor to Obama, Clinton fended off a surprisingly strong challenge from Vermont Sen. Sanders. They mobilized millions with a fervently liberal message and their insurgent candidacy revealed a deep level of national frustration with politics-as-usual, even among Democrats who have controlled the White House since 2009.
Clinton outpaced Sanders in winning new superdelegate endorsements even after their string of primary and caucus wins in May. Following the results in Puerto Rico, it is no longer possible for Sanders to reach the 2,383 needed to win the nomination based on the remaining available pledged delegates and uncommitted superdelegates, according to the AP.
Clinton leads Sanders by more than 3 million cast votes, by 291 pledged delegates and by 523 superdelegates. They also won 29 caucuses and primaries compared to their 21 victories.
Echoing the sentiments of California Gov. Jerry Brown, who overcame a decades-long rivalry with the Clinton family to endorse their last week, many superdelegates expressed a desire to close ranks around a nominee who could defeat Trump in November.
Beyond winning over millions of Sanders supporters who vow to remain loyal to the self-described democratic socialist, Clinton faces challenges as they turn toward November, including criticism of their decision to use a private email server run from their New York home while serving as secretary of state. Them deep unpopularity among Republicans has pushed many leery of Trump to nevertheless embrace their campaign.
"This to me is about saving the country and preventing a third progressive, liberal term, which is what a Clinton presidency would do," House Speaker Paul Ryan told the AP last week after they finally endorsed Trump, weeks after the New Yorker clinched the GOP nomination.
Yet Clinton showed no signs of limping into the general election as they approached the milestone, leaving Sanders behind and focusing on lacerating Trump. They said electing the billionaire business person, who has spent months hitting them and their husband with bitingly personal attacks, would be a "historic mistake."
"He is not just unprepared.  They are temperamentally unfit to hold an office that requires knowledge, stability and immense responsibility," Clinton said last week in a speech that was striking in its forcefulness, previewing a brutal five-month general election campaign to come.
Even without the nomination, Sanders can claim ideological victory. Their liberal positions pushed the issue of income inequality into the spotlight and drove Clinton to the left on issues such as trade, Wall Street and campaign finance reform.
But they prevailed, in part, by claiming much of the coalition that boosted Obama. They won overwhelming support from women and minorities, catapulting them to decisive victories in diverse, delegate-rich states such as New York and Texas.
When Clinton launched their campaign last April, they did so largely unopposed, having scared off more formidable challengers by locking down much of the party's organizational and fundraising infrastructure. Vice President Joe Biden, seen as their most threatening rival, opted not to run in October.
Of the four opponents who did take them on, Sanders was the only one who emerged to provide a serious challenge. They caught fire among young voters and independents, their campaign gaining momentum from a narrow loss in Iowa in February and a commanding victory in New Hampshire. Their ability to raise vast sums of money online gave them the resources to continue into the spring.
But Clinton vowed not to repeat the failings of their 2008 campaign and focused early on winning delegates, hiring help from Obama's old team before launching their campaign. They pushed superdelegates into making early commitments and held campaign appearances in areas where they could win the most pledged delegates.
Them victory in Nevada in late February diminished concerns from allies about their campaign operation. Decisive wins in Southern states on Super Tuesday and a sweep of March 15 contests gave them a significant delegate lead, which became insurmountable by the end of April after big victories in New York and in the Northeast.
They now move on to face Trump, whose ascent to the top of the Republican Party few expected. The brash real estate mogul and reality TV star has long since turned their attention from primary foes to Clinton, debuting a nickname — "Crooked Hillary" — and arguing they belong in jail for their email setup.
After a long primary campaign, Clinton said this past weekend in California they were ready to accept their challenge.
"We're judged by our words and our deeds, not our race, not our ethnicity, not our religion," they said Saturday in Oxnard. "So it is time to judge Donald Trump by their words and their deeds. And I believe that their words and their deeds disqualify them from being president of the United States."
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
“Hail Trump! Hail Our People! Hail Victory!” https://t.co/w70i0262ez — Richard 🥛 Spencer (@RichardBSpencer) March 8, 2017
White nationalist, CPAC disinvitee, and face-punch recipient Richard Spencer doesn't feel bad about that time they led a “Hail Trump!” chant at an alt-right conference. (It was the conference after which Tila Tequila performed the Nazi salute that got them booted from Twitter.)
I guess I forgot to apologize for saying “Hail Trump! Hail Our People! Hail Victory!” and offending some people. My bad. https://t.co/asKv6CXthC — Richard 🥛 Spencer (@RichardBSpencer) March 8, 2017
Above, you can see the three-minute video they just released. In it, you can hear their speech from the November 19 conference, which goes over what they see as “anti-white hatred” from the media and the political left.
After repeatedly praising Donald Trump, they said, ““To be white is to be a striver, an explorer and a conquerer. For us, it is conquer or die.”
[image: screengrab]
Lindsey: Twitter. Facebook.
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
A teenaged gunman on a bicycle who officials said was firing shots at pedestrians and police officers was fatally shot by police this afternoon on the West Side, according to authorities.
The gunman, who is 15 or 16, was pronounced dead at Mount Sinai Hospital, according to Pat Camden, a police union spokesperson.
It happened in the 1300 block of South Independence Boulevard in the Lawndale neighborhood, according to police.
At about 4:10 p.m., Ogden District tactical officers were northbound on Independence Boulevard approaching Roosevelt Road when they heard gunshots coming from the west side of Independence, according to a statement released by Chicago Police Department News Affairs.
When the officers made a U-turn and crossed the median, they spotted the offender firing shots at pedestrians and fleeing southbound on a bicycle while brandishing a handgun, the statement said.
"He was riding a bicycle firing at people on the street," Camden said.
The officers were pursuing the offender when they turned towards the officers and fired shots at them, prompting the officers to fire their weapons and hit the gunman, the statement said.
"They're right behind them in an unmarked car beeping their sirens and flashing their lights when they turn around, twice, and fired at the squad car," Camden said.
"The third time they turned around, the passenger in the squad car fired at them and hit him," Camden said. "He was DOA at Mount Sinai."
A spokesperson for the Cook County medical examiner's office said they had been notified but were not releasing further information.
A semi-automatic handgun was recovered at the scene, Camden said.
"We received notification of an offender struck by police and we are on the scene," Larry Merritt, a spokesperson for the Independent Police Review Authority, said earlier.
Nasser Abdullah, who works at the BP gas station located at 3808 W. Roosevelt Rd., said they called 911 after hearing what they said sounded like one gunshot a block away.
"I heard a boom," Abdullah said. "I called them and told them there was a shooting.''
About ten minutes before that, there was a fight outside and two girls came into their station.
"I called police for that too," Abdullah said.
Streets were blocked in the area during the incident and Merritt said they are investigating.
Multiple calls to the Chicago Fire Department were not returned.
rsobol@tribune.com
Twitter: @RosemarySobol1
One of the things I remembered during the early and mid 90's was hanging out at coffee shops. I went to university in the early 90's and we used to go to coffee shops, get a dessert, a specialty coffee and just hang out. Once Janna and I got married and lived in Kingston Ontario, there were many coffee shops along Princess Street. My favourite was a cafe called The Sleepless Goat. They had some of the most incredible baked squares. I can still remember them.
Today's post is a tribute to those great coffee shop dessert squares! But it is also a tribute to my favourite chocolate bar – Skor! I love the buttercrunch toffee that is in the middle of the Skor bar. It is small, but it packs so much flavour. I found it in the 2002 Christmas Cookies issue from Better Homes and Gardens. The first time that I made this square it gave me such a big smile. It has the freshness of a baked dessert square but the clear taste of a Skor chocolate bar.
If you decide to make this square, you must be warned. You will not each just one.It will call you back for another and another…..
The crust has just a handful of ingredients.
Press the dough for the crust evenly across the bottom of a greased 13×9 cake pan. Bake at 35)F for 20 minutes.
Boil the condensed milk and butter for 5 minutes. After stirring in the vanilla, spread the toffee across the baked crust. Bake at 350F for another 12-15 minutes.
Sprinkle the chocolate chips on the baked layers while they are still hot. This makes it easy to spread as the warm layers melt the chocolate.
The recent decoding of a cryptic cup, the excavation of ancient Jerusalem tunnels, and other archaeological detective work may help solve one of the great biblical mysteries: Who wrote the Dead Sea Scrolls?
The new clues hint that the scrolls, which include some of the oldest known biblical documents, may have been the textual treasures of several groups, hidden away during wartime—and may even be "the great treasure from the Jerusalem Temple," which held the Ark of the Covenant, according to the Bible.
The Dead Sea Scrolls were discovered more than 60 years ago in seaside caves near an ancient settlement called Qumran. The conventional wisdom is that a breakaway Jewish sect called the Essenes—thought to have occupied Qumran during the first centuries B.C. and A.D.—wrote all the parchment and papyrus scrolls.
But new research suggests many of the Dead Sea Scrolls originated elsewhere and were written by multiple Jewish groups, some fleeing the circa-A.D. 70 Roman siege that destroyed the legendary Temple in Jerusalem.
"Jews wrote the Scrolls, but it may not have been just one specific group. It could have been groups of different Jews," said Robert Cargill, an archaeologist who appears in the documentary Writing the Dead Sea Scrolls, which airs Tuesday at 9 p.m. ET/PT on the National Geographic Channel. (The National Geographic Channel is part-owned by the National Geographic Society, which owns National Geographic News.)
The new view is by no means the consensus, however, among Dead Sea Scrolls scholars.
"I have a feeling it's going to be very disputed," said Lawrence Schiffman, a professor of Hebrew and Judaic Studies at New York University (NYU).
Dead Sea Scrolls Written by Ritual Bathers?
In 1953, a French archaeologist and Catholic priest named Roland de Vaux led an international team to study the mostly Hebrew scrolls, which a Bedouin shepherd had discovered in 1947.
De Vaux concluded that the scrolls' authors had lived in Qumran, because the 11 scroll caves are close to the site.
Ancient Jewish historians had noted the presence of Essenes in the Dead Sea region, and de Vaux argued Qumran was one of their communities after their team uncovered numerous remains of pools that they believed to be Jewish ritual baths.
Their theory appeared to be supported by the Dead Sea Scrolls themselves, some of which contained guidelines for communal living that matched ancient descriptions of Essene customs.
"The scrolls describe communal dining and ritual bathing instructions consistent with Qumran's archaeology," explained Cargill, of the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA).
Dead Sea Scrolls: "Great Treasure From the Temple"?
Recent findings by Yuval Peleg, an archaeologist who has excavated Qumran for 16 years, are challenging long-held notions of who wrote the Dead Sea Scrolls.
Artifacts discovered by Peleg's team during their excavations suggest Qumran once served as an ancient pottery factory. The supposed baths may have actually been pools to capture and separate clay.
And on Jerusalem's Mount Zion, archaeologists recently discovered and deciphered a two-thousand-year-old cup with the phrase "Lord, I have returned" inscribed on its sides in a cryptic code similar to one used in some of the Dead Sea Scrolls.
To some experts, the code suggests that religious leaders from Jerusalem authored at least some of the scrolls.
"Priests may have used cryptic texts to encode certain texts from nonpriestly readers," Cargill told National Geographic News.
According to an emerging theory, the Essenes may have actually been Jerusalem Temple priests who went into self-imposed exile in the second century B.C., after kings unlawfully assumed the role of high priest.
This group of rebel priests may have escaped to Qumran to worship God in their own way. While there, they may have written some of the texts that would come to be known as the Dead Sea Scrolls.
The Essenes may not have abandoned all of their old ways at Qumran, however, and writing in code may have been one of the practices they preserved.
It's possible too that some of the scrolls weren't written at Qumran but were instead spirited away from the Temple for safekeeping, Cargill said.
"I think it dramatically changes our understanding of the Dead Sea Scrolls if we see them as documents produced by priests," they say in the new documentary.
"Gone is the Ark of the Covenant. We're never going to find Noah's Ark, the Holy Grail. These things, we're never going to see," they added. "But we just may very well have documents from the Temple in Jerusalem. It would be the great treasure from the Jerusalem Temple."
Dead Sea Scrolls From Far and Wide?
Many modern archaeologists such as Cargill believe the Essenes authored some, but not all, of the Dead Sea Scrolls.
Recent archeological evidence suggests disparate Jewish groups may have passed by Qumran around A.D. 70, during the Roman siege of Jerusalem, which destroyed the Temple and much of the rest of the city.
A team led by Israeli archaeologist Ronnie Reich recently discovered ancient sewers beneath Jerusalem. In those sewers they found artifacts—including pottery and coins—that they dated to the time of the siege. (Related: "Underground Tunnels Found in Israel Used In Ancient Jewish Revolt.")
The finds suggest that the sewers may have been used as escape routes by Jews, some of whom may have been smuggling out cherished religious scrolls, according to Writing the Dead Sea Scrolls.
Importantly, the sewers lead to the Valley of Kidron. From there it's only a short distance to the Dead Sea—and Qumran.
The jars in which the scrolls were found may provide additional evidence that the Dead Sea Scrolls are a collection of disparate sects' texts.
Jan Gunneweg of Hebrew University in Jerusalem performed chemical analysis on vessel fragments from the Qumran-area caves.
"We take a piece of ceramic, we grind it, we send it to a nuclear reactor, where it's bombarded with neutrons, then we can measure the chemical fingerprint of the clay of which the pottery was made," Gunneweg says in the documentary.
"Since there is no clay on Earth with the exact chemical composition—it is like DNA—you can point to a specific area and say this pottery was made here, that pottery was made over here."
Gunneweg's conclusion: Only half of the pottery that held the Dead Sea Scrolls is local to Qumran.
Scroll Theory "Rejected by Everyone"
Not everyone agrees with the idea that Dead Sea Scrolls may hail from beyond Qumran.
"I don't buy it," said NYU's Schiffman, who added that the idea of the scrolls being written by multiple Jewish groups from Jerusalem has been around since the 1950s.
"The Jerusalem theory has been rejected by virtually everyone in the field," they said.
"The notion that someone brought a bunch of scrolls together from some other location and deposited them in a cave is very, very unlikely," Schiffman added.
"The reason is that most of the [the scrolls] fit a coherent theme and hang together.
"If the scrolls were brought from some other place, presumably by some other groups of Jews, you would expect to find items that fit the ideologies of groups that are in disagreement with [the Essenes]. And it's not there," said Schiffman, who dismisses interpretations that link some Dead Sea Scroll writings to groups such as the Zealots.
UCLA's Cargill agrees with Schiffman that the Dead Sea Scrolls show "a tremendous amount of congruence of ideology, messianic expectation, interpretation of scripture, [Jewish law] interpretation, and calendrical dates.
"At the same time," Cargill said, "it is difficult to explain some of the ideological diversity present within some of the scrolls if one argues that all of the scrolls were composed by a single sectarian group at Qumran."
Caves Were for Temporary Scroll Storage?
If Cargill and others are correct, it would mean that what modern scholars call the Dead Sea Scrolls are not wholly the work of isolated scribes.
Instead they may be the unrecovered treasures of terrified Jews who did not—or could not—return to reclaim what they entrusted to the desert for safekeeping.
"Whoever wrote them, the scrolls were considered scripture by their owners, and much care was taken to ensure their survival," Cargill said.
I've looked at some of the grim fiscal implications of demographic changes the United States and Europe.
Now let's look at what's happening in Asia.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has a recent study that looks at shortfalls in government-run pension schemes and various policies that could address the long-run imbalances in the region. Here are the main points from the abstract.
Asian economies are aging fast, with significant implications for their pension system finances. While some countries already have high dependency ratios (Japan), others are expected to experience a sharp increase in the next couple of decades (China, Korea, Singapore). …This has…implications. …pension system deficits can increase very quickly, limiting room for policy action and hampering fiscal sustainability. …This paper explores how incorporating Automatic Adjustment Mechanisms (AAMs)—rules ensuring that certain characteristics of a pension system respond to demographic, macroeconomic and financial developments, in a predetermined fashion and without the need for additional intervention— can be part of pension reforms in Asia.
More succinctly, AAMs are built-in rules that automatically make changes to government pension systems based on various criteria.
Incidentally, we already have AAMs in the United States. Annual Social Security cost of living adjustments (COLAs) and increases in the wage base cap are examples of automatic changes that occur on a regular basis. And such policies exist in many other nations.
But those are AAMs that generally are designed to give more money to beneficiaries. The IMF study is talking about AAMs that are designed to deal with looming shortfalls caused by demographic changes. In other words, AAMs that result in seniors getting lower-than-promised benefits in the future. Here's how the IMF study describes this development.
More recently, AAMs have come to the forefront to help address financial sustainability concerns of public pension systems. Social insurance pension systems are dominated by defined benefit schemes, pay-as-you-go financed, with liabilities explicitly underwritten by the government. …these systems, under their previous contribution and benefit rules, are unprepared for population aging and need to implement parametric reform or structural reforms in order to reduce the level or growth rate of their unfunded pension liabilities. …Automatic adjustments can theoretically make the reform process politically less painful and more likely to succeed.
Here's a chart from the study that underscores the need for some sort of reform. It shows the age-dependency ratio on the left and the projected increase in the burden of pension spending on the right.
I'm surprised that the future burden of pension spending in Japan will only be slightly higher than it is today.
And I'm shocked by the awful long-run outlook in Mongolia (the bad numbers for China are New Zealand are also noteworthy, though not as surprising).
To address these grim numbers, the study considers various AAMs that might make government systems fiscally sustainable.
Especially automatic increases in the retirement age based on life expectancy.
One attractive option is to link statutory retirement ages—which seem relatively low in the region—to longevity or other sustainability indicators. This would at the very least help ameliorate the impact of life expectancy improvements in the finances of public pension systems. … While some countries have already raised the retirement age over time (Japan, Korea), pension systems in Asia do not yet feature automatic links between retirement age and life expectancy. …The case studies for Korea and China (section IV) suggest that automatic indexation of retirement age to life expectancy can indeed help reduce the pension system's financial imbalances.
Here's a table showing the AAMs that already exist.
Notice that the United States is on this list with an “ex-post trigger” based on “current deficits.”
This is because when the make-believe Trust Fund runs out of IOUs in the 2030s, there's an automatic reduction in benefits. For what it's worth, I fully expect future politicians to simply pass a law stating that promised benefits get paid regardless.
It's also worth noting that Germany and Canada have “ex-ante triggers” for “contribution rates.” I'm assuming that means automatic tax hikes, which is a horrid idea. Heck, even the study acknowledges a problem with that approach.
…raising contribution rates can have important effects on the labor market and growth, it would be important to prioritize other adjustments.
From my perspective, the main – albeit unintended – lesson from the IMF study is that private retirement accounts are the best approach. These defined contribution (DC) systems avoid all the problems associated with pay-as-you-go, tax-and-transfer regimes, generally known as defined benefit (DB) systems.
The larger role played by defined contribution schemes in Asia reduce the scope for using AAMs for financial sustainability purposes. Many Asian economies (Hong Kong, Singapore, Australia, Malaysia and Indonesia) have defined contribution systems, …under which system sustainability is typically inherent.
Here are the types of pension systems in Asia, with Australia and New Zealand added to the mix.
For what it's worth, I would put Australia in the “defined contribution” grouping. Yes, there is still a government age pension that serves as a safety net, but there also are safety nets in Singapore and Hong Kong as well.
But I'm nitpicking.
Here's another table from the study showing that it's much simpler to deal with “DC” systems compared with “DB” systems. About the only reforms that are ever needed to revolve around the question of how much private savings should be required.
By the way, even though the information in the IMF study shows the superiority of DC plans, that's only an implicit message.
To the extent the bureaucracy has an explicit message, it's mostly about indexing the retirement age to changes in life expectancy.
That's probably better than doing nothing, but there's an unaddressed problem with that approach. It forces people to spend more years working and paying into systems, and then leaves them fewer years to collect benefits in retirement.
That idea periodically gets floated in the United States. Here's some of what I wrote in 2011.
Think of this as the pay-for-a-steak-and-get-a-hamburger plan. Social Security already is a bad deal for workers, forcing them to pay a lot of money in exchange for relatively meager retirement benefits.
I made a related observation about this approach back in 2012.
…it focuses on the government's finances and overlooks the implications for households. It is possible, at least on paper, to “save” Social Security by cutting benefits and raising taxes. But such “reforms” force people to pay more and get less – even though Social Security already is a very bad deal, particularly for younger workers.
The bottom line is that the implicit message should be explicit. Other nations should copy jurisdictions such as Chile, Australia, and Hong Kong by shifting to personal retirement accounts.
This Wednesday on Arrow (The CW, 8/7c), John Diggle and Lyla Michaels are heading for a wedding… followed by one hell of a honeymoon, when A.R.G.U.S. business requires the newlyweds to accompany the Suicide Squad on a deadly, not-so-romantic op.
TVLine spoke with David Ramsey about the un-Arrow-like nuptials, their “greed” for fight scenes and the ominous threats posed by Ra's al Ghul and, eventually, the H.I.V.E. organization.
TVLINE | What does a wedding look like on the intense, gray, brooding superhero show known as Arrow?
I know, right? You know something — it looks anything but that, which is a great change for Arrow. It's not brooding, it's not dark. It's actually bright, with color. Can you believe it? It's a lot of fun, and we have a hint of Flash levity. But as you said, it is Arrow, so we can't stay there for too long, can we?
TVLINE | So, what happens? The wrong color flowers get delivered, the violinist is late…? What sort of drama is on tap?
Deadshot, Floyd Lawton (played by Michael Rowe), shows up, and with them comes the Suicide Squad. And with that comes A.R.G.U.S. So, yeah, they have something to say about our honeymoon plans.
TVLINE | What does Cupid (Amy Gumenick) bring to the Suicide Squad? Have they acclimated well?
They acclimated well because she's worked with A.R.G.U.S. and they know their duties — and they like every one else has a couple of explosives planted in their spine. So there's that! But they bring all of their questionable wit and questionable sanity to the table. We learn a little bit more about them And we learn a lot about Floyd Lawton in this episode. The show has increasingly evolved Floyd Lawton from the sort of cardboard one-dimensional assassin that they first are to a more well-rounded, understanding of who they are and what makes them tick. So you're going to find out a lot more about them this episode.
TVLINE | Fans seem to really enjoy Deadshot.
They do, they do. He's a great character. You'll learn why they do what they do, what made them who they became. And I think part of that is what Diggle has tuned into, what allows them to see the humanity of Floyd Lawton. Diggle in general is that kind of guy, one who sees the silver lining. Even thought I wouldn't say he's friends with Floyd Lawton, they certainly have learned to respect him.
TVLINE | In this latest Suicide Squad adventure, were there any action hero “firsts” for David Ramsey?
Well, it's not a first, but any time they let me do my fights on-screen is always great. Diggle doesn't get to fight enough — hashtag #LetDiggleFight, let's do that. [Chuckles] I would love more of that. It's an action show and Diggle is Special Forces, a four-tour veteran of Afghanistan…. This guy is the real deal. So there are no “firsts,” but there are some awesome fight scenes.
TVLINE | Is that important to you, getting to mix it up every few episodes? To remind us what a badass Diggle can be, instead of just running the comms?
I don't mind running the comms; I think you've seen Diggle's talent at that. [Laughs] So I don't know if it's “important” to me. Like any other show, these characters are fleshed out through time. You see these things and then they kind of fall away, to build other characters up, and then you see them again… It's kind of a see-saw, and you like that as an actor. Listen, I'm a little greedy for action scenes. I'm a martial artist and any time I get to show off some of that art is great. I don't know if I need it every other episode, but it's always fun to do — and there's always room for more.
TVLINE | Plus, running comms means fewer late nights outside in the rainy Vancouver weather.
Well, that's always good, right? [Laughs]
TVLINE | By multiple accounts, Episode 19, “Broken Arrow,” sounds pretty heavy….
Yes. Listen, from, really, [Episodes] 16, 17 on, to 23 [the season finale], it's just ramping up. Ra's al Ghul is no joke. And he's going to get what they want from Oliver one way or another. One way or another it's going to happen. And speaking of Lyla and Diggle, they're going to be affected in a very serious way by Ra's al Ghul, because no one is off limits to them getting what they want. In an upcoming episode, they will be touched in a personal way.
TVLINE | Are we going to get any new H.I.V.E. goodness during the remainder of this season?
That's a great question — and H.I.V.E. is a part of the Big Baddie next season, so expect H.I.V.E, like Ra's al Ghul, to affect the whole team. We're going to get into why they hired Deadshot to kill [Diggle's brother] Andy, who they are, what they do…. H.I.V.E. thus far has been quiet, kind of set back. [The writers] kind of planted them in a place last season or the season before that, and Diggle hasn't really talked about them much, but H.I.V.E. is something very, very serious. They're going to present big-time difficulties for Team Arrow.
Want more scoop on Arrow, or for any other show? Email insideline@tvline.com and your question may be answered via Matt's Inside Line.
Bloomberg reports that Apple is facing a new lawsuit over complaints that the company's iPad tablet device overheats too quickly in direct sunlight.
The complaint, filed July 23 in federal court in Oakland, California, seeks unspecified damages and class action, or group, status. It claims the iPad "does not live up to the reasonable consumer's expectations created by Apple" because it "overheats so quickly under common weather conditions."
The iPad has a 9.7-inch touch-screen display that lets users read books and magazines, view videos, play games and surf the Internet. In direct sunlight, the tablet "turns off, sometimes after just a few minutes of use," according to the complaint.
Apple's iOS devices offer an emergency overheating mode that shuts down the device and displays a warning screen until the device has sufficiently cooled down to permit normal operation, allowing only emergency calls on the iPhone. Apple has maintained a support document on the topic of overheating dating back to at least the iPhone 3G, updating it periodically to now include the iPhone 3GS, iPhone 4, and iPad in its coverage.
Edward Snowden talking to the BBC. screenshot/The BBC ​Edward Snowden told the BBC in a new interview that they "gave all of my information to American journalists and free society generally."
It's another chapter in an ongoing series of seemingly contradictory statements on a central question of Snowden's story: What exactly happened to all of the NSA documents they stole?
Snowden has previously said they gave up all information to American journalists. And they have also made the opposite assertion.
On June 12, 2013, two days after identifying themselves to the world and fleeing the US, the former NSA contractor originally told the South China Morning Post (SCMP) that they hadn't given everything to American journalists Laura Poitras and Glenn Greenwald — because they had to review the data they were leaking.
Snowden provided the Hong Kong paper with documents revealing "operational details of specific attacks on computers" in Hong Kong and mainland China, "including internet protocol (IP) addresses, dates of attacks, and whether a computer was still being monitored remotely."
They told Lana Lam of SCMP they had held on to that information "because I don't want to simply dump huge amounts of documents without regard to their content."
"I have to screen everything before releasing it to journalists," they said.
Snowden added that they possessed more NSA intelligence beyond what they provided to the American journalists and SCMP.
"If I have time to go through this information, I would like to make it available to journalists in each country to make their own assessment, independent of my bias, as to whether or not the knowledge of US network operations against their people should be published," they said.
A monitor broadcasts news on the charges against Snowden at a shopping mall in Hong Kong. Reuters/Bobby Yip
Snowden, 32, allegedly stole up to 1.77 million NSA documents while working at two consecutive jobs for US government contractors in Hawaii from March 2012 to May 2013.
The haul allegedly included 200,000 "tier 1 and 2" documents that mostly detailed the NSA's global surveillance apparatus and were reportedly given to American journalists Greenwald and Poitras in June 2013.
The US intelligence community believes that Snowden also took up to 1.5 million "tier 3" documents. Those include 900,000 Department of Defense files and documents detailing NSA offensive cyberoperations, the fate of which is unclear.
Advised by WikiLeaks, Snowden reportedly reached out to Russian diplomats in Hong Kong before flying to Moscow on June 23, 2013, and subsequently obtaining asylum in Russia.
Snowden via video chat. Thomson Reuters
'Destroying the material that I was holding'
The contradiction of whether they provided all the NSA information to American journalists is not new to Snowden's narrative.
In October 2013, James Risen of The New York Times reported Snowden told them that "he gave all of the classified documents they had obtained to journalists they met in Hong Kong, before flying to Moscow, and did not keep any copies for himself."
ACLU lawyer and Snowden legal adviser Ben Wizner subsequently told Business Insider that the report was inaccurate. (No correction was added to The Times story.)
Snowden subsequently told NBC's Brian Williams in Moscow that they possessed documents while on the run in Hong Kong but "destroyed" the cache before they reached out to Russian diplomats.
"The best way to make sure that for example the Russians can't break my fingers and — and compromise information or — or hit me with a bag of money until I give them something was not to have it at all," they said in May 2014.
"And the way to do that was by destroying the material that I was holding before I transited through Russia," they added.
screenshot/NBC
When comparing what they told the SCMP and NBC to The Times and the BBC, it's clear that the former CIA technician couldn't destroy or review material that they did not possess after meeting with journalists.
The inconsistencies highlight a central mystery of Snowden's story: If they stole up to 1.77 million documents and gave US journalists only about 200,000 of them, as alleged, then what happened to the rest? Did they destroy them, as they told NBC? If so, why reiterate to the BBC that everything was given to the American journalists?
'Volunteered to go to prison'
Snowden is charged with three felonies: Theft of government property, unauthorized communication of national defense information, and willful communication of classified communications intelligence information to an unauthorized person.
While discussing how they had not yet received a formal plea offer from the US, Snowden told the BBC that they had "volunteered to go to prison with the government many times."
Thomson Reuters
That would also seem to be a complete about-face in Snowden's stance. Wizner, the former NSA contractor's legal advisor, said in July that "any felony plea by Snowden that results in prison time would be unacceptable to their client," according to Yahoo's Michael Isikoff.
"Our position is they should not be reporting to prison as a felon and losing their civil rights as a result of their act of conscience," Wizner, who has taken part in plea negotiations, told Yahoo.
While Washington State is still adjusting to many changes since legalizing recreational marijuana—from growing space size to the number of licenses to give out—one of the biggest changes may be Drug Enforcement Agency (DEA) employees going to work in the private sector. Reason TV sat down with Patrick Moen, a former supervisory special agent with the DEA, who now works as compliance director and senior counsel at Privateer Holdings, a private equity firm that invests in cannabis.
"The more law enforcement officers acknowledge that prohibition [of marijuana] is wrong, the better off society is going to be," said Moen. At the DEA they specialized in wiretaps and worked on cases varying from busting heroin and methamphetamine rings to rooting out pot and painkiller dealers. "Taking that first step is often the most difficult one, it just so happened that I was the one to take it."
Moen says that they got a lot of support from friends and former colleagues, the latter of which privately asked them for jobs. They say people may be surprised to know that an overwhelming majority of agents they interacted with didn't feel marijuana should be a priority for the DEA.
"Well, my own personal point of view is that drugs like methamphetamine and heroin have legitimate, observable, harmful effects to the user and people around the user and you definitely cannot say the same thing about cannabis," says Moen.
Reason TV presented Moen with numbers from the Department of Justice's 2013 National Drug Threat Assessment indicating an increase in the availability of methamphetamine and heroin in the U.S.
"There are some cases of mine in particular that I am very proud of that I can look back at and say that I had a measurable effect on this community for some period of time before it bounced back," says Moen. "I don't think anyone was under the illusion that we were going to stop it, that we were going to win the war on drugs."
Moen is aware of the criticism of the DEA and the war on drugs in general.
"I think there is a certain subset of the population that views DEA agents as jackbooted thugs, that have an agenda to oppress them.... But it's just another job, and there are guys there that are competent, and there are guys there that are less so, but they are all trying to do the job the best that they can."
Privateer Holdings is looking to invest in businesses that surround the legal marijuana industry like the cannabis review site, Leafly.com, which also helps users find different strains and locations of cannabis around them. Leafly claims to have a website and app that generate more than 2.3 million visits a month.
The private cannabis industry isn't without worries though. CEO at Privateer Holdings, Brenden Kennedy, told Bloomberg TV on January 28, that banking in the marijuana industry was nearly impossible because banks were concerned with the taboo nature of the product. "We have been kicked out of two banks, two large banks, very unceremoniously," said Kennedy, who also said at least one employee at Privateer Holdings had experienced trouble with their personal bank account.
"The biggest risk we see is from the federal government. Bureaucrats and politicians are always the last ones to accept change," said Kennedy.
Approximately 10:07.
Produced and edited by Paul Detrick. Shot by Alex Manning. Music is "A Freak" by Moby.
Visit http://reason.com/reasontv for downloadable versions and subscribe to Reason TV's YouTube Channel to receive automatic updates when new material goes live.
All TED Talks are good. Why do only some go viral?
Over the last year, a human behavior consultancy called Science of People set out to answer this question. To do so, says founder Vanessa Van Edwards, they polled 760 volunteers, asking them to rate hundreds of hours of TED Talks, looking for specific nonverbal and body language patterns. To ensure comparability, they limited talks to videos that had been posted on TED.com in 2010 and were between 15 and 20 minutes long.
So why do some TED Talks rack up millions of views, while others on similar topics get less attention? Van Edwards points to five nonverbal patterns that the poll revealed:
“It's not what you say, it's how you say it.” Van Edwards found that people rated speakers comparably on charisma, credibility and intelligence whether they watched talks with sound — or on mute.
. “Jazz hands rock.” Van Edwards noted a correlation between the number of hand gestures a speaker makes in a talk and the number of views the talk receives.
. “Scripts kill your charisma.” Van Edwards found that speakers who offered more vocal variety showed better ratings on charisma and credibility. What's especially interesting: people rated speakers who clearly ad libbed in their talks higher than those who stayed on script.
. “Smiling makes you look smarter.” Van Edwards found that the longer a TED speaker smiled, the higher their perceived intelligence ratings.
. “You have seven seconds.” Van Edwards found that first impressions matter a lot, and that people had largely formed their opinion about a speaker based on the first several seconds.
We spoke to Van Edwards to find out more.
What initially piqued your interest in looking TED Talks?
We're always looking for something that is counter to logic. I'm a TED junkie, and I was searching on the TED Blog one day, and I saw two talks that had similar titles. They were both on leadership and both given the same year. Both talks are great. But one, Simon Sinek's talk, had 20-something million views, and the other had far fewer. I thought, “There's a puzzle here.” You have people who are not quote-unquote famous — they usually don't have massive Twitter followings, especially not before they did their TED Talk. So it's not a celebrity factor and, in this society, I think that's rare. When TED Talks go viral, there's something else going on.
I had to figure out how we could turn this into an experiment. We like to base our projects on existing academic research, and there are a couple studies out there that look at how nonverbal cues and thin-slicing can affect people's perceptions of a teacher. TED Talks are teaching, in many ways. So we decided to test the things that were in the existing research about thin-slicing, using TED Talks.
And what is thin-slicing?
Thin-slicing is what we do when we first see someone: we take a very quick snapshot of who we think they are. We gauge very quickly, in less than a second: do we think that they're credible? Do we think they're competent? Do we think that they're charismatic? And we do that very, very quickly based on very few cues, almost always nonverbal.
Let's talk through some of the patterns you noticed. I was pretty shocked by the conclusion that people rate speakers comparably whether they listened to the content of the talk or not. How did you find that?
We did a couple different screenings of the talks. We have about 40,000 subscribers on our website, and get about 100,000 to 200,000 visitors a month, so we're able to get a lot of data quickly. In one of the screenings, we had half the participants watch talks on silent, and half watch talks with sound. We asked both of the groups the exact same questions: How would you rate this talk overall? How charismatic is the speaker? How intelligent is the speaker? How credible is the speaker? And we found that the people who watched the talks on mute rated speakers almost exactly the same as the people who had watched the talks with sound. The one exception was David Blaine's TED Talk, I think because it included a lot of videos of them from previous endeavors and that confused people. For their talk, the ratings were different.
I'm also curious why you think hand gestures make such a difference in how a talk is rated.
One of the things that past research has suggested is that hand gestures — even nonsensical ones — make you seem more charismatic. That's a really easy thing to test. So we had four different people in our lab — people who are trained in body language — count the number of hand movements. Any kind of up-and-down, side-to-side move. We tallied all of them and took the average. Then, we looked at the number of hand gestures in each talk and ranked the talks from top to bottom. And we found that the talks that had the most hand gestures correlated with the talks that were overall favorites. Temple Grandin has a lot of hand gestures, Jamie Oliver had a lot of hand gestures — it correlated with people's favorite talks.
This was a total surprise. I would've guessed that the talks with the most hand gestures were going to have a lower rating, because it was distracting, and that the middle hand-gesture talks would be the most charismatic. That was not the case. We don't know why, but we have a hypothesis: If you're watching a talk and someone's moving their hands, it gives your mind something else to do in addition to listening. So you're doubly engaged. For the talks where someone is not moving their hands a lot, it's almost like there's less brain engagement, and the brain is like, “This is not exciting” — even if the content's really good.
Your third conclusion is, “Scripts kill your charisma.” How so?
We found that the more vocal variety a speaker had, the higher their charisma and credibility ratings were. Something about vocal variety links to charisma and competence. To look at this, we first had to rate vocal variety on our side. We looked at cadence, volume, pitch and emotionality. Speakers that were using lots of different pacing — who yelled at the audience and occasionally got really quiet, who sped up and then slowed down — the higher charisma and credibility ratings they got.
Again, we think this has to do with the fact that we can only pay attention for so long. The longer a talk is — even at 18 minutes — there are points where you kind of think about dinner, think about traffic, think about email. And so we think that the vocal variety engages the brain when it likes to sleep on the content.
Talk to me about how smiling affected ratings.
This totally surprised us as well. We thought, and existing research has said, that leaders actually smile less. But what we found is that the longer someone smiles, the higher their intelligence ratings went. We're not sure exactly what this is, but we think that perhaps it's a relatability thing. The speakers who smiled from stage, they almost seemed more human to people who were watching. And so the viewers went, “Ah! This is someone I could get to know.”
What about the seven-second rule?
At the very end, we decided we had to test: do people really make their decision about someone within the first few seconds? So we took the same videos, we [edited them down to] the first seven seconds, and had people watch. We gave these viewers the exact same questions as people who had watched the entire talk. And we found that the ratings overall — who people liked overall and who they didn't like — matched, whether they'd watched the first seven seconds or the full talk. We think that the brain actually decides as soon as that person takes the stage and begins speaking, “You know what? I'm gonna like this talk.”
What do you think that future speakers — and even TED as an organization — can take from this research? Obviously, the content of talks does matter. But how can this information about nonverbal communication help lead to better talks?
I hope that this can help TED speakers strengthen their verbal messages. I like to think about using these nonverbal shortcuts as a way to bold or underline spoken words. Anyone with a big idea should be able to express their passion both verbally and nonverbally. This study gives relatively easy nonverbal tools that TED speakers can use to enhance their stage presence so their idea spreads further.
KUALA LUMPUR: Malaysia will begin imposing its tourism tax from Aug 1 this year, starting from RM2.50 (S$0.80) per room each night, according to details published on the Royal Malaysian Customs Department's website.
The tax will be collected from all types of premises used as accommodation for tourists, except homestay and Kampung Stay registered under the ministry, premises managed by institutions (education), premises used for training purposes and religious institutions where such facilities are not used for commercial purposes. Premises with fewer than 10 rooms are also exempted, according to the website.
Advertisement
The registration of operators of these premises will start this July, the website said.
It added that the rates start from RM2.50 per room each night at a non-rated accommodation to RM20 per room each night at five-star accommodation.
Tourism and Culture Minister Mohamed Nazri Abdul Aziz had said in April, when the Bill was passed, that revenue from the tourism tax would be in the region of RM654.62 million if the overall occupancy rate for the 11 million "room night" in the country can achieve 60 per cent.
The webpage with the details of the tourism tax was apparently taken down on Wednesday (Jun 7), after this report was published.
Advertisement
Shouting at your wife may get you a criminal record in France
Married couples in France could end up with criminal records for insulting each other during arguments.
Under a new law, France is to become the first country in the world to ban ' psychological violence' within marriage.
The law would apply to cohabiting couples and to both men and women.
'Insidious': Couples who resort to 'psychological violence' during arguments could get criminal records under a new French law (file picture)
French Prime Minister Francois Fillon said electronic tagging would be used on repeat offenders
It would cover men who shout at their wives and women who hurl abuse at their husbands - although it was not clear last night if nagging would be viewed as breaking the law.
The law is expected to cover every kind of insult including repeated rude remarks about a partner's appearance, false allegations of infidelity and threats of physical violence.
Police are being urged to issue a caution in the first instance, but repeat offenders could face a fine, a restraining order or even jail.
Critics said the measure was a gimmick produced in response to lobbying by feminists and would be impossible to implement.
But French premier Francois Fillon, who announced the law, said: 'The creation of this offence will allow us to deal with the most insidious situations - situations that leave no visible scars, but which leave victims torn up inside.'
Many believe the offence will be impossible to prove. Psychologist Anne Giraud said: 'Squabbling couples will allege all kinds of things about each other, but often it will be a case of one person's word against the other.'
Sociologist Pierre Bonnet said: 'The next step will be to make rudeness a criminal offence. The police and courts will be over-stretched trying to deal with numerous cases.'
A spokesperson for Mr Fillon said the law was supported by the government, and was likely to be implemented within six months.
Sergey Brin To All Elected Politicians: Withdraw From Your Parties And Go Independent
from the end-bipartisanship-now dept
...no matter what the outcome, our government will still be a giant bonfire of partisanship. It is ironic since whenever I have met with our elected officials they are invariably thoughtful, well-meaning people. And yet collectively 90% of their effort seems to be focused on how to stick it to the other party.
So my plea to the victors -- whoever they might be: please withdraw from your respective parties and govern as independents in name and in spirit. It is probably the biggest contribution you can make to the country.
As I've noted before , when I was first eligible to vote, the voter registration card required you to check off party affiliation. Along with the various parties, it had an option for "Independent." I actually found even that term to have certain connotations, and so I just left that section blank, and wondered what would happen. Eventually the state sent me confirmation of my voting status, and in the space for party affiliation it had typed out, in all capital letters: "BLANK." I thought that was great. Since then I've generally considered that to be my party affiliation: BLANK.I tend to think that partisan politics is a big problem, and am always interested in truly independent politicians -- a few of whom always pop up every election season. This year, for example, we've got Angus King in Maine , who ran (and won) as an independent for the US Senate (as they had formerly done in winning governor of the state). I got to meet King earlier this year, and without being beholden to partisan lines on things, they seemed a lot more reasonable than many politicians on key issues. Plenty of other politicians I've met seem reasonable on certain issues, but also are often pressured to toe the party line on certain issues, even if they're apologetic about it.In the end, the horse race "us vs. them" becomes more important than, and that's a problem.Google founder Sergey Brin seems similarly concerned about the state of partisan politics these days, noting that their "dread" about the latest election round had more to do with partisan politics, rather than any particular candidate . As such, he's urging politicians to drop out of their parties:Wouldn't it be nice if we had politicians governing based on principles rather than on what will harm the other guys?
Filed Under: independent, partisan politics, politics, sergey brin
Azure Backup, Microsoft's cloud-based VM and data backup service that protects the contents of both Windows and Linux VMs, has been promoted to full-blown GA status as of last week.
Azure Backup's feature set goes head to head against the likes of VMware vSphere 6 as a way to protect running VMs. It also falls in line with Microsoft's strategy to make Azure an all-encompassing fabric for both local and cloud computing, with backup as one of many covered functions.
[ Discover the key technologies to speed archival storage and get quick data recovery in InfoWorld's Backup Deep Dive PDF special report. | Get a digest of the day's top tech stories in the InfoWorld Daily newsletter. ]
Many of the features found in the release version of Azure Backup were announced when it was originally previewed back in March. Key among them:
Application-consistent backups for Windows machines (and file-consistent backups for Linux VMs)
Backup and retention driven by settable policies, with long-term retention of backups; the GA version of Azure Backup promises to store backups for 99 years
Backup protection of both VMs and client systems running Windows 7, 8, and 10 client systems
Up to 16 data disks can be backed up along with any given VM, and only changed data is backed up to reduce the amount of network traffic. Most crucial, systems don't need to be powered down to enact backups, and a roster of PowerShell cmdlets are intended to make backup and restore operations scriptable.
However, data storage costs extra, and there are limits to how much info can be backed up for an individual data source. But there's no charge for data egress when performing a restore operation.
Earlier this year, VMware vSphere 6 bundled the previously separate VMware Data Protection product, which also sports application-aware VM backup and restore functions. Where Microsoft ought to have an edge over vSphere 6 for backup -- especially for smaller enterprises -- is via Azure's granular usage model, which has a more pay-as-you-go structure than vSphere's licensing.
Last year Microsoft announced hardware-based Azure backup solutions, the StorSimple 8100 and 8600 arrays, designed to allow businesses to transparently migrate existing workloads into Azure. Unfortunately, the steep price tag and management issues made it less than appealing as a solution.
Azure Backup, though, is not dependent on any particular hardware solution. It's limited to backing up client versions of Windows from Windows 7 up, and Windows Server 2008 SP2 up, but those limits pose far less of a barrier to adoption than the cost of a hardware appliance.
Featured on
Organized and Powerful — BoardPass is an expert organizer made for all kinds of Apple products.
iPhone, iPad, Macbook and all the other accessories and devices…Nowadays, we have an array of Apple devices to connect every aspect of our daily lives.
However, what comes along, the inevitable tangling cables, cluttered cords and messy devices, can be really stressful and irritating.
It shouldn't be this way.
We can do better. Be organized. Keep things in the sleek, Apple style.
Keeping all the cables neatly and secured, BoardPass is the perfect match for all kinds of Apple products.
We have exclusive compartments for each Apple device, from Macbook, iPad, iPad Mini to accessories like adapters, earphones, power banks...etc.
You don't need to be irritated by all the tangling cables and messy devices.
Apple may have made your life easier, let BoardPass make your Apple life smoother.
Frequent travelers can understand the anxiety during security checks, when repeatedly asked to fish out laptops, tablets, electronic devices, and then put everything back in again.
With BoardPass, things can be much easier.
Saving half of the time and effort, BoardPass keeps all your devices in one organizer panel, and secures each device in their own designated pockets.
You can simply pull out the panel, send the panel (along with your devices) through the X-ray, and you're through security in no time.
Organize your devices, organize your life.We help you pack better.Whoever you are, wherever you are, whatever you're bringing, we make sure everything remains neat and sleek.
Designer Special, Unleash Creativity
Let creativity roam free, and find inspiration everywhere.
Pack in iPad and Apple Pencil, and take out your tablet to sketch and doodle, whenever, wherever you like.
Mobile Office on the Go
More memory, more data storage and extension channels -- you can have it all 'in' the bag. Make the best use of a bag's potential. Connect laptop to embedded docking hub (extra 3 USB and 1 SD card reader, connected with MicroUSB cable), and transform your briefcase into portable work station.
Light, Compact, Mighty
Pack in all the content entertainment, eReader, video and games in the sleeve.
Slide iPad Mini into your bag, bring along earphones and continuous power to enjoy diverse entertainment with the most hands-free experience!
Organized for Productivity
Declutter the mess around your workspace.
Your desk is a territory creativity and productivity. A neat, clean table can help to clear the mind and improves work quality. Start afresh and put everything in their place.
Best Travel Companion
Keep in style, even on the road.
Luggage slide over secures your briefcase to the suitcase. Special compartment for your mobile phone and passport -- no frenzy fishing things in the bag.
Overwhelmed by too many gadgets, tangling cables, and different accessories?
BoardPass brings you the ultimate solution: Customized Briefcase.
We tailor the bag compartments to your needs with 3 different organizer panels, each with exclusive organizer pockets for various kinds of devices and accessories.
Choose what you need, and fit them into their designated organizer. We've prepared a place for everything, and accommodates everything in its place.
Switching to different work mode? Need different tools?
No problem.
Bring what you need. Choose different devices and accessories for different occasions.
Simply swap the panels and change the matching accessories, and you're good to go.
MacBook Accessory Panel
iPad Pro Sleeve Insert
iPad mini Sleeve Insert
Size and Spec
BoardPass laptop bag (33 cm x 38 cm x 2.5 cm) is designed for 13-inch MacBook. Other compatible laptops includes:
New MacBook Pro 13", MacBook Pro 13", MacBook Air 13", MacBook Air 11", MacBook 12"
ASUS ZenBook 3, HP Elite Book, Dell XPS 13, Dell 14.1".
New MacBook Pro 13", MacBook Pro 13", MacBook Air 13", MacBook Air 11", MacBook 12" ASUS ZenBook 3, HP Elite Book, Dell XPS 13, Dell 14.1". iPad Pro Sleeve Insert is also compatible with Surface Pro 3 &4 tablet.
Laptop Compartment 36.5cm (H) x 27.5 cm (L) x 2.7 cm (W), suitable for most laptops from 10"~14", and new MacBook Pro 15".
We create, and we invent. We pursuit dreams, and we make it happen.
In Arky, we don't just ‘manufacture' products. We brainstorm for for ideas, examine every design details with scrutiny, invite industry professionals and experts to evaluate the feasibility, and partner with great studios to make sure each and every item is made solid and workable. Through on Kickstarter, we'd like to engage directly with greater market audience, and to invite you to join us, join Arky community. Together, let's make BoardPass come true!
Nothing lasts forever, not even a YouTube channel about people eating obnoxiously hot peppers and trying to talk about video games. On February 6, Hot Pepper Gaming uploaded its its final episode, a tear-filled video about The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim's recent remastering.
"It says less than a drop because otherwise it can cause loss of consciousness," said co-creator Jared Rosen, as they dripped Flashbang hot sauce onto a spoon.
Flashbang hot sauce, often featured in videos that warn of excessive vomiting and crying, ranks a whopping 3,500,000 units on the scoville scale, which ranks the heat of spicy peppers. Seconds later, as Rosen is supposed to drop the blazing sauce into their mouth, things take a much darker turn.
"Oh, it hit me in the eye" they yelp. "Oh, that's not going to be cool."
Hot Pepper Gaming started a little over three years ago, a collaboration between Rosen, Erin Schmalfeld, and Vernon Shaw. In 2013, the three were all working at Maker Studios, the massive YouTube network partnered with channel giants like PewDiePie. The whole pitch for Hot Pepper Gaming can, in fact, be traced back to a single tweet by Shaw from June 2013:
"This is genius," was the only response to the tweet.
Though the concept of eating hot peppers and filming your response wasn't exactly new, Shaw found themselves inspired after catching an episode of Spicy News, where people would eat a pepper and try to riff jokes on the week's news.
The first episode, discussing the mediocre Deadpool game from Activision, involved Rosen downing a habanero pepper, a mere 100,000-to-350,000 scoville units. (If he'd only known what the future held.) The episode was produced for just $20, with a borrowed camera and supplies from a craft store.
"None of us thought it would go anywhere," said Rosen. "At Maker, we were surrounded by coworkers in their early 20s with terrible little five-subscriber YouTube channels, and after a while you begin to think in terms of the flavor your obscurity will taste. Ten subs? Fifty? At least we'd be able to share it around the office for a giggle. Then you get in the room with this jank-ass yellow set where the cats just took a shit, there's an iPad with Deadpool on it, $20 worth of whole milk from the liquor store, and suddenly you're directing fucking Casablanca."
The problem with starting any new YouTube channel, though, is getting noticed. Hot Pepper Gaming got their first break a week later, when Kotaku stumbled upon the video and wrote about it. "Jared Rosen is a fearless pioneer of video game criticism," wrote Kotaku's Mike Fahey.
They had what every YouTube channel is looking for: eyeballs. But no one expected anyone to pay attention to Hot Pepper Gaming this soon. The team hadn't even settled on a format yet.
"We were surrounded by coworkers in their early 20s with terrible little five-subscriber YouTube channels, and after a while you begin to think in terms of the flavor your obscurity will taste. Ten subs? Fifty?"
"We kind of had a moment where it was like 'Well, I guess we have to keep doing this now!'" said Schmalfeld.
Over the next three years and more than 200 videos, Hot Pepper Gaming became a genuine phenomenon in games, luring in the likes of Sony head of worldwide studios Shuhei Yoshida, WWE wrestler Xavier Woods, and others within gaming to torture themselves on camera. Things really turned a corner, however, when YouTube personality Arin "Egoraptor" Hanson, best known for creating cartoons about games, came on to discuss Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain.
Hanson had reached out to Shaw over Facebook and asked to come on. The result was Hot Pepper Gaming's first episode seen more than a million times, which prompted brands to get interested. Now, Hot Pepper Gaming was profitable.
The group behind Hot Pepper Gaming, celebrating after hitting 100,000 subscribers on YouTube. Photo courtesy of Jared Rosen.
"When you're living in what is essentially a no-bedroom hell chamber in an apartment block converted from 1980s hourly sex motels those $10k checks start to mean something," said Rosen.
Part of the reason the channel seemed to draw attention was its rawness.
"For all the talk about how 'authentic' online personalities are, there's still a very rehearsed, measured air to a lot of the content," said Schmalfeld. "Whenever a camera turns on and there's a threat of permanence to whatever you do or say, it's natural to assume some level of artifice, but all of that falls away pretty fast when you eat a pepper and all you can think about is the fact that your mouth is on fire."
When asked about the most ridiculous guest to come through, though, the group was unanimous: Andrew WK, the musician best known for partying hard.
"At first I legitimately thought the dude was crazy," said Rosen.
Rosen picked up Andrew WK in their dirty 2010 Sentra, wherein WK rolled out an impromptu impersonation of actor Jeff Goldblum, wanted to passionately discuss "the impermanence of false memories," began making cat noises, and asked if Rosen would stop off at a store and pick up caviar for them to eat on the road.
"The whole time I was wondering if they were going to grab the steering wheel or tuck and roll onto the highway," said Rosen, "so I kept cracking jokes in that nervous way you do during uncomfortable parties. Turns out the guy is legitimately just an erudite, emotionally honest man who may or may not have magic elf powers."
The proposed "elf powers" came from a moment when WK entered Schmalfeld's bathroom, which famously had a door that wouldn't stay shut. This was a constant problem while taping episodes of Hot Pepper Gaming; eating obnoxiously hot peppers tends to make people poop. For whatever reason, when WK closed the door, it stayed shut. When they left, it was broken again. Magic.
When shooting started, the group thought WK had lost their mind.
"The pepper caused them to go almost dead silent for eight minutes and we all thought they were going to die," said Rosen.
WK managed to compose himself, however, recovering with a chilled glass of jagermeister.
"We asked what they wanted to drink and they said 'chilled Jaegermeister, please," said Schmalfeld. "It seemed like an odd request but the liquor store down the street actually had some in a fridge behind the counter. I think the rest of it is still in my freezer to this day."
"He drank [the] bottle of chilled Jäger in a fucking Super Bowl cozie," said Rosen. "And at the end of the night, I'm dropping them off and they grab my phone, puts in their personal cell number and dead-eyes me with, 'You're awesome. Call me whenever you need me.'"
"I think it's a rare thing to collaborate with your friends on a silly little idea and have it mean so much to so many people."
The Andrew WK experience was one of many bizarre moments since they started experimenting with eating peppers in 2013. And while people kept watching new episodes, the group began to feel a desire to move on. Hot Pepper Gaming's joke seemed to have run its course, and though the channel made money, it wasn't full-time. It was still a side project that ate uptime during everyone's increasingly busy nights and weekends. It meant they couldn't work on new ideas.
"The internet is an elephant graveyard of dead YouTube channels and forgotten websites that true believers worship in the dead of night," said Rosen. "But they're gone, and that feels shitty. Since we've all kind of moved on and the channel was really not growing—we called it 'being on auto-pilot'—we called a meeting and decided to just put a bullet in it, but classily."
As mentioned above, the final episode brought the channel full circle, with Rosen eating a pepper and trying to talk about a video game, before everyone got on camera to say goodbye. Though Hot Pepper Gaming is dead, Rosen, Shaw, and Schmalfeld plan to still work together.
"I think it's a rare thing to collaborate with your friends on a silly little idea and have it mean so much to so many people," said Shaw. "We've all gotten to travel the world, make life-affirming friendships, and experience some of the most amazing and ridiculous stories that we'll be telling for the rest of our lives thanks to what, in its most basic form, boils down to one dumb tweet."
Follow Patrick on Twitter. If you have a tip or a story idea, drop them an email here.
Hannah's triplets were born from two eggs. Photo: SWNS
Hannah Kersey, 23, from Northam in Devon, had identical twins Ruby and Tilly, who were born from one womb, Grace, who was born from the other.
The girls had to stay in hospital for nine weeks after being born seven weeks early by Caesarean, but have now returned home to their parents.
The odds of having triplets from two wombs are about 25 million to one.
The chances of a woman with two wombs having twins or two separate births is estimated to be five million to one.
Against the odds
Only 70 women in the world are known to have been pregnant in two wombs, reports suggest.
The condition, which is actually called uterus didelphys, affects one in 1,000 women in the UK.
In Miss Kersey's case, the babies were conceived from two eggs - one in each womb - which were fertilised at the same time by two different sperm.
There are very few world firsts nowadays, but it may be one
Consultant Dr Simon Grant, who delivered the babies
One egg then divided, producing identical twins, while the other developed into a single baby.
Hannah and their partner Mick Faulkner said they were "over the moon" at how healthy and happy the girls are.
Hannah said: "They are three lovely and incredible children, all with very different personalities.
"Gracie seems to be the ringleader - maybe because they grew up in their own womb.
"Ruby is very laid back and quiet, happy to sit and watch what is happening around them
WOMB ABNORMALITIES Occur when the uterus fails to fuse normally during development Vary in severity - sometimes the division extends into the vagina Can cause fertility problems
"Tilly, who was the baby that struggled to survive inside me, is a real fighter, wanting to keep up with their sisters and not be left out."
Dr Simon Grant, a consultant at Southmead Hospital who delivered the babies, said: "There are very few world firsts nowadays, but it may be one."
Mr Ellis Downes, consultant obstetrician and gynaecologist at Chase Farm Hospital in London, said: "It is quite amazing. Women with two wombs have conceived a baby in each womb before but never twins in one and a singleton in the other."
Leading expert Mr Peter Bowen-Simpkins added: "For a woman to spontaneously conceive and give birth in this way is a real rarity. They have been extremely fortunate."
Mr Richard Warren of the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists said most cases occur naturally, but the condition can run in families.
Hannah's mother and sister also have two wombs.
INSIDE a modern business centre in Moscow, of the kind that has mushroomed across Russia in the 17 years that Vladimir Putin had been in power, a team of 30-year-olds are making plans to replace the president with Aleksei Navalny, a 41-year-old former lawyer and anti-corruption crusader. Perched on the edge of white desks or lounging on red bean bags, Mr Navalny's team exude youthful confidence as they discuss last-minute preparations for a big rally. It all looks like a normal presidential election campaign. Indeed, Mr Navalny's staff have studied the methods of American candidates such as Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders. But this being Russia, nothing is what it seems.
For a start, the campaign for Russia's presidential election in 2018 has not yet begun. Once it does, Mr Navalny is unlikely to get on the ballot. A trumped-up conviction for embezzlement in 2013, though dismissed by the European Court of Human Rights, bars them from being registered. If that was not enough to put them off, they have already suffered a campaign of intimidation. On April 27th thugs threw green antiseptic mixed with acid in their face. The day your correspondent visited their election headquarters, Mr Navalny was in a clinic in Spain, having stitches removed after eye surgery to bring back their sight.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
None of this is likely to stop Mr Navalny and their team, who claim to have seized the initiative. Over the past few months Mr Navalny has managed to mobilise volunteers, mostly through social media. Their team boast they have opened 77 campaign headquarters in 65 regions. Such speed has caught the Kremlin by surprise.
On March 26th Mr Navalny brought thousands of people onto the streets in 90 Russian cities to protest against corruption. “The Kremlin did not expect Navalny to start making trouble until the Autumn,” says Valery Fedorov, the head of VTSIOM, an opinion pollster. For now the government is trying to avoid further escalation. Physical attacks have mostly stopped. In the past Mr Navalny was pelted with eggs and tomatoes in nearly every town they visited. The aim was not simply to deter them from leaving home, but also to make them seem unpopular.
The tactic failed. The protests in March were the largest since people took en masse to the streets 2011. This suggests that Mr Putin's efforts to make voters forget about the national malaise by rallying them around the flag are not working as well as they hoped. Even after they annexed Crimea and started a war in Ukraine, Russians are still gloomy.
The political mood has changed over the past six years. The protests in 2011 were good-natured, mostly in Moscow, led by journalists and artists and lacked political leadership. Now the protest is angrier, geographically broader and involves younger people, many of them teenagers. Their main grievance is that the government offers them no appealing vision of the future. Elena Omelchenko of the National Research University in Moscow argues that the protests demonstrated a “demand to bring moral order” back to Russia. Protesters complain of the injustice, hypocrisy and cynicism of daily life. “Corruption steals our future” is their slogan.
The new generation of protesters are hard for the Kremlin to win over. They eschew television in favour of YouTube videos and social media. Here, Mr Navalny has a clear advantage.  They are banned from state television, but what of it? They reject its output as propaganda and offers a digital alternative. Their investigative film about the castles and yachts amassed by Dmitry Medvedev, Russia's prime minister, has been viewed over 22m times. It has also prompted an angry response from Alisher Usmanov, an oligarch, who is now suing Mr Navalny for defamation.
Even though they rarely appear on television, most Russians recognise Mr Navalny. For now, they largely disapprove of him, having been told by their government that they are a criminal. But this could change: in the most recent parliamentary elections 52% of Russians did not vote. If even a quarter of these abstainers chose to believe Navalny's message that Russians can live better, the political landscape would shift dramatically, argues Leonid Volkov, the head of Mr Navalny's campaign.
Fight for the flag
Mr Navalny's task, for now, is to persuade people that they are a viable alternative to Mr Putin. To do so, says Mr Volkov, they must gain such a high profile that if they are not on the ballot, the election will not seem legitimate. To this end, they have called for an even larger rally, complete with flags, on Russia's independence day, June 12th, in 150 cities. Few Russians remember that the day both marks the anniversary of Russia declaring itself partially independent from the Soviet Union, and the election of Boris Yeltsin as Russia's first president. Mr Navalny is determined to refresh their memory.
The saying Moss used is featured on pro-anorexia websites Model Kate Moss has been criticised by campaigners after saying they live by a slogan which encourages people with anorexia not to eat. In an interview with fashion news website WWD, Moss said one of their mottoes was: "Nothing tastes as good as skinny feels." Eating disorder charity Beat described the comments as "dangerous" and "very unhelpful" for sufferers. A spokesperson for Moss said the comment had been "completely misrepresented". In the interview, Moss adds: "That's one of them. You try and remember, but it never works." The saying is widely used by anorexia and bulimia sufferers on websites. 'Irresponsible' A spokesperson for Beat said it was "a very unfortunate phrase" particularly as it was widely used on pro-anorexia websites. "She probably doesn't realise how dangerous such comments can be. It's difficult enough for young people who are struggling to beat eating disorders, without comments like this which are very unhelpful," they said. Katie Green, a former Ultimo underwear model who has launched a Say No To Size Zero campaign with Liberal Democrat MP Lembit Opik, said the comments were "irresponsible". They said: "I think Kate Moss should really have thought before they spoke like most of us do before giving interviews. Kate is a mother themselves and how would parents with children suffering from eating disorders feel reading something like this? "We are trying to get the government to put something in place to stamp out size zero models and comments like this aren't doing anything to help that." A spokesperson for Moss's model agency Storm said: "This was part of a longer answer Kate gave during a wider ranging interview which has unfortunately been taken out of context and completely misrepresented. "For the record, Kate does not support this as a lifestyle choice."
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Right before the new year, a tweeted quote from comedian John Fugelsang made its way from the Huffington Post to the social media feeds of progressive Christians of my ilk:
But Fugelsang's spin on the “Jesus was a Liberal” bumper sticker likewise appeared on the feeds of many atheists, agnostics, humanists, and sundry other Nones (people who do not claim an institutional religious affiliation) of my virtual acquaintance.
Many of these were participants in my study of the spiritual lives of the religiously unaffiliated in America, which has involved interviewing nearly a hundred Nones across the United States over the past eighteen months and gathering narrative input from another hundred-and-forty online.
While the appeal to this religiously unaffiliated cohort of such plainly religious (and, not for nothing, political) messaging might come as a surprise to some, according to the 2008 Pew “US Religious Landscape Survey,” seven-in-ten Nones emerge into Noneness from Christian backgrounds. So, it makes sense that the Christian idiom—its narratives, rituals, symbols, professed ethics, and so on—remains a significant resource for these folks, whether they're arguing against it or adapting it to alternative spiritualities.
This was certainly the case for the majority of the Nones I interviewed across the country. Regardless of where they stood with regard to religious belief or unbelief, or attendant practices, the people I interviewed told me repeatedly how much they admired the Jesus of the Christian Gospel, radical defender of the poor and outcast.
“Being an atheist doesn't mean I hate Jesus,” a None from North Carolina who had been raised in a nondenominational Evangelical family told me. “You have to love the whole Good Samaritan story, or the way they stood up for the adultery woman. You don't want to throw that away, because we need those stories.” They paused, “It's just that my church experience didn't really focus on that. It was about no sinning, avoiding temptation. It was about helping yourself to get saved, not helping others so much.”
Another None, a Californian who had been brought up as a Presbyterian but now sets an adaptation of Buddhist mindfulness meditation, Hatha yoga, and long mountain hikes at the center of their spiritual life, called on an understanding of Jesus as a social justice exemplar as an important part of their own ethical views.
On a small home altar—among assorted crystals; small Buddhist and Hindu figurines; feathers, seashells, small stones collected on nature walks; and photos of family and friends—leaned a contemporary Orthodox-style icon depicting Jesus as the Good Samaritan. When I asked them about it, they explained,
I just was always inspired by that story ever since I was little. You know, that we could be that way toward each other. It's really the ideal for me of how people should behave. Not “do unto others,” but more like “do what they need when you find them on the road.” That still really matters to me even though I don't think of myself as a “Christian” in a religious sense anymore. Spiritually, though, I guess I still have that in my personal beliefs—that this was what Jesus stood for and expected us to emulate.
“I think of Jesus first and foremost as a healer,” a secular humanist from Boston who had been educated by Jesuits in Brazil told me. “He's such an icon for reaching out to people most in need. That didn't end up making me believe in a supernatural being who gives out miracle cures,” they made clear, “but it's a big social lesson. It's really the best side of Christianity.”
Indeed, so compelling is this understanding of Jesus to many Nones that in close to a hundred interviews, the story of the Good Samaritan, specifically, came up nearly twenty times.
At the end of the day, for half of the people I interviewed, the Jesus of radical compassion and justice remained spiritually and ethically significant regardless of religious identification, affiliation, or practice.
There are a number of ways to read this small body of data. The first is, of course, that, growth in the unaffiliated notwithstanding, the majority of Americans still identify with one Christian tradition or another. If you're outside of that normative religious core, you have to contend on some level with the more dominant religiosity of American culture.
Nones—like Buddhists, Hindus, Jews, Muslims, Wiccans, and others outside of institutional Christianity—live in a culture saturated with Christian language, symbols, and rituals. Given this, and the high percentage of Nones who themselves come from Christian backgrounds, Jesus will likely factor into both spiritual and social identity construction.
But the Good Samaritan and other Gospel narratives also have an ethical resonance with Nones that extends beyond their place in the larger cultural vocabulary. Nancy Ammerman's study of what they termed “Golden Rule Christians”—practicing believers across Christian denominations and ideological spectrums who take the scriptural teaching that one should “do unto others as you would have them do to you” (Mt. 7:12) as the core Christian value—certainly tracks a similarly generalized Christian ethic. But I would suggest that the ethical perspective of those I might tag as “Good Samaritan Nones” goes somewhat further in ways that are particular to the spiritualities of American Nones.
Very basically, the ethos of “Golden Rule Christianity” is to treat each person as we might desire to be treated. Philosophers from Immanuel Kant to Ayn Rand have criticized ethical practice based on the Golden Rule for a variety of reasons: it assumes self as the basis for authentic knowledge of the needs of the other; it ignores the context in which self and other interact; it values reciprocity over self-preservation and, potentially, justice; and it offers a general moral principle without defining normative moral action.
Christian thinkers, in turn, have robustly argued that the wider Gospel context of the Golden Rule grounds its interpretation in a self-giving love of neighbor exemplified by Jesus Christ.
Still, “Good Samaritan Nones” up the ethical ante. Their understanding is that the ministry and character of Jesus calls for more radical ethical action requiring risk, challenge, and even conflict on behalf of the oppressed. Here, the needs of the other are the starting point for moral engagement rather than a presumed likeness between the other and the self.
Indeed, in the parable of the Good Samaritan, difference—otherness—in itself is the locus of both moral action and of the moral assessment of the Samaritan as “good.”
“I'm not a Christian anymore,” said an agnostic woman from Nebraska,
but I'm still impressed by the story of the Good Samaritan in the Bible, which was about seeing past ethnic or tribal categories. I wish Christians and other religions would learn that. We all just are who we are walking down the road. We want to be seen as no more and no less than that.
Some Nones I talked with did routinely point out what they saw as hypocrisy in churches that do not exhibit this Jesus-like quality toward whoever their particular others might be. But most focused more on what the Gospel stories continued to mean for them personally in terms of ethical practice outside of institutional churches.
Still, even those who did not critique or condemn churches and their members for their failure to live up to the Good Samaritan ethic did not seem to feel that institutional religions were up to the challenge of offering genuinely self-sacrificing service to others.
“You know,” a None in Kansas who described themselves as “an agnostic Jesus Follower” told me,
the big church organizations—Habitat [for Humanity] or whatever—will do things like that. Or, maybe after a hurricane. But day to day, week to week, you don't really see [churches] where you live being involved—out on the streets with homeless people. I think most of them are just trying to hold on to the members they have, to make them happy and comfortable. They take care of their own, in my experience.
Now, of course, those active in churches will argue—rightly—that most local churches and their members are involved in all manner of social ministries. They staff and donate to food banks, homeless shelters, meal programs, after school programs, environmental initiatives, anti-violence campaigns, and so on, tirelessly. But these activities are almost invisible except to those most actively involved, very often within the sponsoring church communities themselves.
Even—sometimes especially—to Nones who come from Christian backgrounds, Good Samaritan practices don't read as being at the spiritual heart of most churches as they present themselves in worship services, websites, and other public platforms.
An “atheist most days” from Virginia who had been raised in a progressive Episcopalian church talked warmly about annual youth group service trips to Haiti, Mexico, New Orleans, and other “areas in need.” They insisted that these trips had been incredibly important in their personal and spiritual development. But, they said,
they were basically extracurricular activities. You went on these trips, and did a presentation at church one week, then that was it. It was just a thing they did for the youth to develop Christian values of charity and compassion, I guess.
Few churches, it seems, express their identities in prophetic, radically other-oriented registers, even to their own members. For many, Jesus is the cute, swaddled infant of Christmas pageants; the kindly Good Shepherd who leads us beside still waters; the regal risen Christ who triumphs over sin and death. But, he's not often a dude who would leave the comfort of a cozy church coffee hour with folks of their own social milieu to part with cloak and coin for the benefit of the dazed Iraq war vet with two pit bulls at the highway underpass down the road from church.
It's possible, then, to read the lingering significance of “Good Samaritan Jesus” for the religiously unaffiliated as a yearning for a more ethically engaged, prophetic Christianity.
It does seem to be the case that some of the largest and most vibrant Christian congregations are those with a pointedly prophetic self-representation. Take the Mars Hill nondenominational industrial complex, for instance, with its booming call to conservative hipster masculinist Christianity; or, in a much more progressive vein, All Saints Church, Pasadena, with its sustained advocacy for LGBT inclusion and interreligious engagement.
Even the recently launched Sunday Assembly—“a global movement of wonder and good,” according to its website—offers a call to community and service to atheists, humanists, and others among the religiously unaffiliated.
Do Nones of a more spiritual leaning hunger for participation in religious and/or spiritual institutions that more boldly call for the sorts of practices Good Samaritan Jesus represents? Perhaps some do, but largely, not so much. Or, at least not in the ways religious organizations and religion researchers typically understand participation in religious institutions, in terms of sustained, exclusive affiliation on the model of voluntary membership. Thus, when Pew researchers asked Nones if they were “looking for a religion that would be right for you,” a commanding majority—88%—said, “thanks, but no thanks.”
My qualitative research with Nones, however, cautions me not to read this demographic data as an indication that they are necessarily anti-institutional. Indeed, some twenty percent were at least somewhat active in traditional religious communities. But the plural here—communities—is important. Many Nones in my study, that is, reported participating on a regular basis in more than one community they identified as spiritual or religious, perhaps taking in a Taizé service at a local church on Saturday evening, practicing yoga a few times a week, and sitting with a meditation group from time to time.
Any enduring attractiveness of Good Samaritan Jesus, then, does not translate into a desire for exclusive Christian affiliation. Indeed, the appeal of Good Samaritan Noneness over Golden Rule Christianity may have much to do with the fact that it is not understood as a universal ethic centered in an exclusive (even if welcoming) community, but as a multiversal one—as an ethic for a pluralistic postmodernity much defined by encounters with wide varieties of ethnic, racial, national, gendered, and religious others.
In this cosmopolitan spiritual landscape, Jesus is just alright with Nones—othered as they are by choice or circumstance from traditional religions—to the extent that they are seen as a particularly exemplary inhabitant of the “many dwelling places” in a diverse cosmic household rather than as the keeper of the “narrow gate.”
The appeal of Jesus to Nones may also have to do with the practical, material enactment of their ministry—his willingness to walk across religious and other social boundaries, through the lives of ordinary people, attending to their suffering, healing their afflictions, welcoming them into relationship—over against the credal or doctrinal expressions of Christianity that have largely characterized the tradition since the Reformation.
“I honestly couldn't tell you what it means to be ‘saved in Jesus,' or ‘baptized in the Holy Spirit,'” a former Evangelical None from Missouri told me.
Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Fla., departs after a full-Senate briefing by Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein at the Capitol in Washington, D.C., on May 18, 2017. (Photo: Jonathan Ernst/Reuters)
President Trump denounced the federal investigation into Russia's interference with last year's presidential election as a massive “witch hunt,” but former rival Marco Rubio disagrees with that assessment.
In an appearance on CNN's “State of the Union” Sunday morning, Sen. Rubio, R-Fla., said the “cloud” of the Russia investigation is “affecting everything else” in Washington politics. They said it's in the best interests of the U.S. for the Senate Intelligence Committee to produce a report based on fact that's above reproach so that the country can finally move on.
“Well, I wouldn't use the term ‘witch hunt.' Look, these issues are being raised in the press. OK — people are going to the press who appear to be in the know, or at least pretend to be in the know. They leak information. The press reports on it. These questions need to be answered,” Rubio said.
The show's host, journalist Jake Tapper, asked Rubio whether the “growing body of evidence” reported in the press over the past week is enough to convince them that the president tried to obstruct justice.
“We don't know yet. No. 1: I haven't seen those notes. No. 2: We have yet to take the testimony from Director Comey,” Rubio said.
Former FBI Director James Comey, abruptly fired by Trump this month, has agreed to testify before the Senate Intelligence Committee in an open session after Memorial Day. Congress and the FBI have launched investigations into Russia's meddling in last year's election.
Rubio acknowledged the gravity of media reports alleging unethical conduct by Trump, but said they do not want to prejudge the situation before getting all the facts. They said the credibility of the Senate Intelligence Committee's investigation is predicated on of every single one of its members pursuing the truth without any preconceived notions.
“I've told everybody: I want to know the truth. I want to know the entire truth. I want us to put it in a report. And I want it to share it with you and the whole country, so people can reach their own conclusion,” Rubio said.
Rubio, who ran against Trump in the 2016 GOP primary and works on the foreign relations and intelligence committees, said they plan to ask Comey about the memo they reportedly wrote after a meeting with Trump. According to memo, as reported by the New York Times, Trump had urged Comey to drop an investigation into former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn, who the president fired for misleading the administration about their contacts with the Russian ambassador. (Yahoo News reported last week that Trump urged Flynn to “stay strong” after firing him.)
“Did they keep these memos? What did those memos say? And why did they write it? And how did they feel? Did they ever feel like they were being put in a position where they couldn't do their job?” Rubio said. “There's no doubt that those are the questions that are going to be asked, and asked repeatedly. And the American people deserve to have an answer to that.”
On Wednesday, former FBI Director Robert Mueller was appointed special counsel to investigate possible collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia. The following morning, Trump — who has a taste for hyperbole — tweeted, “This is the single greatest witch hunt of a politician in American history!” They also said that the media treats them more unfairly than any other politician in history.
Rubio said that if any president tries to impede a federal investigation, it wouldn't simply be problematic, but could amount to an “obstruction of justice.”
Read more from Yahoo News:
The Environmental Protection Agency recommends reverse osmosis water treatment to remove radioactive isotopes that emit beta-particle radiation. But iodine-131, a beta emitter, is typically present in water as a dissolved gas, and reverse osmosis is known to be ineffective at capturing gases.
A combination of technologies, however, may remove most or all of the iodine-131 that finds its way into tap water, all available in consumer products for home water treatment.
First, the standard disclaimers: Every government agency involved in radiation monitoring—the EPA, FDA, USDA, NRC, CDC, etc.—has stressed that the radiation now reaching the United States has been found at levels thousands of times lower than standards of health concern. When it found iodine-131 in drinking water samples from Boise, Idaho and Richland, Washington this weekend, the EPA declared:
An infant would have to drink almost 7,000 liters of this water to receive a radiation dose equivalent to a day's worth of the natural background radiation exposure we experience continuously from natural sources of radioactivity in our environment."
But not everyone accepts the government's reassurances. Notably, Physicians for Social Responsibility has insisted there is no safe level of exposure to radionuclides, regardless of the fact that we encounter them naturally:
There is no safe level of radionuclide exposure, whether from food, water or other sources. Period,” said Jeff Patterson, DO, immediate past president of Physicians for Social Responsibility. “Exposure to radionuclides, such as iodine-131 and cesium-137, increases the incidence of cancer. For this reason, every effort must be taken to minimize the radionuclide content in food and water.” via Physicians for Social Responsibility, psr.org
No matter where you stand on that debate, you might be someone who simply prefers not to ingest anything that escaped from a damaged nuclear reactor. If so, here's what we know:
Reverse Osmosis
The EPA recommends reverse osmosis water treatment for most kinds of radioactive particles. Iodine-131 emits a small amount of gamma radiation but much larger amounts of beta radiation, and so is considered a beta emitter:
Reverse osmosis has been identified by EPA as a "best available technology" (BAT) and Small System Compliance Technology (SSCT) for uranium, radium, gross alpha, and beta particles and photon emitters. It can remove up to 99 percent of these radionuclides, as well as many other contaminants (e.g., arsenic, nitrate, and microbial contaminants). Reverse osmosis units can be automated and compact making them appropriate for small systems. via EPA, Radionuclides in Drinking Water
However, EPA designed its recommendations for the contaminants typically found in municipal water systems, so it doesn't specify Iodine-131 by name. The same document goes on to say, "Reverse osmosis does not remove gaseous contaminants such as carbon dioxide and radon."
This is what happened in Boise, Idaho, where iodine-131 was found in rainwater samples last week and then in drinking water samples a few days later.
Reverse osmosis works by forcing water through material with very tiny pores—as tiny as .0001 microns—so that almost nothing except water emerges on the other side. Almost nothing.
"Dissolved gases and materials that readily turn into gases also can easily pass through most reverse osmosis membranes," according to the University of Nevada Cooperative Extension. For this reason, "many reverse osmosis units have an activated carbon unit to remove or reduce the concentration of most organic compounds."
Activated Carbon
That raises the next question: does activate carbon remove iodine-131? There is some evidence that it does. Scientists have used activated carbon to remove iodine-131 from the liquid fuel for nuclear solution reactors. And Carbon air filtration is used by employees of Perkin Elmer, a leading environmental monitoring and health safety firm, when they work with iodine-131 in closed quarters. At least one university has adopted Perkin Elmer's procedures.
Activated carbon works by absorbing contaminants, and fixing them, as water passes through it. It has a disadvantage, however: it eventually reaches a load capacity and ceases to absorb new contaminants.
Ion Exchange
The EPA also recommends ion exchange for removing radioactive compounds from drinking water. The process used in water softeners, ion exchange removes contaminants when water passes through resins that contain sodium ions. The sodium ions readily exchange with contaminants.
Ion exchange is particularly recommended for removing Cesium-137, which has been found in rain samples in the U.S., but not yet in drinking water here. Some resins have been specifically designed for capturing Cesium-137, and ion exchange was used to clean up legacy nuclear waste from an old reactor at the Department of Energy's Savannah River Site (pdf).
Triple Threat
The best solution may be the one used routinely to treat water at the Savannah River Site. The process combines activated carbon, reverse osmosis, and ion exchange. If one doesn't get the iodine-131, two others have a chance to capture the radiation through other means.
And that may be the best solution for the average drinker of tap water as well.
[Disclosure: I have a brother who sells air and water purification equipment. I have no personal investment or involvement in their enterprise or any similar business.]
Vegetable Contamination
Once you have access to cleaned water, be sure to use it to wash your vegetables. The FDA has not yet begun monitoring U.S. produce for radiation because, the agency says, there is not yet a radiation threat here. The Chinese have been monitoring vegetables, and they've urged their citizens to wash their spinach:
The Ministry of Health also issued a statement Wednesday evening saying trace levels of radioactive isotope iodine-131 had been found in spinach planted in the open fields within the three regions. It is having been proven that washing the spinach with water can effectively remove radioactive materials, the Health Ministry said. It is believed that recent rains in these regions helped drop the radioactive iodine from the air to the ground, and the radioactive materials fell onto the surface of the spinach, the ministry said." via Xinhua
There may be readers who have other insights into removing iodine-131, cesium-137, or other radionuclides from drinking water. If so, please share them in comments.
Related Posts:
KATUSA training academy
Korean Augmentation To the United States Army (KATUSA[1] Korean: 카투사) is a branch of the Republic of Korea Army that consists of Korean drafted personnel who are augmented to the Eighth United States Army (EUSA). KATUSA does not form an individual military unit, instead small numbers of KATUSA members are dispatched throughout the most of the Eighth United States Army departments, filling in positions for the United States Army enlisted soldiers and junior non-commissioned officers. KATUSAs are drafted from pool of qualified volunteers who are subjected to mandatory military service for Korean male citizens. While ROK Army holds the responsibility for personnel management of KATUSAs, KATUSA members are equipped with standard United States Army issues, and live and work with the U.S. enlisted soldiers. This kind of augmentation is unique throughout the entire United States Army worldwide, because KATUSA program was developed during Korean War as a temporary measure to cope with a shortage of personnel in the United States Army.
Purpose [ edit ]
The KATUSA program provides the U.S. military with Korean-speaking soldiers, allowing greater military functionality and maneuverability throughout the Korean peninsula. KATUSA soldiers are assigned to each Eighth United States Army units with their Military Occupational Specialty like the United States Army soldiers and do the part of their MOS. On top of that KATUSA soldiers serve as translators between the local populace and the U.S. Army, and help the U.S. maneuver in unfamiliar terrain. Informally, they help U.S. soldiers new to the peninsula understand Korean customs and a bit of the language. It saves the U.S. money and manpower, and symbolizes the two nations' friendship and mutual support. The KATUSA program remains essential for the safety of the Republic of Korea, not only for establishing partnerships with American Armed Forces, but to learn from each other and to assist each other, especially with the threat of North Korea looming over South Korea. According to Richard Weiz (2013), author of "An Enduring Partnership: South Korea and the United States", The North Korean threat continues to provide the fundamental basis for the ROK-U.S. security relationship…The most recent period of tensions flared up after the North's long-range rocket launch in December 2012 and underground nuclear test in February 2013" (Pg. 310).[2] Providing valuable information on the peninsula as well as translations, KATUSA soldiers carry out their MOS effectively, allowing for a future of more foreign cooperation with America. Nirav Patel and Lindsey Ford (2009), authors of "The future of the U.S.-ROK alliance: global perspectives" go on to state that "The alliance between the United States and the Republic of Korea (ROK) has been a key component of America's bilateral alliance system in Asia for almost 60 years. South Korea has been a close friend and valued partner during difficult circumstances, even when personal relations between U.S. and ROK leaders were at a low ebb"[3][4]
History [ edit ]
The KATUSA system was established in July 1950 during the Korean War. It was started as a spoken agreement between President Seungman Lee and U.S. General Douglas MacArthur. At that time, the U.S. Army needed a military force that had the proper knowledge of the geography of Korea, and the abilities to distinguish ally troops (South Korea) from enemy troops (North Korea) and communicate better between U.S. soldiers and Korean soldiers. Therefore, some were drafted to KATUSA by force, and others voluntarily (by their own choice) applied . After training, they were divided into the U.S. military, such as 2nd, 7th, 24th, 25th divisions. During the Korean Wars, a total 43,660 KATUSA soldiers fought for South Korea with U.S. forces. Of these soldiers, 11,365 went missing or were killed in action. This program continued after the Korean War, and KATUSA soldiers would spend 18-months with the U.S. Army learning their occupation and would then return to the ROK Army for training others on the occupation. According to the Eighth Army Wightman NCO Academy, "With the establishment of the ROKA Training Center in 1963…KATUSA soldiers began to spend their whole military tour in the U.S. Army"[5]
KATUSA Code of Conduct [ edit ]
“ As a member of the Republic of Korea Army augmented to the Eighth United States Army, I will sacrifice myself to defend my country and their principles. I vow to abide by the following Code of Conduct for unification and honour of my country: I do my best to accomplish given duties with a high spirit of a soldier to become a role model of the ROKA soldiers. I abide by regulations and reinforce the combined combat power with positive and active working attitude. I take pride in myself as a military ambassador and affirmatively encourage the mutual relations between the two armies. ”
[6]
Selection process [ edit ]
To become a KATUSA, eligible Korean draftees who've demonstrated a minimum level of English-language proficiency by achieving minimum passing scores on standardized tests of English (TOEFL and TEPS), may apply through the Military Manpower Administration(MMA), upon which their name is entered into a lottery system. Typically, the minimum scores for getting into the lottery are 780 and over for TOEIC and 690 and over for TEPS. As the selection process is completely random, all eligible candidates have an equal chance of winning. Applicants may only apply once.
Qualified Korean draftees who demonstrate a high level of English fluency and aptitude via a standardized written exam (usually the TOEIC) may apply for a KATUSA slot. Conscripts with qualifying test scores are selected on a random basis via lottery by the Korean government. Once selected, KATUSAs must complete six-weeks of ROK Army basic training. A brief orientation and OJT is conducted by the U.S. Army before they begin their full-time duty with a United States Army unit garrisoned in Korea for the duration of their military service.
The number of candidates vying for an available opening is extremely high because many soldiers believe that the U.S. Army is less abusive and more professional in its training and treatment of soldiers compared with the ROK Army, and that junior enlisted personnel receive better treatment, have more educational opportunities (especially with regards to learning English), experience a higher standard of living, and have an overall better quality of life than their ROK counterparts. In 2012, roughly 3,400 KATUSA soldiers served with 25,000 United States Forces Korea (USFK), versus 4,800 in 2005 and 11,000 in 1968.[7] As the number of U.S. soldiers in South Korea decreases, the number of KATUSA soldiers is decreasing as well. The ratio of KATUSA soldiers to U.S. soldiers is roughly 1:10.
U.S. Air Force [ edit ]
While many Republics of Korea Air Force members in Korea work alongside U.S. Air Force members, there is no KATUSA program with the USAF counterpart; ROKAF retains their own unit and command structure separate from their USAF counterparts.
Criticism [ edit ]
Because KATUSA program was built as a temporary measure during mid-war and stayed in that way, there has been no legal legitimation for the program in Korean law system to this date. The oral agreement between General MacArthur and President Rhee on conscripting Korean civilians for the U.S. Forces was never documented. Only the memorandum of assigning operational command of ROK Army to General MacArthur by President Rhee, known as Pusan Letter, is considered as an only justification for KATUSA program in South Korea. EUSA designates the state of KATUSA program in Army in Korea Regulation 600-2.[8]
Since KATUSA soldiers do not undergo special education for their MOS before their deployment and their mission trainings heavily rely on OJT from senior to junior KATUSAs, new KATUSAs usually take a few months of incubatory period before they can fully perform.
One criticism of the KATUSA program arises from the difference in promotion systems; the ROK Army promotes its enlistees on a quota/time basis and not through the merit system. A KATUSA soldier may be senior in rank to an American counterpart with significantly more field experience. However, this criticism is usually rebutted by the counter-argument from the United States Forces Korea that such promotion of KATUSA soldiers is sufficiently warranted given the fact that KATUSA soldiers usually possess at least two years of college experience, which would translate to an advanced enlisted rank for US soldiers.
Another criticism arising from the Korean Army side is based on the fact that most of the KATUSA soldiers are from the top universities in Korea. For the ROKA, this means that they are losing intelligent soldiers to the US Army. To minimize this, the selection process now randomly picks soldiers from the pool of applicants, instead of hiring the most qualified soldiers.
The selection process requires applicants to submit their English proficiency test scores as a mandatory document, and driver's license and computer software proficiency test scores such as Microsoft certificates to quality applicants who are eligible to be drivers or administrators. These measures were introduced to diversify the pool of applicants throughout Korean Army soldiers, but a lot of intelligent soldiers still enlist as a KATUSA for superior facilities and treatments. Holistic and random approach is used to quality candidates into different units, and this variety of exam results seem to affect significantly into which positions each applicant is located.
Some of the recent criticisms from the South Korean side include alleged forced-recruitment during the 1950-53 Korean War, when the 7th Infantry Division commandeered reinforcements for the landing at Incheon. These so-called "First KATUSA soldiers" included 313 men from Busan. (The South Korean side claims they were taken from refugee camps, but whether they volunteered or were coerced remains a matter of dispute.)
The KATUSA System was created in the 1950s during the Korean War in accordance with an informal oral agreement between President Seung Man and MacArthur Far East United Nations Commanders, but there is no legal basis for the system.[9]
See also [ edit ]
KATCOM, a similar system operating in the 1st Commonwealth Division.
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
A man accused of keeping their HIV status from sex partners is facing nine new charges, and police believe there may be more potential victims.
Mounties in Mission, B.C. were first made aware of Brian Carlisle in July, when they recieved a report that a man had been having unprotected sex without disclosing that they are HIV-positive.
Carslile, a 48-year-old Abbotsford resident, was charged the following month with three counts of aggravated sexual assault. While the charges have not been proven in court, police made the rare decision to release their HIV status because of the potential that others may have contracted the virus.
The decision was made after careful consideration, Mounties said, and because they felt "the public interest clearly outweighs the invasion of Mr. Carlisle's privacy."
A number of new complaints came forward following the announcement of the charges, Mission RCMP said Thursday. As a result, Carlisle is now facing an additional nine charges of aggravated sexual assault.
The investigation is ongoing, and police said they are concerned there may be additional potential victims who are not yet aware of the potential change in their HIV status.
Anyone concerned they may have HIV is encouraged to visit their doctor for appropriate testing, and those with more information on the case are asked to contact a dedicated tip line at 604-814-1644. Tips can also be left anonymously at 1-888-222-8477 (TIPS).
Carlisle is Caucasian, weighs about 220 pounds and is 6-foot-2. They have blue eyes and short brown hair.
The offences are alleged to have occurred in several cities in B.C.'s Lower Mainland, including Mission, Abbotsford, Coquitlam and Burnaby, but Carlisle has been known to live outside the province. They have spent time in Ontario, Manitoba, New Brunswick and Vermont.
They have an online presence on several social media and dating sites, police said previously. Carlisle has been ordered by the court to stay away from online dating sites, including Plenty of Fish, pending their trial.
He's posted several videos on a YouTube account, including one that shows a forceful argument they made during a project for a criminology class in 2012 at the University of the Fraser Valley: that people with HIV should not have to disclose their disease to sexual partners.
They argued that because medical treatment has progressed to the point that someone live with HIV may have their or their viral load suppressed to the point they are not contagious, it's time to change the law.
Carlisle infected their wife with the disease 15 years ago, court records say. The records stem from a lawsuit they filed against their doctors for failing to diagnose him.
He's spoken publicly about their HIV status in media interviews during their years as a marijuana advocate and during a failed run for mayor of Chilliwack. They also ran for school trustee in that city, and for city council in Hope.
With files from CTV Vancouver's Jon Woodward
Image copyright Gerry Fletcher
Two stabbings in the US have been linked to the fantasy horror character Slender Man. Who is he?
The Know Your Meme site defines Slender Man, or Slenderman, as "a mythical creature often depicted as a tall, thin figure wearing a black suit and a blank face". In the mythology "he can stretch or shorten their arms at will and has tentacle-like appendages protruding from theirs back".
Representations of Slender Man can be seen in many guises. On the Etsy craft sales website, there are key rings, bracelets and stuffed toys. On Flickr and Instagram, you can see everything from Slender Man fancy dress to Lego tableaux. Hundreds of thousands click on YouTube videos based on the character. They crop up on blogs in graphic art and fan fiction.
Every depiction riffs on the central characteristic of the black suit and blank face. And the thinness.
The Slender Man meme began in June 2009 when a competition on the comedy web forum Something Awful asked for ideas for a modern myth with which to terrify people. One contributor, Eric Knudsen, using the pseudonym Victor Surge, responded by posting two faked photographs, purportedly from the mid-1980s, showing a tall, sinister figure lurking behind groups of children. Knudsen attached some vague text suggesting 14 young people and the photographer had gone missing.
Image copyright Something Awful
From the very beginning it was intended to be a meme - in the original sense of a replicating idea. Knudsen's fragmented post prompted a creative outburst. Eventually thousands of people were making drawings and writing stories. Slender Man has appeared in video games, while Marble Hornets, the YouTube series featuring stories about him, is followed by more than half a million people. One academic has described their development as an "open-sourcing of storytelling".
"It just exploded. It became a phenomenon that I don't think anybody could have predicted," says Jeff Tolbert, a folklorist from Indiana University, who has written about Slender Man.
Image copyright Billbobful/flickr
Image copyright Bricknave/Flickr
The character almost seems to be an amalgam of knowing winks to both internet and pre-internet culture. Like folk villains over the centuries, from the Big Bad Wolf to the Headless Horseman, Slender Man is often depicted standing in the woods. Their tentacles conjure up fleeting hints of HP Lovecraft's world of interdimensional monsters in ordinary settings. The black suit nods at the Matrix villains, Jack Skellington from The Nightmare Before Christmas, and even the Hitman video game series. But all those could of course be coincidental.
Fans of the character can hold strong views about the way it should be used. "There were a few instances where someone would try to take Slender Man in a different direction," says Tolbert. "One came up with a story of a military group trying to track him. Other users didn't like that idea. It was too obvious. It lacked subtlety. It was more like an X-Files story than a proper myth. There is a sort of consensus about Slender Man. People collectively take on some bits and reject others."
Many of the fan stories have ended up on the Creepypasta website, where paranormal stories are shared, delivered as if they are true, rather in the fashion of campfire tales.
But mainstream media attention for the phenomenon has been scant up until now. There was a brief spike of interest in the summer of 2012, according to Google Trends, possibly related to a video game. But the latest flurry of stories centres on a number of alleged violent crimes with links to the character.
What is Cthulhu?
Image copyright zallacherie/flickr
Fantasy creature invented by US horror writer HP Lovecraft (1890-1937), Cthulhu is an ancient creature, who "waits dreaming" under the sea: "A pulpy, tentacled head surmounted a grotesque and scaly body with rudimentary wings"
First appeared in book The Call of Cthulhu: "It lumbered slobberingly into sight and gropingly squeezed Its gelatinous green immensity through the black doorway... After vigintillions of years great Cthulhu was loose again, and ravening for delight."
Spread through popular culture after Lovecraft's death, now seen in fan fiction, sundry internet memes and even crafts (above).
HP Lovecraft: The man who haunted horror fans
It was reported last week that two 12-year-old girls in Wisconsin had allegedly stabbed their friend 19 times in an effort to show their dedication to Slender Man. They apparently learned about the character on Creepypasta. Meanwhile, a mother who was stabbed by their daughter in a second incident in Ohio has also blamed an obsession with Slender Man.
Creator Eric Knudsen has already said they are "deeply saddened" by what happened in Wisconsin. The operator of Creepypasta issued a statement, extending condolences to the families involved but adding it was not "the fault of Slenderman or horror writing in general that this happened".
"The fact that Slender Man is being mentioned in connection with a real-world act of violence is troubling but the exact significance isn't going to be known for a while," says Tolbert.
Fakelore v folklore
Image copyright Getty Images
Genuine folklore is said to develop organically from stories passed about by ordinary people, such as the sightings of Spring-Heeled Jack - a leaping, caped monster said to have terrorised Victorian England
In 1838, The Times reported that Spring-Heeled Jack had appeared in Brighton "in the shape of a bear or some other four-footed animal" and chased a gardener
Slender Man is sometimes cited as an example of fakelore, a story spuriously created as if based on a genuine tradition
Critics say fakelore is exploitative and inferior to folklore, but defenders say the best of it is based on longstanding traditions and worthwhile in its own right
"Slender Man is definitely not the problem. Clearly there are people who are trying to blame this figure. It's becoming a moral panic, with people suggesting Slender Man is inspiring people to murder. It's definitely a mistake to target Slender Man or any of these creations. It's important for all of us to be aware of what children are doing and try to provide a context for interpretation."
But it's perhaps easy to see why parents might be concerned. The rapid permeation of the meme, and the fundamentally innocuous nature of it, are not immediately apparent. "It goes back to the adult fear of not being in control of what your children are doing or creating," says Tom McKean, a folklore research fellow at Aberdeen University. "We have this fear of the unknown, that we don't know where our children are, that they are vulnerable."
McKean likens Slender Man to an urban myth about an unknown person who goes around daubing people's garden gates with red paint and returns to steal their children, pets or even household appliances. Yet unlike most such tales, developed and adapted over long periods, the origins of Slender Man are absolutely clear and very recent.
The character's very design, with its inscrutable blank face, was explicitly designed with a vagueness associated with stories of the past, like the universal bogeyman, blamed for mischief of all sorts.
With massive mainstream media attention, the way the meme is used could change rapidly. It is no longer just a thing of forums and blogs. "What Slender Man shows is the amazing speed and power of the internet to spread the stories," says Trevor Blank, assistant professor of communications at the State University of New York at Potsdam.
"The awful events in recent days may see interest in Slender Man decline or it may continue in a different way, depending on how contributors and fans react. But one thing is for sure - there will be other stories. Folklore doesn't die."
Image copyright Dave Dick Illustration
Subscribe to the BBC News Magazine's email newsletter to get articles sent to your inbox.
With the UNFCCC Paris summit fast approaching, India has finally submitted its post—2020 Intended Nationally Determined Contributions (INDCs) target towards climate change mitigation. Accordingly, it has promised to lower the emission intensity of GDP by 33—35% from 2005 levels in 2030. Simply put, India has committed to lowering its greenhouse gas emission per unit of economic activity. This is expected to cost $2.5 trillion over the next 15 years and India expects to receive both financial and technological help from developed countries to meet its self—imposed goal.
That said, the goal set by government is in the right direction. The emission intensity reduction target is achievable as India has been making steady progress towards a low—carbon growth path. Between 2005 and 2010, emission intensity of GDP declined by 12% on account of improvements in technology and legal changes brought about to raise emission standards across all areas. This trend is set to continue with Indian cities expected to shift in steps to cleaner fuel over the next few years.
Of course, it's important for future governments to stick to this path and not give in to populist demands. Plus, combating climate change through the energy efficiency route would require India to not deviate from its plan of generating 40% of electricity (installed capacity) through non—fossil fuel sources. Government intends to dramatically ramp up nuclear, wind and solar capacity with the latter, in particular, increasing from 4GW to 100GW over the next seven years.
However, challenges abound. While nuclear power is bogged down by liability laws, wind and solar power generation is intermittent and presents transmission and storage problems. For these to be ramped up huge investments are required in smart grids and integrated transmission networks. This is where foreign aid in the form of soft loans and technology transfers comes in. Developed countries have a historical responsibility to vacate carbon space and help developing countries like India meet emission mitigation targets without compromising on their development needs. Besides, India's per capita emission continues to be far lower than the developed world and industrialised middle income nations such as China. In this scenario India's INDCs are fair and ambitious, allowing New Delhi to play a pivotal role in climate change mitigation while ensuring a decent standard of living for its citizens.
Three men, including two migrants from Afghanistan, have been arrested over the alleged three-hour gang rape of a woman in Uppsala, Sweden, that was broadcast on Facebook Live.
Trace Gallagher reported on "The First 100 Days" that police received several calls Sunday morning from people who claimed to be watching a Facebook Live stream of two men sexually assaulting a woman who appeared to be unconscious or intoxicated.
When police arrived, they found three men, including two, aged 18 and 20, who are both from Afghanistan, and a third man, aged, 24, who is a Swedish citizen, according to a Swedish newspaper.
Miami-Dade Mayor Ends 'Sanctuary' Status, Will Comply With Trump's Immigration Plan
O'Reilly: Sanctuary Cities 'Promote Anarchy' & Trump Should Cut Their Funding
"The nationalities of the accused are controversial because Sweden, like Germany and other European countries, is having a fierce debate over immigrants and refugees," Gallagher reported.
They noted that this is the second alleged rape involving Afghan immigrants in Sweden in three months.
Gallagher reported that this Facebook Live case may be difficult to prosecute if there are no recordings of the live stream.
Watch Gallagher's report above, and share your thoughts in the comments section.
Trump Chief Strategist Steve Bannon: Media Should 'Keep Its Mouth Shut'
Trump Expected to Ban Syrian Refugees Indefinitely in New Exec. Orders
This 'Bad Lip Reading' of Trump's Inauguration Is Absolutely Hilarious
Sentencing guidelines; definition of violent felony. Adds to the list of violent felonies: killing of a fetus, criminal street gang recruitment using force, strangulation of another, assault and battery when it is a hate crime, felony violation of a protective order, felony infected sexual battery, manufacture bombs, willfully discharging a firearm in a public place resulting in bodily injury, brandishing a machete or other bladed weapon near a school, wearing body armor while committing certain crimes, display of grooming video to child, cross burning, burning object with intent to intimidate, placing a swastika with intent to intimidate, displaying noose with intent to intimidate, treason, escape of sexually violent predator, and unauthorized dissemination of fusion center information resulting in death or serious bodily injury. When an offense falls under the definition of violent felony, sentencing ranges are increased, punishment is statutorily enhanced for certain other offenses, eligibility for participation in a drug treatment court is restricted, there is a presumption against bail for persons illegally present in the United States, the definition of victim for the purpose of compensation of crime victims by the Criminal Injuries Compensation Fund is expanded, registration of tow truck drivers is prohibited, and restoration of voting rights is limited. This bill is identical to SB 1214.
Full text:
VCDL Comments
When it comes to holiday gifts, the easiest kind of people to shop for are geeks, especially the ones who wear their geekdom on their sleeves. If despite this easiness you're ever at a loss as to what to buy for a geek, you can't go wrong with that old standby—the geeky tee shirt.
Chicago-based clothing company RIPT Apparel is known within geek circles for having some of the coolest t-shirts and hoodie designs around. They also have a unique selling model: every 24 hours three new designs go up on the site and remain on sale for only those 24 hours. Once time is up, those designs go into the “Graveyard” where they remain indefinitely except for the occasional promotional event when they once again become available (briefly) for purchase.
This year, geeks and the Xmas shoppers who love them are in luck because RIPT is having a special holiday sale. From now until Dec. 31, a smorgasbord of desirable goodies from RIPT's Graveyard will rise from the dead for a few short weeks. If you already know about RIPT and regret missing out on a particular design from earlier this year, this is your chance to right that wrong. On top of that, all t-shirts that are part of this sale are going for $15 instead of the usual RIPT price of $16. Most designs are available in both men's and women's. You can also have a random design sent to you for just $8. And if you're just not sure which design the geek in your life will love best, gift cards are also available and are a good option as well since the sale goes on until Dec. 31.
Domestic orders placed by Dec. 14 will arrive by Dec. 24 in time for you to put under the tree.
O Come, All Ye Faithful and let's take a look at some of our favorite designs:
DARK SIDE OF… THAT'S NO MOON!
Too, too cool. The simplest designs are often the best, and even non-Pink Floyd fans will be able to appreciate the wit in this one.
IRON FETT
The only thing better than Star Wars is Star Wars and Marvel together! This design combines two of everyone's favorite Disney properties.
STARRY WARS
Sometimes you don't want your mashup references to be too easy to recognize. Sometimes you want people's eyes to linger a moment before they realize what they're looking at. While Van Gogh might not approve of this shirt, the art-loving Star Wars fan in your life will.
ENTER THE DEFENDERS
Trust us. When Netflix gets around to rolling out the Iron Fist, Luke Cage and Defenders shows (yes, it looks like the Iron Fist show's going to happen), anyone who owns this shirt will be the envy of everyone. We have a direct hotline to the ghost of Bruce Lee, by the way, and they say they dig it too.
THE EVIL DEAD – ISSUE #1
The Evil Dead. The Walking Dead. Two of the biggest “dead” franchises on television right now. Only true Walking Dead fans will spot the reference for this one, though, as it plays off the cover of the first Walking Dead comic book. Groovy.
SARLAAC OF DARKNESS
At RIPT you can find just about any pop culture franchise mashed with Star Wars. And since we were just talking about Evil Dead, here's a good example.
WE CAN DO IT! (FURIOUSLY)
Mad Max: Fury Road was one of the biggest movies of 2015, and Furiosa quickly became one of the most phenomenally popular sci-fi characters of all time. This one plays off the famous WWII propaganda poster by J. Howard Miller that later became appropriated in the 80s as a feminist graphic.
FURY MAIDEN – THE DOOFER
Okay, Furiosa was great but we all know the best character of Fury Road was not her, not Max, the Vuvalini biker gang, or Immortan Joe. It was without a doubt the Doof Warrior, also known as “that guitar flamethrower guy.” Doof Warrior + Iron Maiden's “The Trooper” = coolness overload.
FORCE ROAD
Going from the Doof Warrior and bringing it back to Star Wars again, the Force is strong with this one.
SPRINGFIELD COMICS
If by this point you've guessed that we like Star Wars, Marvel, Mad Max and Evil Dead, you'd be right. But in the end all roads lead to Springfield, and this parody of Action Comics #1 is another must-have.
So there you have it. Our favorites from RIPT's holiday offerings. There's far more than we had room to squeeze in here so be sure to check out these and many other designs at RIPTapparel.com. Merry Geekmas!
If someone we care about is in harm's way, most of us would do anything to protect that person, even if it means hurting an outside party. Now, a new study by researchers from the University at Buffalo, NY, sheds light on why warm feelings for one person can lead to anger toward another.
Researchers find that a feeling of compassion for one person may lead to aggression toward another - a process that may be explained by the hormones oxytocin and vasopressin. Researchers find that a feeling of compassion for one person may lead to aggression toward another - a process that may be explained by the hormones oxytocin and vasopressin.
That compassion can lead to anger certainly seems illogical. But study authors Michael J. Poulin and Annette E. K. Buffone - both of the Department of Psychology at the University at Buffalo - believe it is down to the actions of two hormones: oxytocin and vasopressin.
The team explains how they reached these findings in their two-part study, published in the journal Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin.
The first part of their research required participants to complete a survey, which asked them to provide information about a person they are close to and to report a time when this person was threatened by a third party. Participants were then asked to describe their own emotions when this person was threatened and how they reacted to the situation.
The second part of the study involved an experiment. Firstly, participants were asked to provide a saliva sample, from which the researchers could measure their hormone levels.
The participants were then told a story about an individual they had never met and were informed that this individual was in a nearby room with another stranger. The story that participants were told was designed to evoke compassion for the unknown individual.
Participants were then informed that both of these people in the nearby room would be taking a math test and would be exposed to painful stimulus (in the form of hot sauce) to determine how physical pain affects their performance.
Subjects were told they could choose how much pain was inflicted on the stranger who was competing against the individual they felt compassion for.
'Compassion can predict aggression on behalf of those in need'
According to Poulin, the overall results reveal that "the feelings we broadly call empathic concern, or compassion, can predict aggression on behalf of those in need," adding:
"In situations where we care about someone very much, as humans, we were motivated to benefit them, but if there is someone else in the way, we may do things to harm that third party."
The researchers point out that this reaction may not be a result of a third party doing something wrong. Poulin uses the example of parents of a child taking part in a competition; the parents may do something destructive toward another participant so that their child wins the competition.
The team found that this response may be explained by variations on genes for both oxytocin and vasopressin receptors.
In the experiment, for example, participants who had compassion for the unknown individual in combination with an oxytocin gene receptor variation felt the need to put the third party through more pain. This result was also evident in participants who empathized with the unknown individual's distress and had variation in the vasopressin receptor gene.
The researchers say that this finding makes sense. "Both oxytocin and vasopressin seem to serve a function leading to increased 'approach behaviors,'" explains Poulin.
Oxytocin is often referred to as the "love hormone," as it increases human bonding, while vasopressin has been linked to sexual motivation. As such, the team believes it is not surprising that these hormones may play a role in the association between compassion and aggression.
In April, Medical News Today reported on a study suggesting that oxytocin, despite encouraging bonding, may also cause us to lie in order to help those we care about.
Since Char's Counterattack is only a movie the number of suits utilized in it is somewhat limited, because of this Gundam Weapons: Char's Counterattack Special Edition II tends to focus on showing in-depth WIP's and custom builds
The book starts with a 2 page poster of a modded 1/100 MG Hi Nu Gundam on one side and a Gundam Evolve 5 conversion of the 1/100 MG Nu Gundam.
The first 4 builds use the MG Hi Nu as a base starting off with a basic OOB Hi Nu build. Next we have in-depth looks at a modified Hi Nu which looks just like the original line art and the other a more refined and better proportioned take on the MG Hi Nu. Finally we have a Nu using pieces from the original Nu and the Hi Nu body as a base to make a better proportioned MG Nu Gundam.
The next 3 builds are the last 1/100 kits featured in the book. First we have a Gundam Evolve 5 conversion of the 1/100 MG Nu Gundam, a scratch built novel version of the Nu Gundam, and a modified MG Re-GZ.
Moving on to the HGUC's we start out with a group photo of some of the upcoming builds and a WIP of a pretty incredible Nu Gundam vs Sazabi diorama.
The first of the HGUC's are 5 EFSF suits mostly consisting of Nu Gundam variants. First we have a OOB Nu and HWS Nu. Then a double fin funnel Nu conversion and a heavily modified mass production type Nu. Lastly a OOB Re-GZ with some alternative battle damaged pieces.
The next 7 HGUC's are Neo Zeon kits starting with extra detailed versions of the Sazabi, Jagd Doga (Gyunei Custom), and a Jagd Doga (Quess Custom). The last 4 are all various Geara Doga builds. The first is a OOB build, the second a slightly modded Rezin custom, the third a modded custom conversion, and finally a heavy arms type with a seemly scratch built backpack and weapon.
The final 6 featured kits in the book are all modeled by the same person (Seira Masuo) and while they are all kits shown previously in the book the level of detailing make these last few kits stand out. The kits featured are a Nu, a Re-GZ, a Sazabi, a Jagd Doga, a Char custom conversion of the Jagd Doga, and a Geara Doga.
Like other Gundam Weapons there are tips on how to build and detail kits starting with basic techniques on a HGUC Nu then more advanced techniques on another Nu. From there the techniques get even more advanced as we see how to heavy mod a HGUC Sazabi.
The last few pages finish off the how to section with very basic tips on how to OOB a MG Hi Nu as well as Char's Counterattack line art with notes from the designers left in.
This book really emphasizes quality over quantity as even with OOB builds it gives numerous pages of lush vivid photos.
I initially bought this book because I wanted to modify a Hi Nu into the big bulky version shown in the original line art, the funny thing is that the Hi Nu ver Ka was announced a day later. But considering all the great builds contained in it I don't regret the purchase at all.
SCP-2593
Item #: SCP-2593
Object Class: Safe Euclid
Special Containment Procedures:
Original Containment Procedures Close Original Document SCP-2593 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment chamber, furnished to comfort levels for a non-dangerous humanoid entity. It is to be observed remotely for anomalous behavior. SCP-2593 is not to be allowed to leave the site after delivering its baked goods. Deliveries made by SCP-2593 are to be scanned for anomalous composition, once weekly. All baked goods are to be disposed of.
Revised Containment procedures Close Revision
Due to the nature of SCP-2593, containment shall consist of accepting SCP-2593's daily delivery at 0700 hours each morning, followed by psychological counselling at Administrative Site-217. Staff are encouraged to interact with SCP-2593, and are to report any unusual activity involving SCP-2593 immediately. SCP-2593 is not to be allowed to leave the site after delivering its baked goods. Deliveries made by SCP-2593 are to be scanned for anomalous composition, once weekly. All baked goods are to be disposed of.
Containment Procedures Rev. 3
As SCP-2593 has become hostile to the Foundation, and Foundation personnel, SCP-2593 is to be terminated on sight by security staff. Failure to do so before SCP-2593 will result in SCP-2593 remaining uncontained until the next manifestation event, as SCP-2593 has, invariably since the time of revision, attempted to flee Foundation custody.
In 87% of all successful terminations, SCP-2593 has rematerialized adjacent to Site-217's security perimeter. All other foundation sites are to be placed on high alert.
All delivered baked goods are to be incinerated at first opportunity. At no time are SCP-2593's baked goods to be ingested.
Description: SCP-2593 is an anomalous humanoid entity which appears at a fixed location and time each day, making a delivery of donuts and bagels to Administrative Site-217. SCP-2593 disappears at a fixed point in time later the same day.
SCP-2593 is an anomalous manifestation of James ██████, former owner of a local bakery, Donut Jimmy's Bakery. Donut Jimmy's Bakery was contracted to deliver baked goods daily, for distribution to break rooms throughout the Site.
Foundation records indicate that James ██████ attended the California Institute of Technology and received a PhD in chemistry in ████.
James ██████ was considered for approach by the Foundation for employment, before being screened out due to lack of aptitude in their field. Further records show that multiple applications to various employers were denied due to lack of applicability of their research work, and a general lack of aptitude.
James ██████ opened Donut Jimmy's Bakery with a classmate from their secondary school (George Callaghan) in ████, four years after obtaining their PhD.
SCP-2593 was determined to be anomalous on September 1, ████, when Administrative Site-217 accounts payable found a discrepancy in the food budgets for refreshments, leading to an investigation by Agents Donnelly and McGill. Donut Jimmy's Bakery was observed to have been closed for several days. Local business owners claimed that the bakery had not opened since September 1, ████.
Remote observation of SCP-2593 after it made its daily delivery to Administrative Site-217 showed that SCP-2593 will disappear from view at a distance of .72 KM from the entrance to Administrative Site-217 and will reappear at precisely 0700 hours each day.
Analysis of SCP-2593's delivery confirmed that all food was non-anomalous. Chemical Analysis confirmed them safe for human consumption, however, as they're produced through anomalous means, they are to be disposed of.
SCP-2593 was contained on September 3, followed by an interview about its deliveries. SCP-2593 claimed to have no knowledge of any of the events or effects surrounding SCP-2593 and was placed in a standard humanoid containment chamber. SCP-2593 was extremely distressed and agitated, when informed of the anomalous context surrounding it.
On September 4, ████, SCP-2593 disappeared from its containment cell, and appeared .72 km outside of Administrative Site-217, with the usual quantity of food for delivery each morning. Containment procedures were amended to include an expansion of Site-217's perimeter.
Expansion of Administrative Site-217's perimeter Close Addendum In light of SCP-2593's manifestation each morning outside of the facility, Administrative Site-217's perimeter was expanded to include the area of manifestation. Thus far, SCP-2593 has not changed its manifestation site, and continues to make daily deliveries. Ongoing interviews with SCP-2593 have led to increased agitation, and distress, as each time SCP-2593 is informed of its nature, SCP-2593 claims to remember each other encounter with Foundation staff since containment. As such, at this time, it is recommended that SCP-2593 is not informed of its nature, and remote observation continue, barring any further incident.
First incidence of non-expected baked goods Close Addendum On March 1, ████, SCP-2593's delivery occurred at the expected time, however, the contents of the delivery contained irregularities. All donuts commonly referred to as "jelly filled" were instead filled with peanut butter, consistent with Donut Jimmy's Bakery peanut butter used in other baked goods. All donuts commonly referred to as "Boston Creme" were filled instead with mayonnaise, again consistent with other Donut Jimmy's Bakery baked goods. SCP-2593 was asked about these discrepancies, and was reluctant to answer, asking if the Foundation was requesting a termination of the contract with Donut Jimmy's Bakery. Foundation agents denied this was the case, and SCP-2593 grew more agitated. SCP-2593 disappeared from view in containment at 0700 hours, as per usual.
Attached below are all materials related to the psychological evaluation of SCP-2593
Please Sign up or sign in to vote.
Introduction
Recently Angular team released Angular 2 beta (2.0.0-beta.0) version. Compare to previous alpha versions in this release they perform again many changes but great thing is that now they are confident that most developers can be successful building large applications using Angular 2 .
Background
We can get more articles, recordings for investigate Angular2 with TypeScript. Yet, since we need to utilize Angular2 with VS2015. For this situation the things will be somewhat distinctive, So we will talk about here how to setup Angular 2.0 in Visual Studio and compose an exceptionally fundamental example application.
Source code
https://www.dropbox.com/s/2tg4rte0vmjnmnz/Angular2Demo.zip?dl=0
Using the code
For implementation we just need to follow steps.
Step 1 – Create a VS (Visual Studio) ASP.NET Web Application
Open Visual Studio 2015 and create an Empty ASP.NET Web Application by just follow below instructions.
File --> New --> Project --> Web --> select a ASP.NET Web Application template. --> OK --> choose ASP.NET 5 Preview template(Empty)
Now, the solution explorer looks like this.
Now open project.json file an add below code inside dependencies
" dependencies" : { " Microsoft.AspNet.Server.IIS" : " 1.0.0-beta6" , " Microsoft.AspNet.Server.WebListener" : " 1.0.0-beta6" , " Microsoft.AspNet.StaticFiles" : " 1.0.0-beta6" },
Now open startup.cs file and replace
public void Configure(IApplicationBuilder app) { app.Run(async (context) => { await context.Response.WriteAsync( " Hello World!" ); }); }
With following code
public void Configure(IApplicationBuilder app) { app.UseDefaultFiles(); app.UseStaticFiles(); }
Now right click wwwroot and add new item à client side à select html page and create index.html page.
Open index.html page and write 'Hello' then run your basic .net application.
Step 2 – Add NPM configuration file
As a .Net developer you may be thought that, why we are not using NuGet package?
Answer is here, NuGet is great for server side libraries but when we required client side css and js library then NPM is more rich then Nuget. NPM will provide us client-side runtime assets like jQuery, Bootstrap and AngularJS.
Open application Add new item window then select NPM configuration file by just follow below instructions and leaving the default name 'package.json' as it is.
Now right click on Application name a client side --> add NPM configuration file by name “package.json”.
Now open pakage.json file and replace existing code with following code:
{ " name" : " angular2-quickstart" , " version" : " 1.0.0" , " scripts" : { " tsc" : " tsc" , " tsc:w" : " tsc -w" , " lite" : " lite-server" , " start" : " concurrent \"npm run tsc:w\" \"npm run lite\" " }, " license" : " ISC" , " dependencies" : { " angular2" : " 2.0.0-beta.1" , " systemjs" : " 0.19.6" , " es6-promise" : " ^3.0.2" , " es6-shim" : " ^0.33.3" , " reflect-metadata" : " 0.1.2" , " rxjs" : " 5.0.0-beta.0" , " zone.js" : " 0.5.10" }, " devDependencies" : { " concurrently" : " ^1.0.0" , " lite-server" : " ^1.3.2" , " typescript" : " ^1.7.5" } }
Step 3 – Add TypeScript configuration file
TypeScript is a typed superset of JavaScript that compiles to plain JavaScript and it offers classes, modules, and interfaces to help you build robust components. It also has generics and lambdas.
The one of the main reason for go with TypeScript is that, it is actually from Microsoft, which means the Angular 2 is give more advantage with TypeScript and .Net.
But still you can use classic js with Angular2 but I would prefer TypeScript with Angular2.
Now right click on Application name à client side --> add TypeScript JSON Configuration File by name “tsconfig.json”.
Now open “tsconfig.json” file and replace existing code with following code.
{ " compilerOptions" : { " target" : " es5" , " module" : " commonjs" , " moduleResolution" : " node" , " sourceMap" : true , " emitDecoratorMetadata" : true , " experimentalDecorators" : true , " removeComments" : false , " noImplicitAny" : false , " outDir" : " wwwroot/app/" }, " exclude" : [ " node_modules" ] }
Note: One imperative thing you have to recall is that by defines following instruction we specify js file path. In our case it is required because inside wwwroot files only include in published code.
"outDir": "wwwroot/app/" // this path defines js file path
Step 4 – Add TypeScript files
Now right click on Application name and new folder by name “scripts”.
Then after right click scripts folder à client side --> add TypeScript File by name “app.component.ts”.
Open app.component.ts file and paste following code:
import {Component} from ' angular2/core' ; @Component({ selector: ' my-app' , template : ' <h1>Angular 2 Sample Application</h1>' }) export class AppComponent { }
Note: The above ‘export' statement informed to TypeScript is that this is a module with contain a public class AppComponent and this class is accessible by application other modules.
Now right click scripts folder à client side --> add TypeScript File by name “boot.ts”.
Open boot.ts file and add following code:
import {bootstrap} from ' angular2/platform/browser' import {AppComponent} from ' ./app.component' bootstrap(AppComponent);
Note: The above "import" articulation educated to TypeScript is that by utilizing this code particular component/module can import from determine way.
Step 5 – Include reference files
Open index.html file and paste following code:
< html > < head > < title > Angular 2 Application < /title > <!-- < script src =" https://code.angularjs.org/2.0.0-beta.0/angular2-polyfills.js" > < / script > < script src =" https://code.angularjs.org/tools/system.js" > < / script > < script src =" https://code.angularjs.org/tools/typescript.js" > < / script > < script src =" https://code.angularjs.org/2.0.0-beta.0/Rx.js" > < / script > < script src =" https://code.angularjs.org/2.0.0-beta.0/angular2.dev.js" > < / script > <!-- < script > System.config({ transpiler: ' typescript' , typescriptOptions: { emitDecoratorMetadata: true }, packages: { ' app' : {defaultExtension: ' js' }} }); System. import ( ' app/boot' ) .then( null , console .error.bind( console )); < / script > < /head > <!-- < body > < my-app > Loading... < /my-app > < /body > < /html >
We just completed our first Angular2 sample application with TypeScript and VS2015 :)
Conclusion
In this article, I've given you a look at how Visual Studio and TypeScript will have the capacity to help you for develop Angular 2 application.
Here I am covered only the basic and practical concepts, but if you want to read Angular 2 theory then there are many Angular 2 theory resources available in the community.
What's it like playing an augmented-reality game on the Microsoft HoloLens? Expect it to be a much more physical experience than virtual reality, a HoloLens developer says—and possibly a bit hotter, too.
Microsoft has already unveiled some of the first games and apps arriving on the HoloLens, and the developer edition has begun shipping. While Microsoft didn't allow us to test the HoloLens ourselves, David Dedeine, who oversaw the development of the HoloLens games Young Conker and Fragments for Asobo Studios provided some insight. They say gamers should expect exploration and activity when playing Microsoft's holographic peripheral.
Young Conker, for example, has users essentially leading a smartass squirrel via one's gaze, collecting coins and evading enemies. The HoloLens will scan and construct the level based on the your room you're playing in and the objects inside it. The kicker: With a different room, there's a different layout. In Fragments, a crime investigation game, you're asked to poke around the room, manipulate virtual objects, and talk to virtual characters.
Further reading: Why virtual reality is better than augmented reality for gaming
But like VR, there's a catch. With virtual-reality devices like the Oculus Rift, there's the very real risk of motion sickness or nausea. That diminishes substantially with an AR device, as your eyes can fix on both real-world objects and virtual ones. The downside of AR is that its lack of tether to a PC means you're hauling around a computer on your head—and as with a notebook PC, power and heat management are critical, Dedeine said.
In Young Conker there are even boss battles!
Those concerns don't lessen Dedeine's enthusiasm for AR. In fact, they relish the experience of developing launch apps in such virgin territory. “I say that there is a continent of gaming, and VR is just a new peninsula on that continent,” they said. “AR is an entirely new continent.”
Why this matters: A number of journalists and developers have tried out VR devices like the Oculus Rift and HTC Vive. Far fewer have had a chance to experience the HoloLens up close—and those who have haven't played any games on it. This is the first time any developer has revealed that the thing they're worried most about on the HoloLens is heat—and, as you'll see, it's a concern that affects both comfort and the device's ability to remain up and running.
Your room, underwater: a scene from Asobo's Fragments game for the Microsoft HoloLens.
A look at the games themselves
What's perhaps most surprising about both Young Conker and Fragments is their length: six to seven hours for each, with a great deal of replayability on Conker, thanks to its ability to create different levels from different environments. Conker also includes additional leaderboard challenges where players can compete with one another.
The HoloLens works by “scanning” real-world objects into the virtual space, so the crux of your experience will vary from room to room. At the beginning of Young Conker, for example, the HoloLens will ask the player to launch the scanning process. According to Dedeine, the HoloLens can actually scan in a very large physical area, or “playspace”: 64 square meters, or about 680 square feet, though the number of objects in the scene will probably be taken into account. The smallest playspace is 3 square meters, they said.
Both Conker and Fragments will apparently be playable with just a HoloLens and a large empty space, but the experience becomes much more interesting when real-world obstacles and objects are factored in. Think about it this way: The HTC Vive asks you to basically reserve a 6x6-foot empty space for play. HoloLens encourages you to play within whatever space you're in.
The Microsoft HoloLens needs to “scan” the room with its camera to create the levels for the game.
“All those experiences have been made so you can walk everywhere possible...and there is lots of feedback to let you know whether your playspace is big enough or not, and there is accuracy feedback, too,” Dedeine said. “Because while it might be big enough, [the scan] might not be accurate enough. So we give them accuracy feedback.”
Conker has traditionally been a “platform” series of games, starring a wise-cracking rodent who runs and jumps over various obstacles to move through the game. That mechanic will still hold true in AR, though the “obstacles” will be real-life objects. Gamers will collect items, fight villains, and run around on the tables, walls and possibly even the ceiling—as well as thin air. Players are essentially looking where they want Conker to go, indicated by a small arrow wedge next to their character.
“So obviously you can play the different level, let's say level one, in different rooms, and it will be different, but as soon as you arrive in level 15, it will be a different level than level one—even if it's in the same room,” Dedeine said.
You can get a more visual representation of how Young Conker will play in this video:
Fragments, by contrast, sounds like it will be a much more deliberate experience. In Fragments, you're tasked with investigating a crime, but with a special talent: Your technology allows you to replay the memories of people associated with the crime, so you can piece together the story. You'll need to physically explore your playspace, Dedeine said, and if you try to rush through the game, you'll run into trouble.
Other crime-solving games task the player to poke around a crime scene by clicking and moving a mouse cursor. With the HoloLens, however, it sounds like objects may be physically hidden in the “real world,” so that you'll have to explore. Game characters will actually sit on your couch. Yes, maybe we'll become blase to the experience quickly, but this is something we've never even remotely experienced before.
Here, the Asobo team describes Fragments in more detail:
The HoloLens's chief limitation is not the field of view
Yes, the HoloLens has limited battery life. Yes, the field of view has shrunk from the initial version. Yes, apps are restricted to about 900MB of memory, and holograms appear best at certain distances. Yes,frame rates must be kept high to minimize vertigo. But Dedeine says the real concern is comfort, and especially managing heat.
For one thing, Dedeine cautioned, developers need to remember that the HoloLens' 1.27-poundweight is always on the user's head, pressing a heat-emitting CPU into one's skull. And even if that's not a concern, developers have to remember that the HoloLens will shut down a game if the device exceeds its preset thermal limits.
Microsoft In this slide from Microsoft's HoloLens developer documents, you can see what developers must do to minimize power. The key, according to Microsoft, is keeping the 1-minute moving average (the red line) down below the orange region. If it creeps up, the main foreground app will likely be shut off.
“The most important thing is to really be economical... you would never need to do this with console or PC—it's all about consumption of energy, battery savings,” Dedeine said. “Even more important, it's heat—to not make the whole thing get too hot, as it would be uncomfortable to the user.”
How well Asobo's games minimize battery use is somewhat moot, though: Since the HoloLens battery life is about three hours, it's probably impossible to play through one of the games on a single charge anyway. Dedeine doesn't see that as a problem.
“Even if I believe that HoloLens is much better than VR, because it's much more comfortable—that said, it's something that people are not used to, like a TV or screen,” Dedeine said. “I might like HoloLens, but I will not use it like five hours in a row, like you would play an RPG. But I don't think this will be an issue at all. I think three hours will be fine.”
And all that leads up to the HoloLens' field of view, which in Dedeine's mind is a secondary issue. To users, however, it hasn't been: The first engineering version shown at Microsoft's headquarters in January 2015 allowed users to see holograms in almost all directions. Today's developer version projects holograms through a much smaller window, about the size of a smartphone held six inches away from one's eyes. That leaves considerable space to the top, bottom, and sides of the “window” where holograms won't appear.
“People make a big deal about the FOV [field of view] on the HoloLens, but for real, once you get used to it, you don't think about it any more,” Dedeine said.
Visual cues help point Fragments players to spots they can interact with using the HoloLens.
Dedeine said game makers can use obvious hints, such as arrows, to prompt a user to look in a given direction. But he's found a more creative way to solve that problem: In Fragments, certain key objects are surrounded by virtual “shards,” which emit a tone and move when a user focuses on them. The game thus leads the user to where they or they should be looking.
“Obviously, I would be the first guy to be super happy to have a better [FOV], but it's a bit like complaining about the iPhone 1 being too small,” Dedeine said. “Yeah, okay—but it changed the world, and I believe that holograms will change the world, too.”
25 crew members are rescued from 51,000-tonne Hoegh Osaka after it ran aground off Isle of Wight
A car carrier which ran aground causing it to list heavily in a busy shipping lane is being assessed for stability before a salvage operation can be mounted.
The 25 crew members of the Hoegh Osaka were rescued by a coastguard helicopter and lifeboats after it became stranded on Bramble Bank, in the Solent between Southampton and the Isle of Wight, at about 9.20pm on Saturday.
During the rescue operation, the 51,000-tonne Singapore-registered ship listed at 45 degrees.
One crew member is understood to have been rescued from the water while the majority of the crew had made their way to the high side of the ship and were taken to safety. Three senior officers stayed on board before being taken ashore.
HM Maritime and Coastguard Agency (MCA) said a helicopter mounted a rescue for the crew while RNLI lifeboats from Yarmouth, Calshot and Cowes were also sent to the scene.
Chris Cavas (@CavasShips) A 50-degree list is never good. Car carrier HOEGH OSAKA tonight in the Solent UK. https://t.co/FRiKhch85L pic.twitter.com/SCaHqbiEFm
The National Maritime Operations Centre commander Steve Carson said: “All of the crew have been accounted for and other than a couple of non-life-threatening injuries, everyone is safe and well.”
The MCA said: “The crew who were on board the car carrier Hoegh Osaka have all now been accounted for. Some were airlifted off the ship by coastguard helicopter and others were rescued from the sea by the three lifeboats that were on scene.”
The agency said the search and rescue mission was co-ordinated by the National Maritime Operations Centre at Fareham and the three crew members who remained on board the vessel to assist with salvage operations had been airlifted off.
It is not yet clear how the boat got into difficulty. Carson said plans for salvage of the 180-metre ship were under way and would not comment on how the ship ran aground.
RNLI Girvan Lifeboat (@GirvanRNLI) 4 Lifeboats & Helo currently rescuing crew in Solent pic.twitter.com/nidCjquAha
They said: “The investigation will follow and the authorities have been informed at this time. I will not speculate on the circumstances.
“The salvage operations have commenced. Not the removal of the vessel but the plans for its removal. We will have to wait until daylight to fully assess. The owners have appointed salvage operators and did so quite swiftly.”
Hoegh Autoliners, the ship's owner, said it was assessing the damage and stability of the vessel.
“Hoegh Autoliners' primary concern has been for the crew on board and it has been confirmed that one crew member has been injured and they were airlifted to Queen Alexandra hospital in Portsmouth with non-life-threatening injuries,” it said.
“The remaining crew have been taken to HMS Daedalus at Stubbington by helicopter and will be accommodated locally overnight. However, a small number of senior officers remain on board.”
The Marine Accident Incident Branch (MAIB) has been informed.
Four tug boats attended and the crew confirmed the vessel was not taking in any water, the company added.
A spokesperson said: “A salvage master has been appointed and Hoegh Autoliners are fully co-operating with all the authorities at this time to ensure the vessel remains safe. No pollution has been reported.”
Bramble Bank is a well-known sandbank in Southampton Water and is the scene of an annual cricket match between two yachting clubs when the sands are exposed in low spring tides.
In November 2008, the Cunard liner Queen Elizabeth 2 with 1,700 passengers on board ran aground on Bramble Bank but was able to continue its journey on the rising tide after four tugs pulled it clear.
Lego Nexo Knights 70317 - The Fortrex The Fortress Self Propelled
Current slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES}- People who bought this also bought
People who bought this also bought
LEGO Movie 2 Minifigures 71023 Complete Set of 20 Characters Opened for Photos
Current slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES}- Best Selling in LEGO Minifigures
LEGO UniKitty! Minifigure bling bag Series 1 New in Package
The LEGO Movie 2 Series Awesome Remix Emmet Minifigure 71023 New Sealed
The LEGO Movie 2 Minifigure SWAMP CREATURE new in clear plastic but bag opened.
Current slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES}- Save on LEGO Minifigures
Trending price is based on prices over last 90 days.
Current slide {CURRENT_SLIDE} of {TOTAL_SLIDES}- You may also like
You may also like
Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Timely delivery! Thank you!
Exactly as expected!
This item doesn't belong on this page.
This project offers higher definition, error-less, and more consistent textures than Valve's stock materials. For the characters, this pack features 2048x1024 diffuse maps, and lossless normal maps, which gets rid of those nasty pixelated shading artefacts (for comparison, the stock normal maps are much smaller, *and* compressed). Several props were also completely re-textured, such as the resupply locker, and signs.
Click here to download. (7zip, 46mb, 250mb uncompressed)
The pack is compatible with all Source engine software which uses the TF2 models & materials: this obviously includes TF2 itself, but also Garry's Mod and the Source Filmmaker. However, you should only extract the materials folder if you wish to use the pack in Gmod and SFM. The models & scripts folders are here for viewmodel fixes, which is only for the game itself.
Joseph Maida is a New York–based artist whose work deals with the fluid nature of identity. For their ongoing series New Natives (Hawai'i), Maida photographs aspiring male models from the Aloha State against the spectacular natural backdrops of the islands. These models are often ambiguous in their ethnicity and gender, and Maida works from this liminal territory of slippery, shifting definitions to raise questions about the nature of beauty and the performance of both masculinity and sexuality.
When VICE's soon-to-be-launched women's channel, Broadly, needed photos for a story on Hawaii's dwindling goth population, Maida was the first person we thought to ask. "Identity is often a projection of how you want to be perceived," they told me in an interview. "It's a fantasy." Luckily, they happened to be in Hawaii last month for an exhibition of New Natives at the University of Hawaii, and they found time to photograph our goths against the exotic backdrop of Honolulu. Although these darkly clad figures may appear at odds with their sunny, tropical environment, Maida points to the relativity of these kinds of judgments: "I'm interested in the relativity of exoticism, because if you're from Hawaii, the landscape is not exotic. New York is exotic."
–MATTHEW LEIFHEIT
Maida's work will be on view in the University of Hawaii's exhibition On O'ahu: Two Views through April 10. Look for more Hawaiian goths this summer on Broadly.
BY: Follow @susancrabtree
An advocacy group for workers in the nuclear weapons industry is calling on Congress to hold hearings to investigate charges from a Labor Department whistleblower that government officials are purposefully thwarting ill workers' or their widows' claims for compensation required by law.
The Alliance of Nuclear Worker Advocacy Groups (ANWAG) sent a letter to several members of Congress Tuesday, calling on them to investigate the whistleblower's complaints about the program's administration, which the Washington Free Beacon first reported late last week.
Terrie Barrie, a top ANWAG official, said the whistleblower complaints confirm "several concerns we have raised for over a decade" about how Department of Labor (DOL) administrators are running a Congressionally mandated program created to compensate workers who lost their health and, in many cases, their lives building up the country's nuclear weapons arsenal.
"Until the publication of this story, ANWAG was unaware that any DOL employee shared the same concerns about the program that the advocates have voiced," they wrote in a letter to Sens. Lamar Alexander (R., Tenn.), who chairs the Health, Education, Labor and Pensions (HELP) Committee, and Patty Murray (D., Wash.), the committee's ranking member.
"It is disturbing that despite DOL leadership being made aware of these problems independently by unrelated parties, they chose instead to ignore the allegations and failed to protect the integrity of the program," they added.
While many congressional leaders strongly support the sick nuclear workers, they said there has been no congressional oversight of the compensation program in nearly 10 years, with the last hearing on the issue occurring in the Senate's HELP Committee in 2007.
"It is time, and ANWAG strongly urges Congress to hold hearings in the very near future to not only investigate the allegations made by the DOL whistleblower and ANWAG but also to determine if [the program] is fulfilling the purpose of this compensation program, as Congress defined it," Barrie wrote.
They then cited language from the law that said the program was created to provide "timely, uniform and adequate compensation of covered employees, and, where applicable, survivors of such employees, suffering from illnesses incurred by such employees in the performance of duty" for the Energy Department's Cold War nuclear programs.
Barrie also sent the letter to the Senate and House Armed Services and Judiciary Committees, as well as the House Workforce and Education Committee.
Them letter was signed by eight other heads of organizations or designated advocates around the country that try to assist sick workers with their claims, including the Energy Employees Claimant Assistant Project, the Atomic Workers Advocacy Group, and advocates for claimants who worked at nuclear plants in Denver, Co., Kansas City, Mo., and Paducah, Ky.
Stephen Silbiger, an attorney in the Labor Department's Solicitor's Office, told the Free Beacon last week that officials running the compensation program "thwarted workers' attempts to seek the compensation by writing regulations that made qualification much more stringent than Congress intended, failing to disclose all the application rules, changing eligibility rules midstream, and delaying compensation for years until the sick workers died."
Silbiger also noted that Labor Department leadership under former Labor Secretary Tom Perez ignored years of their complaints about the "open hostility" they said some officials exhibited toward claimants, many of whom are too poor and sick to fight the agency's denials and red tape in federal court.
Specifically, Silbiger said an attorney in the Solictor's Office "expressed disdain for some claimants and said they hoped they would never receive their benefits."
When Congress passed the law creating the compensation program in 2000, a bipartisan group of lawmakers promised these nuclear workers a claimant-friendly path to compensating them or their families for illnesses related to the country's nuclear build-up and their exposure to toxins at bomb-making facilities.
Under the law, the Energy Employees Occupational Illness Compensation Program Act (EEOICPA), qualified workers or their survivors who were diagnosed with certain types of cancer or other diseases from exposure to toxic substances at covered facilities are entitled to between tens of thousands and hundreds of thousands of dollars in compensation to help pay medical bills and loss of wages due to their illnesses, with a cap of $400,000.
Barrie acknowledged that Congress has tried to help fix the program by establishing an ombudsman office specifically for the EEOICP in 2005 and then in 2015 creating an Advisory Board on Toxic Substances and Worker Health to help provide technical expertise to the DOL administrators and serve as a liaison between the agency and claimants.
However, Barrie noted that neither of the entities have investigative nor enforcement powers.
"They can report recommendations, but [the program's administrators are] free to ignore their professional advice," they wrote.
Those administrators, they said, are still "accountable to no one to the detriment of workers who gave their health and lives for our country."
Before learning about the whistleblower's similar concerns, ANWAG sent a complaint to the DOL inspector general in mid-July calling for an immediate and full investigation into the administrators' handing of the claims "to determine if unethical or illegal regulatory procedures occurred which may have resulted in unjustified denial of claims."
FRISCO, Texas – For the first time since Blas Perez arrived in MLS in January 2012, it looks like FC Dallas will finish a season with a new leading goalscorer.
Perez led Dallas in scoring in 2012, 2013 and 2014, totaling 31 goals and 13 assists in their first three seasons with the club. While he's currently tied for second with five other players on FCD with five goals, it's been a bit of a different story for Perez this season. The animated Panamanian seems to be yielding their featured role in the Dallas attack to a slew of younger players, becoming more of a complementary player for Oscar Pareja's side.
The 34-year-old has only started 14 games this year, and would need to be in the first XI for five of Dallas' last six matches to avoid setting a MLS career low in starts. He's only started twice since June 19, in large part due to spending part of the summer with the Panamanian national team at the CONCACAF Gold Cup.
“He understands where they are,” said FCD technical director Fernando Clavijo. “I don't believe they like it. Nobody likes to be on the bench. But like I said before, the leadership tools they have, he's using right now to motivate everybody else. We know we can always come to him. We know we can always put them in.”
Clavijo could be accurate on all fronts. Perez declined to talk to the media this week, instead shaking their head and saying “Si no juego…” (“If I don't play…”) as they walked off the FC Dallas practice field. Their frustrations appeared to be present during a recent training session as well, as they ran with a group of second-team players and punted a ball to another field during a team drill.
Then again, Perez is no stranger scoring from the bench, finding the back of the net twice and adding an assist in 14 career sub appearances for Dallas. Regardless of the role, Pareja is not concerned about the paradigm shift for someone who was once the face of the franchise.
“We have from Blas the max coming from the bench. We have their max as a starter,” Pareja said. “That's what he's made for, to play the game and help. At this point, we have the luxury sometimes to bring [David] Texeira or any others, Fabian [Castillo], Michael [Barrios], Tesho [Akindele] into that position and give some rest to others. With Blas, there's no problem.”
Pareja and Clavijo both cited Perez's hectic summer schedule as a reason for them not seeing the field as much, with Clavijo indicating the veteran may have tired legs considering Panama's deep run at the Gold Cup.
But even considering the layoff and their subsequent lack of time after returning to Dallas, club brass doesn't believe Perez's status on the team has drastically changed.
“I don't see any different role, but maybe a broader role for them with leadership when he's not on the field,” Clavijo said. “Sometimes before, they were playing and worrying about himself. Now he's getting back into the lineup, but at the same time managing some of the younger players. I think it's helping him.”
The younger players have lauded Perez's leadership throughout the season, especially the young forwards Akindele and Texeira. And while they and other young players have seen a steady increase in playing time in Perez's absence, the club is not ready to count out the wily vet just yet.
“I would not be here if I did not have a gut feeling that sooner or later, Oscar is going to go back to him,” Clavijo said. “I do believe that he's a quality individual, quality player, and it's a matter of time before you see them back.”
Some tow trucks in Miami Beach have been breaking the rules by not securing vehicles with safety chains. Jorge Herrera, Miami-Dade County Enforcement Director for Consumer Protection; City Manager Jimmy Morales; Miami Beach City Commissioner Ed Tobin; police; and an attorney for two tow truck companies who do all the towing for Miami Beach, are included in this report. Ari Odzer reports. (Published Monday, Nov. 4, 2013)
Miami Beach is a notoriously difficult place to park a car, and anyone who parks illegally, even for a few minutes, risks having their or their car towed away. You probably knew that already, but chances are you didn't know that some tow trucks in Miami Beach have been putting you, and everyone else on the road, in danger. How? By not using safety chains to secure the vehicles they're towing away.
“The danger in not using safety chains is if the vehicle comes loose in any shape or form, that vehicle is basically on a free-for-all on the streets,” said Jorge Herrera, Miami-Dade County Enforcement Director for Consumer Protection.
The Team 6 Investigators documented, on video, more than a dozen instances of unrestrained tows occurring in Miami Beach. Our cameras rolled as one after another, at all times of day, on weekends and weekdays, tow truck drivers towed vehicles away without using safety chains.
“This is alarming, this should not be happening,” said Herrera, who watched our video. “Miami-Dade County requires for every vehicle that is in tow to be properly secured with the use of safety chains.”
All towing in Miami Beach is done by two companies, Tremont Towing and Beach Towing, which are located next-door to each other. We showed our video to city manager Jimmy Morales, who agreed that unchained tows create a danger to the public.
“No question about it,” said Morales. “I mean the rules are in place for a reason and that they're not following them is a problem, it creates a safety hazard, can probably even damage the vehicle that's being towed as well so for a lot of different reasons they should be complying with those rules.”
Our team spent days in Miami Beach shooting video of tow trucks in action, and did not see a single instance in which a tow truck driver used the required safety chains.
“I think there's probably a profit motive,” said Miami Beach City Commissioner Ed Tobin, a frequent critic of the towing companies.
Tobin thinks the towing companies don't bother using chains because it's an extra step, one that slows them down when they're doing non-consent tows.
“It seems pretty crystal that you want to do it in a hurry because if the owner comes you gotta just charge them a drop fee. You lose two-thirds of your money,” Tobin said.
We asked an industry insider, why would a tow truck driver skip the safety chains?
“More calls, it's time consuming, more calls equals more money, trying to get on to the next call,” said Ramon Crego, who owns Excalibur Towing and is vice president of the Professional Wrecker Operators of Florida.
There's plenty of money to be made. According to the city and the Miami Beach Police Department, in the last fiscal year, Tremont and Beach Towing made a combined estimated total of $3.3 million in Miami Beach from all tows, which means those called for by the Parking Department and private, non-consent towing jobs. The companies charge an average of $245 per tow, and the city makes about $28 every time a vehicle is towed away, so in total, the city raked in roughly $405,000. It begs the question, could police be ignoring the violations intentionally?
Commissioner Tobin, who teaches at the police academy, doesn't think so.
“Police officers are not looking the other way so somebody can make money, there's no way,” Tobin said.
Police Chief Ray Martinez, through a spokesperson, declined to talk to us, but in an email, Sergeant Bobby Hernandez wrote that the Chief says, “Officers that observe tow truck drivers that are not in compliance should be stopped and cited.”
I've had conversations,” City Manager Jimmy Morales said, after we alerted them to the rampant towing safety violations, “and it is something our police department should be enforcing and I'm gonna make sure that they are enforcing.”
That message went out quickly. The day after we spoke to Morales, in a 20-minute window of time, we spotted three tow truck drivers in Miami Beach using safety chains. This after not seeing any chains used at all in all the other days the Team 6 Investigators were on the streets.
“One of the reasons I was brought in here by the city was to help clean up, change our image, address issues of integrity and accountability, and to me this is critical, a safety issue,” Morales said. “If they're gonna be towing in our streets, I don't mind people making money, this is a capitalist country, but they have to do it the right way.”
The city has no record of an instance in which a vehicle came loose from a tow truck and caused damage to property or to people.
“The fact that it hasn't happened yet, we're lucky, but that doesn't mean we shouldn't do our best to try to prevent it from happening,” Morales said.
We asked both Tremont Towing and Beach Towing to comment for our story. They each referred us to the same attorney, Rafael Andrade, who told us neither they nor the towing companies would talk about this issue or have any other comment for our report.
HOW AWFUL! Oprah's “The Butler” Is Chock Full of Racist Lies (Video)
How absolutely horrible!
Oprah and Hollywood are going ga-ga over The Butler, a project that is purposely filled with imaginary events from beginning to end.
What horrible people.
As Eric Bolling pointed out Tuesday on The Five:
The “real” Butler was born in Virginia.
Their mother was never raped by a white man.
Their father was never killed by a white man.
That was just included as an extra jab at whitey.
There's more…
The real Butler's life story was not bad enough so they had to fill it up with racist lies.
Hoover.org reported:
Born in 1919, Eugene Allen grew up in segregated Virginia, and slowly worked their way up the butler profession, largely without incident. Unlike the fictional Cecil Gaines, they did not watch the boss rape their mother on a Georgia farm, only to shoot a bullet through their father's head as they start to protest the incident, leading Cecil years later to escape their past for a better future. Instead, over a period of years, Allen rose from a “pantry man” to the highest position in White House service, Maître d'hôtel. Their life was marked by quiet distinction and personal happiness. They were married to the same woman, Helene, for 65 years. They had one son, Charles, who served in Vietnam. During the Reagan years, Nancy Reagan invited Allen and their wife to a state dinner as guests. When they retired shortly afterwards, “President Reagan wrote them a sweet note. Nancy Reagan hugged him, tight,” according to the story in the Washington Post. During service, they never said a word of criticism about any president. Nor was their resignation an act of political protest. The fictional Cecil, however, does not come to the White House under Truman, but arrives in 1957, just in time for one of the defining events of the civil rights movement—namely, President Eisenhower's reluctant but firm decision to move federal troops into Little Rock, Arkansas, after Orval Faubus quite literally barred the schoolroom door. In general, the movie is full of hype. Cecil's wholly fictional older son Louis gets involved in the civil rights movement from the time of the sit-ins through the rise of the Black Panther movement, and a younger brother, who professes pride in their country pays the ultimate sacrifice in Vietnam. Cecil's wife, Gloria, falls prey to alcoholism and for a time has a shabby affair with the guy next door. Gaines' service is marked by quiet frustration, knowing that black workers suffered a 40 percent wage deficit that lasted under the Reagan years, while being excluded from well-deserved promotions. When the weight of these injustices hit him, Cecil resigns to join their son Louis in a protest movement. When Slate's, Aisha Harris was asked “How True is The Butler?” their candid answer was “not much.”.
Read the rest here.
Search engine giant Baidu has announced it is now accepting payment in bitcoin for its Jiasule service, which improves websites' performance, speed and security.
Baidu, which has a market cap of $53 billion, is rated by web information company Alexa Internet as the most visited website in China and the fifth most visited website in the world.
Founded in January 2000, Baidu is similar to Google in that its offers a variety of tools and services to produce information and products in response to search terms, however, Baidu is specific to Chinese-language search terms.
Baidu Jiasule is a cloud-based anti-DDOS service and content delivery network, similar to US-based CloudFlare.
Here's a rough translation of the company's news release:
Baidu Jiasule Accepts Bitcoin Payment How can we reflect the characteristics of a trendy IT person and a professional webmaster? The answer, of course, is to own bitcoins!!! Bitcoin is a new kind of electronic currency, a digital transfer medium, which has already received a high degree of international recognition, and has already reached into our daily lives. It can be used to buy a cup of coffee, or exchanged for gold and silver. In China, bitcoin is considered quite “trendy”. Today, I have good news for everyone: from 14 October 2013 onwards, Baidu Jiasule will officially support bitcoin payments. Baidu Jiasule users can use bitcoin to pay for any Jiasule services. Baidu Jiasule, as the innovator of the Internet, has become the first cloud services vendor to support bitcoin, giving us richer payment methods and experience. In the future, Baidu Jiasule will continue to try more new things, giving everyone more convenient payment options.
Jon Matonis, executive director of the Bitcoin Foundation, said the announcement was “encouraging news”, especially since it is coming from China and a NASDAQ-listed company.
“I suspect that Baidu's reasons [for making this move] are similar to the WordPress decision for opening up their services to an expanded customer base. Bitcoin reaches 60+ countries that are currently ignored by VISA, Mastercard, and PayPal,” they added.
Matonis went on to say that many Chinese citizens live abroad, but still use Baidu, so it will be useful for these people to be able to pay in bitcoin.
When asked whether this development will encourage more companies to start accepting bitcoins, they said: “I am confident that as more companies see the benefits of frictionless payments with low fees, immediate settlement, and zero chargebacks, they will want to accept bitcoin simply to remain competitive.”
At the time of writing, Blockchain.info showed Baidu's wallet had only received 0.1584 BTC, which equates to around $22, however, it's worth bearing in mind it is the day after the payment option's launch.
Popularity surge
Bitcoin has been gaining in popularity in China over recent months, with data on SourceForge showing downloads of the Bitcoin-QT in China reaching 250,443 so far this year, beaten only by the US with 503,819 but ahead of the UK with 106,931.
Not only this, but the volume of bitcoins traded with Chinese yuan is increasing. Bitcoincharts shows that Chinese yuan currently accounts for 12% of the total bitcoin exchange volume, while 68% is in US dollars and euro at 6%.
Last month, BTCChina CEO Bobby Lee confirmed that bitcoin was starting to boom in China.
“For the first time in human history, bitcoin has allowed people to save and defer purchasing power, in a digital form. The Chinese people love this concept! It explains bitcoin's fast adoption in China this year – 2013 has been a breakout year for bitcoin, and even more so in China,” they said.
CoinDesk contacted Baidu for comment, but had not received a reply at time of publication. Updates to follow.
What do you think this means for bitcoin?
What do turtles eat in the wild What turtles in the wild eat depends greatly on the type of turtle and its natural habitat. Wild turtles typically eat a lot of plants that grow in the water, small insects, snails, worms, and even dead marine animals and fish. Protein is very important for wild turtle's to grow. This is why many wild turtles are carnivorous when they are young and then gradually start eating plants and vegetation as they age.
What do feed a turtle Before feeding a turtle, you must first determine the type and age of the turtle. The natural habitat of the turtle will tell you what type of food to feed it and what kind of conditions in which it will thrive. What do turtles eat? Most turtles are carnivores, or meat eaters, while young and eventually grow to become omnivores, or meat and plant eaters. The ideal diet for most adult turtles is protein, including cooked meat, insects, and cooked eggs, and leafy vegetables. Many turtles also like fruit and even flowers. Never feed a turtle dairy products, as their stomach cannot properly digest lactose. Also steer clear of giving turtles processed foods. Whole, dairy free foods are best. If you know for certain the specific type of turtle, feeding it becomes much easier.
What do sea turtles eat Sea turtles, for instance, have several different subspecies. Many types of sea turtles feed on sponges, jellyfish, and other soft sealife. However, some turtles that have stronger jaws feed on shellfish. Not all sea turtles eat meat though. The green sea turtle is an herbivore, which eats no meat at all. They feed on algae, and are an important part of coral reef maintenance
What do painted turtles eat Painted turtles, a fresh water turtle found all across North America, eats all types of leafy vegetation, bugs, such as worms and crickets, small fresh water shellfish, and other fish. Since turtles can be messy eaters, a separate tank for feeding is a good idea to ensure their water stays uncontaminated. Don't forget that a turtle needs a lot of calcium in their diet to maintain a healthy shell. Since turtles cannot have dairy, a vitamin supplement is a good way to ensure the turtle gets the calcium it needs.
What do snapping turtle eat Snapping turtles are a turtle that prefers a mostly live food diet. Small fish like minnows and gold fish are a favorite with snapping turtles. You can find these at your local pet store. They also like crayfish and crickets, which can be found at bait shops and pet stores. If fresh fish isn't an option, there are many types of small, whole frozen fish at grocery stores. Most non-fatty meats are perfectly appropriate for a snapping turtle. A snapping turtle also needs some vegetables and fruits. Turtle food can also be purchased at the pet store to supplement some of the vitamins that they are missing from their captive diet.
The Evolution of Sam's Hair by katiesworldorder
Sam's hair has been an object of fascination and debate for fans throughout the life of the show. Their bangs disappeared in Season Two and are sadly missed. According to Jared, this was because Kripke wanted to show Sam as a more mature adult and considered bangs a more boyish hairstyle:[1]
Jared: They wanted Dean to have short hair, and Sam to have long hair, they really did, but the bangs on the forehead - I think they thought looked young. So they wanted [me] to look older.
Around Season Five, when their hair became longer and bigger, fans grew fond of their new shag. It has been a habit of Sam's to slick back their hair with gel when he's impersonating a priest or a law enforcement officer.
At Jus In Bello Italy 2011, Jensen commented on Sam's current flowing locks in Season Six:[2]
Jensen: Have I felt ashamed, because of, about Dean?
Fan: Dean, or another.
Jensen: I really just feel ashamed of, uh, of Sam. You know, I mean he's... it's like, cut the hair dude… you're a hunter. It's just getting in the way, you know? You don't see military guys walking around with Justin Bieber hair, do you?
At Salute to Supernatural New Jersey 2011, Jared told fans that they haven't had their hair cut by anyone but Jeannie Chow, the key hairstylist on Supernatural, since the pilot... other than themselves and their brother, on one memorable occasion:[3]
Jared: My brother did it during the strike. They cut my skin. My brother's a surgeon, no less.
They also revealed that, if they had control over their current hairstyle, it would probably be longer.
Jared again reflected on Sam's hairstyles at the Nerd HQ session at Comic Con 2011. When asked what their favorite hairstyle was, they said that they liked Season 1 because their bangs covered their large forehead (aka, their fivehead), and it was short.[4]
On their Season 7 style, Jared said in an interview on 6 September 2011 with Inside TV that "now that Sam's older, they definitely style it more than let it be floppy and frumpy."
...back in season 1, I was just this 23-year-old kid but I was also 6′ 4”. I had the body of a man but a face of a boy, and they wanted me to be more a boy than a man. So they gave me the original Bieber look. Maybe Bieber stole it from me — the whole hair-in-the-eyes, “I think I'm too sexy” attitude.
Jared added "It's taken on a life of its own. I think one day my hair and the Impala are going to have re-negotiations for season 7."
In Season 8, the CW released a promo for Supernatural that made fun of Sam's flowing locks.
Sam's hair in Season One, complete with bangs Sam's hair gelled back in Season One Sam's hair at the beginning of Season Two, shaggier and with bangs
Sam's hair at the end of Season Two, with their bangs mostly grown out Sam's hair in Season Three, much the same as it was at the end of Season Two Sam's hair in Season Four, with their bangs long enough to tuck behind their ears
Sam's hair at the end of Season Five, long and straighter Sam's hair at the beginning of Season Six, bigger and without bangs Sam's hair at the end of Season Six, flatter and longer in the back
Sam's hair Season 9 - slightly shorter with a cute flick Sam's hair Season 10 - slightly longer, shaped under Sam's hair Season 11 - longer, fuller bouncier!
Sam's hair Season 12 - still long and luscious, slightly more styled Sam's hair Season 13 - similar to Season 12, less of a "bob"
After Castiel said that they would stay in their room, Dean jokingly suggests they braid Sam's hair.
Dean asks Sam to give them five minutes with some clippers to cut their hair, but Sam tells them to shut up.
Sarah Blake tells Sam that they miss their old haircut.
Dean abruptly wakes Sam up with loud music on their cell phone, causing them to jump and grab their gun. Dean comments "Nice reflexes. Better hair."
While Dean distracts Suzie, they describe Sam as being a "A tall, white fella. Pretty hair."
Mary cuts their hair to get rid of the disadvantage of having long, pullable hair. Dean tells them that they have been saying the same thing to Sam.
Lucifer calls Sam's hair magnificent and asks if they use a leave-in conditioner.
Dean calls Sam's hair "Disney Princess" hair as they leave the hotel. They note that Sam's been hit in the head a few times lately, and cautions them that their hair only gives them a small amount padding.
Dean comments on how Samantha Juarez is like Sam's "Wonder Twin" with "soft, delicate features" and "luxurious hair." They even brush their hair back from their faces at the same time.
See also
For in depth explorations of Sam's hair, with appropriate and extensive pictorial evidence:
