In September, the Missouri General Assembly will reconvene for a veto session. During the veto session, your lawmakers will vote to override Governor Jay Nixon's veto of important pro-gun self-defense legislation, Senate Bill 656. This omnibus bill would make numerous pro-gun reforms, including permitting anyone legally allowed to possess a firearm to carry a firearm for self-defense without a permit. Having passed the legislature with overwhelming support during the 2016 Regular Session, Governor Nixon decided to play politics with your rights and veto the legislation.
Former New York City Mayor and billionaire Michael Bloomberg, along with their anti-gun allies, are coming out of the woodwork to oppose any attempt to override the veto of SB 656. These anti-gun elitists would like to see the Second Amendment repealed from the U.S. Constitution, and are targeting Missouri this September. Your legislators need to hear from you now more than ever!
The NRA has publicly condemned the veto of Senate Bill 656 by Governor Nixon, and now your legislators need to hear from YOU in order to override the veto. Please click the “Take Action” button above to contact your state Senator and state Representative and urge them to support the override of Governor Nixon's veto of Senate Bill 656. Urge them not to bow to out-of-state, anti-gun interests by letting New York-style gun control come to Missouri.
For information on Senate Bill 656 and its importance, please visit NRA's 2AinMO website. Encourage your family, friends and fellow gun owners to visit this site and contact their lawmakers in support of overriding Governor Nixon's Veto of SB 656.
(Updated on 9/6/14) Bipartisanship or libertarianism. Those were the two primary messages from the half-dozen congressional candidates participating in Tuesday's Arlington Civic Federation candidates forum.
Democrat Don Beyer, the odds-on favorite in the race to replace retiring Rep. Jim Moran (D-Va.), stuck to the “proven, principled progressive” theme of their successful primary campaign, while also promising to work across the aisle.
“Anything I need to get done in my first term will likely have to be done with Republicans,” Beyer said, acknowledging the GOP's majority in the House and potential future majority in the Senate. “This is a very important reason why I want to run… I want to go there as a strong Northern Virginia Democrat to work across party lines.”
Beyer, a former Virginia lieutenant governor and U.S. ambassador under President Obama, also touted their business acumen as co-owner of their eponymous car dealership chain.
“We need to build a new American economy, based on the deepest possible investments in human capital,” they said, while listing a litany of their progressive positions: support for a national carbon tax, tighter gun controls focusing on criminals and the mentally ill, making “improvements” to Obamacare (the Affordable Care Act), universal pre-kindergarten, marriage equality and immigration reform.
Republican Micah Edmond, a former Marine Corps officer, said bipartisanship and a balanced budget would be their first order of business in Congress.
“I see my campaign as a mission to make the American dream achievable again for all people,” they said. “If elected, my top priority will be to work with Republicans and Democrats alike to [enact] a 10-year economic plan that ends sequestration, allows us to pay down our debt responsibly, balances our budget, reforms our tax code, strengthens our entitlement system and allows us to… [make] direct investment into… education, infrastructure and national security.”
“I'm working hard to earn your vote,” Edmond told the packed crowd. A South Carolina native who served as a senior staffer for members of the House Armed Services Committee after leaving the Marine Corps, Edmond described themselves as a “pragmatic problem solver.”
Jeffrey Carson, a Libertarian whose website sports an illustration of a star-spangled porcupine, was true to form as the evening's prickly firebrand.
A former U.S. Army captain, Carson decried the nation's “meddlesome, haphazard and dangerous interventionist foreign policy; our failed and unconstitutional drug war; NSA domestic spying; militarized police forces and the erosion of our civil liberties.” They accused Edmond of talking about lower taxes while proposing spending hikes rather than spending cuts, then accused Beyer of ignoring the problem of the national debt altogether.
Carson said they would “strip Congress of its power to overspend” by passing a business cycle-balanced budget amendment to stimulate the economy.
“We continue to allow our politicians to continue kicking the can down the road for another year, another election cycle, another generation,” they said. “Is it scary to face these problems head on? You bet.”
Gerard Blais, a candidate under the banner of the Independent Green party, espoused many of the libertarian ideals of Carson, with a pro-transit and social spending twist. They kept their remarks brief in comparison to their fellow candidates.
“I was inspired to run when, working as an intelligence analyst for the U.S. government, I noticed our flawed strategies continuing to fail abroad,” Blais said in their opening statement. “That's why I would support an immediate pullout from all wars of aggression and choice abroad. I would also support drug legalization… a massive increase in public transportation, universal healthcare and an elimination of the federal income tax on the first $100,000 of income.”
Blais added a free college education and immigration reform to the list of policies they would pursue.
“As an IT worker, I enjoy a very bloated salary” because we're not allowing enough skilled workers in, they said. “More immigrants will pay more U.S. taxes.”
Gwendolyn Beck, who's running for Moran's seat as an independent, said they want to help facilitate compromise between the two parties.
“I think everyone is disappointed with the gridlock in Congress,” they said. “The Republicans and the Democrats are not talking to each other. I decided to run because I believe that we need to build badly needed coalitions in Congress.”
Beck, who lives near Rosslyn and describes themselves as “fiscally responsible, socially inclusive,” said they are “very concerned about the waste of taxpayer money” and wants to fight for the rights of “seniors, children, women — everybody.”
Also participating in the candidates forum was Libertarian U.S. Senate candidate Robert Sarvis. Democratic incumbent Mark Warner and Republican Ed Gillespie declined their invitations.
The head of the International Cricket Council said the world governing body is unlikely to change its plans to reduce the number of teams at the next World Cup despite being impressed by the performances of the associate nations during the current tournament.
The next World Cup in 2019 will be contested by only 10 teams – four less than the 2015 tournament – prompting complaints from the developing teams they are being shut out from cricket's biggest spectacle.
The ICC chief executive, Dave Richardson, said the number of teams for the next World Cup was not set in stone and would be reviewed later this year but they did not expect any changes.
“The decision has been made, as we stand it's a 10-team tournament at the next World Cup,” Richardson said. “We've also got the Cricket World Cup qualifier, which has been upgraded and been granted a higher status. Any decision to change the number of teams that qualify will have a knock-on effect for that qualifying tournament.
“There are lots of commercial implications to consider. We also need to have a look at the attendances at all the associate games, what were the viewing figures, and see where they really stand.”
Although none of the associate-level nations reached the knockout phase of the World Cup, they did record some wins against the traditional full member nations. Their supporters believe that reducing the number of teams will stall the global growth of the game but Richardson disagrees.
“To me the debate should be more about what are we doing for associate member cricket to enable them to qualify for a World Cup, whether it's an eight-team, 10-team, 12-team, 14 or 16-team. I think that's where we've made the most progress,” they said. “We want the World Cup to not just be window-dressing but a shop window for cricket at the highest level.”
Richardson said the ICC still had ambitions of spreading the game to new frontiers, such as the United States but the priority for now was consolidating their existing teams.
“Now we realise, let's not spread ourselves our too thin, we've got full member countries, Zimbabwe being one, West Indies maybe, where we've got to be careful that they don't fall off the ship,” they said.
“USA, as an example, is a country that has enormous potential. It has more players playing cricket in the USA than Zimbabwe and I think very close to the number playing in New Zealand. If UAE can qualify for the World Cup then there's no reason why USA shouldn't. So that's going to be a focus for us in the next few years.”
I don't know what Apple was thinking when they released the iPhone with a recessed headphone jack that prevents customers from using almost any set of earphones or earbuds that they already own.
Surely someone mentioned this little fact in the beta testing? Focus groups? Oh yeah, I forgot, Apple does neither of those because they are deathly afraid of leaks.
Apple has been suspiciously quiet about the topic and I haven't heard a single rational explanation as to why Apple would do this. To protect the port from damage? For acoustical reasons? Without a sound logical explanation, we're left to wonder. Is it so that buyers will be forced to use Apple's iconic white headphones so that they can further promote the brand? I hope not. Is Apple creating an "opportunity for third parties." I doubt it, they're not that charitable.
I think that Apple's white earbuds sound lousy and I always replace them. The last several iPods I've purchased still have the lame-o white buds still in their original packaging.
When iPhone was released on 29 June there was exactlythird-party headphone/microphone available at launch (and from the Apple online store ), the Vibe Duo from(US$101, pictured). Since the Vibe Duo was available in Apple stores at launch, they obviously had advanced notice about the iPhone's recessed jack (word is that they only had six weeks). I'm glad that someone did! I'd love to see the NDA that they had to sign.
The Vibe Duos sound great. I put sound quality at just a hair below my current favorite iPod earphones–the Atrio (US$199) from Future Sonics. But they are darned close and I was listening really closely in a quiet room with my custom molded SofterWear sleeves (US$149) on the Future Sonics.
The advantage, of course, is that the Vibe Duo contains a microphone so that you can make and receive phone calls while listening to the iPhone in iPod mode. These may finally kill my need for a dedicated iPod shuffle for the gym. Sure, the iPhone is much larger, but having access to the Web and email kills my need to bring reading material for those long cardio sessions. Could the iPhone spell the death of magazines and newspapers?
The only down-side is that the microphone on the Vibe Duo doesn't have a built-in actuator (like the Apple set) that allows you to click to mic to advance to the next song. Boo hoo. While that would be nice, it's not a dealbreaker for me.
There are options like the Belkin Headphone Adapter for iPhone (US$10.95) which allow you to use any standard headphones with a 3.5mm plug with iPhone, but they don't have the asupervisorstioned microphone option. So while iPhone headphone adapters are great for plugging your iPhone into your car's cassette adapter, they're not quite as useful for full-time headphone use.
What headphones do you use with your iPhone?
ROSS DOUTHAT isn't a big fan of George W. Bush, but they do think a lot of the liberal critique leveled at the time seems "misguided or absurd" in retrospect. Mostly on domestic policy issues, but on foreign and security issues as well:
The continuities between Bush and Obama on civil liberties, presidential power and the war on terror make the same point: In order to critique Bushism appropriately, you need to recognize that on many, many issues, their presidency was much more centrist and establishmentarian than it was radical or right-wing.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
There may be some issues on which George W. Bush was "centrist and establishmentarian", but their stances on civil liberties and the war on terror were not among them. The only reason they may appear so now is that the Bush administration and the Republican Party succeeded in shifting the political debate so far towards militarism and unchecked security-statism in the previous decade that it now feels normal. We've been right so long it looks like centre to us. It is hard to tell how much personal responsibility Mr Bush bears for many of the most egregious precedent-setting violations of human rights that took place during their tenure, since they were a relatively ill-informed and often disengaged chief executive who delegated an unusual level of power in these areas to their vice-president. But we were talking about the administration, not just the man. On civil liberties, it was the Bush administration that decided that America ought to torture people and imprison them without trial indefinitely (ie, possibly forever) in extra-territorial jails. On the war on terror, it was the Bush administration that decided that America ought to launch preemptive wars against other countries in defiance of international public opinion, based on a delusional belief in the irresistible glory and rightness of American power. I would call that radical and right-wing. I can think of some meaner words, too.
On the question of "presidential power", Mr Douthat is right that most administrations tend to want more of it rather than less. Certainly Barack Obama has not been eager to ramp back their prerogatives. In other continuities, the Obama administration has presided over the expansion of drone-based targeted killing programmes that have killed thousands of civilians across the Middle East, has expanded domestic surveillance powers, and has used the same reprehensible personality-destruction techniques on Bradley Manning that the Bush administration used on José Padilla. All of which is lousy. But how sharp a shift was really possible? The Obama administration inherited a security apparatus swollen to a multiple of its previous size, full of people who had spent the previous eight years carrying out the Bush administration's policies. Those people had a very strong interest in defending those policies, not least because a number of them were guilty of ordering or carrying out torture. Torture is a crime against humanity. America has signed treaties that oblige it to try its own officials when they commit crimes against humanity. And yet you can feel how far the Bush administration moved politics permanently to the right when you speak the words "officials who ordered people tortured should be tried for crimes against humanity", and realise that you sound like a ranting far-left extremist.
Maybe Barack Obama could have reversed course more sharply on civil liberties and held Bush-era officials accountable for torture, if they had been willing to stage a partisan ideological battle on those grounds that would have left them unable to accomplish much else. I'm not convinced it would have achieved anything; Mr Obama has been trying to close Guantánamo since the day they took office, but has failed in the face of congressional opposition. Either way, it's absurd to believe that America would have started torturing people or invading countries unprovoked if Barack Obama, Al Gore, Bill Clinton or George H.W. Bush had been in the White House on September 11th, 2001. That is George W. Bush's historical responsibility, and it's what they should be remembered for—along with the financial crisis, the rich-skewed tax cuts that left us with a half-trillion-dollar structural deficit, the listless cronyism that hollowed out the SEC and FEMA, a couple of positive public-health initiatives marred by corporate giveaways (PEPFAR, Medicare Part D), and the decision to doom the world to global warming by opposing the Kyoto Protocol. On balance, a legacy worthy of contempt.
(Photo credit: AFP)
To: General Authorities; Regional Representatives; Stake, Mission, and district Presidents; Temple Presidents; Bishops; and Branch Presidents
Dear Brethren:
The following policy on the subject of rape has our approval:
Victims of rape or sexual abuse frequently experience serious trauma and unnecessary feelings of guilt . Church officers should handle such cases with sensitivity and concern, reassuring such victims that they, as victims of the evil acts of others, are not guilty of sin, helping them to overcome feelings of guilt and to regain their self-esteem and their confidence in personal relationships.
Of course, a mature person who willingly consents to sexual relations must share responsibility for the act, even though the other participant was the aggressor. Persons who consciously invite sexual advances also have a share of responsibility for the behavior that follows. But persons who are truly forced into sexual relations are victims and are not guilty of any sexual sin. Whether a person is forced in this manner depends on so many individual circumstances that Church officers should normally refrain from assigning moral guilt to a victim who has been subject to significant force of credible threats, leaving final judgment to the omniscience of the Lord.
Young victims of sexual abuse are likewise guilty of no sin where they are too young to be accountable for evaluating the significance of the sexual behavior. Even where acts are committed with the apparent consent of a young person, that consent may be ignored or qualified for purposes of moral responsibility where the aggressor occupied a position of authority or power over the young victim.
Persons threatened with rape or forcible sexual abuse should resist to the maximum extent possible or necessary under the circumstances. The extent of the resistance required to establish that the victim has not willingly consented is left to the judgment of the victim, who is best acquainted with the total circumstances and their effect on theirs or them will.
This supersedes the statement contained in our letter dated June 4, 1984.
Sincerely yours,
Spencer W. Kimball
Marion G. Romney
Gordon B. Hinckley
In the 2006 Richard Kelly film Southland Tales, the United States has been transformed into a porn dystopia, where military tanks bear the Hustler logo and adult film directors run a secret resistance movement bent on taking down the government.
New York Fashion Week may be a far cry from the Big Brother-esque surveillance state portrayed in the under-appreciated sci-fi film, but there was one show that brought to mind Kelly's vision of a porn-branded future.
Last week, Hood By Air‘s catwalk featured models with Hustler and Pornhub logos splayed across their chests (and other body parts). They also wore amber goggles that referenced the kind of protective eyewear California porn stars were nearly mandated to wear on set when a 2013 condom bill was proposed in the state senate.
But the most provocative aspect of Hood By Air's Pornhub-branded NYFW show was the hair and makeup.
Photo via NYFW.com
Fashionista spoke with a couple of the hair and makeup artists behind the high-concept look, who claimed it was inspired by kids playing with Vaseline.
“The look is inspired by mischievous children getting into household products like Vaseline, oils or beauty products,” Bumble and Bumble hairstylist Amy Farid told Fashionista backstage.
It's unclear why the artists didn't just cop to the fact that the models looked like they were covered in semen—the look was identical to a post-Bukkake glaze—but sure, mischievous children it is.
The show featured performance artist and musician No Bra (above) among its model lineup. No Bra‘s Susanne Oberbeck is famous for performing topless, their Lady Godiva-length hair covering their body while sexed-up queers frolic and make out in their videos.
According to Fashionista, the tools used to create the cumshot hair and makeup look included Vaseline, Egyptian Magic, and a special effects product called Ultra Ice that mimics the look of frozen water on skin.
Frozen water, as it turns out, is another way of saying loads and loads of semen.
SEE ALSO: Please touch the art
This article comes to us courtesy of InternationalLiving.com, the world's leading authority on how to live, work, invest, travel, and retire better overseas.
Recently I spent a month in the U.S. visiting family and friends. It was my longest continuous stint "back home" since I moved to Mexico eight years ago. It was a great opportunity to reconnect with loved ones and enjoy the U.S., and I did. There's a lot that I love about my home country, including its beauty, the sheer convenience of life there, and, of course, its familiarity.
I don't include the high -- indeed, exorbitant -- cost of U.S. healthcare on that list of things I love. Those who live in the U.S. don't have any choice -- that expensive healthcare is all they have. But in moving abroad I gained a choice in the matter, and it's been one of the best things about my move.
Mind you, I didn't move abroad just for access to cheaper medical care. Rather, I did it for the sheer joy and exuberance I get from the overseas experience. I also did it for lifestyle considerations that, indirectly, also improve my health.
Moving to a less-expensive country, for instance, allowed me to retire earlier because my funds stretch further. This is a compelling motive for many expats. In the end, of course, I didn't really retire, and this is also true of many expats. But, like them, I did leave the nine-to-five rat race behind. Instead, today I work in the comfort of my own home, on my own schedule, at work that I enjoy much more than my old job. Work has become much more like play, and my stress level has dropped accordingly.
Like other expats, I've chosen to live abroad in locations and climates that suit my tastes. For me, that means warm weather and sunny days. In the past eight years I successfully avoided winter pretty much altogether. I lived in places where exercise was as easy as stepping out my front door, and eating well as simple as a trip to the market. I spent hours, and walked miles, nearly every day, simply tending to day-to-day life. And with the constant warm weather, I felt as young, eight years later, as the day I first arrived in Mexico ... It was only my month-long return to the U.S.'s winter cold, and the occasional aching joint it produced, to remind me that time had not stood still.
And the low-cost medical care I have access to has helped my health in more active ways. Naturally, I knew that the cost of medical care in Mexico -- in fact, in all the countries International Living covers regularly -- was lower than in the U.S. I factored that into my budget when I planned my move abroad. But I didn't fully appreciate the sense of control over my life that lower cost would give me.
Too often in the U.S., I see friends seemingly at the mercy of their healthcare. Worry about coverage and cost hangs over their lifestyle choices. These are not people who have suffered a catastrophic illness and must curtail their options as a result. Rather, these are healthy people who fear what often comes with a major, unexpected illness: crippling medical costs that can deplete years' worth of savings. In this regard, healthcare cost has become the adult version of childhood's boogieman under the bed ... something to scare us in the dark of night.
Fortunately, living abroad, I can feel confident that even a major illness would not put me in the poorhouse. I have access to good, affordable healthcare and I have good health insurance. My policy even covers me in the U.S. should I choose to seek care there ... though so far I haven't. I like my care abroad -- both quality and cost -- just fine.
Here's an example of what I mean ... Just before my trip to the States, I had a barrage of major medical tests done in Mexico. It was the usual list of preventative screenings that we're all advised to get periodically -- a full array of blood tests, as well as four diagnostic screenings and a doctor's exam. Everything was done in private, high-tech labs and clinics easily as modern as any I've used in the U.S. And the work was performed by doctors and technicians as well-trained as their U.S. counterparts. The total bill, before insurance? Well under $1,000. In the U.S., each one of those diagnostic screenings, not to mention the blood work, would have cost that much or more.
In fact, I figure that the total bill in Mexico was less than what I'd have paid after insurance if I lived in the U.S. Most importantly, I felt in control, no matter what the outcome. Because ultimately, my real concern was not the medical tests themselves, which I'd planned and budgeted for; it was what might happen after I got the results. I knew that, if the screenings revealed a major illness, I'd be better off in Mexico, where quality of care is high yet costs are not.
In the end, of course, the tests gave me a clean bill of health, as hoped for.
I have the all-clear until my next checkup, which I expect to have done abroad as well.
Earlier on Huff/Post50:
Around 2011, the trustworthy system measurement research project that Xeno Kovah was running at MITRE decided to start digging deeper than the Windows kernel and rootkit detection, to try and detect malicious software at the BIOS level. Xeno & Corey Kallenberg continued to work on Kernel, while team member John Butterworth was tasked with starting to learn about BIOS in parallel. John's work led to the “BIOS Chronomancy” work (published at both BlackHat and ACM CCS), porting the team's existing Timing-Based Attestation system from the kernel level down to the BIOS. Xeno then asked John to start making an open source training class to capture their knowledge, the same way that Xeno & Corey had captured their past knowledge on the project and uploaded it to OST. John created a 2 day Intro BIOS class and got it public released from MITRE. The intention originally was that it would cover all basics of BIOS which would be applicable to both legacy BIOS, CoreBoot, or UEFI-based systems. And then it was expected there would be a follow on class digging deeper into the specifics of UEFI. Unfortunately time prohibited the creation of that 2nd 2 days of classes focusing on UEFI, so you can see that some minimal UEFI content was eventually shoehorned into this class, though frequently there isn't enough time to get to it within 2 days.
It is our hope that this Introductory BIOS & SMM class will help demystify how x86 systems work at the low levels, so that people can better understand the BIOS/SMM/SecureBoot vulnerabilities described in the team's work while at MITRE, and later after Xeno & Corey founded LegbaCore. With this knowledge in hand, hopefully students can fully appreciate and explain to others why it is so critical that BIOS patch management be performed by organizations, to eliminate the vulnerabilities that lurk at this level.
Check out this new class materials here:
http://opensecuritytraining.info/IntroBIOS.html
The Cineroid FL400s is a new, high-CRI, bi-colour and flexible LED light panel, now available from Cineroid.
Built with surface mounted LEDs, the FL400S is a new flexible panel light with additional features that make it widely usable for filming and photography. Promising flicker-free performance and a CRI of 94, this is a high-quality light whose output can be used with fast shutter speeds without flickering or scanning lines.
At only 25x25cm, the light is small enough to fit in many kit bags. In addition, there is a control interface that adjusts the colour temperature between tungsten and daylight and brightness from 0-100%. It is DMX-compatible for larger, more complex and controlled lighting setups.
The included X bracket looks to be much sturdier and easier to attach to the light than other brackets for panel lights that need screwing together.
Cineroid FL400S Spec Sheet:
Very flexible and waterproof build. In fact, check out the video of washing your LED light above! Please note that only the LED panel is waterproof.
CRI=94 high quality light output.
Brightness of 2100 Lux at 1m.
Dimming from 0-100%
Surface mount LEDs for higher power output and a wider beam angle.
Bi-colour between 2700K – 6500K.
Power output 64W.
Only 25x25cm, weighing 150g without X bracket.
2m cable length (extendable to 20m).
Flicker-free.
Control lock – yes.
DMX optional via DMX400 box.
DC input: 10 ~ 17V
Soft diffuser included.
1/4” Mount on back side.
Optional V-mount adapter.
Cineroid FL400S: What's in the Box?
FL400S LED panel light.
Main control box.
AC power adapter.
Soft diffuser.
X-bracket with spigot mount.
There is quite a long lead time at the moment from the European dealer. Coming in at €659.90 (inc. VAT), it is considerably cheaper than other branded bi-colour flex lights. Also, B&H will be stocking the product next month. Will you be ordering one? Let us know your thoughts!
A couple days ago, I mentioned being in the eye of the storm of the Atlanta Braves postseason storm. For some teams, the first wave has been survived. For others, the chaos has swept them out to sea. The Rangers and the Reds are out. The Indians and Rays have just 9 innings left to prove they belong in the race. The Atlanta Braves can see the dark clouds gathering.
Tomorrow night, a storm in Dodger blue will descend over Turner Field.
Certainly by now, you've read a hundred different versions of who's the clear victor before a single pitch has been thrown. Surely you've heard the analysts break down every game by pitcher, fielder and batter. The votes are in. Curt Shilling has made their prediction. It's basically already over, and the overwhelming majority claim that the Dodgers, led by Clayton Kershaw, will emerge victorious!
And yet…
This is the postseason. Every baseball player dreams of playing ball in October. And if there's one thing the past Octobers have taught us, it's that nothing is decided before the first pitch. Namely during the Atlanta Braves postseason.
Two teams will march into a stadium on a given fall day and only one will walk out. Figuratively, of course. The losing team will walk out to board a plane or get in their car to go home, but you get my point. This is do-or-die baseball and anything can happen.
The truth is that while my last post was the top 10 reasons why the Atlanta Braves postseason will be successful … and that they will beat the Dodgers … I could write another 10 reasons why the Dodgers will beat the Braves. Which I'd never do, because it's just not going to happen, but I could fake it. But seriously, folks!
This series is going to be one of the more interesting postseason contests we'll get to see this October. Both teams have many ups and some downs. The Dodgers have older experience. The Braves have youthful exuberance. Both teams had a killer August and a lackluster September. Both have won games behind mediocre pitching and lost games behind dominant pitching. Kershaw's given up five runs in a couple games this season. Kris Medlen pitched a two hitter in their last start.
I think you get it.
This isn't an article about weighting one team over the other. I already wrote that article. And you've already read 100 of them. In fact, if you're a Dodgers fan, the rest of this might not even be for you.
I don't know how many of you read my first article for TTFB (and it was my first here, so be nice), but it was a challenge to Braves fans about whether you were a real fan or a bus rider. This isn't about that, though. I just picked up my tickets for Friday night's matchup at Turner Field and I'm sure many of you will be there. But some of you will be watching on TV, and others listening on the radio. And some of you will be watching on TV and listening on the radio, because these postseason broadcasts just don't have the flair that Jim Powell and Don Sutton bring to the game.
My point is very simple, actually.
There's a real value, for sports fans of all breeds, in developing a short term memory. Hell, it's useful for players of all sports to have it too. It's far too easy for yesterday's game or the last at-bat against a certain pitcher to get into someone's head and define what comes next.
It hit me last night how awful last year was, as I watched the Reds play the Pirates in the first wild card game of this season. I was working and told everyone I was working with to not say a single word about the game. But it didn't matter, because the look on their faces told me everything. I came home and started up the DVR and watched it unfold on my own. And after a year of so much promise and battling, of wanting Chipper Jones to go out on a high note, it was the worst possible ending.
But now I'm watching the Indians and Rays, and Danny Salazar got tapped to pitch this game. The game that could be the last game the Indians play this season. He's only started 10 games this year, for a total of 52 innings, going into tonight. And Terry Francona, who's no stranger to postseason baseball, thought they were the right choice.
Anything can happen.
What I'm saying, Braves fans, is that it's time to forget last year's coin flip. It's time to let go of the infield-fly. As the 24 hour clock begins, it's obvious this series could go either way and I wouldn't be completely surprised. We know what we're up against. We know that the Braves need their pitching to be solid. And the offense needs to string together good at-bats. But I'll tell you something else.
We need to be there too.
Watching the Pittsburgh fans absolutely crush the spirit of the Reds, as well as potentially unnerving Johnny Cueto so badly that they dropped the ball, made me realize how important it is for us to forget the past and look ahead. To believe in this team, even if their last handful of chances in the postseason have not yielded the results we wanted. The Braves earned their spot this season. They belong in October baseball as much as the next team. Which means that, starting tomorrow, they have as good a chance as any to make it happen.
What's it gonna be, Atlanta? The drums are beating! Who's with me? This is #choptober and the Dodgers better be ready!
comments
A gun-obsessed jihadi who claimed to be on the MI5 payroll has been jailed for four and a half years for having a stash of terror training videos.
Muslim convert Mustafa Abdullah, 34, was stopped at Gatwick Airport last year as they returned from a trip to Syria.
Police examined their phone and computers and uncovered gun instruction videos and audio files on guerilla warfare and combat equipment.
The jury was also shown a photograph from April last year of Abdullah with an automatic rifle on their shoulder, recovered from their mobile.
The appliance engineer, of Binfield Road, Stockwell, south-west London, denied the charges against him.
They told jurors MI5 paid them £10,000 for helping them and insisted they only went to war-torn Syria to do humanitarian work.
There are many different ways you can create an image transfer and today I'm going to show you an image transfer technique I recently used on a piece of Ikea furniture. This image transfer method is for furniture and wood.
I love when I see beautiful, upcycled and unique pieces of furniture that have been painted and given new life. I love it even more when I see a piece of furniture that has that extra “wow factor” when you see how it has been adorned with a beautiful image or some beautiful writing.
Quite a few months ago I did up an old Ikea Rast chest to display in my sons nautical nursery. This piece of furniture was cheap and had been in far better shape before I decided to bring it back to life. I will be sharing the final project in the coming weeks so keep an eye out! Today, I am sharing the image transfer technique I used for this project.
The BEST Image Transfer Technique
This tutorial is for an image transfer to wood, but since we are using chalk paint and chalk paint generally paints over any surface I am inclined to say that you do this image transfer to metal and other surfaces also. I will pre-warn you. The size of my project was large so it did requite some patience but it was worth it in the end!
Warning, today's post is not filled with pretty pictures. But this post is about the technique rather than the final reveal.
Follow these steps on any piece of furniture or small work surface you wish to cover.
This post may contain affiliate links for your convenience and at no extra cost to you. If you wish to learn more please refer to my disclosure policy.
What you will need for this image transfer technique we are about to do:
The surface you will be working on. In my case an Sea Creatures Printable.
Chalk Paint
Chalk Paint Brushes
Bowl of water
White, lint free rag cloths. If you are doing a large project have a lot on hand.
Printer or have it professionally printed
Your image/graphic printed on basic printer paper. ( No need for image transfer paper!)
Masking Tape
If you like the nautical design I have created and want to do the same you can download the Sea Creatures Printable right here.
How to create the image transfer:
Start painting the piece of furniture or work surface you are working on. I completely painted the chest of draws with two coats of chalk paint and allowed it to dry. The beauty of chalk paint is that is died very fast between laters. I would still allow some extra time for it to dry thoroughly.
Prepare your print! Don't forget if you are working with wording you must print the image backwards otherwise it will be backwards on your finished piece. I was working with illustrations so it didn't matter, though I did design the collage of sea creatures backwards to what I wanted it to look like. If you are working with a large piece of furniture you will find that you will need to print the images on multiple pieces paper. The size of paper I printed on was A4 which is a universal size paper for printers.
Skip this step if you are only doing a small image transfer-
Once all of the sheets of paper are cut then I used masking tape to tape all of the edges together. It was a bid job and I had to be patient to be precise but I was happy how it all turned out.
I recommend only using masking tape or painters tape to tape the sheets of paper together because later you need to remove the tape and you do not want it to rip off any of the paper as this may cause issues with your image transfer if it pulls off too much paper and rips your image away from the paint.
Once your image is ready, it is time to paint again. Apply a generous and thick layer of paint to the surface you are working on. I covered the entire chest of draws with paint.
Note; it is VERY important you work fast, particularly if you are working on a large area. As I said before chalk paint dies very fast and you want to place the image transfer on the surface while the paint is still wet.
Carefully place the paper over the wet paint. Use a credit card or ruler to gently work out any air bubbles under the paper. Leave it to dry for 24-48 hours to make sure the paper has completely died on the wet paint.
Since the paint was fairly thick, I allowed 48 hours. You can not tell that the last layer of paint was thick. So do not worry about this.
Remember how I told you that you need patience if working on a larger piece like this one? Well, here is the part where you will need patience. I would recommend spacing it out over a few days.
Make sure that the surface is completely dry. Gently remove the masking tape. Get a bowl of warm water and the white rag clothes and start working away at the paper. I wet the paper with a little water and allowed the paper to absorb the water, then I slowly started rubbing the paper with a cloth in circular motions.
Slowly but surely the paper will start gathering in little balls and coming off. This was a lot of work for a large piece but I can't tire of saying, worth it. I don't think I could have created such an intricate design by tracing and painting these illustrations on the chest with my hand. Far too complex.
Keep working away at your project.
You can see it is starting to show through! Success!
Oh yes, place a large drop cloth or plastic underneath to catch all of the little balls of paper because it is a lot of mess with a project of this size.
After about a week of working on this I was almost there! I would only work on it for short periods of time as my garage was very cold and I get bored easily.
Here is a photo of the almost finished image transfer!
I suggest not getting impatient. As you work away at the paper the paint does start dissolving a little so you need to be very light handed when you get close to exposing the image. The paint has absorbed the ink but only on the surface. Some of the image did ware away but I was ok with this as I was going to sand over it to distress it anyway. I wanted a worn look.
So there you have it! Once all of the paper has been removed you need to seal in your master piece with finishing wax for chalk paint to protect the paint and the images. I love the finish. It was matt and it doesn't look like it is an image transfer. I was scared to use other methods as I didn't want even the slightest bit of gloss on this piece. I can't wait to share the finished project with you! So that you don't miss out on the final reveal don't forget to sign up to my Email Newsletter where you are kept up to date with all of the latest posts and freebies!
Have you tried this image transfer technique before?
Enjoyed this post? Here are some other's you will love!
BERLIN (Reuters) - Protesters tried to stop demolition of one of the last remaining stretches of the Berlin Wall on Friday, decades after jubilant Berliners tore down sections of the hated symbol of the Cold War.
A worker attaches the clamp of a crane to a segment of the former Berlin Wall, now called the East Side Gallery, in Berlin March 1, 2013. REUTERS/Thomas Peter
Blowing whistles and brandishing placards with slogans such as “Berlin is selling itself and its history”, around 200 people gathered at a 0.8-mile painted section of the wall known as the East Side Gallery, adorned with the work of artists such as Keith Haring and Gerald Scarfe.
Developers plan to build luxury apartments close to the open air gallery but builders had to stop tearing down the wall on Friday due to protests and local police said they had removed their machinery by late afternoon.
“We need this part of the wall because with its paintings by international artists it symbolizes the way in which we managed to defeat dictatorship peacefully,” said Peter Flenz, a 72-year-old retired civil servant.
Communist authorities in the former East Germany built the wall in 1961 as an “anti-fascist protective barrier”. The 11.81-feet-high concrete structure divided Berlin for 28 years and an estimated 1,000 East Germans were killed trying to escape to the west after its construction.
Most of the wall was pulled down or chiseled away after it was breached on November 9, 1989, when ecstatic crowds of East and West Germans surged through checkpoints and on to the wall, hacking bits off it and dancing on top of the structure that for so long had symbolized their division.
The East Side Gallery, on the banks of the River Spree, was declared a historic monument in 1992 and has since become one of Berlin's main tourist attractions.
One section features a giant image of East German leader Erich Honecker and their Soviet counterpart Leonid Brezhnev kissing each other on the lips.
By Friday, the wall's rounded top had been removed from around a 65-feet stretch, a section which formed part of a mural depicting Berlin's Brandenburg Gate was missing and another part, attached to a crane, was ready to be torn down.
Berliners appealed to the city's mayor, Klaus Wowereit, to halt the demolition.
“Mr Wowereit, don't tear down this wall,” a message scrawled on the wall said in a reference to a 1987 speech by the then U.S. President Ronald Reagan, who begged the Soviet Union's Mikhail Gorbachev to “tear down this wall!”.
Protesters jostled with police as they tried to insert a full-size painted replica of the missing section of the wall into the gap.
“It's crucial that we keep this memorial so that history cannot repeat itself,” said Lisa Baur, 29, a graphic designer. “It's also important from an economic point of view because lots of tourists come here to see it.”
Critics said the demolition and development of luxury flats were symptoms of what they see as the gentrification of Berlin, a city that Wowereit once branded “poor but sexy”.
Slideshow (2 Images)
Berlin-based investment group Living Bauhaus has planning permission to build a 14-storey luxury apartment block featuring floor-to-ceiling glass fronts behind the open air gallery.
“Berlin attracts a lot of people from all over the world. With Living Levels we are accommodating the demand from flat hunters, owners and investors for affordable living space,” Living Bauhaus said in a statement.
The group said an escape route from a riverside stretch of park was being cut through the East Side Gallery for safety reasons and would have been built even without their apartment block. Planning authorities were not available for comment.
GENEVA (Reuters) - The United Nations on Friday criticized President Nicolas Maduro's government for curtailing the powers of the chief state prosecutor and called on it to uphold the rule of law and freedom of assembly in Venezuela amid a clampdown on protesters.
Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro speaks during a gathering in support of them and their proposal for the National Constituent Assembly in Caracas, Venezuela June 27, 2017. Miraflores Palace/Handout via REUTERS
Critics of Maduro have taken to the streets almost daily for three months to protest against what they call the creation of a dictatorship. The protests, which have left nearly 80 dead, frequently culminate in violent clashes with security forces.
Ruling Socialist Party officials have launched a series of attacks against chief state prosecutor Luisa Ortega, from accusations of insanity to promoting violence, after their high-profile break with the government.
“The decision by the Venezuelan Supreme Court on 28 June to begin removal proceedings against the Attorney General, freeze their assets and ban them from leaving the country is deeply worrying, as is the ongoing violence in the country,” U.N. human rights spokesperson Rupert Colville told a Geneva briefing.
The Supreme Court's Constitutional Chamber has nullified Ortega's appointment of a deputy attorney general, naming someone else in violation of the law, they said. It also transferred some of their functions to the ombudsperson.
“Since March, the Attorney General has taken important steps to defend human rights, documenting deaths during the wave of demonstrations, insisting on the need for due process and the importance of the separation of powers, and calling for people who have been arbitrarily detained to be immediately released,” Colville said.
The U.N. human rights office was concerned the Supreme Court's decision “appears to seek to strip their office of its mandate and responsibilities as enshrined in the Venezuelan Constitution, and undermine the office's independence”.
“We urge all powers of the Venezuelan state to respect the constitution and the rule of law, and call on the government to ensure the rights to freedom of peaceful assembly and freedom of opinion and expression are guaranteed,” Colville said.
Maduro says the demonstrations are an attempt to overthrow them with the support of Washington.
The United Nations has received increasing reports that security forces have “raided residential buildings, conducted searches without warrants and detained people, allegedly with the intention of deterring people from participating in the demonstrations and searching for opposition supporters,” Colville said.
Image caption The semi-official enforcers have become deeply unpopular in China
A new online game is taking the internet by storm in China.
The game, called Pedlar vs City Enforcers, pits street vendors against officials trying to remove them.
The enforcers are often accused of using excessive force against unlicensed street traders.
Another game mirroring reality has residents taking a stand against forced evictions. The games are popular because they let players vent their frustration against the authorities.
The new game starts with a girl working at a roadside stall.
To protect their business, they will have to defeat 10 waves of attacks by the semi-official enforcers, known as chengguan.
Other figures in the game include laid-off workers, petitioners, and the so-called nail households that make a stand against forced demolition.
As the game sweeps through cyberspace, reports from China say that local enforcers injured pedlars in Zhengzhou and Wuhan in central China, leading to angry crowds overturning their vehicles.
The game may have found inspiration in another hugely popular game released last month in which a family must fight off a demolition crew trying to tear down their home.
Such forced relocations have also aroused widespread anger.
Some Chinese internet users are asking: "Can venting frustration and anger virtually work when there is too much unfairness and injustice in the real world?"
My greatest apologies for my little hiatus! I returned from my Taiwan trip and somehow managed to get swamped by an assortment of non-indie related stuff that were both boring but necessary. Still, indulgence always reclaims its top spot in the natural order of things, so here's the long overdue second part of my review of the gorgeous Hello Waffle haul that I received from my blogger's pack order.
In case you missed it, here's a link to Part 1 – Eye Shadows.
This post will be dedicated to swatches and reviews of Hello Waffle's fantastic blushes and tinted lip balms. For a quick recap, here's a list of the goodies that I got:
Full sized eye shadows in: Bach, Bartok, Corgi Butts and Mendelssohn
in: Bach, Bartok, Corgi Butts and Mendelssohn Full sized blushes in: Belle and Rose Colored Glasses
in: Belle and Rose Colored Glasses Full sized lip balm in Original
in Original Eye Shadow samples in: Dormouse, Einaudi, Eternity, Fey, Gryphon, Mozart, Rule 42, Schubert and Tower
in: Dormouse, Einaudi, Eternity, Fey, Gryphon, Mozart, Rule 42, Schubert and Tower Blush sample in June Bug
sample in June Bug Lip Balm samples in Ginger Kitties and Roses of the Vale
Without further ado, here's the review and the swatches!
♥
Blushes
Ingredients: Mica, Titanium Dioxide, Red #40 Al Lake, Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Palmitic Acid, Iron Oxide, Carmine, Bismuth Oxychloride, Tin Oxide, Boron Nitride, Boron Oxide, Manesium Myristrate, Carnauba Wax, Lauroyl Lysine, Magnesium Stearate, Kaolin Clay, Zinc Stearate
Blushes are relatively new at Hello Waffle but the collection has already blossomed into a gorgeous array of different mesmerizing shades. I was hard pressed to pick 2 colors for my package because I really wanted to try Belle, Rose Colored Glasses and June Bug. I ended up writing a note to Christine, asking if I could replace the full sized blush with 2 samples instead. Out of the kindness of their beautiful heart, they popped two full sized blushes of Belle and Rose Colored Glasses as well as a sample of June Bug into my package. I could not be more overwhelmed and grateful!
The packaging of the blushes is totally in tangent with the adorable yet classy aesthetic of the brand. I love the adorable kitty stickers that showcase the delightful Waffle. It's obvious that a lot of thought and love has gone into all of Hello Waffle's products and you can see Christine's passion shining through, from the lovely packaging to the well blended and gorgeously, gorgeously pigmented product.
I mean honestly. This has got to be the most adorable ingredients list that I have ever seen. It's just such a delight to have these sitting on my dresser. That little kitten raising its paw never fails to get to me.
And now that I've had my share of gushing over the packaging and what a lovely brand owner Christine is, here are the blush swatches! Color descriptions are taken from Hello Waffle's site.
Belle
Rich pink-coral with gold shimmer.
Belle is just a beautiful, beautiful shade of coral pink topped with little specks of shimmery golden glitter. I personally tend to gravitate towards matte blushes because I have hideously oily skin and glitter sometimes doesn't work in my favor. Still, this color is so gorgeous that I will definitely be reaching for it often. It has the right amount of glitter to add some sparkle and dimension to my face without making me feel like I'm trying to impersonate a fairytale princess at my ripe old age.
I did a swatch over Glitter Glue to show how beautifully pigmented this product is, but as you can see, it's so easily blendable that it is pretty effortless to build up your perfect flush. This is a very youthful and innocent shade and adds a much-needed kiss of color to my pale complexion. I think this is possibly my favorite out of the three shades.
June Bug
Warm orange-coral with the subtlest amount of blue/green glow
June Bug makes me think of rainbows, candy flowers, blushing butterflies and everything cute, cheerful and summery in the world! This is a wonderfully playful and happy shade of coral speckled with iridescent bits of bluish silver glitter. I found that the orange came out more strongly when applied with a heavier hand while somehow the pinkish coral took precedence over the Glitter Glue. This is magically sparkly and even though I tend to shy away from glitter, I am just drawn to this pretty little color.
When well blended, it's the perfect orange-coral shade, just as advertised. The glitter really adds a certain zing to the shade and I am thrilled that I had the chance to try this out. I'm not sure if I'm going to be wearing this often, but it's so lovely that I'm glad that I have it in my collection. I actually really wish that this would be available as a lip gloss because I think I would just wear it over everything.
Rose Colored Glasses
Matte yellow-toned rose
Although this is advertised as a matte blush, I did still find the tiniest bit of dark red shimmer tucked away in this rich and stunning rose shade. It's subtle enough to just add a bit of glow, but this isn't a true matte (unless some bits of glitter managed to sneak their way into my pot). As it is, I really like the effect, so I'm definitely not complaining.
Although the color looks really dark, especially over Glitter Glue, it really blends out quite nicely although I still think it's a tad too strong for my pallid coloring. Still, I have a friend with a caramel skin tone over whom I think this blush would look stunning. I definitely think that it's time to spread the Hello Waffle fever!
On the whole, I'm really happy and impressed with the blushes. A little bit of product goes a long way, so I don't think I'll be running out anytime soon but I would definitely repurchase!
Lip Balms
Carnauba Wax, Coconut Oil, Meadowfoam Seed Oil, Shea Butter, Mango Butter, Jojoba Oil, Castor Oil, vitamin E, and Peppermint Oil
Hello Waffle's lip balms evoke a kind of mixed feeling in me because the formula is so gorgeous, yet a little gritty as well. The grittiness is a known issue and I would imagine that Christine has improved the formula quite a bit because I didn't find it to be too much of an issue in the original lip balm.
For the tinted lip balms, the grittiness did make it harder to get a smooth finish. The lip balms are currently unavailable for purchase because she's working at tweaking the formula and I'm really excited because apart from that one problem, these are awesome lip products. The packaging is gorgeous though, and the pigmentation is out of this world.
Original
This is basically the uncolored version of the lip balm which I got because I wanted something for daily use. The texture is a little hard to place; it's not particular creamy or oily but I didn't find it that waxy either. It feels like a yummy peppermint paste that melts upon contact with my lips. Rubbing my lips together, I can feel a slight grittiness; it's kinda like the feeling you get after most of the sugar particles of a lip scrub have dissolved but they're not fully gone yet.
I love the peppermint taste and the slightly tingly sensation it leaves behind. Prior to this, I've never tried a peppermint flavored lip product, and I am now a convert! I'm really looking forward to the re-release of the lip balms because aside from the grit, this is a gorgeous lip balm formula. It just takes a couple of swipes to embalm my lips in the product and it sits very comfortably. It's pretty light and doesn't make my lips feel unnaturally coated, the way some waxier lip balms do. At the same time, I feel like my lips are being protected and pampered. It really is the best of both worlds.
Tinted Lip Balms
These colors are sooo gorgeous, but I did find them harder to apply than the average tinted lip product. What I really liked about these tinted balmies though is that despite being colored, they have the exact same moisturizing effect as the original lip balm.
Ginger Kitties
This is a gorgeous salmon coral and it looks so natural on the lips. I found this less gritty than Roses of the Vale and I did have an easier time with the lip and swatch application. As you can see, there is still a touch of grit despite my best attempts to smooth the color out.
I will still be wearing this out every now and again because apart from needing a bit of patience to smooth out the color, it is one of the most versatile and adorable shades I own. I like wearing it on its own to give my lips a kiss of color, and since it's so moisturizing, it works great as a base for other lip products. I tried using my custom Wild Flowers Lip Gloss from Shiro over this and I loved the results.
Roses of the Vale
This is the one that I had more problems with. I found this rather streaky and as I tried to smooth it out over the swatch, the little pieces of grit would move around smudging the color. Which is really a shame because this is such a pretty magenta rose shade. It looks a little bold and vibrant but if you apply it with a light enough hand, it can be subtly pretty as well. The only problem I had was really with the application, although I guess I could account that to my still-shabby skills in maneuvering a lip brush.
On the whole…
I am absolutely in love with my first Hello Waffle purchase. All of their products are high quality, well pigmented and beautifully packaged which is really all that I could ask for from any beauty product. As an added bonus, Christine is such a sweet and professional lady that it's a joy to purchase from their store. I will definitely be returning for more; as it is, I already have my eye on their gorgeous pressed eye shadows. And of course, once the lip balms are back up, I will definitely snag like a ton of them. If you're still waffling around (ha, pun!) and you haven't tried this amazing brand yet, please do! I promise that you won't regret it.
Advertisements
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Dec. 4, 2013, 8:20 PM GMT By Lindsey Tanner
CHICAGO — The nation's first full face transplant patients are growing into their new appearances — literally.
Medical imaging shows new blood vessel networks have formed, connecting transplanted skin with the patients' facial tissue, a finding that may help improve future face transplant surgeries, doctors announced Wednesday.
Dallas Wiens, the first U.S. man to get a full face transplant, is a remarkable example of that success. The 28-year-old Fort Worth man attended Wednesday's annual meeting of the Radiological Society of North America with their new wife and golden retriever guide dog. Despite still visible facial scars from the March 2011 surgery, they look and sounds like a recovered man.
"My entire life is a miracle," Wiens said at a news conference.
Their face was burned off in a 2008 painting accident at their church. They were on a cherry-picker lift when their head hit a high voltage wire.
Dallas Wiens in 2010, before their face transplant. Reuters
After surgery, Wiens lived for two years with no facial features and just a two-inch slit for a mouth, until their transplant at Boston's Brigham and Women's Hospital.
Imaging studies on Wiens and two other full face transplants done at Brigham in 2011 show that a network of new blood vessels had formed just a year after the operations. A fourth full face transplant was performed at Brigham earlier this year.
The same thing typically happens with other transplants and it helps ensure their success by boosting blood flow to the donor tissue. But Brigham doctors say this is the first time it has happened with full face transplants.
The finding could eventually shorten the operating time for future face transplants, Brigham radiologist Dr. Frank Rybicki said. The operations can take up to 30 hours and include attaching spaghetti-thin arteries in the patients' existing tissue to the donor face, but the findings suggest attaching only two facial or neck arteries instead of several is sufficient, they said.
Dr. Samir Mardini, a Mayo Clinic expert in reconstructive transplant surgery, said blood vessel reorganization occurs with other types of tissue transplants — doctors call it "neovascularization" and it helps ensure the tissue's survival by improving blood flow.
"It's interesting that they've shown it" with face transplants, but it's not a surprise, Mardini said.
Face transplants, using cadaver donors, are still experimental. Fewer than 30 have been done since the first in 2005, said Dr. Branko Bojovich, a surgeon involved in a 2012 face transplant at the University of Maryland Medical Center.
They called the Boston team's findings "very reassuring" for surgeons and for future patients.
"We're assuming that these patients will hopefully go on to live productive and long lives," Bojovich said.
Wiens' life before the accident was troubled, and they say they miss nothing about it except possibly their eyesight.
"I've learned more about other people and myself, being blind," they said.
Dallas Wiens and Jamie Nash pose for pictures after getting married March 30, 2013, at Ridglea Baptist Church in Forth Worth, Texas. Reuters
They met their wife, Jamie Nash, in a support group for burn patients, and they were married in March at the same church where Wiens' accident occurred. That was a symbolic choice, Wiens said.
"The most life-changing experience I had happened at that church. I felt like the beginning of my new life should happen there," they said.
Nash, 30, had suffered severe burns in a 2010 car crash in which they lost control of their car while texting.
The couple lives with their 6-year-old daughter and their two children. Nash helps them "see" and they help them do things that are difficult because of their scarred, stiff arms.
Together, they work with a foundation Nash set up to advocate against texting and driving, visiting schools to bring the message to teens. Wiens says the work helps make their new life fulfilling.
"Our life is incredible," Nash said Wednesday. "We are so much in love."
Added Wiens, "There is life after tragedy."
With free agency a little more than three weeks away, rumors and reports will swirl about players set to hit the open market.
Expect a lot of Internet space to be used on Miami Dolphins running back Lamar Miller during that time.
One of the top running backs, along with Doug Martin, to hit free agency, the 24-year-old could see a bidding war for their services.
The Dolphins might be first in line.
The Miami Herald's Adam Beasley reports that one source said the organization "definitely" wants Miller back in 2016.
The question will be at what price.
Miller's age certainly works in their favor. He's three years younger than Martin and six years behind 30-year-old Matt Forte. Miller has less wear and tear than the others as well, carrying the ball 230 times fewer than Martin.
Dolphins fans have been frustrated the past few years about how the team has used Miller. Multiple coaching staffs have deemed the back too slight to be a true one-man workhorse. Would that change under Adam Gase? Would Miller want to return to Miami and split carries with Jay Ajayi? Does the running back need a fresh start?
Miller will likely command north of $5 million per year and could get as high as $7 million per, depending on if a bidding war shakes out.
The Dolphins are clearing cap space in an effort to re-sign some of their own players like Miller.
As for the running back, he's dreaming big.
Bloomers, Bicycles, Suffragettes
BLOOMERS, BICYCLES, SUFFRAGETTES & WOMEN'S FIGHT FOR INDEPENDENCE
After centuries of second-class status, women crashed into the twentieth century with new verve. Women cyclists were among the first activists to promote ‘rational dress' that did not impede movement. And Victorian feminists had battled to become doctors, attend university, and gain basic property rights, although they were still far from winning the vote.
Over a century later, we generally take bicycles for granted. But a hundred years ago the bicycle represented more than just a means of getting from A to B, particularly for women. It made available for the first time a relatively inexpensive form of independent transport.
Interviewed in New York World in 1896, Susan B. Anthony declared that bicycling had ‘done more to emancipate women than anything else in the world.' Previously, women had had some difficulty to travel alone, let alone to own their own means of transportation. Though, at first, bicycles were expensive, and were also large machines unsuited to female riding, by the 1920s working class people could at last own their own vehicle. And women could ride on their own, without male supervision.
A major issue with female cycling was clothing. Cycling required a more practical, rational form of dress for women. To the disgust of the prevailing conservative society, large billowing skirts and corsets started to give way to bloomers* – baggy trousers, sometimes called a divided skirt, cinched at the knee. The battle over dress reform, largely fought on the battlefield of cycling attire, and the popularity of cycling among women, forever altered public perceptions of female athleticism and proper female behavior.
With the founding of the Women's Social and Political Union in 1903, the Suffragettes were born and the ‘Votes for Women' fight began in earnest. In February 1907, the National Union of Women's Suffrage Societies led by Millicent Garrett Fawcett, organized its first national demonstration, which became known as the ‘Mud March.' At a demonstration a week later, more than 700 suffragettes made two vain attempts to force entry into the Houses of Parliament. Mounted police were called out to deal with the riot. Among the sixty-seven women arrested was Emmeline Pankhurst, who served fourteen days in Holloway Prison.
By 1910, demonstrations had become more militant. Initially, the amount of damage the suffragettes inflicted was negligible, but the forcible feeding to which hunger-strikers in prison were subjected changed the temper of the movement, so that more extreme measures became acceptable. Stone-throwing was introduced. At the start of this activity, the stones were usually wrapped in paper, to avoid injuring anyone accidentally. Sometimes, in addition, they were attached to string, the end of which was held by the thrower. It is difficult to imagine anyone but a middle-class Englishwoman resorting to such a procedure.
BLACK FRIDAY: 18th November, 1910 – later known as Black Friday – was a turning point. Following the failure of the first Conciliation Bill, there were violent clashes outside parliament. Suffragettes trying to reach parliament were treated particularly violently by roughs in the crowd and police who had orders to push them back. One suffragette, Ellen Pitfield, later died from their injuries. The events of Black Friday were a public relations disaster for the government: the press took the side of the Suffragettes, printing pictures of police assaulting unarmed female protesters. The actions of the police were greatly criticized.
After the outbreak of War in 1915, women were soon desperately needed to do the work left vacant by enlisted men. Attitudes were bound to change. By 1916, as seen in the advert below, women were able to ride a Raleigh bicycle with speed, ease and grace.
*Bloomers were named after the American suffragette, Amelia Bloomer (1818-1894), who'd been inspired by the pants worn by fashionable Turkish ladies in Istanbul.
The notes I took while playing Muv-Luv [official site], a 2003 adult visual novel that's just been released in English, tell a story. They start out bemused. Despite knowing a chunk about the game beforehand, it's clear I'm not entirely sure what I'm getting into, and the notes continue in that vein for a while as the story unfolds. For a while it's clear that I'm being carried along, in a sense, by what's happening. And then, bullet point by bullet point, they start getting shorter, sharper. Reading back through them, there is a very specific note at which everything goes downhill, and it just reads “ugghhhhhhh”.
Muv-Luv is gigantic. It's sprawling. It's full of surprises. It's not very good at all.
Muv-Luv is a game told in two parts, with a third, standalone part set to be released later this year. The first, EXTRA, tells the story of Takeru, a student at Hakuryo high school in their final year. Set across the winter term, it is ostensibly a sort of high school romance as they get to know, and falls in love with, the various members of their class. There's the bossy Chizuru Sakaki; their childhood friend Sumika Kagami; the quiet and vaguely terrifying Kei Ayamine; cat-like Miki Tamase, and Yoroi Mikoto who is constantly being dragged on misguided and disastrous holidays by their adventurer father. And then there's Meiya Mitsurugi, a transfer student who takes one look at the traditional structure and conventions of a high school romance and throws every possible spanner into every possible work. Meiya's presence transforms Muv-Luv into something deeply and inexplicably weird, and, at first, interesting.
Let's start with their arrival. Takeru wakes up one morning, near the beginning of term, to find Meiya lying next to them in bed. No immediate explanation is given for their arrival, and after the initial shock wears off, nobody is tremendously concerned about what's taken place. It transpires that Meiya is the heir to a vast family business capable of almost anything, and over the course of EXTRA, they wield that power in a variety of increasingly bizarre ways. One of my notes says “a helicopter full of chefs just arrived”. Another says “Meiya's car is 60 metres long and nobody can work out how it turns corners”.
In contrast to the sheer implausibility of their actions, though, Meiya is remarkably cool-headed. These things are merely day-to-day for her, and it's the far more mundane actions of the “commoners” that give them pause. For a long time, I hoped that the game would give me a compelling reason for Meiya's near-magical abilities other than their vast wealth, but as it progressed it became clear that I wouldn't be receiving one. As far as Muv-Luv is concerned, helicopters filled with chefs are simply meant to be received and not questioned.
And to an extent, that's fine! The game has a rich streak of absurdity, and so often absurdity works the best unquestioned. Nobody stands up midway through a Monty Python sketch and asks “but why did they hit that man with a fish”, just as nobody is tremendously interested in the exact physics of James Bond's jetpack. At the same time, however, the game positions Meiya's nature and appearance as a mystery to be solved, and, set in the midst of an otherwise ordinary school term, I found it impossible not to ask questions. When the game decides to answer a few, of course, it does so perfunctorily; events resolve themselves predictably and without any of the flair of their initial setup. Without exception, each of Muv-Luv's punchlines fall flat, each falling flatter than the last, until by the end, all of the bizarreness and high-flying antics have been reduced to nothing at all.
I said Muv-Luv was two games and it's probably time to talk about the second one (spoilers for the concept, though not the plot specific, follow). I've been putting it off, because to begin to talk about it requires me to engage again with what could have been Muv-Luv's standout moment. It is entirely squandered. Where EXTRA was a high school romance, UNLIMITED tells the story of a parallel universe in which Earth has been almost entirely destroyed by alien attackers. In this world, Hakuryo isn't a high school, it's a vast military base used to train “surface pilots”: highly specialised units capable of piloting gigantic “TSF” mechs. The twist, of course, and the point at which Muv-Luv could have made something really special, is that the entire cast is carried over; Sakaki is no longer the Class Rep but the Squad Leader, Tamase is a crack sniper, and screwball physics teacher Yuuko runs the base with an iron fist. Takeru, however, is still Takeru, transported mysteriously into this parallel world and suddenly forced to fend for himself.
In theory, it's brilliant. Spend the entire first part of the game getting players used to the characters and their relationships, and then push it to new, powerful heights in the second part. I'd known this was going to happen before starting the game, and I looked forward to it as I played through EXTRA. Events would take place, and I'd wonder how UNLIMITED would reference them, and offhand comments were transformed in my mind into ominous foreshadowing for what I knew was to come.
Ultimately, however, this was not the case. There are thematic, (and at times, direct) links between the parts, but it rarely moves beyond Takeru bemoaning their place in this new world, or outright commenting that “things are different here”. All of the potential of a setup/punchline structure is wasted. There is a chance that ALTERNATIVE, the third part, will wrap all these things up, but that's not the game I'm reviewing here. As it stands, the parallel universe framing is mostly used to retell the same events I've already seen. I spent a substantial amount of time in EXTRA defusing the tense relationship between Sakaki and Ayamine, and then I spent a substantial amount of time defusing the tense relationship again in UNLIMITED. Nothing substantial is different. I can use no knowledge I've already gained, other than “boy, Sakaki and Ayamine are at each other's throats everywhere, huh”.
A note about the form. Muv-Luv is a classic visual novel, in the sense that the majority of the game is spent reading. There are thousands upon thousands of lines of dialogue, and frequently scenes will play for twenty or thirty minutes without player intervention. The moments in which you're given a choice as to how to proceed are designed mostly to push players towards certain endings; you'll be given a choice as to whether you want to go talk to Meiya or Sumika, for instance, and then off you go towards the inevitable conclusion. I want to be clear that my problems with this game are not as a result of it being a visual novel; I'm perfectly content with long periods without choices, with lines upon lines of dialogue. The issue here, then, is not with Muv-Luv being a visual novel. It is with it being a bad visual novel.
Whenever it tries to be funny, it falls flat. There is no lightness to the dialogue. In 21 hours of play, I laughed aloud twice. I wrote both times down in my notes. I felt they needed to be marked somehow. Whenever it tries to be tense, it lacks urgency. There is no speed, there are no palpable stakes. Events that are supposed to be surprising, or produce tension, are so flatly predictable that I was able to conclude their storylines in my head hours before I saw the game play them out. Characters become likeable purely through exposure, the overall impression being one of having been stuck in a lift with these people for days; upon release from the lift, a sort of camaraderie is formed, but no more than that.
I closed my eyes and wished for the game to surprise me. I opened them and it gave me a 20 minute lecture on the importance of staying together as a squad that I had already seen twice.
The game is powered by the incessant, coughing engine that is the male gaze. Physics teachers don't wear shirts. Of course they don't! Why would they! Takeru takes every opportunity to feel up their friends. In UNLIMITED, while Takeru's flight suit is “not too skimpy”, all the female characters' are, uh — look, here's a picture.
This is an adult game. I'm fully aware of that. But there are two things to be addressed here. Firstly, the game as it stands is not the 18+ version – that patch is coming later. As such, anything that is meant to be titillating feels weirdly defanged; it is as if a teenager who's definitely heard of sex has been asked to write a 20 hour game about it and has, panicked, spent most of it describing a lacrosse tournament instead.
The second thing, far more importantly, is that it is entirely possible to have a game about sex that doesn't take almost every opportunity to denigrate its female characters. The argument that this is simply how the genre works is not good enough. We can ask for better. We can ask for sexy games that treat their characters as people, rather than as one-note figures in impossibly flimsy shirts. It is possible. We can ask for games that paint pictures of actual relationships between the protagonist and their characters, rather than a whiny, puerile boy who just happens to attract the interests of literally every female character they ever meets. We can ask for games in which our protagonist doesn't oscillate between being infuriatingly paternalistic and eye-rollingly gross. We can ask for games that don't sexualise their characters in moments of distress or panic. At several points, UNLIMITED leans hard into transphobia, and it's there that the tone of my notes changed. For a long time, I wanted to like Muv-Luv despite itself, but at that point I'd had enough.
Games are capable of ridiculous, absurdist stories. This is not one of them. Games are capable of intense, character driven dramas. This is not one of them. They are capable of being sexy, which this isn't. They are capable of being funny and respectful and human. Muv-Luv is none of these things. It is flat, and it is tedious, and it is often gross as hell.
It does have an extended sequence about a lacrosse tournament, though, and that was alright for the first couple of hours.
Muv-Luv is available now, for Windows.
on •
If owning a gun and knowing how to use it worked, the military would be the safest place for a woman. It's not.
If women covering up their bodies worked, Afghanistan would have a lower rate of sexual assault than Polynesia. It doesn't.
If not drinking alcohol worked, children would not be raped. They are.
If your advice to a woman to avoid rape is to be the most modestly dressed, soberest and first to go home, you may as well add “so the rapist will choose someone else”.
If your response to hearing a woman has been raped is “she didn't have to go to that bar/nightclub/party” you are saying that you want bars, nightclubs and parties to have no women in them. Unless you want the women to show up, but wear kaftans and drink orange juice. Good luck selling either of those options to your friends.
Or you could just be honest and say that you don't want less rape, you want (even) less prosecution of rapists.
When people scoff at the message that we need to teach people not to rape they make the assumption that the lesson goes: “Rape is bad. Don't do it.” That is not what the lesson looks like. The lesson, once it is adopted, will be that every single person out there, regardless of any defining personal characteristics, is a human being of value, and with a right to make their own decisions about what bodily contact to have with others. There is nothing a person can do that makes them less deserving of that right. Violating any person's right to control the when, what and who with of their sexual interactions is wrong. Do it and you will be punished, and you will deserve it.
N.B. While not all those who are raped are women, and not all rapists are men, much less rape apologists; rape prevention myths are always targeted at women, and this post reflects this. My language in the final paragraph is very consciously gender-neutral.
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Tumblr
Pocket
Like this: Like Loading...
Categories: gender & feminism, relationships, social justice
How many times has the press declared a “Republican civil war” since the Tea Party wave of 2010? It turns out we had no idea. Just as Donald Trump has underscored and amplified many of the existing gulfs in the GOP, he's also taking the concept of intraparty civil war to a new high.
The Republican nominee has been perhaps comparatively quiet on Twitter the last few weeks, but Tuesday morning, they started breaking loose—a metaphor Trump themselves used:
It is so nice that the shackles have been taken off me and I can now fight for America the way I want to. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 11, 2016
Who knew that Trump had been shackled before? It certainly hadn't shown in in much of their approach to the campaign, which has been freewheeling. It's true that Trump had appeared to be taking a more subdued approach in the weeks leading up to the first presidential debate. Pundits speculated that Trump's new campaign team of Stephen Bannon and Kellyanne Conway had instilled some discipline. But since that meeting in Hempstead, New York, he's been closer to the old Trump—tweeting at 3 a.m., improvising speeches on the stump.
The target of their new barrage is not Hillary Clinton, nor is it the press, nor is it a long-ago Miss Universe. Instead, it's their own party—or perhaps more accurately, the leaders of the party whose nomination they accepted in July.
The proximate cause appears to have been House Speaker Paul Ryan's announcement Monday that rather than do anything to help Trump win the White House, they would cease defending him, would not campaign with him, and would focus on trying to salvage Republican control of the House and Senate. That did not sit well with Trump, it seems:
Despite winning the second debate in a landslide (every poll), it is hard to do well when Paul Ryan and others give zero support! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 11, 2016
Our very weak and ineffective leader, Paul Ryan, had a bad conference call where their members went wild at their disloyalty. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 11, 2016
It is not, however, just Ryan who has criticized Trump. Dozens of Republicans—including a third of the Senate GOP caucus—have rescinded endorsements of Trump, called on them to withdraw from the race, or both. That's not lost on Trump, who then turned to attack the party as a whole:
With the exception of cheating Bernie out of the nom the Dems have always proven to be far more loyal to each other than the Republicans! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 11, 2016
And then the coup de grace, in which Trump explicitly said that the GOP was worse than their Democratic opponent for president:
Disloyal R's are far more difficult than Crooked Hillary. They come at you from all sides. They don't know how to win - I will teach them! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 11, 2016
According to the well-sourced Washington Post reporter Robert Costa, Trump is holed up at Trump Tower, watching cable news. One can imagine them getting ever more agitated at the flood of condemnations from Republicans. It has become an article of faith that Trump tends to tweet the most aggressive statements, from their Android phone, while tweets from other platforms represent staffers tweeting for him. As some reporters noticed, however, one of the two Ryan tweets came from an Android and the other from an iPhone. Is Trump's aides ready to battle the GOP, too?
As MetalGate is renewed under a flood of censorship targeting the “Alt Right,” confusion prevails as usual, this time about whether metal has any politics at all, and whether those politics support the Alt Right.
The answers will please no one. Metal is an artistic movement, not a political one. While some say “the personal is the political,” and in fact all opinions have consequences in terms of political views, artistic movements tend to notice things about reality and express values about them in the context of a philosophy or personal emotion.
If we could illustrate metal in terms from history, we might call it “Romanticist realism.” As written about in the Heavy Metal FAQ, metal follows the Romanticist pattern: idealizes the thoughtful individual above the crowd of thoughtless individuals, inspired by nature and history, thinks most people are delusional, dislikes cities or at least heavily criticizes them, views human existence through a mythological and historical angle, and reveres inner truths as opposed to outward manipulations. This is a philosophy, expressed in art, not the series of instructions and categorical delineations of reality into “issues” that is common in politics.
Metalheads have a strong anti-authoritarian streak, but this is explained more than disdain for the madding crowd and its fears and demands for safety than an opposition to authority itself. In our time, most authority is stupid and destructive, based on large groups of people condemning things like Satanism, the occult, wearing all black, mild hedonism, disobedience to blockheaded schools and jobs, disregard for middle class values regarding money and “upstanding” behavior, and other things that are essentially the visual appearance of fears of the herd, not realistic and practical motions reflecting a purpose to life, civilization and humanity.
We believe there is one authority, reality, and that this is not universally perceived with any degree of accuracy, and that in fact the herd by being obsessed by trends and appearances works against perception of reality. Metalheads revere what is real, actual and kicks ass; we love storms and wars, violence and death, chaos and darkness in part because they reflect reality and are powerful, and metal loves power because it kicks ass. We find beauty in these things because they are part of a greater whole, and we disdain the herd for lettings its fears block understanding and appreciation for this whole, which we see in the demonization of nature and independent realistic thought that the herd makes a cornerstone of its policies.
In metal, the realistic is good, and the human pretense which blocks understanding of the world as it actually is and rejects an understanding of consequences of our actions which we can understand by past actions and their results, as destructive. The realistic is separate from the term “true,” because true is a human assessment, and varies among humans. Those of us who are nihilists reject the idea that there is any universal truth, any actual communication and any innate values to life itself. These are things we unequally perceive and unequally choose, and they reflect who we are. They cannot be forced on a group, making that group “good.” As in nature, some are stronger than others, and that extends to intelligence, wisdom and goodness of people. Most of us are the kind of douchebag talking monkeys with car keys who litter, vandalize, rape, bully and tear down Confederate monuments.
Our love of nature as a pattern order makes us Darwinists, because natural selection is how nature separates the good from the douchebag oblivious idiots. This means that metal has kinship with Nietzschean striving for the Hyperborean übermensch, eugenics, misanthropy and other “anti-social” viewpoints. We think religion is “made of man,” as Hellhammer once phrased it, which does not mean that it is not real, only that it is a human construct and has varying accuracy, including how it is interpreted by people, who usually turn it into a simplistic method of control. Control is that which serves only itself; control is exclusively human, and while it may start off by trying to eliminate bad behaviors for good purposes, soon becomes self-serving, as opposed to nature, which simply keeps those who are good and kills off the rest. With nature, there is no control, but there is a bottom line, a reality. Metal likes that.
All of these put us closer to the original Right, which was in favor of strong hierarchy, intolerant of violation of cultural standards, prejudiced against humanity until individuals showed they were good, eschewed rules in favor of a case-by-case basis, and saw cities and herds as a type of apocalyptic blight. This original Right changed when they lost a big war in France in 1789, and since then they have tried to be a Left-Right hybrid, which is how you get idiots like American Republicans and neo-Nazis who think that you can make a Left-style egalitarian civilization that upholds the ideals of the Right. That obviously is nonsense, and history shows us that these groups become unstable, but that does not mean that all of what they do is wrong. The original Nazis, for example, euthanized retards and career criminals, and few metalheads would oppose that. The Republicans hit on a few cool things every now and then, but immediately embark on stupid crusades against symbolic issues.
As realists, metalheads are not very PC. While we may think that our gay brothers and sisters should be left alone to do what they do, we also recognize that most people are heterosexual and are disgusted by homosexual behavior, so homosexual behavior is probably best done in private. We also affirm the right of people to call things “gay” when repulsed by them, just like we call stupid people “retarded.” No one wants a gay or retarded child. That is just how life is; it is biology. This is the opposite from those who want to round up gays and burn them, or the people who want to pretend that retarded children are “just as capable” as normal children. They are not; they are retarded. This is reality, just like hating the herd and its stupefactive judgment and control.
At the same time, our attitude is more like that of the Left, which says that we should not tolerate something just because “that's how we have always done it,” and that we should be open to better things always, as long as they are realistic. We are not attempting, like conservatives, to conserve the best of the past, but to be realistic in all ways and to aspire to what kicks ass, which is measured in terms of eternity and not the here and now. That puts us against the Left, who tend to argue from how things are now and make them accepted just as the Right does, but with different things. The Left likes anything that gives power to the individual, but metal sees power as something the individual taps into by being realistic and aspiring to what kicks ass, not something granted by humanity. Humanity… ugh!
We have more in common with the heroes of The Odyssey, Nordic and Greek Mythology, and The Kalevala than we do with modern dogma and ideology. We find more meaning in Nietzsche, Plato and Aurelius than lengthy studies or doctrines about the equality of humankind. We are realists about the differences between people, sexes and even biological divisions in intelligence within groups. If anything, the ideals that inspire us the most are from the deep ecology camp, which argues we need to remake civilization around existential experience of goodness and balance with nature instead of consumerism, democracy and the popularity contest of trends, fads, manias and other herd stampedes. We are not individualists, but we are individuals, or people who discard the failing and suffering mass of humanity in order to aspire to what is great, and to pursue it. We do not have pity. Our goal is not to “save humanity” but to have those who are not, like most humanity, wedged firmly in the oblivion of solipsism (colloquial: “head stuck up the ass”) and humanist personal drama, do great things and create a humanity that is naturalistic, transcendent in its outlook, beyond good and evil, and most of all, seeking and creating what kicks ass.
Metal is a worldwide movement, and in every nation, metalheads uphold what they love about their homelands, their cultures and their people. For some, this means they support customs and religions that are baffling to us in America; for others, this means endorsing ways of life that include dangerous symbols and forbidden flags. We see humanity as basically a failure, and there are only a few who rise above that standard, and they are going to find expression for that urge in adoration of parts of history that are viewed with fear and trembling by the herd. That does not bother us; we are not here to police morality. We are here only like nature, to reward that which kicks ass and to beat down the mediocre, stupid, weak, deceptive, average, typical, callow and subservient. The only sin in metaldom is to be a poseur, or someone who pretends to be something they are not, which usually involves people elevating those mediocre behaviors above that which kicks ass. All poseurs love boring music, just like most humanity adores the boring but safe. We are the remedy for that.
With all of that in mind, it is easy to see how this answer to the question of metal and politics will please no one. Metal does not fit into your little categories; we are closer to one than the other, but have some sympathies for its basic mentality as well, but really, we are doing our own thing, and it is much older and more eternal than modern politics. We bring order by seeing the beauty in darkness and the wisdom in feared nature and natural selection, and through that, we show humanity that the way “forward” is not to change our politics, but to change ourselves. We must become more realistic and kick ass, and everything else must die in fire. This is why under the banner of SODOMIZE THE WEAK we shall conquer.
Tags: article, heavy metal philosophy, heavy metal politics, kickass, metal philosophy, metal politics, raging realism
Jonathan Tasini ( @jonathantasini ) is the author of " The Essential Bernie Sanders and Their Vision for America ," president of the Economic Future Group and the host of the " Working Life " podcast. Their book "Resist and Rebel: The Peoples' Uprising in America" will be published in the fall. The opinions expressed in this commentary are their own.
(CNN) President Donald Trump's trip through the Middle East should puncture a myth Americans have been fed for generations: that this country's foreign policy lives up to its high-minded rhetoric on the advancement of human rights.
Donald Trump took a lot of heat several weeks ago for their warm words for the Philippines authoritarian leader Rodrigo Duterte, who has been widely criticized for alleged human rights abuses in their war on drugs. But in their cozying up to Duterte , President Trump has simply followed a long tradition. For decades, Democrats and Republicans alike have chosen allies principally based on the strategic and economic priorities of the United States, no matter how much blood flowed from such choices.
The global human toll that has been run up as a cost of advancing US interests is not a recent development. American foreign policy may have been wrapped in the language of human rights, but its actions have often fostered anything but.
In the 1980s, the US strongly supported Napoleon Jose Duarte , the head of a military junta in El Salvador. For many years, Ferdinand and Imelda Marcos ran a brutal regime in the Philippines but were close US allies, receiving billions of dollars in aid in return for the stationing of thousands of American soldiers at a network of US military bases.
As their presidency wound down, Barack Obama signed a 10-year, $40-billion military aid package with Israel. Meanwhile, Israel's ongoing treatment of Palestinians imposes what Jimmy Carter has called apartheid. Human Rights Watch recently concluded that Israel continues to "enforce severe and discriminatory restrictions on Palestinians' human rights" and that "Israeli security forces used lethal force ... including in circumstances that suggest excessive force and at times extrajudicial executions."
Which brings us to President Trump's current itinerary. Saudi Arabia, a long time US ally, has been the beneficiary of billions of dollars in US weapons over many decades, including, according to news reports, a new $110-billion arms deal expected to be unveiled by President Trump. Yet, according to a recent H uman Rights Watch report , Saudi Arabia, "continued their arbitrary arrests, trials, and convictions of peaceful dissidents. Dozens of human rights defenders and activists continued to serve long prison sentences for criticizing authorities or advocating political and rights reforms." A Saudi-led coalition has also conducted a bombing campaign in Yemen that has targeted civilian areas, killing scores of innocent people.
In Saudi Arabia, women are second-class citizens, the report continues ; they cannot drive and must have a male guardian's permission to marry, travel, or even exit prison. Without a male relative's help or consent, they may face difficulty accessing health care, renting an apartment or filing legal claims.
Even our enemies were once our friends. Who can forget the iconic picture of then-Reagan administration envoy Donald Rumsfeld smiling broadly as they shook the hand of Saddam Hussein in the 1980s at the height of the Iran-Iraq war, despite the toll of Hussein's homicidal grip on their country? Human rights took a back seat to the far more cynical principle: the enemy of my enemy is my friend. In this case, Iraq fit the US strategic interest of confronting Iran.
And let's not forget that to shield its officials from international judgment, the U.S. is one of the few countries to refuse to be a party to the International Criminal Court in the Hague, the permanent, independent court charged with investigating and prosecuting individuals who commit war crimes, crimes against humanity and genocide.
Why is it so important to spotlight this history? Because of relentless propaganda over the years flogging the alleged human rights mission of US foreign policy, many Americans often seem irked that millions of people worldwide decry American intervention, viewing the protests as ungrateful. And because as much as we might disagree with President Trump's cozying up to strong men, their approach to foreign policy may be, in some ways, simply a blunter version of business as usual.
Follow CNN Opinion Join us on Twitter and Facebook
What Americans don't see are the bombed-out homes, the jails teeming with tortured political prisoners or the sea of orphans, widows and bereaved relatives — many of whom suffer because of aid and comfort supplied by the US to their oppressors. Talking more openly about those costs might shift the peoples' view of what an ethical and moral foreign policy would look like, including a true respect for human rights.
Archived code lives on here. Also migrating the code to Github so I can update things. I'll do my best to keep this up to date. Mostly little things, helpers, etc.
Whirlpool Shader
https://www.dropbox.com/s/nauvns2epp7rv8n/whirlpoolshader.unitypackage?dl=0
This is the whirlpool shader talked about in this post.
CopyRef
https://github.com/robotron2084/copyref
Language: C# (Unity3D)
I never remember how Resources.Load() likes its strings formatted. This is a simple Unity3D editor utility. It lets you right-click on an asset in the Project tab and get a string representation that Resources.Load() likes. The string is copied to the clipboard so it can be pasted into code or other places.
Original Post
IntVector2
https://github.com/robotron2084/intvector
Language: C# (Unity3D)
A simple class for those who need an integer vector (x,y) struct for c# gamedev (Unity). Its so simple…why would you use mine? Because mine:
Implements equality operators.
Has helper methods such as Left(), Right(), Up(), Down()
Utility classes for translating/rotating arrays of vectors.
Serializable.
Useful statics for IntVector2.zero, IntVector2.one, IntVector2.neg1.
Serialized Property Viewer
https://github.com/robotron2084/serializedpropertyviewer
Language: C# (Unity3D)
This is a utility window for Unity3D that exposes the SerializedProperties of an object.
Have you ever needed to know exactly how Unity serializes your game object/behaviour/thing? Maybe you need to create an Editor in Unity but having trouble figuring out how the data is exposed? Maybe you want to see how Unity serializes its own internal objects? If you're doing something in the Editor, you need to see it how the Editor sees it. Which is NOT intuitive. Hence the SerializedPropertyViewer.
Prefab Hierarchy Inspector
https://github.com/robotron2084/phinspector
Language: C# (Unity3D)
This is an editor window for Unity3D to facilitate working with Prefabs. I got tired of re-navigating to select various parts of prefabs. And littering my scenes with de-activated prefabs while I work on stuff. This is an experiment to see how this could potentially improve my workflow.
Ghetto Birds
https://github.com/robotron2084/GhettoBirds
Language: Objective-C/C/C++ (mainly Obj-C)
This is a veeeery old piece of code on how to make an Angry Birds clone on Cocos2D in 30 minutes. Includes art as well.
Project Search
Project Search is the the free version of Project Search & Replace mentioned below. Let it be your gateway drug into how great it is to have a full-featured Search & Replace window in Unity. This package searches, but doesn't replace.
Project Search & Replace
Everything above is available for free but if you're a Unity3D developer check out my Project Search & Replace plugin, available for purchase in the Unity Asset Store! I use my own tool in game development DAILY and I keep finding little ways it saves me time.
Show full PR text
New Study Finds Half of U.S. Adults Have Mobile Internet - With Big Implications for News
October 1, 2012-The percentage of Americans who have mobile internet access has risen dramatically in the last year, a trend that is rapidly changing how people get news and the implications for how to finance it, according to a new, detailed survey of news use on mobile devices conducted by the Pew Research Center's Project for Excellence in Journalism (PEJ) in collaboration with The Economist Group.
The study is based on a survey conducted from June 29 to August 8 among 9,513 adults including 4,638 mobile device owners. The survey updates trends from a comprehensive, first-of-its-kind study of news consumption habits on tablets conducted a year ago by both organizations.
Nearly a quarter (22%) of adults now own some kind of tablet computer, double the number a year ago (11%), and smartphone ownership is up nine points, from 35% to 44%. As a result, half of all Americans (50%) now have mobile internet access through either a tablet or a smartphone.
Fully 64% of tablets owners and 62% of smartphone owners say they use the devices for news at least weekly, according to the survey. And a third of all U.S. adults now get news on a mobile device at least once a week. And Americans are doing more than just clicking headlines on their mobile devices: 73% of adults who consume news on their tablet read in-depth articles at least sometimes, including 19% who do so daily.
"Even with the broadening population and wide range of competing activities, mobile owners are drawn to news on their tablet and smartphones," said PEJ deputy director Amy Mitchell. "The evidence is also mounting that mobile devices are adding to, rather than replacing, how much news people consume," said Mitchell. In all, 43% of tablet news users say their tablets are adding to the amount of time they spend with the news and 31% say they are getting news from new sources they didn't use before.
At the same time, consumers are not yet taking advantage of all the aspects of mobile technology. For instance, while mobile devices would allow people to get news wherever they are, most people use their tablets and smartphones for news at home, and usually just once a day.
The survey also explores the financial implications of mobile news consumption. Nearly a fifth (19%) of mobile news consumers has paid for a digital subscription of some kind in the last year. Still, a greater percent, 31%, report having a print only subscription and many of them remain loyal to print. Just a quarter (24%) of those with print subscriptions are considering giving them up for a digital one.
"There are a variety of activities one can do on a mobile device today," said Paul Rossi, managing director and executive vice president of The Economist Group, Americas."However, even with all those options, reading is still one of the most popular activities. With more people than ever before using these devices, this clearly represents an incredible opportunity for publishers across the country."
Among other findings:
Just over half, 52%, of tablet owners report owning an iPad, compared with 81% a year ago. Fully 48% now own an Android-based device, including two in ten, 21%, who own a Kindle Fire.
Rather than replacing old technology, the introduction of new devices and formats is creating a new kind of "multi-platform" news consumer. More than half, 54%, of tablet news users also get news on a smartphone; 77% also get news on a desktop/laptop and 50% get news in print. What's more, 25% of get news on all four platforms.
Those who get news throughout the day on their mobile devices are more engaged news consumers. People who get news on their devices multiple times per day, on either the smartphone or tablet, tend to turn to more sources, get news from new sources, read in-depth news articles, watch news videos and send and receive news through email or social networks. Tablet news consumers who get news more than one time during the day are also twice as likely as those who get news once a day to have paid for news on their tablet (10% versus 4%).
There has been movement over the last year toward using the browser rather than apps for tablet news consumption. Fully 60% of tablet news users mainly use the browser to get news on their tablet, just 23% get news mostly through apps and 16% use both equally. In 2011, 40% got news mostly through a browser, 21% mostly through apps and 31% used both equally. But as was revealed in the 2011 survey, app news users-and those who use both apps and the browser equally-remain in many ways more engaged and deeper news users than those who mostly use their browser. The browser is preferred on the smartphone as well (61% get news mostly through a browser, 28% mostly through apps and 11% use both equally).
Two distinct news audiences have emerged on tablets-new-found digital customers and those who originally turned to that outlet in print form and are still loyal to the print product. Nearly a fifth of mobile news users, 19%, have paid for a digital news subscription of some kind in the last year, and a third of tablet news users with digital subscriptions have added them since they acquired the device. But even more mobile news users, 31%, have print-only subscriptions, and three quarters of these have no plans to give them up. These print subscribers also prefer their app-based news to be more like a traditional reading experience rather than to have high-tech features. For the news organizations, this brings both the potential for new audiences and the challenge of accommodating the differing styles and approaches of these distinct audiences.
A sizable percentage of people notice ads on mobile devices. Half of mobile news users-49% of tablet news users and 50% of smartphone news users-sometimes or often notice ads when they are getting news on their mobile device. But roughly 15% click on ads when getting news on one of the mobile devices and about 7% actually buy something.
In addition to the main report, PEJ and The Economist Group released an infographic of the main findings, and invited designers to offer their own accurate, clear and innovative data visualizations through a data visualization challenge. Selected infographics will be featured on PEJ's website, The Economist's Tumblr, Pinterest, and Facebook pages, and The Economist's Graphic Detail blog.
Cross posted from planetransgender.
The four-day Conference includes over 125 panels, workshops, and multi-media presentations addressing a broad spectrum of environmental law and advocacy. Topics include: forest protection and ecological restoration; grazing and mining reform; labor and human rights; air and water pollution; Native American treaty rights; globalization and "free" trade; environmental justice; corporate responsibility; marine wilderness; international environmental law; water rights and dam removal; oil and gas litigation; genetic engineering; and urban growth.
When watching this video stating the official DGR policy please Keep in mind when Rachel says 'gender' they also means 'transgender'. The DGR view is that transgender women are, in fact, men and should be excluded from 'woman's only spaces, IE public accommodations, and feminist gatherings.
You can't mask transphobia within an organization be it religious or in DRG's case environmentalism without suffering the consequences. As they clearly stated DGR has lost members, even whole chapters since Lierre Keith's view on gender has become more central to the conversation, which is is this post's intent.
PIELC was aware Lierre Keith's transphobic agenda when inviting them and there seems to be disagreement within the PIELC as whether Keith's invite should stand, as there should be.
Speaking with Gordon Levitte at the PIELC Wednesday I asked them for a statement regarding Keith. They pointed out that although they were invited and listed, they had not yet been assigned a panel as of yet.
Levitte asked for 'a couple of weeks to respond explaining they couldn't speak for the group. I emailed Levitte questions as they requested but I have not yet received a reply. Should the PIELC respond I will keep my word and publish it. Levitte didn't mention that the PIELC had already issued an official statement.
SOURCE Decolonizing Yoga "The cornerstone of Keith's feminism is the that transgender woman are in fact men who pretend to be female while enjoying the benefits of our patriarchal society."
"What exactly does Keith believe? Among other things, that the “phenomenon of trans” was created from porn culture and “that men insisting they are women is insulting and absurd.” Rachel not only celebrates Keith's position but they label it as DGR's official stance and states that they can't understand why people were bothered by it."
Public Interest Environmental Law Conference (PIELC) facebook statement written with TERF signature pose warns that violence directed against keynote speakers (insert Keith) will be dealt with:
"This is the official public statement regarding Lierre Keith and their involvement in the 2014 Public Interest Environmental Law Conference (PIELC). Any previous statements that were attributed to PIELC or the PIELC Co-Directors were not approved and should be disregarded." "Lierre Keith was invited to share their perspective on environmental issues and activism. PIELC and the Co-Directors do not align with nor endorse every viewpoint of any particular keynote speaker, and simply seek to further constructive discussion of today's environmental issues. The Public Interest Environmental Law Conference is a forum to respectfully discuss public interest perspectives on the environment, the law, and environmental law and activism. PIELC is an opportunity for people of differing opinions and viewpoints to join together and find common ground. Any actions that threaten this peaceful discourse will be unwelcome at PIELC and will be met with the appropriate legal response. The PIELC Co-Directors value the safety of our keynote speakers, panelists, and attendees."
"Lierre Keith has been selected to give a keynote speech at this years Public Interest Environmental Law Conference. Lierre is a natural choice as a keynote speaker- as an impassioned writer Lierre has forcefully advocated direct action to address our dire environmental crisis for years." "Her writing and lectures focus on civilization's violence against the planet, male violence against women, and the need for serious resistance to both." "As an outspoken advocate for radical feminism and a leader of the radical environmental movement, the selection of Keith as a keynoter continues a long tradition of controversial speakers at PIELC."
Excepts from the Deep Green Resistance (DGR) press release. Reading this press release keep in mind in Keith's mind transgender woman are really men.
I will now show that DGR has historically endorsed violence, is transphobic and make a argument that they could under duress direct violence towards the transgender community's physical infrastructure or even our own beings.
Aric McBay cofounder of DGR on hier reasons for quiting
14
MAY/13
Off
This is a note I sent to Decolonizing Yoga after their piece on DGR and transphobia was posted.
My name is Aric McBay. I'm the primary author of the book Deep Green Resistance and was (rather briefly) one of the original people behind the organization which Be Scofield writes about on your website. You mention in your piece that I'm a founder, but what you probably don't know is that I left the organization at the beginning of 2012 after a trans inclusive policy was cancelled by Derrick Jensen and Lierre Keith. Many good people and good activists left the organization for that reason. I find these transphobic attitudes to be disgusting and deeply troubling, and it bothers me a lot to have any past association with people promoting transphobia. For me, trans rights and trans inclusion are fundamental to building effective movements and to building a world worth living in. Speaking as the main author of the book that inspired the organization in the first place: they are most definitely my core values. And transphobia--like racism and sexism and classism and homophobia--is a poison that those in power use to destroy movements and ruin lives. When faced with such poisons, who needs COINTELPRO? Solidarity between movements is the only hope we have. I would appreciate it if you would mention this as an addendum on your piece, because I want to make it clear to people that I, and the vast majority of radical environmentalists, fully support trans rights and trans inclusion. I don't want to allow a few outliers to drive wedges between movements that can and should support each other. And you can quote me on that. In solidarity,
Aric McBay
""We are aware of some vicious attempts to discredit and undermine Ms Keith's important analysis of women's oppression and their fight for women's freedom; including women's right to gather and self-organize in women only space. We encourage you to not be bullied or intimidated by those who oppose Lierre Keith and their fight – our fight – for liberation.""
The cornerstone of Keith's and DGR's feminism is the that transgender woman are in fact men who pretend to be female while enjoying the benefits of our patriarchal society and therefore must be denied "woman only spaces", IE public accommodations.
Source DGR Wikipedia:
"Proponents of Deep Green Resistance encourage strategies for social action that run the gamut from violent to non-violent. DGR's support for violent action (described as a potentially necessary means by which to invoke drastic environmental change) is rejected by many pacifists. Some have called this a potential deterrent to environmentalists who believe in nonviolent activism.[7] In terms of the use of violence, Jensen, Keith, and McBay's strategies all largely center around hard-hitting infrastructural vandalism, such as forcible dam removal, rather than any kind of personal violence."
Listening to DGR's violent agenda against 'soft targets of opportunity" it becomes frigntening evident of the originazations proclivity to commit violence.
It is my experience as a activist that has engaged in civil disobedence that people who allow themselves to resort to the lowest form of communication, violence, are capable of acts of violence in any form.
I am not comforted that DGR the Wikipedia entery. DGR, identified as a core transphobic organization by one of its founders could use this same rational to destroy physical structures associated with gender diversity.
If DGR's views on transsexualism were to be adopted by the greater society, trans inclusive laws would never be enacted and current ones would be repealed resulting in violence against gender diverse people skyrocketing exponentially as would unemployment, homelessness and suicides.
That fear is real. This is why I contend that within the obfuscation of environmentalism the core purpose of DGR is to promulgate rhetoric which would inevitably result in increased violent acts against trans people.
Transgender people are the most victimized minority in the world today and any increase of violence towards 1% of the worlds population would have dire consequences, possibly leading to gendercide. Extermination of trans identity as we see happening in Russia today.
Transgender people are the "soft targets of opportunity" that the DGR is looking for to colece its movement, but that strategy has backfired time and again.
Inviting a violent transphobic group such as the DGR to keynote at the PIELC in the heart of Oregon the home feminist inclusion is unacceptable.
You have a opportunity to petition the University of Oregon to Cancel Lierre Keith's engagment .
Additional reading list for Lierre Keith and DGR regarding transphobia
Ben Brucato "On Derrick Jensen's and Lierre Keith's Transphobia".
Earth First! Journal Collective "Deep Green Transphobia"
The Vegan Ideal "Lierre Keith: A Case Study in Anti-Trans Hatred"
Trans vs. Feminism : Video footage of Queer/Trans activists at the ‘Law and Disorder' conference following last weekend's Portland attack
One Angry Queer "Deep Green Resistance: Transphobic Liars, Grasping at Straws"
Missing The Point On DGR's Transphobia and Essentialist Feminism
Excepts from the 5th Annual Law & Disorder Conference "DGR Statement":
We want to thank all members of the community that have informed and enlightened us to DGR's role in promoting transphobia. We deeply apologize to all that were triggered by DGR's presence. We would like to use this conflict as an opportunity to create dialogue about transphobia as well as other issues around marginalized groups. It is our understanding that this incident is resulting in DGR members having to own up to their views, and that some members of DGR Portland have left the group in protest to these views – we applaud this and stand in solidarity with them.
On Sunday we were pleased to see a successful confrontation take place between concerned conference attendees and members of DGR. A group of about 15 individuals confronted DGR on their perpetuation of transphobia and the need for them to hold themselves accountable as well as the need to hold Lierre Keith and Derrek Jensen accountable. There is a video that documents this confrontation, with it ending in recommendations for DGR members to further their education on transgender issues, and develop a broader gender analysis.
In my heart, that is. In my mind I realized it was too early in life to begin closing doors, and so, of course, in the fall I did go back to Oakwood (the private school I attended in Los Angeles) - though I did not read anything from the mandatory reading list, which was a far, far more rebellious thing than I had ever done before. I took my Scholastic Aptitude Tests (though I did not care in the least - which is, I believe, the best way to do well on an S.A.T. test), and I did everything I could to make ready the path that led to college (but I took the other one instead).
What did I find on the road I followed and what would I have found on the one not taken? I seemed to find a new answer with every step.
I began the route (and life) of an autodidact for the sake of Becky Sharp and characters like them No doubt there was a Becky Sharp on the college route, too, but not my Becky Sharp. My Becky Sharp was just a character, the way Thackeray intended. It is my suspicion that the Becky Sharp on the college route lay in ''Vanity Fair'' exhausted, analyzed till there was barely a breath left in them
It is only a suspicion, but one based on what I saw high school do to Hester Prynne, Huckleberry Finn and Jay Gatsby. Everything poor, tortured Hester did was symbolic. Huckleberry Finn thought they were simply on a raft going down a river - they didn't know they were on a raft going down a cleansing symbol. And dear Mr. Gatsby got so lost between eyes and Eggs and green lights and a class cry of ''Motif!'' whenever we hit upon one that I was left with the feeling that Mr. Fitzgerald, who caused all this trouble, was one man I never wanted to read again.
I don't think that would have happened to Fitzgerald had I met them on the autodidact trail. I met Hemingway there and fell in love with him. But did I love wisely or just too well? Would a little class discussion have made me understand why I loved? Would a dialogue have broadened me? Hopelessly Arrogant
One word answers those questions for me, but how do I say it without appearing hopelessly arrogant (there is nothing more embarrassing than appearing as one actually is)? The word is no. Though loving too well may be dangerous when it comes to people, it's hardly a risk in terms of literature. I have felt (and this applies to literature and people) that understanding exactly why we love may take something away from the love.
During my final years of high school, it was a frantic race for me to try to meet the great characters of literature before school could introduce them to me. It was perhaps my greatest pleasure that I got to ''Anna Karenina'' first. And though I didn't take notes on it and wasn't tested on it and didn't discuss it with anyone else, I was still overwhelmed as I read it with the feeling that more of life was being captured on these pages than I'd ever seen captured before. And I think it was the absence of notes and tests and discussions that enabled this much larger feeling to come over me.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
If one is longing for a discussion of ideas or other opinions, classmates and teachers are not the only ones who can fill that need. A great many minds from a great many centuries had a great deal to say about almost everything ever written. If Shakespeare is getting on one's nerves, one has only to look to Shaw for company.
But that exchange must be made through the written word, and though the idea of a spoken dialogue has been held in rather lofty estimation since the Greeks got it going, I'm afraid I have one last stand against it. In the American classroom of today, where grades and result take precedence over learning and process, how much of the dialogue that goes on is a true exchange of ideas and how much is saying what one thinks the teacher wants to hear so that just in case one fails the test, the teacher will remember one always participated in the discussion?
The reason I was so concerned about literature (and its proper reception) is that it was my ambition to create a little literature of my own eventually -which was another reason I didn't think college was the place for me. My parents are both professional writers. My father, Oliver Hailey, is a playwright, and my mother, Elizabeth Forsythe Hailey, is a novelist. The only ''B'' my father, an A student, ever received in college was in playwriting. My mother received a ''C'' in their only college creative-writing class and was told by the professor, who was new to the college, that they would have flunked them but they hated to flunk anyone their first year. I felt it was better to be an autodidact as a writer as well as a reader.
I have accused school of enough for the moment. Now it is time for some of the accusations most frequently hurled at the autodidact:
''I see you've mentioned names like Thackeray and Hemingway, but what about Wellington, Washington and Mao? Or Newton, Curie and Edison? Or Euclid? Or language? Or art? What about those subjects, autodidact?''
I confess that in my first few years of study I concentrated on literature, history and the arts, my basic plan being to catch up with all the civilization I regretted missing. I began with the Greeks and proceeded to the Romans, taking extra literature breaks whenever necessary (i.e., if I became depressed by the imminent fall of the Roman Empire, I'd go read a few 1930's Broadway hits to cheer up).
DABBLE IS perhaps too generous a word for the interest I showed in science, math and language. I hasten to say that it is equally feasible to shun Euclid at many a progressive Ivy League college where student choice is replacing college requirements. However, be it autodidact or collegiate, a narrow education should not be defended, it should be broadened. But all broadening (and all learning) should be rooted in passion. I firmly believe that if people begin by studying what they really care about, this knowledge will branch out into all knowledge. That I have as yet refused to be led to the scientific side of study is a weakness I am trying to overcome.
''But what about weakness and the autodidact? How much personal discipline does one need? Without the incentive of due dates, papers, tests, grades and degrees, doesn't an autodidact career have a tendency to come to a halt right in the middle of Dostoyevsky?''
Dostoyevsky tends to put a strain on the discipline of autodidact and collegiate alike. But whereas the collegiate may resort to Cliff's Notes, the autodidact need never. For an autodidact is responsible only to himself. Oft-repeated sayings such as ''Cheating is only hurting yourself'' finally make sense. If in college cheating leads to a better grade and a better grade leads to a better graduate school, then it becomes a little difficult to remember just how cheating ever hurt. But when you're an autodidact, cheating, skimming and skipping only lead to never knowing what happened to those talkative Russians.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
As for personal discipline, there is something wickedly exhilarating about obeying our own orders. If we cannot be in total control of our own destiny, at least we can take absolute charge of our own reading list. I know I never enjoy my education more than when I make a sadistically long reading list and then order myself to read it.
''All right, auto, let's say you're just sadistic enough to enjoy making and reading your reading lists, your education shows signs of broadening and you are truly affected by the great works you read. All well and good, but what about a social life? Without separation from family and immersion in the college environment, how does the autodidact grow up?''
To tell the truth, I never enjoyed the social life school provided and am quite happy without it. Just as I think it is ridiculous to cram the bulk of life learning into four years of college, I also think it is ridiculous to cram the bulk of life friendships into people whose age and experience may vary from mine by a maximum of four years. Peers can be fun, but as a steady diet they are limiting. It is just as important to broaden socially as academically. One of the most important lessons I learned in being an autodidact was how much wisdom there is in a 3-year-old and how much innocence and optimism in an 83-year-old.
As for growing up, that has always been, to me, a spiritual, not a physical journey. I educated myself in the bosom of my family, but I saw the world and perhaps dared to look at more of it because I had such a comfortable vantage point. Finding and following an original life path is, I think, a greater sign of independence than leasing one's own apartment.
''Well, autodidact, depending on the collegiate institution you missed out on, you may have saved up to $100,000. But can a monetary value ever be placed on the importance of a degree in the job market?''
Luckily for this autodidact, my chosen profession cares very little about a degree. Writers are rarely asked if they have one, probably because most of the great ones don't. I can think of many more interesting ways to spend $100,000 than on four years of classrooms and cafeteria food. How much better to spend that money seeing the world rather than reading about it in an ivy-covered library.
I confess no one suggested I rush out and spend such a sum. Though my chosen profession does not require a degree, it also does not assure an income. My parents both work at home and are pretty literate companions, even if they are a little fuzzy on plot points. They have also been a constant encouragement, never once asking if maybe it was time to give all this up and head for college. Most important, they gave me time - time I used to educate myself at home, writing plays and novels and screenplays all the while, and hoping that because my parents knew I had saved them money, they would give me a little more time before asking me to go out and earn any.
That may be the real advantage of being an autodidact - an easing of the pressure. It eliminates the pressure to get into the best college so the graduate can get the best job the minute after graduating from the best college.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Yet being an autodidact does result in a different kind of pressure - the pressure to find out what I want to do with my life. Many students go to college because they don't know the answer to this question. They get out still not knowing. In all the small pressures of tests, finals and papers, it's easy to forget about that large pressure because it doesn't have a due date.
OR PERHAPS the pressures of life are not thought to belong in the hallowed halls of learning. The reason I know I don't belong in them is that, though the desire to learn may flourish inside, it may also have a hard time finding its way out - and accompanying a student through the rest of their life. I know many graduates of fine colleges, and in too many cases the learning those graduates have is the learning those fine colleges gave them. Nothing more.
The reason I will always be glad I am an autodidact is that there is a lovely, lingering insecurity caused by calling oneself that as opposed to being able to claim the degrees B.A. or M.A. An autodidact is never possessed of the assurance of knowledge a degree provides. We can never afford to sit back and not begin ''Moby Dick'' or ''War and Peace'' or any of the other books a diploma may excuse us from reading. And stuck in the middle of ''Moby Dick'' though I still am, I am very thankful my education was not slowed down by a degree last June.
Genetic information can be valuable for amateur athletes, too—regardless of skill level, someone about to join a recreational basketball league or a tennis club would be well-served to know if they're at risk of blowing out an ACL or tearing an Achilles. Each year, around 2 million adults go to the emergency room for sports-related injuries, many of them acquired during pickup games or matches in recreational leagues.
Within the field of sports-injury genetics, some studies have focused on variations in the genes that control the production of collagen, the main component of tendons and ligaments. Collagen proteins also form the backbone of tissues and bones, but in some people, structural differences in these proteins may leave the body's structures weaker or unable to repair themselves properly after injury. In a study published in the British Journal of Sports Medicine in 2009, South African researchers found that specific variations of a collagen gene named COL1A1 were under-represented in a group of recreational athletes who had suffered traumatic ACL injuries. Those who had torn their ACL were four times as likely as the uninjured study subjects to have a blood relative who had suffered the same injury, suggesting that genetics are at least partially responsible for the strength of the ligament.
The same COL1A1 gene has also been linked to other soft-tissue injuries, like Achilles-tendon ruptures and shoulder dislocations. In a review article that combined the results of multiple studies on the COL1A1 gene, published in the British Journal of Sports Medicine in 2010, researchers concluded that those with the TT genotype—one of three potential variants of the gene, found only in 5 percent of the population—are extremely unlikely to suffer a traumatic ligament or tendon injury.
However, because of the vast complexity of the human genome, it's highly improbable that a single variant within a gene can determine a person's genetic risk for a given soft-tissue injury. Researchers agree it's much more likely that these injuries, like complex conditions such as obesity or type 2 diabetes, are influenced by multiple genes.
The COL5A1 gene, another one associated with collagen production, has been linked to a higher risk of injury of the ACL and Achilles tendon, as well as greater susceptibility to exercise-induced muscle cramping. A 2013 study in the Clinical Journal of Sports Medicine found that specific variants of COL5A1 were strongly correlated with muscle cramping among runners in the Two Oceans Marathon in South Africa.
Researchers have also identified genetic markers associated with bone-mineral density, an important measure of bone strength that provides clinicians with information on a patient's risk of fracture. One gene combination, investigated in a 2010 study in the journal BMC Genetics, was associated with a nearly four-fold increased risk of stress fractures among army recruits. A separate study, published in the Archives of Pediatric Adolescent Medicine in 2009, found that osteoporosis in older women and increased rates of stress fractures in young women also tend to run in a family.
The New York Times refuses to divulge where Jessica Leeds worked decades ago when Donald Trump supposedly sexually assaulted them on an airplane. As Dana Carvey's “church lady” character on Saturday Night Live would say, “isn't that convenient?”
Naming their employer — assuming they even know it — would, of course, make it possible for other journalists to corroborate them account.
The Oct. 12 story by Michael Barbaro and Megan Twohey on Leeds and another woman's claims spurred a series of copycat stories in other publications and became official media gospel — even though the vague phrasing about Leeds should have raised immediate red flags — especially because the paper included details about Trump's other accuser, including their employer and year of the incident, that it obscured for them
Reached on the phone Tuesday Barbaro said, “I'm not disclosing any information.”
Great ethos for a reporter — especially one whose employer gleefully discloses secret National Security Agency electronic surveillance programs.
Interestingly, the Times handled Leeds like an anonymous source they didn't want anybody to track down, describing them with vague generalities.
“More than three decades ago, when they were a traveling business person at a paper company, Ms. Leeds said, they sat beside Mr. Trump in the first-class cabin of a flight to New York. They had never met before.”
“About 45 minutes after takeoff, they recalled, Mr. Trump lifted the armrest and began to touch them
“According to Ms. Leeds, Mr. Trump grabbed their breasts and tried to put their hand up their skirt.
“‘He was like an octopus,” they said. “His hands were everywhere.'”
“Ms. Leeds has told the story to at least four people close to her, who also spoke with The New York Times.”
Right, but what does “paper company” mean? What kind of company? What is the name?
Politics editor Carolyn Ryan Monday repeatedly refused to answer similar questions.
But why are other reporters not answering them? Nothing online indicates anybody besides “CBS This Morning” journalists — to their credit — bothered to even minimally vet this story.
How to be a World-Class Negotiator
Life Lessons to Help Entrepreneurs, Business Owners & Creators
Jonathan Chew Blocked Unblock Follow Jun 26, 2017
A few nights ago, I attended a talk given by Christopher Voss, former international FBI hostage negotiator for 24 years, in which they described several of their kidnapping stories and how their entire mission in life was to help people and save lives.
Needless to say, they were the real deal. This guy is what all the characters in the movies are based on.
They talked about some of the principles of being a good negotiator in any field, whether in business or in your own personal life.
To top that all off, they wrote a book about it called Never Split the Difference which can be summed up by the following:
Life is a series of negotiations you should be prepared for: buying a car, negotiating a salary, buying a home, renegotiating rent, deliberating with your partner. Taking emotional intelligence and intuition to the next level, Never Split the Difference gives you the competitive edge in any discussion.
In fact they were saying that the Director of Product Growth at Slack, Merci Grace, gave it to ALL their girlfriends, husbands and boyfriends because it helped not only in their professional life, but in their relationship with their fiancé and family.
Right off the bat, they had an air about them that just showed their gravitas and how they could keep their cool during intense high-stakes situations.
Emotional Intelligence
They said that negotiating was basically just understanding people and that after you do it for a while, people start to behave in very predictable ways. They said he's made a lot of mistakes over their career where he's mis-judged people, but now it's almost second nature to him.
They said that he's more scared of seeing blood by going to a Doctor's office than talking a terrorist with 4 bombs down from killing kidnapped hostages. In fact, they would almost prefer it. Simply because they know it. They know exactly what to do. And how to talk them down.
Everyone's got different stuff that stresses them out.
Understanding how people work is just the beginning. They went on to say that IQ was a fixed mental capacity. You can play chess all day and your IQ won't magically go up. However, on the other hand, EQ was almost an unlimited capacity that you could improve if you just work at it.
The easiest way to improve your EQ is to just start acknowledging people, it takes just 15 seconds.
What makes a Good Negotiator
1. Listen Between The Lines
Let the other guy talk first.
There's so much you can learn if you simply shut up and listen. They reveal so much if you don't go first. The first 90 seconds of them speaking is solid gold because it makes them feel like they own the process.
2. Don't Negotiate Alone
It's important to bring a partner who can listen along with you. Sometimes they bring their son (who is apparently also an excellent negotiator) who helps “listen between the lines” while they concentrate on calming the person down and validating and acknowledging the terrorist's needs.
Always bounce your ideas off other smart people.
3. Figure Out What the Other Side's Religion is
Try to figure out what their belief system is because that's what gives them their meaning. Daniel Pink calls it purpose. Something bigger than they are that they believe in. It doesn't have to even be their “religion” per se but whatever gives them (as Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi has coined) their “flow” because that's what motivates them.
Think of the worst thing that can happen before it gets there.
…A Story About a Bomb…
There was a challenging situation where a guy had driven a tractor in the middle of Washington DC and claimed that they had 4 bombs. They needed to get them out because they were going to get themselves killed as they were prone to fits of anger and if they went too far, they had been given the order to shoot and kill on-site. Voss said that you always want to bring extra people with you to help “listen between the lines” and they noticed that this guy mentioned they were in the 82nd airborn.
One of the policies of the 82nd airborn was that if you parachuted behind enemy lines, you could withdraw after 72 hours and not lose honor.
Now they also noticed that they kept making Bible references which gave a hint that they had a Christian background. So, they were looking for something to say to try to get them to change their timeline since if they stayed in there much longer, they probably are going to get themselves killed. In order to get them out sooner, one of the team members on the negotiation team said to tell them that they'll give them what they wanted on the “dawn of the 3rd day” which if you look at the difference between Good Friday and Easter Sunday is actually only 2 calendar days.
So they ended up agreeing and they got them out sooner with no incident and no bombs than they had originally agreed because they spoke to their religion and their model of the world.
4. Maintain a Tactical Empathy Balance
We're mostly driven by stuff we're trying to avoid. In their book Thinking Fast and Slow, psychologist Daniel Kahneman talks about how we think and how there are profound cognitive biases that influence our decision making on a moment to moment basis. The things that cause us to do what we do can be summed up by Sigmund Freud when they said that we're only motivated by two things; the avoidance of pain and the pursuit of pleasure.
Negative drives us much more than the positive.
Everybody's got something that they've sacrificed their entire lives to pursue. You just have to listen long enough to hear what their story is.
5. There's Always Time… it's a Commodity
There's not always money on the table, but there's always time. In the world of negotiations, if the person is making unreasonable demands in terms of price or product, you always have the option of TIME. And that's what gets played with most often because the hostage person either limits your time in order to gain the leverage or advantage, or the negotiator has to stall for more time in order to get the right resources in place to make something happen.
The more you'll focus on salary the less successful you'll be.
Salary only pays the bill, it doesn't build your career. Interestingly they touched on how if people concentrate on money instead of focusing on where their time goes and what they're doing with their time, then they'll ultimately be less successful in both their personal and professional lives, let alone a high-stakes negotiation.
6. We're More Worried About Being Heard Than Hearing
Oftentimes, people will talk more because they're concerned about the other person not hearing what they're saying, so they talk more and more. Because they're worried that they other person won't “hear” their specific thoughts and needs. People have a tendency though to talk too much and stop “hearing” or listening to what the other person has to say.
That's the balance you have to remember when negotiating is to remember to hear the other party and not be so worried about being heard.
7. Empathy is NOT Sympathy
Chris Voss believes that Empathy is insanely powerful that it's something we should all concentrate on giving to others. It's important to note that sympathy is feeling sorrow or compassion for what another person is going through, but empathy is “how the other person feels” from their point of view and acknowledging it.
They made it a point to also say “Empathy is NOT Flattery.”
There's a fantastic article written by Adam Grant called “The Dark Side of Emotional Intelligence” that references the good and bad about being able to read people through EQ. Empathy has immense power.
Use your powers for good not evil. The best people that use empathy actually are sociopaths not because they're nice but because they know it works. If you can wrap your mind around empathy, then you probably have a future in the negotiation business.
8. Don't Lie — It's a BAD Idea
Christopher Voss has made it a personal policy to never lie during a negotiation situation because you want to build trust. That rapport that you build is so important that the trust is often tested with little questions by the terrorists to see if you'll stay true to your word. If they even get a hint of your dishonesty or your deception, then things could go very south.
Here's a Mock Situation — What would you DO?
How would you handle this situation?
You are the FBI's lead international kidnapping negotiator and you're in Washington DC. You get a call that a 12 yr old boy has been kidnapped in Haiti.
It's your job to handle this fast. You have to make contact to control this dynamic by phone right away before you jump on the plane and get this under control before it gets out of hand.
You have got the father's phone number. You've been notified by the State Department and they've given you the father's name. The father's been told that the FBI's gonna help him. You call on the phone to help and the first thing they say to you is:
You're in Washington DC? How are YOU going to help me?
The challenge here is to figure out what you're going to say because they just challenged you on the phone.
The moderator reached out to the audience and collected 5 responses which all ranged from first establishing credibility to throwing the challenge back to the father on why they think they shouldn't trust him.
Mr. Voss listened intently and of course validated and acknowledged everyone's thoughts and gave their reply:
I knew I probably had less than 3 seconds before they hung up the phone. So I said, “Look, here's the deal, Haitian kidnappers are not killing kidnappers… and Haitian kidnappers LOVE partying on Saturday night. So if you follow my guidance, we'll have your son out by late Friday/early Saturday morning.” The father paused and said, “Tell me what you want me to do.” And we had their son out Saturday morning.
During the entire course of that kidnapping, they never asked me how long I'd been a FBI agent, how long I'd been a hostage negotiator, how many kidnappers I'd done, how many times I'd been to Haiti, how many languages I'd spoke.
People you interact with will act with in roughly the same way. Your resume correlates LOOSELY with whether or not you know what to do. And as soon as you show someone you have a good view of the landscape, they'll never ask you whether you're the right guy for the job. You don't have to do any of the explaining or the logic, as soon as you show someone that you understand the challenges, in their mind, their desire to cooperate with you ends in responses, “Tell me more…” or “Tell me what you want me to do…” or “You understand…” and They'll usually think along the lines of:
If you understand what I'm faced with, then the chances you understand what I need to do are really high.
Everyone has a similar motivational button on them someplace no matter what industry and whatever they do. Everyone has dynamics. All negotiations that you're in now and all challenges that you face, all you have to do is say with confidence, “Here's what you're up against.” And trust will most likely ensue. People want to be led.
There are two issues to every deal. One of those issues is time and time pressures they're under . The other issue is control. You want to always give them the illusion that they're in control and that they're getting everything they can get.
Price will never make a deal successful. It's the terms that will make it positive or negative.
Call to Action
All of us have to negotiate almost every day of our lives. Whether It's for a salary raise or even getting the best deal on getting a new car. The skills of negotiation are perishable so you need to practice them and practice getting insights from others.
The tips and techniques that I learned from Chris Voss that night applied to my mindfulness, physical and mental health, productivity and even my relationships. It's incredible how crucial a role our skills in the art of negotiation can play. It was an enlightening evening.
What ways can you start being more mindful and practice more empathy?
Use the ways I gave you to increase your Emotional Intelligence (EQ) and share deeper connections and rapport with everyone around you!
Before the Fall (Grand Central, available May 31), the new novel from Noah Hawley, best known as executive producer and writer of Fargo, on FX, is packed with mystery, conspiracy, and sinister goings-on beginning with the foreboding of an extremely foggy night. Here Parade talks to the author about their new book and what we can expect from the highly-anticipated season three of Fargo.
One of the most shocking and compelling things in Fargo is the idea of people doing things they never thought they were capable of doing.
Right. If circumstances called for it.
Can you tell us anything about season three?
We did a lot in the show so far with people who are living under a certain level of threat. I think what's interesting is to look at a story set in the recent past in Minnesota and to look at a way of life that's kind of under threat. There's this idea of “Minnesota nice” and this regional identity, which is so based on community.
Joel and Ethan Coen described that area as Siberia with family restaurants. In the winter, it's a place where you can have the Swedish meatballs at the buffet and then freeze to death in the parking lot. A certain amount of that has created this really wonderful sense of bonding together that you feel in that region. But now we're in this moment where we're all interacting with screens, and we have a sort of community that's virtual, and what does that do to our hero's sense of place?
Tell us about the inspiration for Before the Fall. There seems to be some of the same kind of themes as we saw on Fargo last season.
There's an interesting dynamic of what we do on Fargo that for some reason appeals to me. Sort of telling stories about basically decent people who are in over their heads. There's something about that in our superhero culture where everyone is literally invulnerable. But it's nice to tell a story that requires a great effort from someone who may not be up for it.
At its root, the story [in the novel] is about a man who failed, right? And he's gone into hiding, almost, and finds themselves at the center of a moment where heroism is called for, and they respond to it and finds that that act puts them at the center of attention. Then they have to figure out how to move forward in their life in a real way. He's a survivor and they need to start acting like one. I wanted to look at that idea.
How is the process of doing the novel different from writing for TV?
Someone once described it to me as like, when you work for Hollywood, your phone rings everyday and someone tells you they love you. And when you write a book, you sit in a room and your phone never rings.
Or if it does, you try not to answer it so you can get things done.
Right! Exactly, exactly. You know, for me, it's always about trying to find the quickest and most lasting path to pure creativity. And to be in that space where you're doing your best creative work, and for me, storytelling is really an excuse to try to understand the world that I live in. You sort of look at a relationship that you don't understand, and then you try to recreate it. Or a kind of person you want to understand better, so you sort of try to put yourself in their shoes. On that level, it's all the same animal, but obviously sitting in a room and making something up is different than being on a set and trying to guide a real person through that process of inhabiting that character.
With fiction, the audience does have to work. They read the words, but create the movie in their heads. With TV or film, most of that work is done for them. What I try to do with Fargo is to make that dynamic more like a book, where you're seeing a lot, but there's so much in there that requires you to engage with the material in a way that is more thought-provoking. It's less of a passive experience, I think.
A book is full of ideas. You just live with what you read for so much longer. A lot of the times, nowadays, with a movie or TV show, it's like, “Oh, it's entertainment!” And you never think about it again. And that's not interesting to me, because there's enough of that. We're sort of entertained to death, right?
There's entertainment everywhere. Anywhere, anytime.
I'm not a message-oriented person, but I do think that if you entertain people, they give you permission to do more, on a thematic level or a character level. So it's important to do more.
How was it working on a TV series that was inspired by a movie. Was that a big challenge or a nice jumping off point?
It is a challenge, because it's based on the movie and kind of not based on the movie at the same time. My assignment was: Can you adapt this movie without any of the characters or the story from the movie? At which point, you're like, what is that then? If it's not consistent, it has to give you the same feeling. That's all it is. Somehow, you have to tell a totally different story with all new characters that gives you the same feeling. And that's a really fascinating challenge.
Will Before The Fall be made into a movie?
We sold it to Sony and I'm writing a script of it now. With a little luck and a prayer, we can get it done. It feels good. It feels like a good story for this moment. It has a kind of central mystery or thriller quality to it. It's a very human story, as well, which I think is important. But we're in a sort of blockbuster, make-believe moment in entertainment, and the key – as it was with the book – is to make something that provides that adrenaline and that escape, but then sort of surreptitiously sneaks in all the other elements where it feels like, hopefully, at the end, that you've read something that asks some important questions.
Taking a bit of a left-turn, is it true that your grandmother was a playwright?
They are. They actually are an assistant to Walter Lippmann at The New York World in the 1920s and 30s. My mother was a writer as well, so I have a long history of writers in the family.
My mom never went to college, so they just assumed the writer identity, and that was always really inspiring to me. It's not something you need nine levels of education for. It's really an identity that you claim for yourself, and then you have to make yourself one.
Did your mom have a kind of routine or a work ethic that you saw?
Yeah. Writing is this odd act, right? To sit and type, or write by hand, or whatever people do. And it requires a real discipline, because it is really a sheer act of will that you're creating something and you're doing it by yourself. I definitely saw that discipline in them
How much does real life play into your work?
The big challenge is to find your way to something that people can relate to. There's this common sense idea that in order to appeal to the biggest number of people, you have to write something very general, but my experience is the more specific you make something, the more people respond to it, in a very odd way. Like, to write a character who seems so unusual, and then people come up to you and they're like, “That's just like my dad!”
Rocket Republic
Rocket Republic Brewing Company kegs. (Courtesy photo)
(bn)
HUNTSVILLE, Alabama - The circle is about to become complete. Ten years before Madison-based Rocket Republic Brewing Company opened for business, owner and head brewer Eric Crigger fashioned their first beer, an India Pale Ale, using a Mr. Beer homebrewing kit, which Crigger's wife Tatum had given them as a Father's Day present. Now, Mr. Beer will make Rocket Republic's AstroNut Brown Ale the debut entry in their Craft Brewery Recipe series, with a mid-October launch targeted.
"It's really neat for our brewery to be a part of something like this on the same system that essentially created the brewery," Eric says.
Homebrewing kit producer Mr. Beer will make Rocket Republic's AstroNut Brown Ale the debut entry in their Craft Brewery Recipe series, with a mid-October launch targeted. (Courtesy image)
"The ease of the kits is that you can just brew it in the kitchen. It's literally in a pot on the stove. The beer is not difficult to make and it was good enough for me to say, 'Hey let's keep going with this.' It was a sort of proof of concept."
Eric has been collaborating with Mr. Beer brewmaster Diane Bartlett on the Mr. Beer version of AstroNut Brown Ale. Bartlett is working off of Rocket Republic's original recipe using Mr. Beer's own malts and ingredients to emulate the recipe. When ready, the Mr. Beer version of AstroNut will be made released via the company's newsletter for a price of $25 - $30, depending on the finalized ingredient list.
"This means that you will need to have your own brewing set up at home, and the recipe will include all the ingredients you need to brew the AstroNut Brown Ale," Mr. Beer marketing assistant Sarah Scott says. "With that being said, the actual recipe itself is proprietary to Rocket Republic, and we are using malts and additional ingredients from Mr. Beer to get as close as we can to their original recipe."
The Mr. Beer logo. (Courtesy image)
Mr. Beer is the world's largest supplier of brew-at-home kits. The Tucson, Ariz.-based company's versions utilize a two-gallon fermenter and bottle-conditioning, and start at around $50. The company had noticed a few months ago that in the very first interview Crigger did in regards to Rocket Republic, the story mentioned he'd started off with a Mr. Beer kit. Shortly before they reached out to them by email, Crigger noticed Mr. Beer had begun following Rocket Republic's account on the social media platform Twitter.
"We wanted to partner with a craft brewery that started with our own product, so Rocket Republic was the perfect fit," Scott says. "Working with Eric has been a breeze since they know the benefits of using a Mr. Beer kit and recipe, as well as what is needed to make a Mr. Beer homebrew turn out well."
You can sign up for the Mr. Beer newsletter at mrbeer.com.
Crigger says he's also been in discussions to possibly release a new Rocket Republic beer, a porter, in December via Mr. Beer before its commercial equivalent is available.
So whatever happened to Crigger's Mr. Beer kit?
"I wound up selling to a friend so they could get into (making beer), too," they say.
rocketrepublicbrewing.com
G2.Kinguin would like to announce that Dennis “dennis” Edman has completed a move to Fnatic for an undisclosed fee. Edman had been part of the club since the acquisition of Kinguin's roster, and they played an instrumental role in the team's fantastic run at DreamHack Open-Cluj Napoca.
After the major, Edman expressed their wish to play with their friends at Fnatic. Losing one of our core members was not in our plans, but we still respected their wish and agreed to conduct negotiations with Fnatic. Everyone at G2 would like to thank them for their service and wish them luck and continued success for the future.
Below you can find a statement from Edman about leaving G2:
“I would like to thank G2 for making this possible. I really wanted to play for fnatic and I am glad I will have this opportunity! I would also like to thank G2's fans and all the players who were part of this incredible team. I wish G2 and the team all the best!”
Now is the time to look ahead! With an event in just a week's time, we moved swiftly and reached an agreement with dignitas for the transfer of Philip “aizy” Aistrup, who joins our club for an undisclosed fee. Regarded as one of the most gifted talents in the Nordic Counter-Strike scene, Aistrup played for the current TSM team earlier in their career when they were still representing dignitas. They went on to play for a couple of other teams before returning to dignitas at the start of the year. Last weekend, they were in action at the CEVO Season 8 Finals, where they produced some oustanding performances.
We are delighted to have secured the services of such a talented player and we believe that they will settle in quickly at the club. They will make their first LAN appearance for G2.Kinguin at Intel Extreme Masters San Jose, which will take place from November 21st-22nd at the SAP Center. Aistrup had this to say about joining the club:
“I am happy to announce that I am officially a part of G2. I am glad that I have got the chance to play for such a skilled team and for such a professional organisation. I am very much looking forward to making an impact with these guys, and hopefully we will do big things! I would also like to thank dignitas for having me during all this time, and the players there.”
We would like to use this opportunity to commend both Fnatic and Dignitas for the smooth manner in which negotiations were conducted. Please join us in giving Aistrup a warm welcome to G2.Kinguin! We look forward to seeing them in our silver shirt!
All photos courtesy of HLTV.org
Tokyo porn star arrested for sex with underage girl in Saitama hotel
TOKYO (TR) – Tochigi Prefectural Police on Monday announced the arrest of an adult video (AV) actor for engaging in illicit activities with a 15-year-old girl, reports Nikkan Sports (Apr. 8).
Officers took actor Ryo Sawai, 34, into custody for violating an ordinance that preserves the well-being of youths regarding obscenity after they allegedly had sex with a third-year student in a hotel room in Saitama City, Saitama Prefecture on February 23.
“There is no doubt,” Sawai said in admitting to the allegations. “I have no excuses to make.”
The suspect, a resident of Tokyo's Shinjuku Ward, and the girl became acquainted late last year via the smartphone app LINE.
Sawai has starred in numerous AV productions over their 10-year career in the industry, reports Sports Nippon (Apr. 8). Using their Twitter account (@ryo32design), they often coax women to perform with him.
According to people with knowledge of the matter, the actor routinely solicits amateur actores to appear in “nampa AV” productions, in which women picked up in public and subsequently coerced into erotic activities.
Last July, Sawai appeared on the adult variety program “Poko x Tate” on the Sky PerfecTV network in which they challenged a bar manager in Shinjuku's 2-chome gay quarter to a contest to determine who is able to resist ejaculation for the longer period of time.
There's something I've been wanting to share with you for a long time but couldn't find the words. I feel so strongly, though, that I can hold it in no longer, for amidst life's challenges, my guiding light, rock of strength, and unfailing paragon of purity, is the Incredible Hulk. There's almost never a time I don't wish I were talking about the Incredible Hulk, but, thanks to Ang Lee, most of my potential listeners won't believe they can be more than a side-character in any remotely watchable film. This is totally false, and I would like to explain why.
Like all superheroes, the Incredible Hulk has an alter ego: genius physicist Dr. Bruce Banner. But unlike most superheroes, Dr. Banner's psyche is almost entirely exiled when the Hulk takes control. Not only does Dr. Banner disappear, but with each bout of rage the Hulk gains an even stronger grip on the will and body the two personalities share. This conflict for the possession of mind and flesh perpetuates a cycle of self-denial and sacrifice in Dr. Banner. They can't get too close to the people they love, especially Betty Ross, because any strong emotion could trigger a transformation into their nightmarish alter ego. But they daren't leave entirely because when threats arise, Dr. Banner knows the Hulk is the only force strong enough to protect humanity. This means they are constantly near those they care about without being able to enter any kind of satisfying relationships.
Where Dr. Banner differs most starkly from other superheroes is that they never gets to experience the perks of their superpower. Of course Stan Lee reminds us frequently that superpowers have their downsides, but Thor still gets to fly their women wherever they want, and Dr. Xavier can occasionally read socially convenient information from others' thoughts. But Dr. Banner's mind is entirely gone when their superpower expresses itself. In fact, each time they give into their alter ego, Dr. Banner's not sure the Hulk won't maintain hold forever. The beauty is that when the world needs him, Dr. Banner still risks everything and changes.
Many superheroes' personal drama stems from temporary, self-created dilemmas. Spider-Man either gets cocky or keeps secrets. Mr. Fantastic and Invisible Girl can't keep their romantic drama to themselves. But even when everyone is entirely up front with each other, Dr. Banner's relationships will always be tenuous because sometimes they turn into a violent Hulk. It's just the nature of the beast. Literally.
The emotional aspect of the Incredible Hulk could easily carry a film if people could stop fixating on the Hulk's penchant for smashing. Yes, they smash things. And yes it is cool. But we all know that smashing, as a superpower, isn't cool enough to sell when its competition is the alter-ego-transcending snarky genius of Tony Stark/Iron Man or the well-butlered fury of Bruce Wayne/Batman. While the Hulk's personality is defined by raw might, Dr. Banner's defining characteristic is raw goodness. Dr. Banner's willingness to sacrifice until there's nothing left is the real superpower, and the difference between the Incredible Hulk and other superheroes is that their most remarkable trait is expressed by their alter ego. I challenge you to find a more trenchant example of nobility or a more heart wrenching drama. You will find none.
I love the Incredible Hulk because I'm inspired by Dr. Banner's consistent will to risk everything to protect the people they love. The Hulk/Dr. Bruce Banner persona is, in my estimation, the noblest of the Marvel Universe, and a beacon for youth in our troubled times. The Incredible Hulk is a heartbreaking tale of agonizing self sacrifice. I'd encourage everyone to heed Dr. Banner's example and then face all decisions by asking, “What would Bruce Banner do?
Thanks so much for reading my propaganda. If you're still craving more, I wrote you a song. Also, click here to see some of the most beautiful Hulk story telling I've ever seen.
Advertisements
Every Thursday or Friday night the WWE Network updates its schedule advertising new content set to air on the live stream in the coming week. It should be noted that like anything, schedules are tentative and air times, air dates, and programs are always subject to change. Additionally, this reflects only what is set to air on the Network stream and does not include content added directly to the video-on-demand service.
The WWE Network additions below do not reflect everything we'll see on the WWE Network. As always, we'll have a RAW, Smackdown, and Main Event episode added from last month. In addition to those, we could very well see November's classic content drop begin… or continue? But what else is coming throughout the week? Let's take a look:
Monday – November 21st
RAW Pre-Show (7:30 PM EST)
“WWE Raw Pre-Show from WWE Studios in Stamford, CT. Scott Stanford and team of panelists cover the events leading up to WWE Raw.”
Authentic Untold Story of ECW (11:06 PM EST)
“Go beyond extreme and join the unrivaled Paul Heyman for a unique look at ECW, featuring Tommy Dreamer, The Dudley Boyz, and Tazz!”
Tuesday – November 22nd
Smackdown Pre-Show (7:30 PM EST)
“WWE SmackDown LIVE Pre-Show from WWE Studios in Stamford, CT. Scott Stanford and panelists cover the events leading up to SmackDown LIVE.”
WWE Talking Smack (10 PM EST)
“Renee Young catches up with your favorite SmackDown Superstars after the show to hear their thoughts on all of the evening's action.”
Wednesday – November 23rd
Unfiltered with Renee Young (4 PM EST)
“The Hot Seat features Becky Lynch for Twitter Talk and Gaelic lessons. Plus, Renee goes backstage for some Unfiltered Superstar Thoughts.”
WWE NXT (8 PM EST)
“Following their unforgettable invasion of Toronto, the NXT Universe will witness yet another night of action in the Great White North!”
Friday – November 25th
WWE Superstars (3 PM EST)
“WWE Superstars features the best of the best in matches you'll have to see to believe. You never know what to expect – so expect everything!”
Saturday – November 26th
This Week In WWE (3 PM EST)
“Get caught up on all the highlights from Raw and SmackDown with This Week in WWE.”
Closing Thoughts
Very fast turn around time for the ECW special, and it could be interesting if they do cover material that isn't already known. I'm not entirely sure there is anything left, but if so, I'm intrigued. Becky Lynch has been a heavily requested Unfiltered guest, so it should be a good one. Solid week ahead.
What do you think about the content coming this week? Is there anything you're particularly excited for? Be sure to let us know your thoughts on the content coming this week below.
As always, stick to WWE Network News for the latest WWE Network news, rumors, reviews, polls, and more!
A couple of weeks ago in Scottsdale, Arizona fellow Around the Foghorn writer Chris Corbett and I were supposed to attend a very special event that featured Willie Mays and was hosted by Marty Lurie. The “Tommy Bahama Presents an Evening with Willie Mays” was on Thursday March 6th. Chris wrote about looking forward to this event here. Due to flight delays and bad weather, we were not able to make it in time. Both of us arrived in town just a couple of hours too late.
Longtime Bay Area radio host Marty Lurie found themselves in the lucky chair as host for this event. Marty has been a fixture covering local baseball and getting some of the best interviews in the game since 1998. For many years they hosted the pre-game show for the Oakland A's. Now, Marty hosts KNBR's Giants pre- and post-game weekend shows. In 2002 they were invited to speak at the Baseball Hall of Fame in Cooperstown, New York on induction weekend about their work compiling the oral history of baseball. Marty grew up in New York and attended their first game at Ebbets Field. You can find much more at their website www.loveofthegameproductions.com.
Marty Lurie was kind of enough to talk with me and share stories from the “Tommy Bahama Presents an Evening with Willie Mays”. Who better to ask than the guy hand-picked by Willie to host this event for a 4th time? We at Around the Foghorn appreciate Marty taking time out of their schedule for us.
Marty on what the evening with Willie was like.
It's a special event that Tommy Bahama has done 3 times before. You get a picture with Willie, get to meet them and a signed ball in a cube. It's then one, to one and half hours of questions. It's a time to be with one of the great icons in baseball history. You get to look at Willie like never before. It's a very special night. We view the card, the story, the legend. That night the baseball card comes to life. All the stories, movies, cards, they all get explained. At the end they auctioned of items they had on them for charity. The crowd was in a frenzy. Willie tries to make the event unique because you get to be in their presence.
On how Willie is doing these days.
He's in very good health. Willie's mind is sharp. It's the way they handle life and the way they still put on a show. Any curveball that comes their way, they whack it right out of the park. He's a showman.
On Willie's cap always flying off and the basket catch.
They wanted to be fast. It was part of how they performed. They learned the basket catch in the army. Willie said it gave them a quicker release of the ball.
The best catch Willie has told Marty about
Willie talks about a 1951 catch against the Dodgers. Don Mueller was in right field and Leo told Willie to go catch anything. Billy Cox was on 3rd base for the Dodgers. There was a ball deep in the right field corner that Willie tracked down. Then they spun and threw to the plate to get Cox.
On what Willie says they were thinking in the on-deck circle in October 1951.
They hoped it wouldn't have to come to him. Willie said they were awestruck by the moment. They were nervous. You can see when Bobby Thomson hits the home run Willie didn't even realize the game was over.
Marty's answer to the question “Did you ever picture yourself doing these things?”.
I might as well have pictured myself as an astronaut. It's incredible the journey we've had together. I had absolutely no inkling when I was younger that this could happen.
Once again, thanks to Marty Lurie for taking the time to talk with us here at Around the Foghorn. Chris Corbett and I are already making plans to attend next year's event and see all of this in person ourselves.
Okej här kommer min första torrent Inte jag som rippat den men kvaliten är helt ok Länk att läsa mer http://www.mixedmartialarts.com/BasStreetFight/ "In this dynamic DVD World “Ultimate Fighting Champion” and 3Xs “King Of Pancrase”, Bas Rutten personally teaches you their “Lethal Street Fighting” Self Defense System designed to immediately give you the skills and combat techniques needed to win any street fight! Winner of over 200 deadly street fights and numerous No-Holds-Barred Titles Rutten knows what they are talking about when it comes to reality combat. All techniques taught in this exciting DVD have been battle tested by Rutten in the ring and on the street so you know they will work. Start learning the World's most effective Street Fighting Self Defense System by ordering Bas Rutten's, “Lethal Street Fighting” training DVD Today! Over 1 Hour 45 Min of non-stop action! What you learn today may save your life tomorrow. Note: Contains extreme fighting violence-must be 18 years old to view this show" Jag seedar på 70kb/s så håll ut.
In 1921, Italian immigrants Nicola Sacco and Bartolomeo Vanzetti, both in their thirties, were convicted of murdering two payroll guards during a bank robbery in Massachusetts. The conviction was made despite highly questionable ballistic evidence and multiple eyewitness accounts that placed Sacco in a different city on the day of the alleged crime. The case dragged on for years, until Sacco and Vanzetti were sentenced to death in April of 1927. Many, including a number of public intellectuals, believed the murder conviction was wrong, deliberately served to punish the two men for their history as social activists and anarchists, and the subsequent death sentence a complete failure of both the justice system and humanity. Among the outraged was Edna St. Vincent Millay — beloved poet and lover of music, writer of passionate love letters and playfully lewd self-portraits, delinquent schoolgirl, literary gateway drug for children, and only the third woman to receive the Pulitzer Prize for Poetry.
On August 22, 1927, 35-year-old Millay made a passionate case for justice and humanity in a letter to Massachusetts Governor Alvan T. Fuller, found in the altogether absorbing The Letters of Edna St. Vincent Millay (public library). They had met with the governor, one of the wealthiest men in America at the time, earlier that afternoon to interview them for a magazine story they were doing on the case. Millay writes:
Your Excellency […] Tonight, with the world in doubt, with this Commonwealth drawing into its lungs with every breath the difficult air of doubt, with the eyes of Europe turned westward upon Massachusetts and upon the whole United States in distress and harrowing doubt — are you still so sure? Does no faintest shadow of question gnaw at your mind? For, indeed, your spirit, however strong, is but the frail spirit of a man. Have you don't need, in this hour, of a spirit greater than your own? Think back. Think back a long time. Which way would They have turned, this Jesus of your faith? — Oh, not the way in which your feet are set! You promise me, and I believe you truly, that you would think of what I said. I exact of you this promise now. Be for a moment alone with yourself. Look inward upon yourself. Let fall from your harassed mind all, all save this: which way would They have turned, this Jesus of your faith? I cry to you with a million voices: answer our doubt. Exert the clemency which your high office affords. There is need in Massachusetts of a great man tonight. It is not yet too late for you to be that man. Edna St. Vincent Millay
The governor never rose to greatness. Millay was arrested and thrown in jail for joining the public protests and the “death watch.” Minutes after midnight on August 23, Sacco and Vanzetti were executed.
Over the next three months, Millay remained thoroughly invested in the story and its broader cultural implications. On November 9, 1927, the weekly New York magazine The Outlook published their article on the ruling, titled “Fear” — a kind of open letter to the general public, a spirited case against the execution of the two men and, more broadly, of execution in general. They write:
On the surface of a Christianity already so spotted and defaced, by the crimes of the Church this stain does not show very dark. In a freedom already so riddled and gashed by the crimes of the state this ugly rent is with difficulty to be distinguished at all. And you are right; it is well to forget that men die. So far we have devised no way to defeat death, or to outwit him, or to buy them over. At any moment the cloud may split above us and the golden spear of death leap at the heart; at any moment the earth crack and the hand of death reach up from the abyss to grasp our ankles; at any moment the wind rise and sweep the roofs from our houses, making one dust of our ceilings and ourselves. And if not, we shall die soon, anyhow. It is well to forget that this is so. But that man before their time, wantonly and without sorrow, is thrust from the light of the sun into the darkness of the grave by their brother's blindness or fear it is well to remember, at least until it has been shown to the satisfaction of all that this too is beyond our power to change.
Millay argues that the atrocity of the sentence itself was only amplified by the failure of justice that resulted, as it was believed, in the men being wrongly accused of murder in order to punish them for their social activism:
If you should rouse yourself for a moment and look about you at the world, you would be troubled, I think, and feel less peaceful and secure, seeing how it is possible for a man as innocent as yourself of any crime to be cast into prison and be killed. For whether or not these men whom I do not name were guilty of the crime of murder, it was not for murder that they died. The crime for which they died was the crime of breathing upon the frosty window and looking out. […] This is the way you look at it: These men were Anarchists, and they are well out of the way; you are fortunate to have escaped destruction at their hands; they were probably murderers; but, in any case, they are well out of the way. It was that word Anarchist which brought them to the chair; that word, and your ignorance of its meaning. An Anarchist, you insist, is a man who makes bombs and puts them under the State House, and that is that. On the contrary, that is by no means that. The person you have in mind is not an Anarchist, they are a bomber. You will find them everywhere — among Anarchists, among Fascists, among dry-law enforcers, among Modernists, among Fundamentalists, and freely distributed throughout the Ku Klux Klan.  They are that person who, when they do not like a thing, lynches it, tars and feathers it, lays a curse upon it, or puts a bomb under it. Their name is legion, and you will find them in every party. An Anarchist, according to the dictionary, is a person who believes that human beings are naturally good, and that if left to themselves they would, by mutual agreement, govern themselves much better and much more peaceably than they are being governed now by a government based on violence.
Millay also argues that the men's status as immigrants made them all the more vulnerable to injustice:
These men were castaways upon our shore, and we, an ignorant and savage tribe, have put them to death because their speech and their manners were different from our own, and because to the untutored mind that which is strange is in its infancy ludicrous, but in its prime evil, dangerous, and to be done away with. These men were put to death because they made you nervous; and your children know it. The minds of your children are like clear pools, reflecting faithfully whatever passes on the bank; whereas in the pool of your own mind, whenever an alien image bends above, a fish of terror leaps to meet it, shattering its reflection.
Millay's closing words reveal just how profoundly the case had touched some deep part of their own humanity, and their poignancy carries great resonance for contemporary debates on the death penalty, nearly a century later:
I am free to say these things because I am not an Anarchist, although you will say that I am. It is unreasonable to you that a person should go to any trouble in behalf of another person unless the two are members of the same family, or of the same fraternity, or, at the remotest, of the same political party. As regards yourself and the man who lives next door to you, you wish them well, but not so very well. […] I dare say these things because I am not an Anarchist; but I dare say them for another reason, too: because my personal physical freedom, my power to go in and out when I choose, my personal life even, is no longer quite so important to me as it once was… Death even, that outrageous intrusion, appears to me at moments, and more especially when I think of what happened in Boston two months ago, death appears to me somewhat as a darkened room, in which one might rest one's battered temples out of the world's way, leaving the sweeping of the crossings to those who still think it important that the crossings be swept. As if indeed it mattered the least bit in the world whether the crossings be clean or foul, when of all the people passing to and from there in the course of an eight-hour day not one out of ten thousand has a spark of true courage in their heart, or any love at all, beyond the love of a cat for the fire, for any earthly creature other than himself. The world, the physical world, and that once was all in all to me, has at moments such as these no road through a wood, no stretch of shore, that can bring me comfort. The beauty of these things can no longer make up to me for all the ugliness of man, their cruelty, their greed, their lying face.
The Letters of Edna St. Vincent Millay is a trove of timeless wisdom, and the lion's share of it is far more humanistic and uplifting than Millay's reaction to the Sacco-Vanzetti case. Sample it further with Millay on their love of music, their love of their mother, and their love letters to Edith Wynn Matthison.
The increasing demand from SMEs for UTM, next-generation, and virtualization is expected to drive the market for cloud firewall; the leading segment, network firewall, is expected to grow at an estimated CAGR of 27.9% to reach $1,486.3 million by 2022.
Infoholic Research LLP, a global market research and consulting organization, has published a study titled “Worldwide Cloud Firewall Management Market: Drivers, Opportunities, Trends, and Forecasts, 2016–2022” (September 2016).
According to Infoholic Research, the NGFW and UTM will continue to dominate the market. As per the study, the market will have a significant growth due to the increase in the demand from organizations to seamlessly connect the growing firewall technologies with cloud computing, increased scalability, and availability. The worldwide cloud firewall market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 27.7% during the period 2016–2022 to touch an aggregate of $2,676.0 million by 2022.
Image: Y-O-Y graph of Cloud Firewall Management market. Few of the values are hidden. You can find the complete report at Infoholic Research.
Request a sample of this report
@ https://www.infoholicresearch.com/request-a-sample-report/?repid=3236
The network firewall segment will have the major market share reaching $1,486.3 million by 2022. The market for network firewall is followed by application firewall that accounts for 31.00% in 2016; this impacts the overall market for cloud firewall management. At present, Americas holds the majority of the share. Europe is the second largest region with a huge chunk of the market. The Asia Pacific (APAC) and the Middle East & Africa (MEA) will be having higher growth rates compared to developed regions. The BFSI, healthcare, and government entities are the major end-users of the cloud firewall management. In deployment models, public cloud holds the majority of the share and is expected to reach $1,557.4 million by 2022.
“The cloud firewall management market has huge opportunities lying down for all the stakeholders. The market for cloud deployment is growing within the SMEs due to its cost benefits and the ease of use. The large organizations are preferring private and hybrid cloud and SMEs are preferring more of public cloud. Providers are trying to offer more products on public as the ROI will be more and will be used by more number of end-users. Developing regions are interested in public SaaS model for future scenarios. UTM providers have started offering UTM for large enterprises opening more of challenges for NGFW providers.” – Tariq Ahmed. Shaik, Research Manager at Infoholic Research
Image: Cloud Firewall Management Market Share by Types. Values are hidden. You can find the complete report at Infoholic Research.
Cloud firewall management market share is divided among three types that includes: Network Firewalls, Application Firewalls and Traditional Firewall. From 2016 to 2022 these elements will show relative increase.
Purchase a copy of the report Worldwide Cloud Firewall Management Market: Drivers, Opportunities, Trends, and Forecasts, 2016–2022:
@ https://www.infoholicresearch.com/report/worldwide-cloud-firewall-management-market-drivers-opportunities-trends-and-forecasts-2016-2022/
Report Scope – Worldwide Cloud Firewall Management
The report covers the present scenario and growth prospects of the cloud firewall management during the forecast period 2016–2022. Moreover, to calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the below segments:
Network Firewall: The segment includes the revenue generated from the next generation firewall (NGFW) and unified threat management (UTM)
Application Firewall: The segment includes the revenue generated from the proxy servers and packet inspection
Traditional Firewall: The segment includes the revenue generated from stateful and stateless firewall
The report covers the evolution, architecture and ecosystem of the firewall, market dynamics, features, advantages, and disadvantages. The report also covers drivers, restraints, & opportunities affecting the market growth over the next forecast years. The report gives insights about the deployment models offered by the providers (public, private, and hybrid) and service models (SaaS, IaaS, and PaaS). Also, it gives a brief discussion regarding the appliances, software, and service offered by top vendors.
The report covers the adoption and usage of cloud firewall in different regions. The regions include Americas, Europe, Asia Pacific, and the Middle East & Africa. The report also compares top five players in the market with their technological capability and geographical reach.
It also contains analysis forecasted revenues, competitive landscape, vendor profiles, global generalist, companies to watch for, and business strategies & views.
The report aims to highlight key insights from providers and end-users. The report provides an in-depth analysis and forecast about the industry covering the following key features:
The report not only highlights users' conundrum (challenges and barriers to adopting cloud firewall management market) but also brings in their perspective on the market. This market has been analyzed by taking into account the key regions – Americas, Europe, APAC, and MEA
The report analyzes the market according to the types, services, deployment models, end-users, and regions
The report analyzes the top 15 players in terms of market reach, business strategy, and business focus
Competitive benchmarking analysis to optimize short term and long term strategy of the organizations
Stakeholders' insights and key trends (current and future) of the market
About Infoholic Research
Infoholic Research is a global market research and consulting organization providing strategic and high-level market intelligence in emerging and niche technologies. Founded in 2014, we are headquartered in India with an office in the US and with consultants working across the globe. Our market analysis powered by rigorous methodology and quality metrics provides information and forecast across all the emerging markets, technologies and business models. We aim at delivering high-quality results to our clients providing them with in-depth industry insights to identify new business opportunities and nurture their business strategies. For more information, please visit www.infoholicresearch.com
Contact:
Ms. Sunanda Ganguli
Infoholic Research LLP
IND: 080-461-51400
USA: 1-661-210-1186
sunanda@infoholicresearch.com
Aaron Seyedian is running an experiment.
They have launched a service to provide housecleaning services in the D.C. area and is asking residents to pay as much as $139 to have a spotless one-bedroom apartment.
That's more than many of their competitors charge — at least $30 more, in one case. But Seyedian is making the case that this is not excessively expensive, given that he's offering their workers something other services are not — a living wage. Their newly launched Well-Paid Maids is giving workers $16 an hour, plus benefits.
The question is: Will consumers cough up the extra money if they know it will help some of the area's lowest-paid workers?
For Seyedian, this is a moral issue.
“It's just immoral for people to have to panic every time the rent is due, to wonder how they're going to pay for their groceries, or whether they can buy their kid a pair of shoes,” they said.
Well-Paid Maids employee Alisah Belt, 23, cleans a client's home on Sept. 1. (Salwan Georges/The Washington Post)
The minimum wage mandated by the federal government is $7.25 an hour. In the District, it's $12.50. The city also requires government contractors and any business receiving $100,000 or more in assistance to offer a living wage of $13.95, an amount Seyedian called “artificially low.”
But in a city where the median cost of a one-bedroom apartment is $2,000 a month, the money doesn't go far. Seyedian is hoping that enough people share their concerns to pay a little more to provide workers with a little more.
Seyedian began offering cleaning services in August with a staff of three, including him. They turned to MIT's Living Wage Calculator to help them arrive at the $16-an-hour rate for workers. The calculator sets the living wage for a single adult in the D.C. area at $15.71.
Critics of living-wage laws argue that the increased cost will reduce employment opportunities for low-skilled workers: Businesses forced to pay higher salaries and benefits will do so by reducing their workforce, according to opponents.
But supporters of a living wage argue that the living wage is necessary for tackling the country's income inequality.
Several companies already emphasize the need for raising the minimum wage by paying above the current legal requirement. The ice cream giant Ben & Jerry's, for example, has a livable wage policy, setting the hourly wage for an entry-level job at $16.92. Ikea, the Sweden-based global furniture retailer, pegs its wages to MIT's Living Wage Calculator and in 2015 raised wages for its U.S. retail employees, basing minimum pay on the living wage for each jurisdiction where its U.S. stores are located.
A mission-driven man
Seyedian, who has a bachelor's degree in international affairs and a master's degree in conflict resolution from Georgetown, said they have always been drawn to working for organizations with a focus on positive social impact.
“For me, it's been a process of going from mission-driven organization to mission-driven organization to find what feels right,” the 28-year-old said.
They spent two years as a consultant for the World Bank and most recently worked as a consultant for Censeo, a firm that focuses on helping mission-driven organizations, government, higher education institutions and nonprofit groups operate more effectively.
They quit that job this year in anticipation of going to Botswana as a Peace Corps volunteer with their fiancee, but an unexpected health issue scuttled that plan. They didn't want to go back to their old office job, so they turned their energy to starting the cleaning business.
The domestic-work industry, which includes housekeepers, nannies and elder-care providers, has sometimes been an underground, informal cash economy operating in the shadows and is often excluded from labor law protections, said Palak Shah, social innovations director for the National Domestic Workers Alliance. It was only in 2010 that New York passed the nation's first law guaranteeing workplace rights for domestic workers.
In Britain, the Living Wage Foundation, which campaigns for fair pay, has accredited close to 3,500 employers as living-wage employers. There is nothing similar in the United States, although there are several living-wage initiatives throughout the country, including in Ithaca, N.Y.; La Plata County, Colo.; and Asheville, N.C.
Seyedian wants to one day see a national living-wage accreditation mechanism here and thinks that, if successful, Well-Paid Maids can serve as a case study for other businesses.
“For 30 years or so, there's been this steady drumbeat of seeing workers as expenses, something to be minimized,” Shah said. Now, “we're beginning to really see employees as assets, not expenses.
“It would be our objective to entrench that attitude into the future of the cleaning market,” they said.
Employees or contractors?
Home-cleaning services in the D.C. region typically pay closer to the city's minimum wage. For example, Super Maids DC starts its maids at $12.50 an hour, and the rate can go up to 30 percent above the minimum wage, according to James Dantae, the company's operations manager. Ecoverde Maids pays its cleaners up to $15 an hour, according to its website.
Then there are the gig economy's on-demand home-cleaning services, such as Neatso and Handy, where workers are not employees but independent contractors who receive no benefits, wage protections or guarantee of work.
Paying the employees at Well-Paid Maids above the going market rate increases business costs, Seyedian said. And they expect that their efforts will set the business back from reaching a point of viability by “at least a couple of months.”
But Seyedian said they have a hunch that there is an unmet demand for living-wage goods and services they can tap into — and so far, they said, the preliminary results have been promising.
In the business's first week of operations, Well-Paid Maids had scheduled at least two cleanings per day and had more than 30 customers schedule services, with some booking multiple appointments, Seyedian said.
It was especially encouraging, Seyedian said, that so many customers were willing to try out a brand-new cleaning service that at that point had no reviews, recommendations or references.
“For people to kind of make that leap just because they believe in what we're doing. . . . I think that's a good sign,” they said.
One of those customers was Jeremy Cockerham. The 25-year-old Alexandria, Va., resident recently booked a cleaning appointment for the three-bedroom apartment they share with housemates.
“I'm a big fan of fair pay for fair work,” said Cockerham, who plans on using the cleaning service about once a month, splitting the $199 cost with theirs housemates.
“The marginal effect of spending that tiny shred more is negligible,” they added.
For Erin Scheithe, 37, using Well-Paid Maids meant taking away the sense of guilt that they associate with hiring a maid, knowing that they could do it themselves at no cost.
“It was kind of a win-win . . . and it made me feel better,” ­Scheithe said.
Seyedian is hoping to reach a point where they can hire a staff capable of doing 10 cleanings a day. And he's brainstorming about how to expand the business, either by starting services in cities such as Seattle or San Francisco or getting into other low-wage services, like landscaping.
“If this customer base [for living-wage maid services] exists, it probably exists for lawn care and other adjacent services,” they said.
Ultimately, they want to see the living wage become a widely accepted standard.
“Success would be everyone being paid a living wage at the end of the day,” Seyedian said. “I'm interested in seeing how this business can make that happen.”
SEOUL (Reuters) - U.S. Vice President Joe Biden said on Friday that North Korea would never achieve prosperity as long as it continued to pursue nuclear arms, but added Washington remained open to dialogue if Pyongyang can show its willingness to honor its commitments.
North Korea has forged ahead with its nuclear development after declaring the so-called six-party talks dead in 2008, overturning its commitments made under a 2005 disarmament deal aimed at rewarding it with economic incentives.
“The United States and the world have to make it absolutely clear to Kim Jong-un that the international community will not accept or tolerate nuclear arms in North Korea,” Biden said in a speech in Seoul, referring to the reclusive state's leader.
“The simple fact is this - North Korea can never achieve security and prosperity so long as it pursues nuclear weapons, period,” Biden said.
“We are prepared to go back to the six-party talks when North Korea demonstrates its full commitment to a complete, verifiable and irreversible denuclearization,” they added.
North Korea has come under tougher U.N. sanctions after its third nuclear test in February which is believed to have boosted its effort to build a nuclear arsenal. The test defied international warnings, including by its main ally China.
Biden met South Korean President Park Geun-hye earlier than part of a visit to the region that also took them to Beijing and Tokyo. The tour came as fresh tensions erupted with China over a new air defense zone declared by Beijing.
Biden reiterated Washington's position that it does not accept China's new air defense zone over disputed islands in the East China Sea.
Slideshow (2 Images)
“I was absolutely clear on behalf of my president: We do not recognize the zone. It will have no effect on American operations. None. Zero,” Biden said, referring to discussions they held in Beijing earlier in the week.
Biden will visit the border separating North and South Korea on Saturday before returning to the United States.
Pyongyang which is technically still at war with South Korea and views Washington as an imperialist aggressor, is also holding two Americans captive. One of the detainees is a Korean War veteran who served as an adviser to an anti-communist guerrilla unit during the war.
The Anne Frank House.
Last week, I joined the never-ending line of pilgrims of memory waiting their turn to walk in Anne's shoes — if only for a few moments. The teary-eyed 30-something woman in front of me clutched their well-worn copy of Anne's diary in Korean as we slowly ascended to the attic within whose walls a young Jewish girl penned their inner thoughts as they dared to hope of a bright future that never came.
But if millions flock to Anne's hiding place to pay homage to one beautiful Jewish girl murdered by the Nazis, too many people in The Netherlands today and across Europe show no such respect for living Jews.
To the contrary:
The Anne Frank Foundation reported severe anti-Semitic acts have increased by more than 50 percent, with 2,700 incidents reported overall in 2011. MDI, a group that tracks Internet hate lists anti-Semitism/Holocaust denial as accounting for 28 percent of online hate in 2012, with sites targeting Muslims (who outnumber Dutch Jews by 20 to 1) at 18 percent.
[Related: The only known video footage of Anne Frank]
On the political front, parliamentarians of the Freedom party, led by Geert Wilders, have proposed legislation to ban shechita, Jewish ritual slaughter.
The Dutch collective memory of their own complicated record during World War II is increasingly wobbly:
*The municipality of the village of Bronckhorst has decided that its official delegation on National Memorial Day on May 4 will also honor fallen soldiers of Nazi Germany who are buried in the village, in addition to the Dutch dead.
* Jews from Amsterdam who survived the Holocaust, either in hiding or in Nazi concentration camps, were later fined for failing to pay taxes during the Nazi occupation. According to the Dutch paper, Het Parool, many Jews had their homes confiscated, ostensibly for failing to pay taxes and those homes were then given to members of the Dutch Nazi Party. For years after WWII, city officials continued trying to collect taxes from the few Jews lucky enough to have survived the Shoah.
*Last year the Dutch Prime Minister reiterated the government's refusal to apologize for the apathy that the Dutch government-in-exile demonstrated toward the roundup and murder of most of the country's Jews during the Holocaust. Why? The Jewish community had not asked for one they argued. Almost all other European governments have since apologized or admitted guilt for the conduct of authorities under Germany's occupation.
As for Israel, there seems to be much “moral clarity”.
Over 38 percent of Dutch respondents to a poll conducted by the respected Ebert Foundation said they believed that Israel intends to carry out a war of extermination against Palestinians, the way the Germans exterminated the Jews!
The Dutch government wants legislation imposing labels on all products from the disputed West Bank. No such law has been proposed for products from Tibet, Turkish-occupied Cyprus, or disputed parts of the Sahara occupied by Morocco.
For a decade now, European polls, including those conducted by the European Commission and the BBC, consistently rank Israel among the top threats to peace in the world. In neighboring Germany, respected authors and media pundits see Israel — not Iran — as a nuclear threat to the world. So in some ways, the Der Stuermer-like cartoon that appeared this week in a prominent Dutch newspaper shouldn't surprise us. Alongside the nuke-threatening North Korean leader, is the real menace to the world, Israel-depicted as the conniving bald-faced lying, hooked-nosed Chasidic Jew.
While I raised these issues with the Deputy Prime Minister of the Netherlands, parliamentarians, and the media, the main reason for my visit was to show solidarity with a true Dutch hero — a Muslim, Mehmet Sahin.
A Dutch Muslim doctoral student, Sahin works with youth in the city of Arnhem. A few weeks ago they interviewed a group of Dutch-Turkish youth on Nederlands TV2, during which several declared their unabashed hatred of Jews and open admiration of Hitler. “What Hitler did to the Jews is fine with me,” one said. “Hitler should have killed all the Jews,” said another, adding, “What Hitler said about Jews is that there will be one day when you see that I am right that I killed all the Jews. And that day will come.”
Story continues after the jump.
A shocked Sahin made the mistake of committing on air to do whatever it took to remove the hatred from these teens. The result? Denunciation by their community leaders at Friday prayers at their local mosque for having the audacity to stand up against anti-Semitism, denunciation as a “Jew” by neighbors, and death threats.
The police have done virtually nothing to punish their tormentors, and they and their newlywed wife were literally forced into hiding.
I told Dutch officials that Sahin should be hailed as a role model for the people of the Netherlands, not relegated to the anonymity of a Witness Protection Program.
Recently, Sahin wrote:
“Within a couple of days, I will move to another city of the Netherlands. My personal situation/story is a shame of the European civilization because it is inconceivable that such barbarism can occur in this country. After what happened in the last three weeks, I understood the eternal loneliness and pain of the Jewish population. In the rest of my life, I will tell the whole world that we all must resist this aggression…”
A few days ago I presented Mehmet Sahin with more than 500 messages of solidarity from around the world. I invite you to add yours c/o information@wiesenthal.com.
What becomes of Mehmet Sahin will inform us about the future course of Dutch society: Will it be true to Anne Frank's vision of a better world or to the infamy of those Dutch collaborators who sealed them fate.
This is an extremely entertaining and often insightful collection by Nobel physicist Richard Feynman drawn from slices of their life experiences. Some might believe that the telling of a physicist's life would be droll fare for anyone other than a fellow scientist, but in this instance, nothing could be further from the truth.
Dr. Feynman's delight with life shines through everything--nothing gets them down for long. The reasons for this attitude are their ever-present compulsion to learn and discover, their urge to follow their insatiable curiosity (about everything!) wherever it might lead, their willingness to simply state whatever they think when asked, and their refusal to always take life so seriously. It is evident that Dr. Feynman has achieved what many can only dream of--living a meaningful and accomplished life while still being able to find absolute joy and fun in so much of how we spend that life.
It's hard to imagine anyone that would not find this an interesting and enjoyable read. Although Dr. Feynman is a physicist, this is not a science book, and the reader really needs nothing in the way of a scientific background to fully enjoy it.
The book is divided into five parts corresponding to different parts of the author's life. Within each part, the stories themselves are rarely more than half a dozen pages long, and none depend on the others. Although I read it cover-to-cover in order, it would be easy to open to any of the stories and read it independently. It is one of those books one could pick up when there are only a few minutes to read. But your experience may be like mine, and you may not want to put it down again!
Highly recommended for just about anyone!
HyperGrid Business has a good guest post from Chris Ravenscroft about why Second Life Enterprise failed. Ravenscroft was a client of Enterprise, a now-defunct project from the Mark Kingdon era of Linden Lab. Short version: It wasn't ready for primetime as a true business application, it was too expensive (between $50,000 and $100,000 for the first year!), it was offered as a behind-the-firewall solution, "which meant keeping customers' employees off the grid". But above all (and I think this is really the crux): "It is now obvious that Linden Lab's proverbial heart was never really in the whole endeavor."
Like I wrote when the Kingdon era ended, the push for Enterprise was driven by The Dwight Schrute Echo Chamber: "Adamant denial (despite all evidence to the contary) that SL is a primarily a game and entertainment platform, and a reflexive insistence (despite little evidence to the affirmative) that Second Life is best used for real world work." Enterprise was an attempt to force what is basically an entertainment/play space to wear an uncomfortable business suit -- no wonder the Linden corporate culture couldn't feel the love. Anyway, read Ravenscroft's take here.
By
Now there is no question that road and bridge maintenance is lagging in the Golden State. Most counties have an average pavement rating of “at risk” or “poor” according to a finding by the California Transportation Commission. In addition to the safety hazards caused by poor road maintenance, there is a direct cost to the average California driver of hundreds of dollars for vehicle maintenance and tire wear.
Before assuming that that the Sacramento politicians are justified in seeking to dig deeper into drivers' wallets, it is important to point out that billions in transportation tax dollars have been spent on other programs. State government has been diverting a billion dollars a year in annual truck weight fees to pay debt service on general obligation bonds and another $100 million annually in gas tax revenues to the general fund.
Now, in theory, all transportation tax revenues are to go for transportation purposes. Voters have passed several propositions they were assured would guarantee this result.
However, Sacramento has used slight-of-hand to divert these revenues. For example, after voters approved $20 billion in transportation bonds in 2006, bonds that were to be repaid from the general fund, officials later decided to use transportation tax revenue for bond repayment, freeing up general fund revenue for other purposes.
Some will argue that it is appropriate that transportation taxes repay transportation bonds, but voters were lead to believe the money would come from the general fund. When the state passes school bonds, they are repaid from the general fund. When water bonds are passed, they too are repaid by the general fund. There is no reason transportation bonds should be different. By using transportation tax revenue to pay off bonds, there is not enough money left to maintain the improvements the bonds pay for.
Senate Republican Leader Bob Huff has a better idea that will slap the hands of those who have been reaching into the transportation tax cookie jar and diverting funds from road and bridge maintenance. Huff's legislation, Senate Constitutional Amendment 7, would close the loopholes and stop this theft of transportation dollars. SCA 7 is the only plan in the Legislature that would provide funds to improve state roads and highways without raising taxes.
However don't look for quick or easy passage of SCA 7. Its flaw? It does not require a tax increase and for the majority party in Sacramento, which is obsessed with extracting more money from taxpayers, this flaw is likely to be fatal.
It is hard to blame California drivers if they feel a like a lot like the late comedian Rodney Dangerfield who would complain, “I get no respect.”
Jon Coupal is president of the Howard Jarvis Taxpayers Association. Originally posted on HJTA.
“The Sims 4” has been available for more than a month for the PC, but many hardcore fans of the popular series want to see the latest installment of the life simulator arrive on the Mac, Xbox One and PlayStation 4. During an Electronic Arts holiday preview last week, we spoke to producer Ryan Vaughan about whether the title will someday be available on eighth-generation devices.
“We're looking at where we want to go next. We are working on a Mac version right now,” Vaughan told International Business Times. “It's something that our players really, really want so that's in the works. Where we go from there is really open for question right now. We're taking a lot of feedback and adding a lot of stuff in the game.”
Next month, EA, based in Redwood City, California, will introduce pools to “The Sims 4,” a feature that was missing at launch, but that many players wanted to see.
“When our players are asking for pools, they're not just asking for the ability to take their Sims swimming or to jump in. What they really want is the ability to drown their Sims,” Vaughan said. “I'm impressed by the ideas that people have and the creativity they put into their stories and the games they have.”
Vaughan encouraged “Sims 4” players to tell EA what they want to see in the game.
"We're already listening to fans and I want to encourage them to keep telling us things, keep yelling at us online. We love that. Not just from a business perspective: I'm a video game developer and I want to make the most fun game possible. Keep up what you're saying and tell us what you want.”
The names Joseph Mohr and Franz Xaver Gruber have largely vanished into the annals of Christmas tormentors, but their greatest triumph lives on. “Silent Night,” which Mohr wrote the lyrics for (in German) in 1816 and Gruber put to music two years later, is the most recorded Christmas song in the modern era of the holiday's substantial oeuvre.
To determine this fact, TIME crawled the records at the U.S. Copyright Office, which offers digitized registrations going back to 1978, and collected data on every Christmas album recorded since that time. “Silent Night,” it turns out, is not merely the most popular carol; with 733 copyrighted recordings since 1978, it is nearly twice as dominant as “Joy to the World,” a distant second with 391 records to its name.
As one might surmise, songs that are no longer under their original copyright are considerably more prominent on modern Christmas albums, given that one needn't share the holiday windfall. This lends an obvious advantage to the ecclesiastical hymns and tunes, like “O Holy Night” and “God Rest Ye Merry, Gentlemen.” As intellectual property lawyer Paul C. Jorgensen explains, this does nothing to prevent artists from copyrighting their own recording of a song and collecting royalties whenever a radio station wants to play it–assuming the other 732 renditions weren't to taste.
Nor is it strictly limited to American recording artists. “A lot of international artists will go ahead and register things in the United States,” Jorgensen said.
To determine secularity, TIME measured the likelihood that a song appears on the same album with either “What Child Is This?”, a decidedly devout 1865 tune, or “Jingle Bell Rock,” roughly it's polar opposite. (The choice of those two songs is rather arbitrary, but proved in trial and error to offer the clearest dichotomy.) In true Christmas spirit, “Silent Night” aptly bridges that great divide: It co-headlines with just about anyone.
Methodology
This project began by downloading every copyrighted recording of “Jingle Bells,” then expanding to every song on the same album as “Jingle Bells,” and so forth until the universe of Christmas music was exhausted. The data only includes “sound recording” records from the Copyright Office, as opposed to sheet music arrangements, videos, and other formats in which one might copyright a song. Variations on the same material, such as “O Christmas Tree” and “O Tannenbaum,” where grouped as one song.
Design by Alexander Ho
Contact us at editors@time.com.
Capy's mind-bending side-scrolling shooter Super Time Force is now slated to come to Xbox One via the ID@Xbox program.
Don't worry, it's still coming to Xbox 360 as well via a Microsoft Studios publishing deal on XBLA. While available on both platforms, playing on Microsoft's latest console "means you can play with the sweet new Xbox One d-pad," the developer stated in its announcement.
The bad news is that the game's been delayed until early next year. "While we had originally intended to release this year, the opportunity to do Super Time Force on Xbox One, plus the sheer insanity of releasing during new console launches meant that moving a few months into 2014 was the best plan for our game," the studio stated.
Capy noted that it's "aiming to launch both versions side-by-side."
For more information about Super Time Force, EG-contributor Steve Haske went in-depth with it last year in their preview.
In addition to Super Time Force, Capy is still hard at work on the Xbox One timed-exclusive action roguelike Below, though no release window has been set.
India: Contaminated school-meal kills 22 children
By Kranti Kumara
18 July 2013
At least 22 school children, ranging in age from 5 to 12, have died as the result of eating a severely contaminated mid-day meal Tuesday in a government-run primary school in Dharmasati Gandaman—a village in the Bihar state sub-district of Mashrakh.
The meal was supplied under a national government program that provides lunches to all pupils attending a government-administered or -supported primary school.
There were scenes of anguish Tuesday evening and all through Wednesday as parents and relatives claimed the bodies of the dead children and sought news of the two dozen children who remain in critical condition.
By Thursday morning some media sources were attributing 25 or more deaths to the contaminated meal. The Times of India reported that angry relatives have buried at least 27 bodies in front of the government school in Dharmasati Gandaman “as a mark of protest”. It added that those buried there do not include several children who were declared dead on their arrival late Tuesday in the state capital, Patna, which lies sixty kilometers to the south-east.
Yesterday, villagers took to the streets to voice their anger against the state government, which took 15 hours to organize any serious effort to come to the aid of the poisoned children. They blocked roads and railway lines and attacked a police station, reportedly setting several vehicles ablaze. In Chhapra, the district capital, police used water cannon to quell protests.
The school's principal, who doubled as one of its two teachers, reportedly fled the scene after the children began falling ill.
The cook had complained of a foul odour coming from the cooking-oil being used in preparing the meal, but was reportedly ordered by the principal to use it anyway.
These deaths are hardly the first from the Mid-Day Meal program, which is plagued by underfunding, poor hygiene standards, and corruption. In March of this year two children died in the northern state of Haryana after eating a tainted mid-day meal.
On Wednesday, the Indian Express reported that 50 children became ill in a government-school in another part of the Bihar. The children said they had fallen sick because the meal had a dead lizard in it. Also Wednesday, at least 31 children in the western state of Maharashtra were admitted to hospital for gastroenteritis after consuming a mid-day meal.
In a transparent attempt to deflect public anger away from Bihar's JDU (Janata Dal-United) state government, the state education minister P.K. Shahi claimed the Dharmasati Gandaman deaths were likely a deliberate conspiracy to discredit the government. They alleged that the food used in preparing the meal had come from a store run by the principal' husband, whom they alleged is an activist of a rival political party.
The Hindu-communalist Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), which until last month had been in a governmental coalition with the JDU, accused Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar of being “insensitive and callous” for failing to visit the grief-stricken villagers.
Kumar has announced that the families of the dead children will be paid 200,000 rupees ($US3,370) in “compensation”.
The Congress Party, which heads India's national coalition government, for its part, made only the mildest criticisms of Bihar's government. It is hoping that now that the JDU has quit the BJP-led National Democratic Alliance it can be induced to align with the Congress for the 2014 national elections.
Various political parties, including the BJP and the Rashtriya Janata Dal, a sometime Congress party ally, called for protests Wednesday. While anti-government sentiment was strong, the BBC says its local correspondent reported that in some places opposition “political leaders have been chased from the streets by enraged protesters.”
It has been widely reported in the press that one of the doctors treating the sick children suspects that the deaths may have been caused by food grains getting contaminated with Organophosphorus, a chemical compound that is used widely as a pesticide in agriculture and as a nerve agent in chemical warfare.
However, this has not been confirmed by forensic analysis and the relatives of the children noted that only those who ate a vegetable dish made of soybeans and potatoes fell ill. Not the ones who merely ate grains. In any case, only a comprehensive scientific analysis will be able to pinpoint the exact cause of this horrific tragedy.
The Mid-day School lunch program was launched nationwide in every state in 2001 after the Indian Supreme Court ordered that all children in government and government-assisted primary schools be given one hot meal daily. The court also mandated that each child should be given at least 300 calories per child with 8-10 grams of protein.
The court's ruling was in response to numerous studies showing that hunger and disease stalk India. Malnutrition and undernourishment are rampant among both children and adults, contributing to high mortality rates and, among children, stunted physical and intellectual development. According to the World Bank, India is home to at least one third of the malnourished children in the world, with almost half of India's children considered malnourished.
As with every endeavour launched by the Indian ruling elite in the name of alleviating widespread poverty and misery, the Mid-Day Meal program exhibits widespread official indifference, incompetence and thievery.
Neither the Indian nor the state governments have set up proper kitchens and hygienic facilities for preparing children's meals.
Instead the state governments have given contracts to politically-connected NGOs and others to supply and prepare meals. Many times the meals are prepared in ramshackle off-school premises, brought to the schools during the course of the morning, and then left to sit in the open till lunch. By the time the food is served to the children, it has often gone bad due to the hot climate and lack of refrigeration.
Also, the facilities where food grains are stored are habitually infested with rats and other vermin. The Indian government itself has a notorious reputation for letting massive amounts of food grains rot every year—grains it refuses to distribute to the poor and hungry because, in the words of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, it doesn't want to “disrupt” the grain market.
Throughout India and especially in Bihar, which is one of India's poorest states, children often refuse to eat the mid-day meals because they are so bad. Complaints of dead rats, lizards, snakes and insects being found in the food are quite common.
For the Indian ruling elite, this horrid social reality is quite acceptable. While there will be much finger-pointing among the politicians, the calls for greater attention and resources to be given to the Mid-Day Meal program and India's dilapidated schools will soon be forgotten. Indeed a prevailing theme in discussions within the ruling class is the need to reduce social spending and the state budget deficit so as to make India more attractive to international investors.
Chris Cornell 911 Call Reveals Trauma To The Back Of The Head?
A 911 call made from a medic at the scene of Chris Cornell's death in their Detroit MGM Grand Hotel room from 1:30AM on May 18th has surfaced on Jack Klompus' YouTube via a police scanner. The audio has actually been online since Cornell's suicide on May 18th, but it hasn't surfaced to the media and was not properly labeled until now.
The caller states, “I'm on scene with a 53-year old male, 53-year old male pulse [inaudible] on arrival with crew.”
“Unknown downtime, found by a roommate in a hotel at MGM.”
“Patient did have a exercise rubber band around their neck. Suggestions of a possible strangulation, trauma to the back of the head. History of depression. Patient is cool to the touch in all areas at this time. Pulse [inaudible], been on scene for over 30 minutes at this time.”
“Pupils are fixed and dilated. IO in the right knee, ligature marks on their neck, they have established a patent airway, [inaudible] tube.”
“We're not able to resuscitate at this time, so we're asking for pronouncement.”
Note that these descriptions fit the ruling of suicide, which investigators later made. Via AlternativeNation
The call is below at 7:06:35.
MUMBAI: Officials and clerks at regional transport offices will face strict action, including suspension , if any agent or tout is found on the premises from Monday, warned state transport commissioner Mahesh Zagade Following the directive, agents, who have set up shop outside RTO precincts in the city, have decided to go on strike from Monday. “We will not assist any applicant, lets see how the work gets done at RTOs. Both officials/clerks and citizens depend on us daily,” claimed an agent who has been operating outside Tardeo RTO for several years.But Zagade seems to have their strategy in place.“I have warned all RTO heads and their deputies that they too would be held responsible if any agents or touts are found on the premises,” they said. Zagade also plans to visit the RTOs in Mumbai, Thane and Navi Mumbai in their own car to conduct surprise checks. TOI had earlier reported that Zagade had promised to make all RTOs “tout-free” in 2015.“It is a big challenge to break this nexus (between agents and RTO officials/clerks)...unscrupulous cartels are doing business to the tune of crores of rupees every month,” they said. “We willprovide customer-friendly services at RTOs and encourage speedy disposal of cases/applications strictly on first-come-first-serve basis to ensure transparency. There will bezero corruption.”Zagade appealed to citizens to do their bit by saying “No” to touts. ““If you come to the RTO with the filled forms and not entertain touts, they will automatically go out of business.”But agents are sceptical of Zagade's plan. “Politicians, celebrities and business people do not come to RTOs, they get their work done through agents. Also, some RTOs are in bad condition; there are no proper seats, canteens or toilets. Will Zagade spruce up all RTOs and make them citizen-friendly,” asked the agent outside Tardeo RTO. An assistant RTO official pointed out that several semi-literate and illiterate applicants prefer agents who fill up their forms and submit them at the right counters.Lauding the “crusade against corruption”, transport expert A V Shenoy suggested that the government should appoint a dedicated helpdesk wherein state officials can assist citizens in filling up forms, guide them to the right counters and redress their grievances.Zagade said they will soon introduce more technology-based systems, such as online applications, customer-friendly website and mobile apps. “We already have online registrations for learner licences and permanent driving licences. We will introduce more online systems and outsource some jobs so that citizens do not have to come to the RTOs for every work.”
James T. Hodgkinson, the shooter who opened fire on dozens of Republican members of congress and staffers at a baseball practice in Alexandria, Virginia, on Wednesday, had a list of Republican names in their pocket that was recovered by the FBI, The Daily Caller has learned.
The news that the shooter had a list of names suggests the shooting was not a random outburst, but instead appears to be a premeditated political assassination.
The list was written out on notepad paper and found in the shooter's pocket, according to multiple sources with intimate knowledge of the situation, who spoke on condition of anonymity, citing the sensitivity of the investigation. The list of names included Alabama Rep. Mo Brooks, South Carolina Rep. Jeff Duncan and Arizona Rep. Trent Franks, TheDC has confirmed. Fox News reported after this story that Ohio Rep. Jim Jordan, Tennessee Rep. Scott DesJarlais and Virginia Rep. Morgan Griffith are also on the list. All six members of congress are members of the House Freedom Caucus, which contains the lower chamber's most conservative members.
The FBI has contacted the members of congress to inform them of their inclusion on the list. Rep. Franks confirmed to Fox News that law enforcement officials have told them they are on the list.
“For those still wondering, they didn't hate baseball or beautiful summer mornings in June,” White House counselor Kellyanne Conway said in reference to this article. “He hated Republicans.”
The FBI's Washington field office, which is handling the investigation, provided no comment, citing the ongoing investigation.
Both Duncan and Brooks attended Wednesday's baseball practice.
Duncan said they spoke with Hodgkinson briefly before the shooting, when the would-be assassin asked them in the parking lot if the players on the field were Republicans or Democrats. Duncan said they answered that the players were Republicans, before leaving the field. Brooks was still present on the field when Hodgkinson began shooting with a rifle, wounding four people including House Majority Whip Steve Scalise. The gunman died after being shot by a member of Scalise's security detail.
The FBI also recovered a cell phone, a computer and a camera in the shooter's van and is processing the items, according to a statement the agency issued on Thursday.
A 66-year-old progressive who volunteered on Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders' campaign, Hodgkinson's social media profile was filled with violent-sounding rhetoric against the Republican Party. “It's Time to Destroy Trump & Co,” Hodgkinson wrote in one post. They also belonged to several anti-GOP groups on Facebook, including one called “Terminate The Republican Party.” The members of that group celebrated Hodgkinson's mass assassination attempt. (RELATED: Shooting At GOP Baseball Practice Latest In Pattern Of Violence Against Republicans)
They spewed left-wing talking points on Facebook, consistently railing against Republicans and the wealthy.
“We all know that the rich don't pay enough taxes,” they wrote in one letter to the editor of their local paper. “I have never said ‘life sucks,' only the policies of the Republicans,” they wrote in another.
Hodgkinson's widow, Suzanne Hodgkinson, said Thursday afternoon that they had “no idea” they were going to carry out the murders. James told them that they were going to Washington, D.C. to “work on taxes” and “change the tax brackets,” they said.
Hodgkinson's time spent volunteering on Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders' campaign compelled the socialist senator to disavow the shooter the same day.
“I have just been informed that the alleged shooter at the Republican baseball practice is someone who apparently volunteered on my presidential campaign. I am sickened by this despicable act,” Sanders said in a prepared statement on Wednesday. “Let me be as clear as I can be. Violence of any kind is unacceptable in our society and I condemn this action in the strongest possible terms.”
This article has been updated to include Fox News' reporting on the list as well as Conway's comment.
Planning for the final assault on Raqqa, the capital of the Islamic State's caliphate, had been grinding on for more than seven months. There had been dozens of meetings of President Barack Obama's top national security team, scores of draft battle plans and hundreds of hours of anguished, late-night debates.
There were no good options, but Obama's top foreign policy advisers were convinced that they had finally settled on an approach that could work - arming Kurdish fighters in northern Syria, current and former U.S. officials said. There was just one problem: The Obama team had deliberated for so long that there was no time left to pull the trigger. Donald Trump's advisers had also sent word that they wanted to make the decision.
So on January 17, just three days before the transfer of power, Obama directed their national security adviser to hand over to the Trump team a paper detailing the plan to arm the Kurds, including talking points that President Donald Trump could use to explain the move to Turkey's president, who officials knew would be furious. The Turks viewed the Kurdish fighters as terrorists and their No. 1 enemy.
Obama hoped that their last-minute preparations would clear the way for Trump to authorize a swift assault on the Islamic State's most important stronghold, where U.S. intelligence officials say militants are plotting attacks outside Syria.
Instead of running with the plan, Trump's national security team deemed it wholly insufficient and swiftly tossed it.
To the incoming Trump administration, Obama's approach was so incremental and risk averse that it was almost certain to fail. "They provided the information, but we found huge gaps in it," said a senior Trump administration official who reviewed the document. "It was poor staff work."
The Obama White House viewed its Syria plans as the product of years of experience in a region where every move carries unintended and potentially catastrophic consequences. Those who steered the Obama administration's Syria policy insisted that the new White House did not understand the complexity of the issue, but soon would.
The troubled handoff of one of the United States' most vexing national security problems shows how far the pendulum has swung between two presidents who in many ways are complete opposites. Obama sweated the smallest details of U.S. military and intelligence operations, often to the point of inaction.
Trump has made it clear that they prefer to go with their gut and has promised a swift and brutal campaign that will "utterly destroy" the Islamic State. In meetings with their national security team, they have signaled their desire to give Defense Secretary Jim Mattis, whom they regularly refer to as "Mad Dog," a free hand in doing whatever it takes to fight terrorism.
It is up to Mattis and the rest of Trump's national security team to translate the president's campaign trail pronouncements into policy. Trump's more aggressive approach could speed the destruction of the Islamic State in Syria and Iraq, but also could lead to an increase in civilian deaths, fueling anger toward the United States.
Trump and their top advisers also could decide to increase coordination with Russia and even Syrian President Bashar Assad to seize Raqqa. Or they could ultimately conclude, as Obama did, that arming the Kurds represents the best of several bad options.
The policy dilemmas that Obama and their team spent more than seven months deliberating will be decided over the course of the next 30 days in a review led by Mattis and the Pentagon. Trump has directed their defense secretary to bring them multiple options and to ignore the restrictions on troop numbers and civilian casualties that were put in place by Obama.
"The message to the Pentagon was to widen the aperture," said the senior administration official, who like other current and former officials asked for anonymity to discuss sensitive planning. "Give us all of your options."
Target: Raqqa
The policy dilemma facing Trump began with a decision made by the Obama administration in a moment of desperation in 2014.
Islamic State fighters had just seized huge swaths of territory in Iraq and Syria. Obama decided to intervene militarily, but ruled out the use of American ground forces on the front lines.
The Pentagon needed to find local partners in a hurry, and the Syrian Kurds stepped forward. America's budding battlefield alliance with them carried big strategic risks. The Kurdish fighters who volunteered to help the Americans had ties to the Kurdistan Workers' Party, or PKK, which the Turkish and U.S. governments considered a terrorist group.
In contrast to Obama, Turkey's president Recep Tayyip Erdoğan didn't see the Islamic State as their country's No. 1threat. In private meetings with senior U.S. officials in 2014, Erdoğan said the Kurds were their top concern and that removing Assad ranked second, according to U.S. and Turkish officials.
By the fall of 2016, after two years of tension between Obama and Erdoğan because of different priorities, a U.S.-backed offensive using Kurdish forces to recapture Raqqa was finally within sight, and Gen. Joseph Votel, the commander of American forces in the Middle East, asked for authorization to arm them for a push into the city.
The proposal divided the Obama White House. Then-Defense Secretary Ashton Carter backed the plan, but others worried that it would deepen the rift with Ankara.
Among the biggest skeptics was Susan Rice, Obama's national security adviser. When they asked Marine Gen. Joseph Dunford, the chairperson of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, whether an immediate decision was needed, the general said they were still evaluating whether the Turks were serious about their offer to provide Turkish forces to take Raqqa instead of the Kurds.
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Antisocial traits aside, think of the comedians who have struggled with drugs, alcohol, and depression. There's not enough space in this article to name them all, so let's restrict our list to the Jerrys for quick examples: Lewis, Seinfeld, and Jerry of "Tom and Jerry." Slapstick comedian/perpetual goofball Jerry Lewis wrestled with depression so hard that they claimed they would have committed suicide if not for hearing the laughter of their children running down the hall while they held the gun in their mouth. Jerry Seinfeld flippantly said a version of the same thing in a New York Times interview a few years ago. And as we've covered before, Jerry the Mouse straight up entered a suicide pact with their frenemy Tom.
Turner Entertainment
The writers thought suicide by mutual vivisection would be too harsh.
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
I know what you're thinking: It makes sense for comedians who are famous for their observational humor to be extra vulnerable to depression. These people can't turn off the compulsion to keep digging at the world until they hit a truth, and comedy is how they spin that truth into something they can live with. That's why Chris Rock once called comedy "the blues for people who can't sing." Which kind of explains a lot, John Belushi-wise.
Universal Studios
As if we needed a reason for The Blues Brothers to make sense.
Speaking of John Belushi, it's not just witty standups questioning the trivialities of everyday life who are prone to mental illness. Physical comedians like Charlie Chaplin, Jim Carrey, and needless to say John Belushi all struggled with their brain demons. There's actually something even more depressing about the guys whipping their bodies around to make you laugh. If comedians were protesters, the slapstickiest ones would be that Buddhist monk who set themselves on fire to get attention for theirs cause. This is the part where I remind you to keep Richard Pryor jokes to yourself.
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
This is all terrible information for professional comedians, but what about everyday schmucks who just happen to be funny? Bad news, funny guy. You might be in trouble, too. A 70-plus-year longitudinal study of gifted children found that the kids who were described as funny by their parents, friends, and teachers were more likely to die earlier than their boring, unfunny peers. In other words, if life has dealt you a sharp tongue and quick brain rather than looks or money or an ass that won't quit even when the sun goes down, too bad, sucker. You're still going to die first. Enjoy being the jam in a coffin sandwich, jokers!
Luna
Colonisation
2030 - 2050
During this time period, the ESA, ISRO, CNSA, and JAXA each launched a series of missions to construct a base inside the crater Reiner. The foundations of the base were transported during the 2020s, and the crew were transported over 51 missions, until by 2049 the population was 310 and the launches slowed down. The first mission, the Nónglì Zhēnzhū, transported eight astronauts, six from China, one from India, and one from Japan, these eight men and women were the first on the lunar surface since 1972. These astronauts were:
Huan Lim
Hua Sung
Lan Wang
Xiu Kwan
Chen Huang
Kun Lin
Kapila Gadhavi
Hachirou Kato
2050 - 2072
The time period between 2050 and today saw a reduced number of crew transport missions to the moon from the ESA, ISRO, CNSA, and JAXA, however NASA begun sending astronauts to Reiner in 2059. The Arabian Space Agency sent their first astronauts to the moon in 2068, making the United Arab Emirates the newest lunar-capable spacefaring nation to date. As of today, the lunar population is currently 500.
The Human - Farium War
Although the Human - Farium War of 2072 led to heavy damage and casualties on Earth, Reiner escaped the war unscathed, along with the colonists on Mars. Konor intelligence suggests that the Farium had planned on attacking these targets, but that they lacked the resources to do so.
Lunar Astronomy
The base at Reiner is currently used for astronomical research during about twelve days per month, however low gravity scientific research is performed irrespective of the sun's position.
Lunar Time
The time at Reiner is currently UTC-4, and the months of the year are the same as on Earth.
Legal Status
All land on the moon is currently seen as "common territory", that is, land that is collectively owned by every nation on Earth. However, the Second Moon Treaty of 2055 allows for free exploitation of the moon's resources, so long as the resources are exclusively used to build up the lunar infrastructure. This agreement will terminate in 2105, and the next treaty has not been agreed upon yet.
Demographics
The current lunar population exhibits the current breakdown of nationality:
46.4% Chinese
10.2% American (USA)
9.6% Emirati
9.2% Japanese
8.2% Indian
6.4% British
5.2% French
2.2% German
1.4% Korean
0.4% Australian
0.4% Swedish
0.2% Qatari
0.2% Canadian
50.4% of the lunar population are female, with 49.6% male.
Law Enforcement & Crime
Although no crime has occurred on Reiner so far, a lunar legal system was devised in 2044, independently of any legal systems on Earth.
Economy
Reiner does not currently have any economy of its own, however the research done generates about $50 million USD worth of value each year.
Media
The youtube channel "Mornings on the Moon" is the first form of long term lunar media, and the channel has about thirty million views each week.
This study investigates the influence of stress grouping on verbal short-term memory (STM). English speakers show a preference to combine syllables into trochaic groups, both lexically and in continuous speech. In two serial recall experiments, auditory lists of nonsense syllables were presented with either trochaic (STRONG-weak) or iambic (weak-STRONG) stress patterns, or in monotone. The acoustic correlates that carry stress were also manipulated in order to examine the relationship between input and output processes during recall. In Experiment 1, stressed and unstressed syllables differed in intensity and pitch but were matched for spoken duration. Significantly more syllables were recalled in the trochaic stress pattern condition than in the iambic and monotone conditions, which did not differ. In Experiment 2, spoken duration and pitch were manipulated but intensity was held constant. No effects of stress grouping were observed, suggesting that intensity is a critical acoustic factor for trochaic grouping. Acoustic analyses demonstrated that speech output was not identical to the auditory input, but that participants generated correct stress patterns by manipulating acoustic correlates in the same way in both experiments. These data challenge the idea of a language-independent STM store and support the notion of separable phonological input and output processes.
Photo credit: Odell Beckham (Left) - Al Bello/Getty Images, Breshad Perriman (Right): ESPN.com
Russell Street Report Street Talk Far From Too Late for Breshad Perriman
What if I was to tell you that two rookie receivers wouldn't see the field until October, but would end up being major playmakers for their clubs by year's end?
What if I was to tell you that one of those players was so good down the stretch, their play propelled their team into playoff contention, yet they aren't even active for the first six games of the season?
Would you take those results?
You don't have to look any further than the Ravens' biggest rival to find one of the players in question. If you guessed Martavis Bryant, you would be correct. The other player? Odell Beckham Jr.
We all know the story of Beckham Jr., otherwise known as ODB. Their season was something out of the stratosphere. Moss-like in every way. In fact, Beckham Jr. and Moss finished with nearly identical yardage their rookie seasons (a shade over 1,300). Yet ODB achieved their numbers in 12 games.
In the case of ODB, there were expectations. In the case of Bryant, they were looked at as a project. The former Clemson Tiger had a rep for being supremely talented but raw coming out of college. They were plagued by drops and was labeled as a boom or bust prospect.
In fact, here's what NFL.com had to say about Bryant before the 2014 draft:
Shaky hands — tends to double-clutch the ball and makes too many easy drops. Is not a polished route runner — is stiff in and out of theirs breaks.
Sound familiar?
You could swap the names of Bryant with Breshad Perriman at the top of these scouting reports and no one would know the difference. To that end, ODB also suffered from “concentration drops.”
The pundits who have come out and already declared that it's too late for Perriman to make an impact this season aren't paying attention to recent history.
The league has changed dramatically. Rookie wideouts can make an impact at any point, even if they have to fight their way up the depth chart. With the expansion of more three and four-wide formations in a pass-happy league, rookie receivers get plenty of playing time.
In fact, looking at last year's class (which is shaping up to be the best in NFL history), it's easier to name the rookies that didn't contribute to their teams in some way. Including the ones who weren't drafted in the first two rounds. Along with Bryant (a fourth-round pick), Donte Moncrief (third-round) and John Brown (third-round) were also important chess pieces for their respective teams.
The odds seem stacked against Perriman to make an immediate impact at the beginning of the season. That argument is fair. But their season is far from lost. Even as a raw player who has to hone their technical skills – route running, route recognition, and concentration catching the ball being the most prominent areas – Perriman has the physical tools to overcome those shortcomings. All they have to do is get onto the field.
It may be frustrating for fans and observers to see the rookie continue to toil away with what seems like a pretty ordinary injury. But they have a PCL sprain. Not a bruised knee. A PCL sprain normally requires a six-week healing process. Ligament injuries are typically more severe.
For instance, former Raven Jacoby Jones went down with an MCL sprain during the 2013 season and ended up missing four games.
Here's the good news for Perriman: It's not like any of the other receivers on the team are so far ahead of them that they need binoculars to see them.
Right now, any receiver not named Steve Smith Sr. is still very much within striking distance on the depth chart.
Kamar Aiken has been the steadiest performer and deserves to be the starter opposite of Smith at this point. Michael Campanaro continues to impress when he's healthy – but can they stay healthy? Marlon Brown has yet to show up this preseason.
Of all things, Perriman will be duking it out with fellow rookie Darren Waller for playing time early on in the year. Waller is much further along at this point than anyone could have imagined, and has a legitimate chance to be part of the WR rotation.
Given Perriman's injury and lost preseason, it's more realistic that he'll be a fixture in the offense after the first quarter of the season. The Ravens will certainly need their speed and playmaking ability as they advance through a daunting schedule.
Who knows, maybe Perriman will also turn into Mr. October just like Bryant and Beckham Jr. a year ago.
If they do, the early angst over their injury and lack of playing time will quickly become a distant memory.
Image caption Officials are still trying to find out where the adulteration with horsemeat took place
Horsemeat has been detected in frozen lasagne on sale in Germany and supermarkets have started removing the product from their shelves.
The Real supermarket chain said it had withdrawn TiP frozen lasagne - the latest tainted processed food to figure in a Europe-wide scandal.
Other German retailers including Tengelmann and Rewe are now checking their processed beef products too.
The EU is urging member states to conduct random tests for horsemeat.
All members should carry out DNA tests on processed beef for traces of horsemeat for three months from 1 March, the EU health commissioner said on Wednesday.
German authorities suspect a batch of lasagne sent from Luxembourg to a retailer in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia.
On Wednesday the state's Consumer Affairs Minister, Johannes Remmel, said that "after analysing the data we have learned that through a middleman in Luxembourg, a significant amount of goods has been shipped to Germany and North Rhine-Westphalia, and those goods are suspected, and I repeat only suspected, to have not been properly labelled".
The shipment is believed to have taken place between November 2012 and January 2013.
Comigel connection
Mr Remmel said frozen processed foods had arrived in Germany, via Luxembourg, from Comigel - the supplier in northeastern France which sent mince containing horsemeat to several UK retailers.
The supermarket giant Tesco, frozen food firm Findus and budget chain Aldi received mince containing horsemeat from Comigel.
Meat scandal In mid-January, Irish food inspectors announced they had found horsemeat in some burgers stocked by UK supermarket chains
Subsequently, up to 100% horsemeat found in several ranges of prepared frozen food in Britain, France and Sweden
Up to 16 countries involved
Concerns that drug used to treat horses, and which is harmful to humans, could be in food chain
Meat traced from France through Cyprus and The Netherlands to Romanian abattoirs
Investigation suggests adulteration was not accidental but the work of a criminal conspiracy
The French firm denied wrongdoing, saying it had ordered the meat from Spanghero, a firm in southern France, via a Comigel subsidiary in Luxembourg - Tavola.
The supply chain reportedly led back to traders in Cyprus and the Netherlands, then to abattoirs in Romania.
On Wednesday the EU Health Commissioner Tonio Borg said EU states should test not only for horsemeat but also for the presence of the veterinary medicine phenylbutazone ("bute"), thought to be potentially harmful to humans.
Mr Borg was speaking after a meeting with ministers from the UK, France and other affected countries in Brussels.
They said the programme of random tests should report after 30 days, but testing should continue for three months.
The scandal has raised questions about the complexity of the food industry's supply chains across the EU.
There are now calls for more specific labelling on processed meat products in the EU, to show country of origin, as in the case of fresh meat. But the cost of doing that may trigger opposition from food manufacturers.
Romania has denied claims that it was to blame for the mislabelling.
Germany's Consumer Protection Minister Ilse Aigner called the mislabelling situation "a mess" and said the EU must put an effective food surveillance system in place to detect fraud. Speaking on German ARD television, they stressed that it was a problem of fraudulent labelling, not public health.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
If there is a bedrock of conventional wisdom in presidential politics, it is this: First, succeed in the primaries by winning over the base, and then move to the center in the general election to court independent and middle-of-the-road voters. So where is Mitt Romney's pivot to the center?
Throughout their political career, Romney has demonstrated a high degree of flexibility. But they have yet to employ those skills as the final stage of this presidential slog begins. And with Rep. Paul Ryan's fiery speech at the GOP convention on Wednesday night, it was clear that Romney did not pick Ryan to appeal to the undecideds in the middle. The speech was an indication that the Romney crew has gone rogue—or completely tea party.
Speaking with poise and brimming with cocky confidence, Ryan took the predictable shots, deriding the stimulus and Obamacare. They devoted a long riff to the unfounded Romney charge that President Obama cut $716 billion from Medicare. They blasted Obama for not being serious about deficit reduction, going as far as to chide Obama for not fully embracing the bipartisan Simpson-Bowles deficit reduction plan that Ryan and other Republicans refused to support (because it called for modest tax hikes on the well-to-do). Before the pumped-up crowd of GOP delegates, Ryan blamed the closure of a GM plant in their hometown of Janesville, Wisconsin, on Obama's policies—though the factory was shuttered before Obama became president. They did not refer to the successful auto industry bailout.
On Medicare, Ryan repeated the familiar GOP whine that Democrats are demagogues when they assail Ryan's budget plan for ending the Medicare guarantee. “We want this debate,” they proclaimed. “We will win this debate.”
“They're in a mania,” one former Bush adviser said about the Romney campaign. “They think America is ready for a grand reconfiguration of its social insurance system.”
All of this was to be expected, and Ryan delivered the goods effectively, with their gee-whiz, winning manner and shrewd rhetoric. But they offered more: an undiluted tea party view of the world. They declared that the only way to juice the economy is to place “hard limits on the size of government,” and they described Obamaland in the darkest (and Ayn Randiest) terms: “The best this administration offers [is] a dull, adventureless journey from one entitlement to the next, a government-planned life, a country where everything is free but us.”
Ryan went on in this fashion: “Listen to the way we're spoken to already, as if everyone is stuck in some class or station in life, victims of circumstances beyond our control, with government there to help us cope with our fate.”
Their message literally was: You should be on your own, left alone to define your own journey, your own happiness. (Unless of course, there is an unwanted pregnancy, even one that occurred due to rape.) “That's the American Dream,” they contended. “That's freedom, and I'll take it any day over the supervision and sanctimony of the central planners.”
With such language—which was vetted by Romney Central Command—Ryan was not pressing the obvious case that Romney is a pragmatic Mr. Fixit who could be a competent flight attendant of the still-struggling American economy. They were announcing that they and Romney aim to remake American society. They were essentially issuing a declaration of ideological warfare: Government is the enemy of freedom and the cause of the nation's economic woes; it must be crushed. And, yes, taxes must be slashed for all, which would include those on the highest rungs.
This played well among the delegates, many of whom are no strangers to privilege and entitlement. But the question is, are middle-class voters worried about the economy (especially those who are still undecided) see sanctimonious central planners in Washington as the main evil and believe that they would prosper if government would just leave them alone? As they ponder their own immediate difficulties, do these voters conclude that dependency on government has been the cause of economic decline, and that a fundamental reshaping of the relationship between the government and citizenry is what's most needed?
Ryan was selling libertarian articles of faith: Downsize the government and the welfare state, and all will be well; the economic downturn had nothing to do with corporate shenanigans or deregulation; and if the Medicare guarantee is dumped, the elderly will fare better in the free-flowing corporate marketplace. Trust in this theology, they were saying, and the nation will revive—and they were not just speaking for himself. This was now the official sales pitch of the Romney-Ryan ticket.
Hours before Ryan's speech, I asked a former George W. Bush administration official about the Ryan pick. They admitted to being baffled, even after talking to Romney aides about the choice. “They're in a mania,” they said. “They think America is ready for a grand reconfiguration of its social insurance system. It's like they're in the middle of their own housing bubble, and they're talking only to themselves.”
When I asked a top Republican who advises the Romney campaign—but who is not a member of its inner circle—why Romney had not yet gyrated toward the middle, they replied that the Romney campaign has become “preconditioned” to placating conservatives. “They were in that mode for a year during the primaries and can't get out of it.” That, they said, explained Ryan.
The once-moderate former governor of Massachusetts has adopted the fresh-faced policy minister of the tea party as their political son, and on Wednesday night allowed them to frame the story of the 2012 campaign in stark ideological terms. With Romney's big night approaching, this politician so often accused of flip-floppery and situational shifting was not moving to the middle but embracing a fundamental extremism. The full tea-partyization of Mitt Romney was nearing completion.
I love Pretty Little Liars a lot and when the series finale airs later this month, I'll be sad to see it go. The show isn't perfect — the poorly handled “Charlotte is trans” plot line still stands out as a low point — but in its best moments, PLL is suspenseful, funny, and sweet, often all at the same time. As I've been watching the second half of the final season, though, I keep thinking that Uber A's antics finally have been eclipsed by something even more ridiculous and unrealistic: the fact that these girls are still friends.
At the beginning of the series, the girls had drifted apart following Alison's disappearance but came back together to solve their murder (when they still thought she'd been murdered). That's shaky ground to build a friendship on but I let it slide because they were teenagers. My own high-school friendships were more intense and dramatic than any I've had in my adult years, and the biggest trauma we ever had to weather was a battle over who got the better solo in orchestra.
But the Liars aren't teenagers anymore and their repeated assertions that they're doing this “for their friendship” are starting to ring hollow. We only know bits and pieces of what they got up to in the five years that happened off-screen between season 6A and 6B, but they definitely saw each other a lot less often. When they come back to Rosewood in 6B to give statements on Charlotte's behalf, they're all in their 20s, living separate lives, and pursuing their own careers. It makes sense they'd have catch-up drinks once or twice, and maybe even that they'd work together to stop Uber A once and for all, but the idea that they want to stay friends after all of this drama is ludicrous. They keep saying they don't want Liar's Lament to affect their relationships with each other but why? What do these five women really have to say to each other anymore?
As I started to write this, Teen Vogue published a piece about how PLL depicts some of the most nuanced, well-rounded female friendships on TV. That piece does make some great points, especially about how the girls' individual flaws are balanced out by the group's stability, but the joy they found with each other in earlier seasons is now missing. Since the time jump, the girls' friendship has become more like a business arrangement than anything else. They're working together because A.D. has forced them together, not because they want to be together. Even if they had the time to enjoy each other's company, there's not much indication that they'd care to, and after all the hell they've been through together, who could blame them for choosing to cut ties with the human reminders of all the trauma they've dealt with for the past 6 1/2 seasons?
What's most upsetting about PLL is the idea that the girls turning their backs on each other is the worst thing they can do. I don't condone Aria's recent trashing of the nursery in "The Glove That Rocks the Cradle," but I do think it's totally reasonable for them to say “I've had enough” and take matters into their own hands. There's a rule among the Liars that they must remain loyal at all costs, and whenever someone goes rogue, she's shunned and shamed until they admit their wrongdoing and promises not to do it again. But that's not how real women operate, nor should it be. At the risk of sounding like some asshole who just got done with an app meditation, self-care is important, and if a friend is interfering with your ability to take care of yourself, you are allowed to cut that person out of your life. It's weird that the Liars never seem to realize this about each other, especially now that they're at an age where real women really do start drifting away from toxic friends.
In earlier seasons, I wondered why the girls so willingly welcomed Ali back into the fold after all the things she'd done to them. The only explanation I could come up with is that they were too young to know it would be fine to cut them out, but what's the story now? Even before the drama with Elliott/Archer and the pregnancy, they barely hesitated to come to their aid at Charlotte's hearing. Charlotte, you'll remember, is the person who held them hostage in the dollhouse and tortured them. Is that really true friendship, or is that dangerously intense codependency?
You could argue that Emily, Spencer, Aria, and Hanna have kept rallying around Ali in 7B because they're their only support system — their sister died, their ex-fiancé died (and was a lying schemer to boot), and she's pregnant with their best friend's baby because A.D. forcibly implanted them with the embryo. But in the real world, someone should have taken them aside, like, six episodes ago and said, “I'm happy to be here for you in any way that I can, but I also think you should seek professional help because this is more than I can process as a fellow human with my own history of trauma and abuse.” Where's Dr. Sullivan when you need her?! (In hiding, probably, after A broke into their office.)
After all these years of PLL, I've learned not to make any predictions about what might happen and not to hope that all the mysteries will resolve themselves neatly. You can hope that A.D. is Aria's unstable uncle all you want, but then Spencer will turn out to be a Drake and that theory will get shot to hell right next to Noel Kahn's head. I will, however, allow myself to hope that once the Liars unmask A.D., they'll go their separate ways and never speak again. It would truly be best for all of them.
Follow Eliza on Twitter.
As Xi Jinping and Li Keqiang take the reins of power from Hu Jintao and Wen Jiabao, they face many challenges, some so staggering that one wonders how they can ever be addressed. The major themes and trends that will influence the course of China's economic development over the next ten years will be defined in large part by the steps already taken by China's outgoing leaders, as well as by the actions that Xi and Li will take in the coming years, to meet these challenges.
What are these major themes and trends? I believe there are five.
1. Consumption: The fact that domestic consumption in China is already well underway seems to be the best-kept secret in the world. Most accounts of China's economy speak as though this is a trend that has yet to develop. However, even with per capita Gross Domestic Product (GDP) of only $5,414, and even though China's consumption accounts for only 35 percent of the country's GDP, China is already the largest market in the world for passenger cars and most other consumer products. The China market will only grow in importance in the years ahead.
Over the next 10 years, global spending on consumer goods is expected to increase by $4.8 trillion, from $7.3 trillion in 2010 to $12.1 trillion in 2020, according to McKinsey Global Institute. China will account for a stunning 36 percent of global growth in consumer spending during this period. By 2025, Shanghai and Beijing will together host 14 million households with annual incomes above $20,000 and will rank 4th and 5th, respectively, in the world in this regard. Between 2010 and 2020, three of China's cities will rank in the top five globally in terms of growth in spending on consumer goods.
2. Addressing Income Disparity: Average per capita incomes of China's 550 million “haves” is up to eight times greater than China's 750 million “have-nots.” Addressing China's income disparity will be one of the big challenges facing China's new leadership. In addition to boosting the incomes of China's rural population, putting in place a greater safety net, including improved access to affordable health care, will be an important initiative.
3. Urbanization: In the coming years, 260 million Chinese will move from the countryside into China's cities. Between 2007 and 2025, the world's top 10 cities in terms of population growth will include six Chinese cities that will add 34.6 million people during this period. In terms of growth in GDP, six Chinese cities will rank among the top ten cities in the world. In these six cities alone, growth in GDP will total $3.6 trillion from 2007 to 2025.
4. Environmental Protection: The continued industrialization of China's economy that must occur in order to address the country's income disparity will further strain China's environment. Air quality is bad across the country, and lung cancer and cardiovascular illnesses are already rising and could get worse in the future due to factory emissions, vehicle exhausts and cigarette smoke, said Zhong Nanshan, President of the China Medical Association.
China's water situation is no better. China is home to 20 percent of the world's population, yet only holds six percent of the world's water resources. China's water demand is expected to reach 818 billion cubic meters, but there is only 616 billion cubic meters available. Beijing has about 100 cubic meters of water available per person, well below the U.N. standard of 1,000 cubic meters per person, a threshold used to measure chronic water shortage.
Meanwhile, industrial and biological pollution has contaminated almost 90 percent of the underground water in Chinese cities. The World Health Organization (WHO) estimates that one out of four (300 million) Chinese do not have daily access to clean water, and that one out of two (700 million) are forced to consume water below WHO standards.
Efforts to clean up China's environment will be a major theme of the new administration.
5. Financial Reform: Small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) account for a major portion of job growth in any country, including China. Yet, China's SMEs have found it particularly difficult to access capital. In response, “underground finance” and a shadow banking system have developed as a way to supply credit to private companies, although at exorbitant interest rates. Despite being an illegal activity — until March that is — underground finance has become a big business in China. Last October, UBS estimated that “private lending,” the term used for the informal networks of money lenders that have developed outside of China's banking system, could be between two trillion yuan ($317 billion) and four trillion yuan ($634 billion).
In March, 2012, China announced reforms in the coastal city of Wenzhou that would legitimize underground finance. These reforms are now spreading to other parts of China as many new “micro finance” companies are being granted licenses to provide much needed capital to China's SMEs.
Look for more of the same over the next 10 years. Further reform of China's banking system and the development of China's capital markets will fuel a new round of growth and wealth accumulation and will be one of the major new trends affecting the country.
Sign up to receive UCAN Daily Full Bulletin Thank you. You are now signed up to our Daily Full Bulletin newsletter
The Sri Lankan government will introduce a new bill in parliament seeking to ban racist and religious extremist groups in the Buddhist majority country. The bill is to be introduced during the new government's 100 Days Work Program, National Executive Committee member Azath Salley told ucanews.com on Thursday. The work program is a series of promises that President Maithripala Sirisena's government aims to fulfill in the first 100 days in office. “We experienced many hate speeches and campaigns against other minor religions and saw many attacks on Muslim and Christian places of worship during the last administration,” Salley said. They were referring to the government of Mahinda Rajapaksa, which they accused of funding and nurturing certain extremist organizations to create racial and religious tensions. These include the Buddhist group Bodu Bala Sena (BBS), whose members were accused of attacking Muslims in two coastal towns in July last year that left four people dead and injured 80 others. Another radical Sinhalese Buddhist nationalist organization, Ravana Balaya, contacted more than 20 evangelical prayer services last year, telling pastors to stop holding services and trying to convert Buddhist's and Hindus by offering gifts and money. “We need a more disciplined society and these attacks on minority religions should not take place in future,” Salley said. Father Reid Shelton Fernando, former coordinator for interreligious dialogue at the Archdiocese of Colombo, welcomed the move. “This call for all citizens to give up racial and religious hatred must be profusely worked on in order to dispel fear, hatred, vengeance and vilification campaigns,” the priest told ucanews.com. Jehan Perera, executive director of the National Peace Council, said that in past years there was a campaign against Muslim communities as well as Christian ones that posed a threat to the entire nation. “Government leaders and the media need to pay more attention to statements that affirm the multi-religious nature of the country,” they said, adding that there was a “need for civic education about the rights and responsibilities of religious communities”. “Most people would disagree with the use of violence by extremists, but they would also feel that the extremists are highlighting real problems,” Perera said. But opponents of the proposed bill say they have no intention of abiding by such legislation. BBS general-secretary, Venerable Galaboda Attha Gnanasara Thero, has attacked the bill and vowed to defy any ban on their group's activities.He said the government must protect the Buddhist majority from a growing threat posed by Muslims. Approximately 70 percent of the population is Buddhist, 15 percent are Hindu, 8 percent are Christian and 7 percent are Muslim. “The government should put Buddhism first and the state should protect it. Muslims have erected mosques at many Buddhist worship places around the country,” the monk told ucanews.com. “We will demonstrate on the streets against the new bill,” the monk said. “We will never respect the new bill, and if it passes in parliament then we will break the law,” they said.
By Bernie Suarez
The march towards an Orwellian future where every form of human behavior is being monitored by AI-driven appliances and electronics is quickly becoming a reality. This was the plan from the start and as we can see the ruling elite have not slowed down one bit in their attempt to create this kind of world.
It is thus no surprise that Samsung is releasing a new smart phone this week called the S8 and S8+ that has a software called “Bixby” which will be studying your behavior in real-time and will be reacting, responding and “learning” from you accordingly.
The new Samsung S8 smart phone represents one of the first portable devices released to the general public in which the owner will be officially creating a 2-way relationship with the machine. The phone will carry a feature that can be activated which will require biometric data (retinal scan and facial recognition) in order to use the phone, and you can sure many people will take advantage of this feature. Passwords and pin numbers will soon be no more as the masses are conditioned into using biometric data.
The Bixby software in the latest Samsung smart phone will:
“learn your routines to serve up the right apps at the right time”
And it:
“is an intelligent interface that learns from you to help you do more.”
The dark technocratic future of humanity is now coming to full view as the technocratic ruling elite continue to push their technocracy and technology to no end.
The questions that we need to be asking ourselves are questions like, when will humanity as a whole start pushing back? When will those in the Department of Justice demand an end to unnecessary research? When will people in large masses call this out and consider certain advanced scientific research unethical? When will the line be crossed where additional research into certain areas like artificial intelligence (AI) be considered an act of aggression against humanity or even a punishable crime? I'm referring to the people of the nation states demanding observation of human rights to privacy and holding elected officials accountable. And I'm also referring to consumers becoming aware of what they buy and choosing where and how they spend their money.
I believe all of this is part of the JADE (at the) HELM revelations of 2015-2016. A plan for “mastering the human domain.” A plan made possible by companies like Raytheon which have been pushing a thing called BBN AI technology, a highly sophisticated technological platform that incorporates super high speed real-time learning, adaptation and awareness features. (See video below for more.)
Solutions
Download Your First Issue Free! Do You Want to Learn How to Become Financially Independent, Make a Living Without a Traditional Job & Finally Live Free?
Download Your Free Copy of Counter Markets
Stopping the agenda of the technocrats is the solution. People everywhere must step up, begin paying attention and start fighting back. And the very first thing we need to do is shine a bright light on this issue, spread the awareness and hope that enough people see the problem. That means educating the stubborn “Progressive” Liberal Left and anyone else who has a blind faith in technology. This awareness must then turn into action. Here are some solutions.
1- Throw away, disable or stop using your smart phone or any smart device around your home for that matter.
2- Replace your smart phone with a non-smart phone.
3- Change your paradigm and see if you can free yourself from cell phones altogether.
4- Realize that smart phones and smart devices are slowly being pulled into the equation for work and survival. Demand that your boss (if you work for someone) not force you to use a smart device. Let's challenge the legality of this now growing practice and problem. Just focusing and pointing to the dangers of EMF waves emitted by these devices alone may give us the legal authority to stop employers from requiring the use of these devices.
5- If you must have a cell phone (like many of us do) then learn all the safest ways to use it which include among other things keeping it as far away from your body as possible.
6- As best you can, stop texting your friends and family for every little thing and go back to talking to each other and meeting in person.
7- Make a focused effort to raise awareness of this issue and help spread the word.
Avoiding The Eye - Ships Free Today! Finally, realize that Technocracy is just another form of oppression. Despite all the voices of today that glorify technological advancements, realize that humans are made to move around and work while on earth. It's the large corporations that want to replace all forms of labor with robots. It's the ruling elite in control of the nation states that want every form of behavior recorded with the aid of their technology and very little to none of this actually benefits humanity. While many inventions of the 19th century improved the human experience the technological advancements of today are going far beyond what humanity needs to be happy and healthy. Let's learn to identify this problem quickly so we can implement solutions today and now. Related video Bernie is a revolutionary writer with a background in medicine, psychology, and information technology.  They are the author of The Art of Overcoming the New World Order and has written numerous articles over the years about freedom, government corruption and conspiracies, and solutions. Bernie is also the creator of the Truth and Art TV project where they share articles and videos about issues that raise our consciousness and offer solutions to our current problems. As a musician and artist their efforts are designed to appeal to intellectuals, working class and artists alike and to encourage others to fearlessly and joyfully stand for truth. Their goal is to expose government tactics of propaganda fear and deception and to address the psychology of dealing with the rising new world order.  They are also a former U.S. Marine who believes it is our duty to stand for and defend the U.S. Constitution against all enemies foreign and domestic. They believe information and awareness is the first step toward being free from the control system which now threatens humanity. They believe love conquers all fear and it is up to each and every one of us to manifest the solutions and the change that you want to see in this world because doing this is what will ensure victory and restoration of the human race and offer hope to future generations.
The Larry O'Brien trophy rested between Tim Duncan's legs as they wrapped their arms around Tony Parker and Manu Ginobili, the duo that has been with them for four of their five championships with the San Antonio Spurs. To the right of the winningest playoff trio in NBA history sat Kawhi Leonard, the future of the franchise who had to babysit a Finals MVP trophy amidst the celebration.
Soon the Spurs' white championship T-shirts would be covered in beer and expensive champagne and smelling of cigars. It would serve as the culmination of a surprisingly dominant title run that few outside of the locker room could have imagined just last season, following a devastating loss to LeBron James and the Miami Heat. But the Spurs built upon that defeat, used it as motivation to claim the title that had eluded the organization for seven years.
“It's so sweet to win a championship the way we did it. I would change nothing,” Parker said after the Spurs completed a five-game rout of the two-time defending champion. “It makes it even better, the fact that we had to go through a tough loss in Game 6 and Game 7 [in 2013], and to come back, it just makes the journey even more worth it.”
The Spurs' fifth championship was significant on many levels. Duncan joined Kobe Bryant with the most titles in the post-Michael Jordan era. Coach Gregg Popovich joined Phil Jackson, Red Auerbach, John Kundla and Pat Riley as the only coaches with five rings. And San Antonio now ranks fourth among NBA franchises behind the Boston Celtics (17), the Minneapolis/Los Angeles Lakers (16) and the Chicago Bulls (six).
But it also is a testament to continuity, consistency and longevity, phrases that are rarely uttered in professional sports, in which change is the only constant. Since Duncan arrived in San Antonio in 1997, the franchise has won at least 50 games every season except one — the 50-game lockout shortened season in 1999, when the Spurs won their first championship.
Duncan now has the second-longest span between their first and latest titles, behind only Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, who won their first in 1971 and their last in 1988. Abdul-Jabbar not only changed names during that time; they also changed teams, which makes what Duncan and the Spurs have accomplished even more impressive.
They won titles in 1999 and 2003 — bookends to the Shaquille O'Neal-Kobe Bryant three-peat with the Lakers. They won two more in 2005 and 2007, reached the Finals last season and won it all this season.
Jackson also coached the Lakers to five championships in that span, but they took a season off after being dismissed following a Finals loss to Detroit in 2004. Popovich and Duncan have stayed on the same journey, with no interruptions, for 17 years.
No matter how timeless Duncan's game has remained at age 38, they eventually will have to retire. And Popovich has always said they will step aside with Duncan.
“I don't have any plans on doing anything,” Duncan, who has a $10.3 million option for next season, said recently. “I'm going to figure it out when it comes. I'm not saying I'm retiring. I'm not saying I'm not retiring. I'm not saying anything. I'm going to figure it out as it goes. I've always said if I feel like I'm effective, if I feel like I can contribute, I'll continue to play. Right now I feel that way, so we'll see what happens.”
Spurs General Manager R.C. Buford said over the weekend they haven't been given any inclination that either plans to leave but often wonders what will happen when the Duncan — and possibly Duncan-Popovich — era comes to a conclusion.
“We've already got Tim's successor picked out,” Buford said, joking it would be the 30th pick of the 2014 NBA draft. “I can't predict when that will happen, nor know when you have one of the great players of all time and one of the great coaches of all time how you're going to fill those shoes, because you're not.”
Teams don't usually win championships seven years apart without a dramatic roster makeover, but the Spurs have managed to get it done while keeping their core of Duncan, Parker and Ginobili intact.
“There were times that other people said we should be breaking it up. But what's the alternative? Our best alternative was to keep the group together,” Buford said.
The commitment seemed admirable, but a championship seemed far-fetched after the Spurs suffered a first-round loss to Dallas in 2009, a second-round loss to Phoenix in 2010 and another first-round loss to Memphis in 2011. After each defeat, eulogies were written. But the Spurs kept coming back, with Duncan, Parker and Ginobili taking less money whenever their contracts came up because they trusted Buford and Popovich to find the right pieces.
San Antonio reloaded in the most unique manner, swapping a valued reserve in George Hill for the 15th pick to get Leonard, signing Boris Diaw after they were cut by Charlotte and picking up Danny Green from the scrap heap. Those moves, in conjunction with signing Patty Mills and creating a more wide open offense, helped the Spurs become contenders again.
“I never really cared about what people said about us,” Ginobili said. “There's not one season since I'm in the NBA that I really didn't truly believe that we could've won it. Playing with the teammates I've always played, coached by the guy that is coaching us, I always felt that we had a shot.”
And if they all decided to come back for at least one more run, there is little reason to doubt San Antonio doesn't have another one.
CAIRO -- On the day after a routine press conference turned two U.S. senators into pariahs in the local media, ordinary Egyptians, who have been deeply divided over virtually every element of their country's politics, found a cause for accord: U.S. politicians have done enough.
"Those bastards," sneered Magdi Hossein, a political activist from Giza who has helped rally supporters of the military against the Muslim Brotherhood. "Who are they anyway? What power do they have in the Congress? They came here to play a game -- a game of politics back home in America, not for here."
Hossein was echoing sentiments expressed by their more powerful countrymen. Sens. John McCain (R-Ariz.) and Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) found themselves on the receiving end of a surprising amount of official Egyptian vitriol late Tuesday night, and into Wednesday morning, after they announced that they considered the military's takeover of the government in early July to be a "coup."
The Obama administration has so far declined to used that term to describe the takeover -- in which the military, riding a wave of popular discontent and protests, removed President Mohammed Morsi from power -- because labeling the event a coup would jeopardize billions of dollars in U.S. foreign aid to Egypt. Morsi, the country's first democratically elected president and a member of the Muslim Brotherhood, has remained in detention in a secret facility, and several other Brotherhood figures have been charged with crimes.
On Tuesday and Wednesday, a spokesperson for the Egyptian president called the senators "clumsy" or "irresponsible," depending on the translation, while a leading newscaster said the two had delivered a "big insult to Egypt and its people," and the interim minister of investment took to Twitter to ask McCain, "Who gave you the right to poke your nose into Egypt's internal affairs?"
On the streets of downtown Cairo, around Tahrir Square, where the revolution that ousted dictator Hosni Mubarak from power two-and-a-half years ago began, that sentiment was widespread on Wednesday afternoon, even if the details of McCain and Graham's remarks weren't always precisely known.
"I didn't see the press conference, but I heard about it," said Omar Enad, an 18-year-old student who opposes the Muslim Brotherhood's continued sit-ins, as they helped their mother buy food for Wednesday night's feast to celebrate the end of Ramadan. "They made fun of the Egyptian people, right? But the Egyptian people, we don't care about what they say -- it has nothing to do with us."
Mohamed Abdul Motallem, a supporter of Morsi who said they planned to pass through Tahrir and do some shopping before heading to one of the Muslim Brotherhood sit-ins, agreed.
"I don't like the American aid, and I don't like the American interference," said Motallem, who noted that they also did not see McCain and Graham's press conference. "I am 100 percent sure that the aid is not for the Egyptian people or in their interests."
The U.S. aid in question is the approximately $1.5 billion, most of it in military funds, that goes every year to Egypt -- a sum that some in Washington, most prominently Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.), would like to see cut off. Pressed on the funding, many Egyptians said they didn't see any problem with eliminating it.
"We don't actually care one bit about the aid," said Hisham Mohamed, a travel agent who worked nearby, as they walked past a pair of military armored vehicles guarding one of the entrances to Tahrir. "We've been talking about this money since the Muslim Brotherhood was in power, but we're finished with it. We've started our own accounts, and if every patriotic Egyptian donates what they can -- one pound, a million pounds -- we won't have any problem."
American interests have taken a beating in Egypt in recent months. The U.S. ambassador to the country, Anne Patterson, was all but drummed out of town, after they became the unwelcome face of many Egyptians' distrust and fury at the perceived policies of the Obama administration. Last week, the administration announced that Patterson was going home to a top State Department job in Washington. Them reported successor, former U.S. Ambassador to Syria Robert Ford, has already been subject to a #NoToRobertFord Twitter and Facebook campaign.
Meanwhile, shortly after Morsi was removed from power last month, the governments of Saudi Arabia, Kuwait and the United Arab Emirates offered $12 billion in aid to Egypt's struggling economy, a sum that makes America's annual $250 million in economic aid seem inconsequential by comparison.
Toronto police are looking for the public's help searching for a suspect after a woman was sexually assaulted on a TTC bus on Wednesday.
Police say the incident happened at 5:25 p.m. on a northbound Dufferin bus near Bloor Street West.
The man sat down next to the woman who was sitting towards the back of the bus, according to police. Then, they allegedly placed a coat over their lap and sexually assaulted the woman.
The woman immediately confronted the man and they exited the bus from the rear doors and fled.
Police believe the suspect is in their late 50s or early 60s and has reddish-blonde thinning hair. They wear glasses and was seen wearing a blue dress shirt, blue jeans and a navy-blue blazer over their arm at the time of the alleged incident.
Anyone with information is asked to call police at 416-808-1400.
CLEVELAND (AP) -- LeBron James didn't need long to recall the last time they didn't start a game.
"Uh, never," they said.
And never again.
"That was one and done for me," James said, smiling. "I will not be coming off the bench anymore."
James came back -- as a reserve -- and the Cleveland Cavaliers, sparked by their superstar's return from injury, snapped a six-game losing streak with a 118-105 victory over the Indiana Pacers on Tuesday night.
James, the NBA's leading scorer, missed Cleveland's previous five games with what the Cavs have described as a sprained left index finger. Wearing a padded, protective glove on their hand, James scored 17 points in 22 minutes as the finally-getting-healthy Cavs had one of their finest performances this season.
Larry Hughes also came off the bench and scored a season-high 36 points -- in just 26 minutes. It was their second game back after missing 11 with a bruised leg. Zydrunas Ilgauskas added 17 for Cleveland, which set season highs in points, field goal percentage (55), points in a half (65) and bench points (74).
"It was a good feeling," James said. "You go through a stretch when you're losing games and people were looking at us like we're not a good team. We knew once we got our guys back that it would be a totally different story.
"We back now."
James was expected to play, and it was assumed they would start.
However, the game began with Cleveland's megastar on the bench in their white-and-wine warmups. It was the first time they had not started in 333 career regular-season games as a pro, and it may have been one of the only times in their life that they aren't on the court for the opening tip.
They didn't seem to mind, and during a late timeout they did the popular "Soulja Boy" dance to the delight of the crowd.
James checked in with 5:59 left in the first quarter and the Cavs leading 15-11. They entered with Hughes and forward Anderson Varejao, who was making their season debut after ending a contract holdout last week by signing a three-year, $17 million contract.
James said they requested that coach Mike Brown bring them in off the bench to offset any negative reaction toward Varejao, who during messy on-and-off negotiations said they didn't want to play for Cleveland again.
"I thought it would raise the intensity of the fans, having me, Larry and Andy come in at the same time -- and it worked," James said. "I thought by coming in with Andy it might stop some of the boos Andy might get, just protecting my teammates."
Hughes didn't need any security as they finished 13-of-17 from the field. The last time a Cleveland reserve scored 36 points or more was Phil Hubbard (37) in 1984.
"Hughes was fantastic," Pacers coach Jim O'Brien said. "I thought they had two LeBron Jameses out there."
Mike Dunleavy scored 23 points and Jermaine O'Neal had 18 for the Pacers. Indiana guard Jamaal Tinsley, who was uninjured after being shot at with an assault weapon in front of a downtown Indianapolis hotel over the weekend, scored just 10.
"Just missed shots," Tinsley said.
After entering the game, James made an immediate difference for the Cavs, who were lost without them over the past two weeks. Cleveland ripped off 13 straight points and outscored Indiana 22-5 over the final six minutes in the first quarter to open a 21-point lead.
The Pacers chipped away and closed within 10 before the Cavs pushed their lead to 65-49 at halftime.
Cleveland put it out of reach in the third quarter with a 14-0 run highlighted by Hughes underhanding a lob pass to James for a dunk and then nailing a 3-pointer as the Cavs ballooned their lead to 25.
James didn't appear to favor their injured hand as they were able to dribble despite the bulky brace. They were injured during a Nov. 28 game at Detroit when they were hit by Pistons forward Nazr Mohammed.
The Cavs were without guard Daniel Gibson, who had a cyst and wisdom tooth removed on Monday.
Game notes
Cleveland's early season injury bug spread to Brown's home. Both their sons broke bones last week playing basketball. "First my team, then my kids," Brown said. ... Hughes is the first player to score 36 points in 26 minutes or less since Houston's Tracy McGrady did it in 2004 against the Cavs. ... O'Brien again defended their decision not to discipline Tinsley, who has been involved in three late-night incidents in the past 14 months. "He did nothing wrong," said O'Brien, who hopes their player makes better decisions in the future. "It's another in a long line of wake-up calls for all professional athletes in the country. They have to watch where they go. They have to watch how late they stay up. There have been too many incidents over the last 18 months that have ranged from homicides to robberies. It's a very, very scary environment these guys live in right now."
QR Code Link to This Post
This is the newest retired F1 car in the US!Feel free to email me with any questions or trade offers.This vehicle does not have an engine.Technical specificationsChassis carbon-fibre and honeycomb composite monocoqueSuspension (front) carbon-fibreSuspension (rear) carbon-fibreTransmission Red Bull Technologies Seven-speed semi-automatic gearbox with reverse gearWeight 640 kg (1,411 lb) (including driver)Fuel TotalTyres Pirelli P ZeroBBS Wheels (front and rear): 13"The Lotus T128,[1] known prior to its launch by its project number TL11, is a Formula One motor racing car designed by Mike Gascoyne for Team Lotus for use in the 2011 Formula One season. 2011 saw the car abandon its Cosworth engine in favour of one developed by Renault. The T128 was launched online on 31 January 2011.[2] Team Lotus retained an unchanged driver lineup in 2011, with 2010 drivers Heikki Kovalainen and Jarno Trulli racing the T128. It was confirmed that the team would start the season without the Kinetic Energy Recovery System, but senior figures suggested they would adopt it if the car proved successful,[3] however the team continued for the rest of the 2011 season without KERS. The team changed from the Cosworth CA2010 engine used in 2010 to the Renault RS27 series, as well as exchanging a transmission developed by X-Trac to one built by Red Bull Technologies. The design of the T128 also incorporated a "bladed" rollbar similar to the one developed by Mercedes in 2010, but thicker and with sturdier air intakes to conform with FIA regulations.
Copyright by WTNH - All rights reserved (AP Photo/Washington State Patrol, Trooper Tony Brock)
Copyright by WTNH - All rights reserved (AP Photo/Washington State Patrol, Trooper Tony Brock)
Associated Press - FIFE, Wash. (AP) - A Washington State Patrol trooper says it's by far the best carpool scam he's seen, but it didn't work.
As KOMO-TV put it, "Troopers don't always stop people in the HOV lanes, but when they do, they prefer 'dos' passengers."
A motorcycle trooper parked along Interstate 5 near Tacoma on Monday afternoon spotted a driver and a rather unusual "passenger" pass by them in the carpool lane. When the trooper stopped the car, they discovered the "passenger" was a cardboard cutout of the actor who portrays "The Most Interesting Man in the World" in Dos Equis beer ads.
The driver's response? "He's my best friend."
The Most Interesting Man was not confiscated, but the driver was told not to use them again.
Channeling the cardboard cutout, the State Patrol tweeted: "I don't always violate the HOV lane law ... but when I do, I get a $124 ticket."
Copyright 2015 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
American voters have been able to learn about Melania Knauss Trump, the future first lady. Tabloids that highlighted their flashy photos from their past life as a model are now changing focus. They have been interviewed about their current role as a mother and on their future duties and life side by side to the man occupying the most important executive position in the world. Not much, however, has been said about the very special country they come from: Slovenia.
I have been visiting and working on several projects in Slovenia for more than a decade so hopefully I can fill that gap. When mentioning the country, many confuse it with Slovakia, a country roughly double its size and with a very similar national flag and name, but very different language and history. The countries are separated by Austria. Their respective capitals, Ljubljana and Bratislava, are located 300 miles away.
By history, geography and significance, the citizens of this country of immense beauty, see themselves as Central Europeans. It is slightly smaller than the State of New Jersey and almost equal to the size of Israel. Anthropological and archaeological studies find ancient common roots with Venice and the people of the Veneto region. Smallness does not mean irrelevance. Small countries, and former republics like Venice, have become major positive examples for the world. Slovenia is much larger than Hong Kong or Singapore, which occupy top places in all rankings of economic freedom and dynamism.
Slovenia is a member of NATO, the European Union, and this year will celebrate its first decade as part of the Schengen area. This group comprises 26 European states that have officially abolished passport and any other type of border control at their frontiers. It has a small population of around 2 million, with a heavy state burden, around 45% of GDP. By traditional statistical standards that measure inequality, such as the Gini coefficient, Slovenia is one of the most egalitarian countries in the world, even more than Scandinavian nations. But the relative security provided by the state comes at a cost. It has a mostly risk averse society, ranks at the bottom in demographic growth, and already has one of the oldest populations in the world.
Low population growth and ageing societies are not uncommon in small countries. Singapore is an example, and it has been growing much faster. Three decades ago these nations started with a similar GDP and GDP per capita. Today the Singaporean economy almost triples that of Slovenia.
Those who to understand a nation focus more on political and intellectual roots remember that Thomas Jefferson was well aware of some of the customs of Carinthia, or Carantania, the northern region which is shared by Slovenia and Austria. Jefferson read Jean Bodin's (1530-1596) The Six Books of the Republic, where among other things, they learned about how Slovenians handled their own “Inaugural”: the installation of the Duke of Carinthia. The ritual was full of symbolism focusing on consent, division of power, and service to all, especially the common man: the Duke themselves had to be dressed for the ceremony as a “man of the people.”
There is a growing number of intellectual entrepreneurs, working hard to move Slovenia to freer and more prosperous horizons. The intellectual scene, however, is so biased towards a corporatist and statist view of society, that their work is not easy. To change that climate of opinion, the Karantania Institute, named after “Jefferson's Carantania” has been very active publishing fundamental books promoting the principles of free society, from the works of Frederic Bastiat, to those of the Austrian and Chicago School economists, as well as some works of deep historical significance. One such effort was the translation of the classic The New Class by Milovan Djilas, which is an attack on the hypocrisy of socialist elites, with many lessons for today.
Karantania is led by Lovro Sturm, a former chief Supreme Court judge, and former Minister of Justice.  They are widely respected in Slovenia and the region. In September, 2012 they were named an Illustrious Citizen by the European Union. In addition to publishing and promoting over two dozen books, Karantania led an effort to reach high schools with educational videos promoting a free economy. They were produced by IZZIT.org, an initiative of the Free to Choose Network, Erie, PA. Karantania has worked as a mini-foundation, supporting other start-ups and identifying young Slovenian freedom champions who are nurturing the work of think tanks, universities, seminaries and corporations. I can't mention all, but I would be remiss if I do not mention the tireless Steinbacher brothers (Mitja, Matej and Matjaz), young, passionate promoters of the free society.
Another effort favorable to a free economy is the Catholic Institute (CI) started by the local Catholic University. The key people at the think tank are Anton Stres, retired Archbishop, and former Dean of Theology at the University of Ljubljana, and Fr. Andrej Naglic. Stres is an accomplished philosophical scholar. Naglic, before becoming a priest, worked at the Karantania Institute. Being a small country international alliances are essential. CI has established a formal relationship with the University of Cataluña, and Naglic is a frequent participant at Acton University, hosted by the Acton Institute in Grand Rapids, Michigan.
Visio Institute, is headed by Tanja Stumberger Porcnik, an adjunct fellow at the Cato Institute, who is a co-author of the Index of Human Freedom. Last September, Visio partnered with the Fraser Institute to audit Slovenian economic policies with the goal of increasing economic freedom. Fred McMahon, who leads these efforts for Fraser, points that Slovenia grew faster than the world economy between 1995 and 2008, 69%, compared to 26% for the world average. Between 2008 and 2014, the trend reversed. Slovenia's per capita GDP fell by 9%, compared to growth of 5% for the world average. Today the country ranks near the bottom of the European countries in the economic freedom indices. It showed some improvement in the latest Fraser Institute ranking (2014 data), but the 2016 Heritage-Wall Street Journal Index of Economic Freedom shows a deterioration of over 3% since 2014. The main weaknesses are in its respect for rule of law, costly labor regulations, and the financial interventionist controls which create barriers for entrepreneurship and incentives for cronyism in the credit markets.
Alen Alexander Klaric runs Svetilnik which used to be presided by Tanja Porcnik. They produce the Slovenian Tax Freedom day, and conduct educational programs both for local and international students. There are also intellectual entrepreneurs in the academy, such as Blaz Ivanc, a Professor of Law at the University of Ljubljana.  They are an expert on health and law and is trying to start a Center on Bioethics. But the incentives at the university conspire against pro free economy efforts.
Janez Jansa, former Prime Minister, and President of the Slovenian Democratic Party (SDS), now in the opposition, believes that Slovenia's most urgent need is breaking the quasi-monopoly that the left has on major media. During my last meeting with them they described Nova24 TV, an Internet TV channel, which is trying to bypass the mainstream media. Other media efforts sympathetic to the free society include two relevant magazines, Reporter and Demokracija, as well as NoviceJutro, a Slovenian version of the Drudge Report.
Several of those who worked in Jansa's government, such as former head of intelligence Damir Črnčec, and Dr. Ziga Turk, who was minister of education, science and culture, have participated in programs of U.S. free-market think tanks. Both play an important role advising governments in the region. Turk, in particular, has invested considerable time in trying to start new think tank projects.
An article that mentions Trump, should always have some focus on business people. Even with the difficult regulatory and risk adverse environment, one can find those who have managed to succeed. They would profit even more in a more freedom friendly Slovenia. In my last trip I spent quality time with three of them: Tone Rode, who runs Druzina an important publishing house; Tomaz Lah, founder and CEO of Nektar Natura, a high-end juice provider to leading hotels; and Miha Novak, who founded a Medical furniture company. The Trump presidency, due to any marginal focus on Melania Trump's should increase knowledge and interest about Slovenia. It will be business and intellectual entrepreneurs as those mentioned in this article, who would be natural allies of the new administration and help discover new opportunities for Slovenian prosperity.
It was just over two years ago that the paragon of internet privacy, the Tor project, decided to build its own browser by forking Firefox. Wired reports that an exploit of that very same browser has been recently discovered that allowed a number of users' Windows computers to be infected with malware. Once installed, the code delivered infected machines' hostnames and MAC addresses to a remote web server in Reston, Virginia, a city located just outside Washington D.C. The browser exploit -- a JavaScript vulnerability inherent to Firefox version 17, the version upon which the Tor browser was built -- was enabled by a breach of Freedom Hosting servers. In this case, affected Freedom Hosting servers delivered web pages to users with the JavaScript exploit embedded in them.
There's no direct evidence that the malware comes from the government, but the malware's command and control IP address is registered to a governmental defense contractor. Plus, the data pulled from infected machines indicates it could be an example of the FBI's computer and internet protocol address verifier (CIPAV) software first identified by Wired in 2007. CIPAV has been used by the FBI to help identify and catch terrorists, hackers and criminals since 2002, but the exact nature of the software has never been revealed. Regardless, the vulnerability in the browser has been identified and fixed, so users need only update to the newest version of the Tor browser to keep their web traffic away from prying eyes... for now, at least.
Update: To be clear, the Firefox exploit in question was fixed, along with the Tor browser well over a month ago, and any users who have updated since June 26th were not affected.
The JFK Presidential Library and Museum announced that California Secretary of State Debra Bowen will receive its prestigious John F Kennedy Profile in Courage Award. Bowen was selected for their decision last year to de-certify electronic voting machines after a number of security flaws were discovered.
The honor goes to "public servants who have made courageous decisions of conscience without regard for the personal or professional consequences," according to a press release from the JFK Library Foundation, which created the award. Bowen's decision last August was unpopular with many county elections officials, who felt it was an overreaction after they collectively had spent multimillions on electronic machines affected by the new restrictions.
Accompanying the announcement of the award was this statement from the Kennedy Library:
“After a $450 million investment by California counties in electronic voting systems aimed at modernizing elections, newly elected Secretary of State Debra Bowen ordered an independent review of the new voting technologies to ensure they adequately protected the integrity of the vote. When the study revealed troubling flaws in the systems, Bowen strictly limited the use of direct-recording electronic voting machines, and imposed significant security and auditing requirements on systems to be used in California's February 5 presidential primary election. Bowen's decision was met with resistance by voting system vendors and many county elections officials.”
Also honored are Ohio Secretary of State Jennifer Brunner; former Mississippi Governor William Winter will receive a Lifetime Achievement Award for their efforts in championing racial equality and educational opportunity.
Congratulations to all three honorees, and many thanks to the Kennedy Library for acknowledging the hard work, under difficult conditions and against powerful adversaries, of all three Profiles in Courage.
Some people have a way of breaking down an issue, laying it out in its simplest, most rudimentary form. Comic and podcaster Adam Carolla did just that recently when they unleashed what many conservatives will hail an acerbic yet painfully accurate debunking of the Occupy movement and its self-ascribed motivations. The nearly ten minute long lampooning of America's new "f-king self-entitled monsters" who "think the world owes them a living" is peppered with very strong language, still, Carolla's observations are worth listening through to the end.
Among the many highlights in Carolla's rant, they ask why the top "1 percent" of America paying 50 percent of all income taxes in the country is not good enough for the Occupiers. They also observe how "envy" never before existed among Americans the way it does now, and that it, along with "shame" plays a crucial role in the Occupiers' motivation and self-justification.
Reflecting on how things used to be "back in the day," Carolla states:
"You took guys who built something, and you said 'there's a guy who accomplished something.' You didn't say, 'that guy didn't pay their fair share.' That guy paid millions of dollars last year, and you paid shi*t and you're pissed at him?"
You can listen to Carolla's podcast below. We caution again, they use very strong language:
Earlier this week, Google removed an app called “Disconnect Mobile” from the Google Play app store.
Disconnect Mobile is a privacy tool that stops other apps from collecting data on users. In the five days it was available in Google's store, it was downloaded more than 5,000 times, reports the Wall Street Journal, which broke the news on the banned app.
The startup makes a similar app for iOS and a popular desktop version used by 2 million people.
Google sent Disconnect an email telling the startup that the app violated a rule. Google doesn't allow any app in its store that “interferes with” other apps.
Cofounder Casey Oppenheim thinks Google categorized the app as an ad blocker and that's why it was banned.
Google, which gives Android away for free and relies on advertising for the bulk of its income, has famously removed other ad-blocking apps from its app store.
But Oppenheim says their app is not a classic ad blocker and was carefully constructed not to violate any of Google's rules. In a blog post, they write:
“Disconnect focuses on protecting people from invisible tracking and sources of malware, and all too often these threats come in the form of advertising. … The fact is, we are not opposed to advertising and think advertising plays a critical role in the Internet economy. But we are 100% opposed to advertising that invisibly tracks people and compromises their security.”
Disconnect Disconnect cofounder Casey Oppenheim
The company wouldn't comment to the Wall Street Journal on the specifics of this case but it did offer this statement: “Our policies are designed to provide a great experience for users and developers. That's why we remove apps from Google Play that violate those policies.”
We also reached out to Google and will update when we hear back.
Traffic has been so overwhelming since news of the blocked app broke, that Disconnect's blog website keeps going down.
The startup's cofounder, Casey Oppenheim, sent Business Insider a copy of the email:
From: Google Play Support <googleplay-developer- [email protected]> Date: Tue, Aug 26, 2014 at 1:46 PM Subject: Notification from Google Play To: [email protected] This is a notification that your application, Disconnect Mobile, with package ID me.disconnect.mobile, has been removed from the Google Play Store. REASON FOR REMOVAL: Violation of section 4.4 of the Developer Distribution Agreement. After a regular review we have determined that your app interferes with or accesses another service or product in an unauthorised manner. This violates the provision of your agreement with Google referred to above. This particular app has been disabled as a policy strike. If your developer account is still in good standing, (and the nature of your app allows for it), you may revise and upload a policy compliant version of this application as a new package name. This notification also serves as notice for remaining, unsuspended violations in your catalogue, and you may avoid further app suspensions by immediately unpublishing any apps in violation of (but not limited to) the above policy. Once you have resolved any existing violations, you may republish the app(s) at will. Before publishing applications, please ensure your apps' compliance with the Developer Distribution Agreement and Content Policy. All violations are tracked. Serious or repeated violations of any nature will result in the termination of your developer account, and investigation and possible termination of related Google accounts. If your account is terminated, payments will cease and Google may recover the proceeds of any past sales and/or the cost of any associated fees (such as chargebacks and transaction fees) from you. If you feel we have made this determination in error, you can visit this Google Play Help Center article for additional information regarding this removal. The Google Play Team
And they also sent us a copy of the blog post:
Google just banned our new Mobile Android app before it even launched Another example privacy friendly alternatives for Android app distribution are critically important This post is about more than our new app, Disconnect Mobile, being arbitrarily removed by Google from the Play Store Tuesday, five days after it went live and prior to doing any PR announcement. This post is really about Google's disregard for user privacy and security, their ability to arbitrarily and unilaterally ban any app from the world's dominant mobile operating system (78% of total smartphones run Android), and the importance of alternative Android distribution platforms that support privacy and security. Our part in this story began two days ago. As our small team excitedly prepared for the imminent PR launch of our mobile privacy apps for iOS and Android, our CTO Patrick Jackson received this email from Google, notifying us that they'd removed the application from the Play Store after only five days: The term our app allegedly violated, 4.4, and the very brief description of the reason was so vague and overly broad that every app in the Play Store, even Google's own applications, could be alleged to be in violation! With terms like this, Google can ban any app for no good reason at all. This isn't the first time that we've been blocked from launching a privacy app in the Play Store. In early 2013, after nine months of development on a previously conceived version of our Android product, Google announced that they were pulling the ability to automatically set a localhost proxy, which our product and other privacy apps relied on. Because of that experience, we took every precaution with our new app (like with our existing Android apps) not to utilise any technology that wasn't clearly documented and actively supported by Google. The banned app utilizes the VpnService API that has been made publicly available by Google since at least 2011. Thousands of other applications utilise the same API. So why were we targeted and why didn't Google provide an explanation? Although we may never know Google's true motivation for removing our app, it seems likely that they determined it threatened their tracking and advertising based business model, which accounts for over 90% of Google's $US66 billion in estimated 2014 annual revenue. Put another way, we think Google mistook us for an adblocker. But our mobile product (like our Desktop product) is not an adblocker. Instead Disconnect focuses on protecting people from invisible tracking and sources of malware, and all too often these threats come in the form of advertising. In fact, some of the most privacy invasive data collection online happens through ads, which see you even if you don't see or interact with them. And worse, ad networks (including Google) are increasingly being used by “advertisers” to spread malware. This increasingly popular tactic, called malvertising, is currently being investigated by the US Senate, and Disconnect Mobile is the first app to directly address it. The fact is, we are not opposed to advertising and think advertising plays a critical role in the Internet economy. But we are 100% opposed to advertising that invisibly tracks people and compromises their security. Our FAQ for Disconnect Mobile states our position further: “Rather than block all advertisements, we only block the privacy­invasive ads that invisibly track you and may be responsible for distributing malware (malvertising) and other security threats. We also generally unblock ad tracking websites that commit to respect users' Do Not Track (DNT) preferences and agree to comply with DNT as defined by the Electronic Frontier Foundation: https://www.eff.org/dnt­policy. We're not alone in wanting privacy and security protections from online advertising, and we have every reason to believe that there is huge pent­up demand for the banned product. Over 2 million people actively use our desktop products and the most common customer request ­ by far ­ is to bring similar products to mobile. Indeed, we had quietly launched the identical iOS version of the banned Android app a few weeks back and this past weekend it became the #1 grossing Utility app on iTunes! Even more indicative of market demand is the fact that we have lined up several distribution partnerships that could have reached over 100 million people over the next few months. We are determined to oppose Google's decision and hope our app will be available in the Play Store again soon. But at the same time, this experience has effectively wiped out months of hard work and has highlighted a serious and increasingly dangerous problem: Google has way too much power over distribution of applications on Android and can kill applications at will without justification. This is why efforts to create alternative Android based platforms that respect user privacy ­ like Blackphone's PrivatOS (on which Disconnect is the default search provider and a pre­installed application) and CyanogenMod (a more open aftermarket firmware distribution for Android devices) ­ are so important for the future of the increasingly Android­based Internet. In addition to promoting alternatives, we will be challenging Google to reinstate our app in the Play Store, and to update its policies to respect developer rights and an individual's right to protect their privacy and security. Further, we will continue to work with and support the efforts of pro­privacy groups like the Electronic Frontier Foundation, Center for Democracy and Technology and Fight for the Future.
Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join
Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.
Holiday in Hiroshima The Friendliest City In The World
Hiroshima attracts the curious traveller for all the wrong historical reasons, but go there anyway, it's brilliant.
I went to Hiroshima once, purely for the fact that it is the site of the first atom bomb ever dropped. In that sense, I was probably like virtually every other western tourist that visits the city. It has an almost mythical presence in 20th century history, and I suppose the draw is seeing the place for yourself, and realising that what happened actually happened.
When I got off the train, the first thing I noticed was that it was like every other Japanese city I had seen. There were concrete buildings, green taxis and traffic police in white gloves. A short walk took me to my destination - the hotel that was to be my home for the weekend. It was a pretty basic place, but authentically Japanese, with futons on the floor to sleep on, and lots of ankle-height furniture.
I decided to get my A-bomb tourist viewing started as quickly as possible, so I ventured out into the streets, with a route to the Peace Park marked out by the owner of the hotel – an incredibly old Japanese man with no teeth. The park is now the centre of the city, marking the point at which the bomb hit. In the middle there's a shrine, containing the names of everyone who died in the blast written in a big book.
It was a clear and sunny autumn day, which made it a shame to move indoors, but I wanted to see the A-bomb museum – a pretty 60s-looking white building on stilts on the south side of the park. It was still early on a Wednesday, but the place seemed busy anyway. I quickly realised that there was a group of school kids in there, all wearing identical yellow baseball caps, and being marched around by their teacher.
After an hour, I was getting hungry, so I headed into the city to find an Italian restaurant that my friend had recommended – I was sick of Japanese food by now. I found the place easily enough, with an old Japanese woman almost physically dragging me there by the arm, they were so excited by the prospect of helping me. It was good food too – a three-course pasta feast for less than a fiver.
Hiroshima has to be the friendliest city in the world, where everyone seems genuinely pleased to see you, and overly anxious to help you. I stood at a tram stop looking at a map. The driver stopped and got out to ask me where I was going. When I got on, people shuffled up on the seats, beaming at me as I sat down. When I got up to leave, they even said goodbye.
For the rest of the day I just strolled around, exchanging friendly greetings and drinking in coffee shops. When it got too cold, I returned to my little hotel, where a flask of green tea was waiting for me.
Every time the sun lets off a solar flare, a massive wave of ions, electrons, gamma rays and other science-sounding stuff comes flying out with unimaginable energy.
A day or two later, it all hits our atmosphere, scattering around Earth's magnetic field.
Sometimes, as in January, the impact of a flare is strong enough to make the Northern Lights visible to millions of people who don't usually see them.
But every time there's a solar flare, it has at least some effect on the invisible field of magnetic energy around our planet.
And that means it affects the signals from radio stations around the world.
Most of us will never notice these slightly different radio signals.
But a little home-made antenna in an empty room in the David Dunlap Observatory (DDO) in Richmond Hill picks them up.
The signals travel through a hand-built circuit board to a small home computer, set up to monitor radio stations from here to South America.
In other words, every time there's a solar flare, this little set-up detects it.
Thornhill high school students built this thing from plastic tubing, wire, and electronic bits and bobs.
Not every teenager can say they or they built a working solar flare detector, but they can.
And the reason it was built (and works) is that volunteers from the Toronto Centre chapter of the Royal Astronomical Society of Canada helped them do it.
They've also kept Canada's largest optical telescope — the Observatory's mind-blowing 23-ton, steam-punk behemoth — in operating condition.
In fact, the only reason ANYTHING at the David Dunlap Observatory is still working and useful is that these hardy volunteers put in countless hours of work.
The Observatory was built in the 1930's in a patch of woods on Hillsview Avenue, off Bayview north of Highway 7, when the whole area was countryside.
After decades as the heart of Canadian astronomy, the facility was used by the University of Toronto as a training facility for its students, and for public education.
But the university sold the land, and the Observatory, to developers a few years back.
Ever since, the developers, local residents and the Town of Richmond Hill have been locked in a three-way contest over what happens to the site.
While the issue drags through the slow and lengthy process of the Ontario Municipal Board, the Observatory is in limbo.
Fortunately, those volunteers I mentioned were willing to step in.
For the past three years, they've maintained the huge telescope and observatory, as well as the beautifully ornate administration building.
The Toronto Centre fanatics have patched, repaired and preserved, even figuring out how to refinish the two-ton, two-metre telescope mirror. These true believers give up evenings and weekends to hold public lectures, tours and student activities.
More than 10,000 people have come from around the world, most of them for the free public viewings through the biggest volunteer-managed telescope in the world.
And, say the volunteers, that's just the beginning.
They want to expand all their public activities and turn the DDO into a space science campus.
People, including school groups and science teachers, would learn about astronomy, optics, robotics, astro-photography and other cool science topics.
Their argument is that Canada is a great hockey nation because we encourage and support young players. If we want to be a great science nation, we have to put in the same kind of effort.
The volunteers are willing to raise the money and do all the work. All they need is the green light.
I'd say they've earned it.
(Check out the observatory at http://www.theDDO.ca)
New York, NY, January 4, 2010 - Knee osteoarthritis (OA) accounts for more disability in the elderly than any other disease. Running, although it has proven cardiovascular and other health benefits, can increase stresses on the joints of the leg. In a study published in the December 2009 issue of PM&R: The journal of injury, function and rehabilitation, researchers compared the effects on knee, hip and ankle joint motions of running barefoot versus running in modern running shoes. They concluded that running shoes exerted more stress on these joints compared to running barefoot or walking in high-heeled shoes.
Sixty-eight healthy young adult runners (37 women), who run in typical, currently available running shoes, were selected from the general population. None had any history of musculoskeletal injury and each ran at least 15 miles per week. A running shoe, selected for its neutral classification and design characteristics typical of most running footwear, was provided to all runners. Using a treadmill and a motion analysis system, each subject was observed running barefoot and with shoes. Data were collected at each runner's comfortable running pace after a warm-up period.
The researchers observed increased joint torques at the hip, knee and ankle with running shoes compared with running barefoot. Disproportionately large increases were observed in the hip internal rotation torque and in the knee flexion and knee varus torques. An average 54% increase in the hip internal rotation torque, a 36% increase in knee flexion torque, and a 38% increase in knee varus torque were measured when running in running shoes compared with barefoot.
These findings confirm that while the typical construction of modern-day running shoes provides good support and protection of the foot itself, one negative effect is the increased stress on each of the 3 lower extremity joints. These increases are likely caused in large part by an elevated heel and increased material under the medial arch, both characteristic of today's running shoes.
Writing in the article, lead author D. Casey Kerrigan, MD, JKM Technologies LLC, Charlottesville, VA, and co-investigators state, "Remarkably, the effect of running shoes on knee joint torques during running (36%-38% increase) that the authors observed here is even greater than the effect that was reported earlier of high-heeled shoes during walking (20%-26% increase). Considering that lower extremity joint loading is of a significantly greater magnitude during running than is experienced during walking, the current findings indeed represent substantial biomechanical changes." Dr. Kerrigan concludes, "Reducing joint torques with footwear completely to that of barefoot running, while providing meaningful footwear functions, especially compliance, should be the goal of new footwear designs."
###
The article is "The Effect of Running Shoes on Lower Extremity Joint Torques" by D. Casey Kerrigan, MD, Jason R. Franz, MS, Geoffrey S. Keenan, MD, Jay Dicharry, MPT, Ugo Della Croce, PhD, and Robert P. Wilder, MD. It appears in PM&R: The journal of injury, function and rehabilitation, Volume 1, Issue 12 (December 2009), published by Elsevier. The article has been made freely available and may be accessed at: http://www.pmrjournal.org/article/S1934-1482(09)01367-7/fulltext
Bien Stephenson / Flickr
When it comes to board games, Risk might be one of the most cutthroat ways to spend an evening among friends.
Sure, Monopoly involves quite a bit of capitalist-oriented skulduggery, but Risk involves actually attacking your fellow players. With armies. To take their stuff.
Like Monopoly, Risk involves both skill and luck. The objective of Risk is to take over the world by eliminating all of your enemies. You amass territory by attacking your adversaries' armies. When you attack enemies, you roll dice.
Since attacking and defending with dice define every interaction on the Risk board, knowing the ways to use the statistics of battle to your advantage give you a distinct advantage when playing.
Here, we look at Risk as mathematically as possible, drawing from some excellent scholarship on the subject.
The Board
By far the most important thing to understand is the map. Controlling the continents gives you an added bonus depending on the size of the continent.
Garrett Robinson, who graduated MIT in 2009, wrote a paper outlining the math behind Risk.
From their paper, here's the Risk board:
Garrett Robinson / MIT
That's somewhat misleading though. The size of the territories can be misleading, making it seem like certain areas are more difficult to hold than others.
Plus, you can't really get a sense of how truly vulnerable some individual territories are.
Here's a better way of looking at the same map, devised by Robinson:
Garrett Robinson / MIT
So we know a few stats about the board right off the bat.
Here are the number of bonus armies you get for every turn you hold each continent.
Asia — 12 territories, 7 armies per turn
Europe — 7 territories, 5 armies per turn
North America — 9 territories, 5 armies per turn
Africa — 6 territories, 3 armies per turn
South America — 4 territories, 2 armies per turn
Australia — 4 territories, 2 armies per turn
An Associated Press analysis of states' progress in planning for coverage under the federal health care overhaul shows Ohio is among 20 states lagging behind.
The uneven progress could have consequences, including disparities and delays among states in carrying out an expansion of health insurance.
Thirteen states have adopted a plan. Seventeen more states are making headway, but it's not clear all will succeed. The 20 states lagging behind account for the biggest share of the uninsured — 42 percent.
Those lagging states include four with arguably the most to gain: Ohio, Texas, Florida and Georgia. The nonpartisan Urban Institute estimates those states together would add more than 7 million people to the insurance rolls, reducing the annual burden of charity care by $10.7 billion.
Click here or scroll down to comment
Oh Rand Paul. I sometimes want to take you seriously, if only to make clear Democrats don't have a corner on black votes, and can't take them for granted. But as long as you're the chief advocate for African American outreach in the 2016 GOP presidential field, Hillary Clinton, Bernie Sanders and the rest of the Democratic field won't have to worry at all.
On Tuesday the junior senator from Kentucky tweeted:
Advertisement:
[embedtweet id=616008396559355904]
The day before, Paul met with Cliven Bundy, the welfare rancher who became a hero to wingnuts everywhere last year, especially on Fox News, when they refused to pay $1 million in federal grazing fees. With the help of armed right-wing militia members like the Oath Keepers and the White Mountain Militia, Bundy got the Bureau of Land Management to back down. But the right's Bundy worship went a little underground when the rancher, enjoying the limelight, introduced a racist diatribe by saying, “Let me tell you something about the Negro.”
Maybe Paul thought that when Bundy began that way, it made them an expert on black people. But Bundy's "knowledge" consisted of explaining that the problems of black people began when slavery ended, and they were no longer taught to pick cotton.
We should give Paul credit for consistency: they used that silly line about downtrodden ideological “minorities” when speaking at a historically black college, Bowie State University, earlier this year.
“You can be a minority because of the shade of your skin, or you can be a minority because of the shade of your ideology. You can be a minority because you're African American or Hispanic, but you can also be a minority because you're an evangelical Christian,” Paul said told the crowd at Bowie State, which is the nation's oldest historically black university.
What a doofus.
Advertisement:
Paul seems to be comparing facing political debate to enslavement, dispossession, lynching, segregation, employment discrimination and everything else racial minorities suffer.
Meanwhile, Paul wrapped up a visit to Nevada by meeting with Bundy. Paul aides escorted the welfare rancher into a back room, where they met with the 2016 candidate for almost an hour. “I don't think they really understood how land rights really work in the western United States,” Bundy said. “I was happy to be able to sort of teach him.”
In their private meeting, Paul suggested one solution for welfare ranchers like Bundy was for private groups to buy back grazing lands and turn them over to the states, which would presumably provide free grazing rights to ranchers. “I disagree with that philosophy,” Bundy said they told Paul. “My stand is we are already a sovereign state. The federal government doesn't need to turn this land back to us. It's already state land. I don't claim ownership. I claim rights.”
Bundy told the Associated Press, “In general, I think we're in tune with one another.”
Advertisement:
Paul should be embarrassed. (But so should the AP, which circulated the story about Paul meeting with Bundy without noting the Nevada wingnut's history of racist commentary.)
Maybe the Kentucky senator's foray into African American outreach has discouraged him, and they think there's more profit in the gun-toting anti-Obama patriot movement. Or maybe they think outreach for the GOP means visiting black colleges, but espousing the same old policies that have driven nine out of 10 black voters to the Democratic Party.
What's clear is that young Rand Paul seems to be assembling the coalition of their father Ron Paul, which was notably light on black support because Paul themselves was kind of a racist, given to Bundy-like musings about black crime and indolence in their newsletters over the years. Communing with Cliven Bundy isn't going to win Paul black votes, however -- no matter how much they think they know about the Negro.
Scouts learn first-aid skills in Scouting without ever knowing when they'll need to use them. Or on whom.
Last month a group of New Jersey Boy Scouts helped rescue the NBC journalist Ann Curry after they had broken their ankle while hiking.
On April 5, 2014, Scouts from Troop and Crew 368 out of Berkeley Heights, N.J., were on a Philmont training hike through Harriman State Park in New York.
That's when, as Scouter Rick Jurgens told me this morning, they came across Curry. Only they didn't know it was the Emmy-winning journalist right away.
“We were hiking along, and we came to a trail intersection,” Jurgens said, “and a lady was sitting on the ground with their one leg out. We didn't think anything of it, but one of the guys asked if everything is OK. They said, ‘No, not really. I think I broke my ankle.' They told us to keep going, but the guys refused.”
With no prompting from Jurgens, the Scouts sprang into action. This is what they had trained for.
“They splinted it up perfectly,” Jurgens said. “Just like in the pictures.”
Jurgens, a professional firefighter and EMT, double-checked their work and found they had made a textbook splint.
“We work on these requirements, and here's an opportunity where it was a true test of all this First Class, Second Class first-aid requirements,” they said. “They got to use it and use it for real. And they did an outstanding job.”
Curry, in a letter they later sent to the Scouts, praised their emergency readiness, saying they went “above the call of duty.”
“Discovering I was unable to walk, and needed to get down the mountain for medical care, you immediately set about to help,” they wrote.
Not out of the woods yet
They splinted Curry's leg, but they still needed to get down the mountain and couldn't walk or be safely carried down the steep terrain. The Scouts again knew what to do.
“The guys on their own, with no direction from me, start running into the woods,” Jurgens said. “And they didn't know what was going on, and I didn't know what was going on either.”
Turns out they were finding pieces of wood for a makeshift stretcher — the same kind they teach you to make in first-aid classes. They found two strong sticks and tied on a tarp. One of the Scouts, Andrew Stecher, got on the stretcher to test its load-bearing ability. It worked.
They set the stretcher next to Curry, their ankle really swelling up now. They slid onto it, and the Scouts picked them up. Jurgens and another adult helped guide the Scouts and point out rocks along their path.
In good spirits throughout
Curry's skillful reporting has taken them to Iraq, Congo, Iran, Sudan and other areas of international crisis. So, Jurgens said, it's no surprise this situation didn't seem to raise Curry's blood pressure too much.
“She was in a good mood, asking us about our Philmont trip,” Jurgens said. “She wanted to hear what brought us to Harriman State Park.”
Curry's husband and son went ahead to get their SUV and drive it to the trailhead. The Scouts helped Curry into the front seat of the car, and before they left, Curry's husband thanked the Scouts.
“He told us, ‘You guys are the best,'” Jurgens said. “‘I don't know what I would do without you guys.'”
Curry's husband wrote down Jurgens' contact info and left for the hospital.
What happened next
Once Curry and their family had driven away, the forest rangers arrived.
“They asked, ‘Is there somebody up there who needs rescuing?' And we said, ‘It's taken care of,'” Jurgens said.
Jurgens praised the Scouts for a fantastic job. Then they broke some news to them.
“I said, ‘Do you know who that woman was? That was Ann Curry.'”
Jurgens had recognized Curry, and their iconic voice, right away. But not all the Scouts in their troop and crew are avid news-watchers. So Chris Tribuna, acting crew leader, took out their phone and showed them Curry is a national news anchor who has interviewed pretty much everyone.
The Scouts were floored by all the famous people they had interviewed, exotic assignments they had covered and adventures they had been on.
Even after that, one Scout in the group didn't believe it was Ann Curry. That is, until a few weeks later when they got a letter.
A call, and a letter, from Curry
Last week, Jurgens got a phone call from a number they didn't recognize.
“She said, ‘Hi, is this Rick? This is Ann Curry, the lady you rescued on Bear Mountain.' They were really great and really appreciative. They said they underestimated the Boy Scouts of America. They were just mesmerized that a bunch of 14-, 15- and 16-year-olds came together and got them down the mountain,” Jurgens said.
Curry got the addresses of everyone who was there that day and sent each a hand-signed letter thanking them for their “skill and professionalism.” See the letter below.
“I feel enormously lucky you came along at just the right moment, and were so willing to help a stranger in need,” they wrote. “You are a credit to the Boy Scouts and to your families, and I want you to know I am deeply grateful for your kindness and skill.”
Update, May 9: Curry Tweeted (to their 1.4 million followers) their thanks to the Scouts of Troop 368:
If you break a leg on on a mountain, I hope Boy Scout Troop 368 finds you. Boy am I glad they found me.http://t.co/AzTWlFzNcz — Ann Curry (@AnnCurry) May 9, 2014
My takeaways
What I love about this story is that while this one has a famous name associated with it, these types of stories happen all the time in Scouting. It's what Scouts train for.
“No matter who that was, we would've done the same exact thing,” Jurgens said. “The guys didn't know this was a special person at first and treated them with the most dignified respect. It was all on the guys.”
Speaking of, I was moved by how little credit Jurgens was willing to take for theirs role.
“I wish I could say, I told them to do this and that,” Jurgens said, “but they did it all on their own.”
The Scouts
From left: Devon McLean, Michael Middlebrook, Joe McLaughlin, Christopher Friedlander, Chris Pirone, Mark Trella, Andrew Stecher and Chris Tribuna.
Not pictured: Peter Krasny
Curry's letter
Click to enlarge
(Facebook/Supernatural)
"Supernatural" season 11 is on a hiatus and the Winchester brothers are still on vacation until this week. It has been confirmed that season 11 returns on April 27 with episode 19 called "The Chitters."
In episode 19, Sam (Jared Padalecki) and Dean (Jensen Ackles) will be asked to help solve a case involving some mysterious disappearances in a small Colorado town which only happens every 27 years.
The brothers will go and investigate this supernatural occurrence in the town and come face-to-face with a monster that returns and demands sacrifice from the townspeople once in many years.
As they go about their investigation, they will also encounter two other hunters who are tracking down the monsters. Unlike them, however, these hunters are seeking vengeance against the monster for their loss. According to rumors, the two hunters would be similar to Bobby and Rufus, who were capable of dealing with monsters in previous episodes.
Rumors have it that actor Elizabeth Blackmore, of the "Vampire Diaries" fame, will play one of the hunters who Sam and Dean will meet.  They are rumored to be playing the role of the mysterious Lady Toni Bevell. It is also said that they will become a recurring character in season 11.
In the teaser trailer for episode 19, Dean can be seen being caught by the monsters called the Chitters.
Meanwhile, Padalecki and Ackles have finished shooting the rest of season 11, hinting at the fact that the season finale is just around the corner. This means that fans won't be seeing the Winchester brothers on television for a long time once again.
Recently, Padalecki tweeted a picture of themselves and co-star Ackles at a restaurant for a dinner celebration after finishing season 11. The photo has a caption thanking the fans for an amazing season, with a promise to see them again for the next season.
MOROCCO — A plan to build a new suburb dedicated to Muslims runs counter to Quebec's values, Premier Philippe Couillard said from Morocco on Tuesday.
Couillard was reacting to a plan by a tax accountant to build up to 80 houses for Muslim families on 100 hectares of land near Brossard.
Nabil Warda, 68, said they will submit a real-estate development plan Friday to the Islamic Community Centre of South Shore—Brossard to build a community for about 100 Muslim families.
The idea behind the project is to allow Muslims to borrow money in a way that is compliant with Sharia law, which prohibits borrowing money where interest is payable. It would allow Sharia-compliant banks to own the property as an asset and make money through “rent.”
But Couillard said the idea is discriminatory.
“Discrimination works in many ways, and so does inclusion; we are in favour of mixed housing for cultural communities and religious groups,” Couillard said.
The statement flies in the face of comments made by Health Minister Gaétan Barrette, who represents the area in question. In an interview with Radio-Canada on Monday morning, Barrette said they don't have a problem with the idea, comparing it to Chinatown in Montreal.
The project raised the ire of politicians from all parties in Quebec City on Monday.
Coalition Avenir Québec MNA Éric Caire and Parti Québécois MNA Agnès Maltais both said they were opposed to the project, saying it would be the equivalent of white people or Catholics to creating their own exclusive community.
Liberal Immigration Minister Kathleen Weil also spoke out against the idea.
“A project whose vision is implicitly discriminatory toward a portion of the population could never be deemed acceptable,” Weil said. “In this sense, neither ethnic origin nor religious belief should ever be considered as criteria for the creation of a housing project. Living well together depends largely on individuals' ability to interact and develop positive relationships.”
Caroline Plante of the Montreal Gazette contributed to this report.
Hayley Hodson, the 2015 national first-year student of the year who missed most of last season as Stanford went on to win the NCAA championship, announced that they are taking a medical retirement from volleyball.
Hodson, 20, wrote about it in their blog at hayleyhodson.com. They detail dealing with post-concussion syndrome and all the problems that come with it. What's more, last season they had shin splints that made playing impossible. After playing in six of Stanford's matches, they withdrew from school early last season and never returned.
“I was diagnosed with Post-Concussion Syndrome, a diagnosis used to describe post-concussion complications that linger weeks and months after the standard recovery period,” wrote the product of Newport Beach, Calif. “Symptoms include migraines, dizziness, insomnia, impaired concentration, anxiety, and depression, all of which I had. When I returned to Stanford in March of 2017, I met with neuropsychologists, psychiatrists, and neurologists and was advised to medically retire. In total, I had five doctors look at me and tell me that there was no way I should be on a court due to my impaired reaction time and concentration. Each also asked me to consider the risk of continuing to play a sport in which I was likely to receive another hit to the head. After four concussions and who knows how many sub-concussive hits, my health and life have already been affected and I am looking at a future riddled with complications. So, I decided to medically retire.”
Hodson said they will study as a Stanford student at Oxford this fall.
“After a decade competing at a high level in volleyball, I'm stepping aside to allow myself the time and space to heal, pursue new passions, and protect my long-term brain health,” Hodson wrote. “The more I learn about concussions, the more I realize that there is still a lack of education about them, especially when it comes to women's brain injuries. It is a harrowing reality that I have been forced to face. I never asked for all this to happen to me. The course of my college career has been changed, my potential pro career stripped from me, and my long-term health jeopardized. It's quite scary, actually. That being said, I don't regret a minute of my volleyball journey and am thankful for everything it taught me.”
Click here to read their entire blog.
Beijing denies playing a significant role in feeding the ongoing opioid crisis that has killed tens of thousands of Americans, repudiating the U.S. assertion that China is the top source of the synthetic opiate fentanyl that is fueling the unprecedented number of fatal drug overdoses in the United States.
“The United States should look within to cut down demand for opioids which are fueling its deadly drug crisis rather than stressing unsubstantiated claims that China is the major source of these chemicals,” the Associated Press (AP) learned from Yu Haibin of the China National Narcotics Control Commission.
Yu blamed America's fatal overdose problem on a lack of drug abuse education, “a lax cultural attitude” towards illegal drugs stemming from the legalization of marijuana in some states and significant over-prescription of pain medication.
“China doesn't deny that shipments to the U.S. happen, but there isn't the proof to show how much — whether it's 20 percent or 80 percent,” declared the top Chinese drug enforcement official, adding that American authorities have failed to provide sufficient information to combat the illicit trade.
“As many states decriminalize marijuana, the public's attitudes and trends of thinking toward drugs will also have a bad effect” on the war on drugs, added the Chinese official.
China is eager to work with American counterparts on drug enforcement operations, notes AP, explaining: “Though Beijing has said U.S. assertions that China is the top source of fentanyl lack evidence, the two countries have deepened cooperation as the U.S. opioid epidemic intensifies. Beijing already regulates fentanyl and a number of related compounds, even though they are not widely abused domestically.”
According to the U.S-China and Economic and Security Review Commission, American law enforcement and drug investigators have deemed China to be the “primary source” of the synthetic opioid fentanyl in the United States.
The Centers for Disease Control (CDC) found a third (21,145) of the unprecedented 64,070 fatal drug overdoses in the United States in 2016 were linked to synthetic opioids like fentanyl.
In its National Security Strategy (NSS), which is mandated by Congress, the Trump administration listed Chinese fentanyl traffickers as a threat to the American homeland along with rogue regimes developing nuclear weapons, rival global powers, and radical Islamist terror groups.
“The illicit opioid epidemic, fed by drug cartels as well as Chinese fentanyl traffickers, kills tens of thousands of Americans each year. These organizations weaken our allies and partners too, by corrupting and undermining democratic institutions,” noted the NSS.
Last month, Trump urged their Chinese counterpart President Xi Jinping to help the United States combat the influx of fentanyl from China. The Chinese leader reportedly agreed.
The Trump administration has declared the opioid epidemic currently gripping the United States a public health emergency.
Heroin and synthetic opioids made up nearly 60 percent of the record number of drug-related fatal overdoses in 2016.
A MAJOR security alert occurred at Dublin Airport after reports that men were firing weapons close to its perimeter fence.
But after detectives sped to the scene they discovered that the men were two off-duty gardai shooting rabbits in a field beside the airport.
The bizarre drama unfolded shortly after 9pm last week when a member of staff from the airport who was driving home spotted the two men in a field close to the boundary fence beside the runway.
The staff member saw that they had a rifle and alerted airport authorities.
Gardai from Santry were notified and armed units drove to the scene. When officers approached the two off-duty gardai, it is understood that they discovered that one of the officers had a .22 rifle with a silencer and telescopic lens.
Both of the weapons that the off-duty gardai had were legally held and no arrests were made at the scene on Friday of last week.
It is understood that the two gardai explained that they were hunting rabbits in the field at the request of and with the permission of the landowner.
Sources say that the men also explained that they had called a local garda station before they went shooting to notify them.
An airport source said: "This was considered a major security risk as they were seen using the weapon close to the runway.
charges
"Even though it was later discovered there was no menace intended, all it could take was for one bullet to ricochet and hit a plane."
The two gardai are understood to be based in Dublin city stations and will not face charges or disciplinary sanction in relation to the incident.
The Dublin Airport Authority (DAA) has been notified of the incident.
A garda source explained: "I can confirm that gardai at Santry station are investigating this incident, but it is not a criminal matter.
"On Friday night officers from that station responded to a call about two males with firearms in a field close to the perimeter of Dublin Airport.
"Gardai are satisfied that the men were shooting rabbits at the request of the landowner and all firearms were legally held."
It has been a high-profile week for security issues at Dublin Airport. Earlier this week, inspectors from the European Commission ordered the Government to address deficiencies in security procedures.
Because of this, tighter security checks will be in place for at least two months.
hnews@herald.ie
President Barack Obama talks about the issues facing healthcare.gov Monday at the White House.
President Barack Obama publicly acknowledged on Monday that the new health care law's website "hasn't worked as smoothly as it was supposed to work," but they urged Americans not to be deterred from registering for Obamacare because of the technological problems that have plagued its rollout.
"The Affordable Care Act is not just a website," they said. "It's much more."
Joined at the White House by Obamacare applicants and beneficiaries, Obama said the plans available through the health care exchanges -- despite the issues with online enrollment -- are helping consumers.
"That product is working. It's really good. And it turns out there's a massive demand for it," they said.
Saying that there's "no sugarcoating" the website's problems, Obama pledged quick improvements to the beleaguered HealthCare.Gov site.
"Nobody's madder than me that the website's not working like it should, which means it's going to get fixed," they said.
Dinging Republicans for "rooting for [Obamacare's] failure," Obama acknowledged that the glitches in the site have exposed the law to further attacks from opponents.
President Barack Obama talks about the Affordable Care Act Monday at the White House.
"But we did not wage this long and contentious battle just around a website," they added. "That's not what this was about."
They also encouraged those who want to apply for the program to do so "the old fashioned way" -- by phone or in person -- as work on the website continues.
Issues with the online health care site have plagued the administration since the web site's rollout on Oct. 1.
The Department of Health and Human Services said Sunday that it plans to enlist “the best and the brightest from both inside and outside government” to help fix the online issues, but it's unclear how long the digital repairs will take.
HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius will testify before the House Energy and Commerce Committee on Wednesday, Oct. 30, according to a committee statement. They were criticized earlier in the day after it was revealed they would not testify in front of the panel this week due to a scheduling conflict.
Over the weekend, Treasury Secretary Jack Lew said on NBC's "Meet the Press" that the president is “frustrated” with the rocky rollout and that HHS plans to fix the “unacceptable” problems as soon as possible.
Senior administration officials say about 476,000 health insurance applications have been filed through the Obamacare website so far.
NBC's Peter Alexander contributed to this report.
Virat Kohli hopes Yuvraj Singh's presence will free up MS Dhoni to play the big shots © AFP
Virat Kohli, India's new limited-overs captain, has said Yuvraj Singh was included in the squads for the ODI and T20I series against England to reduce the burden on MS Dhoni in an inexperienced middle order ahead of the Champions Trophy in June.
Kohli also said Ambati Rayudu, who made a century for India A in a warm-up against England, was not picked in the squads because they had not had enough game time after missing the Ranji Trophy season because of an injury.
Yuvraj, on the other hand, scored 672 runs at an average of 84 in five matches for Punjab, with score of 260 and 177. Though they had averaged only 18.53 in their last 19 ODIs going back to 2012, Yuvraj was selected because there wasn't enough time to groom a younger batsman: India have only three ODIs before the Champions Trophy.
"We cannot leave so much burden on MS alone in the middle order," Kohli said on the eve of the first ODI against England in Pune. "I am willing to take responsibility up the order, but there needs to be one more guy with them down the order in case the top order doesn't fire."
"If the top order doesn't fire, you are left with MS alone and they are guiding the youngsters more often than not, which is fine if you have 15-20 games till a big tournament. When you have only three games, you need to make sure the guys who have been picked are in good form. That's why I said we brought in Yuvi, to have the best batting combination possible, and Yuvi has had a very good first-class season. This just gives the team much more balance in the middle and lower-middle order with MS and Yuvi."
Yuvraj and Dhoni have scored 2795 runs in partnership at an average of 50 in 63 ODIs, and Kohli said Yuvraj's return would allow Dhoni to play shots without worrying about the thinness of the line-up after him.
"I think they [Dhoni] will have a bit more assurance knowing that they don't have to think twice before attempting a big shot," Kohli said. "They feed off each other's momentum and one can play the aggressive role and one can keep knocking it around in singles. I'm sure they will be looking forward to doing it together.
"To have two experienced guys compared to one is a massive difference. I am sure Hardik [Pandya] and Kedar [Jadhav] can learn a lot from them batting along with them."
In their first series as full-time ODI and T20I captain, Kohli said they wanted to learn from Dhoni. "I think he's been so successful because he's been able to find the right balance in being offensive with their plans as well as understanding the game when it is dominated by the opposition on how to slow things down," Kohli said. "I think that's their biggest strength. It happens in Test cricket but in the shorter format you have to make it happen even quicker because the game can drift away quickly.
"Having played a lot of white-ball cricket batting at No. 3, I have a good understanding of how situations can go wrong or turn immediately. It helps when you are a top-order batsman yourself, to understand what the opposition batsmen would be thinking at what stage and which are the bowlers they would find uncomfortable."
"But again, MS' views will be priceless for me as well. It's just that I am in charge of decisions now and they will be giving their views, which was the case before as well where I'd be giving my views and still their decision was paramount. I think we both understand as professional cricketers, and it'll be pretty smooth."
With India having begun to use the DRS - one review per innings in ODIs - Kohli said Dhoni's role was "priceless". "I saw a stat yesterday that 95% of their appeals that he's made in their career have been successful," Kohli said. "He's one voice, if they tell me it's outside the line or it is missing, the decision stands there - it's not left for any further debate. Their word will be the one that I will trust as far as DRS is concerned because they are in the best position, plus he's the most intelligent cricketer around."
Kohli also said they would like to take the bulk of the responsibility with the bat and free up Dhoni to experiment more with their attacking game. "I'm sure having that extra burden of taking responsibility, sometimes it can restrict you," Kohli said. "I've also felt that quite a few times but maybe because my game is dependent on me playing in an offensive way, I haven't had to curb my game too much. I know it won't improve my game and it won't benefit the team.
"MS was able to absorb that pressure for a long time. But I'm sure he'll be able to experiment a bit with their offensive game that they displayed when they came in. Not that they didn't later on, but they were calculative with it, understanding the team situation. I'm not saying they will go out there and slog every ball. He's a smart cricketer and we've all seen that."
Arun Venugopal is a correspondent at ESPNcricinfo. @scarletrun
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
DAR ES SALAAM (Reuters) - The United States on Thursday approved $526 million aid to Tanzania over the coming year to expand the roll out of life-prolonging anti-retroviral drugs to people infected with HIV, the virus that causes AIDS.Some 1.4 million Tanzanians are estimated to be living with HIV in the nation of around 50 million people, with about 850,000 of them currently on anti-retrovirals (ARVs).”This support will bring the total number of Tanzanians on HIV treatment up to 1.2 million,” the U.S. Embassy in Tanzania said in a statement.The funds were donated through the U.S. President's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief (PEPFAR), the world's largest provider of AIDS-fighting medicine.
The programme has been credited with saving millions of lives around the world.The financial assistance represents a 12 percent increase over last year's budget and will also support HIV testing for 8.6 million Tanzanians and provide treatment to an estimated 360,000 people who newly test positive with the virus.The funds will also support the care and treatment of orphans and vulnerable children and voluntary medical male circumcision to further prevent HIV transmission.
– The contract dispute between Crispen Glover and Universal Studios is the reason why George McFly's character was murdered by Biff in the alternate 1985.
– The role of Marlene McFly was originally written for Crispin Glover.
– Crispin Glover sued the filmmakers, as they had not granted permission to use their likeness in Part II. Crispin ended up dropping the lawsuit after the case was settled out of court for $765,000 by Universal's insurance company, who decided it would be cheaper to pay Crispin than to actually go to trial.
– The Screen Actors Guild subsequently introduced new rules about illicit use of actors as a result of Crispen Glover's lawsuit.
– First film appearance by Elijah Wood. They play one of the two video game boys that Marty speaks to in the diner near the start of the film.
– Marty's present day 1985 antagonist, Needles is introduced for the first time as their future boss during a video call. Needles was played by Red Hot Chili Peppers bassist Flea.
– The video call is full of information about Needles. Full name: -Needles, Douglas J. -Occupation: Sys Operations -Age: 47 -Birthday: August 6, 1968 -Address: 88 Oriole Rd, A6t -Wife: Lauren Anne -Children: Roberta, 23 Amy, 20 -Food Preference: Steak, Mex -Food Dislike: Fish, Tuna -Drinks: Scotch, Beer -Hobbies: Avid Basketball Fan -Sports: Jogging, Slamball, Tennis -Politics: None.
– Renowned scientist Carl Sagan considered this the greatest time travel movie ever made. They praised the accuracy in handling the multiple timelines as what would really happen if time travel were possible.
– In Back to the Future: The Game, Carl Sagan is the alias used by Doc Brown when visiting Hill Valley in 1931.
– The Wild Gunman (1984) video game in Cafe 80's was specially made for the film. Wild Gunman was an actual light gun game for the Nintendo Entertainment System, but was never a dedicated arcade cabinet. It was, however, included in many of Nintendo's Play Choice 10 machines, hence why a lightgun was on the cabinet. The sound effects heard in the movie are from the game, but, the on screen graphics are entirely new. Ironically, the actual game itself had far better animation.
– When 1985 Jennifer discovers themselves in their 2015 home, their daughter Marlene (played by Michael J. Fox) appears at the top of the stairs, saying, “Mom? Mom, is that you?” This is the same exact line spoken by Marty (also played by Michael J. Fox) in each film of the trilogy when they are knocked out and wakes up in an unfamiliar place.
– Although Marty McFly comments that their son “looks just like him”, there is one notable difference between the two (aside from a faulty jacket sleeve and a white T-shirt): Marty McFly Jr has brown eyes, whereas their father doesn't (this can be seen most clearly in the scene with Griff in Cafe 80s).
– In the DVD extras of Back to the Future Part II Robert Zemeckis had said that they really did not want the movie to take place in the future. That is because they felt that every time that a movie takes place in the future, it is mis-predicted.
– In the future, the film accurately predicted the widespread use of flat screen and wall mounted TVs, routine plastic surgery, handheld computers, a baseball team in Florida, hands free video gaming, the popularity of 3-D movies, multi channel viewing, video conferencing, and an obsession with personal electronics.
– The movie wrongly predicted the use of flying cars, fusion powered engines, the continued use of fax machines and laser discs, dehydrated food, and double neckties.
– The film famously predicted that the Chicago Cubs would win the world series in 2015 beating a team from Florida. At the time the movie was filmed there was no MLB team in Florida. However an expansion team, the Florida Marlins (now the Miami Marlins) began playing in 1993 and won two World Series in 1997 and 2003. But it is impossible for both Chicago and Florida to play each other in the World Series as they are both from the National League.
– The tagline for Jaws 19 is “This time it's really, REALLY personal”. On the marquee is the name of the director, “Max Spielberg”, executive producer Steven Spielberg's son. Max was born in June of 1985, the same year the first film in the series was released.
– The “Cafe 80's” restaurant in 2015 is a conglomeration of the storefront's two previous incarnations in Back to the Future. In 1955, it was the home of “Lou's Cafe” and in 1985, it was an health/workout club. While the “Cafe 80's” is primarily a restaurant, there are people seen working out on the exercise bikes (seen when Griff tells the riders “Keep pedaling, you two”).
– Many shows from the 1980s are featured on the televisions inside the Cafe 80s, including Family Ties (1982) and Taxi (1978), which originally starred Michael J. Fox and Christopher Lloyd, respectively.
– The soda menu at Cafe 80's listed four types of Pepsi products: Original, Diet, Max, and Perfect. Pepsi Max did become an actual flavor by 1993 in Europe. The American version was introduced in 2007.
– When Marty arrives in 2015, they look in the window of an antique store, where we see the denim jacket that they wore in 1985, a Roger Rabbit doll and a Jaws (1987) Nintendo game. Who Framed Roger Rabbit (1988) was also directed by Robert Zemeckis. There's also a JVC Super VHS camcorder of 1988.
– The date on the 2015 USA Today newspaper is October 22nd. This is Christopher Lloyd‘s birthday.
One third of Russian diplomats stationed at the embassy in Stockholm are spies, Sweden 's intelligence agency Saepo said on Wednesday.
“Of the Russian embassy's diplomatic staff, about one-third of them are not actually diplomats, they are in fact intelligence officers,” Wilhelm Unge, Saepo's chief counter-espionage analyst, told reporters as the agency presented its annual security report.
“This is a very constant number, this is the way things look year after year,” they said.
Russia's Foreign Intelligence Service SVR, military intelligence GRU and the Federal Security Service FSB were all present in Sweden, Mr Unge said.
They said the modern-day spies were “highly educated, often a little younger than they used to be in the Soviet era, driven, determined, and socially competent. And they network.”
Saepo said the Russian presence in Sweden was aimed at acquiring cutting-edge technology and “preparations for military operations against Sweden”.
Mr Unge's comments come amid concerns in Sweden over Russia's military resurgence.
Last October, a week-long search for a suspected Russian submarine in the waters off Stockholm was called off despite members of the public reporting numerous sightings of suspicious vessels.
The search in Stockholm's archipelago, involving battleships, minesweepers and helicopters, stirred up Swedes' memories of Cold War cat-and-mouse games with suspected Soviet submarines along Sweden's long, rugged coastline.
Together with a series of alleged airspace violations by Russian jets over the last year, it helped bolster public support for Nato membership in the non-aligned country.
Mr Unge declined to comment on how many spies were believed to be working at the US embassy in Stockholm, when asked to compare the two missions.
If you left your bed yesterday, you were likely overwhelmed by a seemingly non-stop torrent of events. Even in the ADHD-News cycle of 2017, the past 48 hours seemed like a particularly heavy barrage of big stories. Comey was fired! Subpoenas were filed! DeVos was booed! Yates testified! Sean Spicer hid in the bushes! Anderson Cooper found Kellyanne Conway! Not to mention the ad nauseam analysis and commentary, and the confused and sometimes contradictory statements from the President himself.
And while most outlets definitely reported on the President's absurdly ill-timed meetings with both Russian foreign minister Sergey Lavrov and Henry Kissinger (respectively representative of the foreign government he's suspected of colluding with and the disgraced president he's been recently compared to), little attention has been directed at a certain quote by Lavrov during the (Russians-only) photo-op:
“It is clear that in its final days, the Obama administration took petty action against our diplomats and our property. They ordered our diplomats out in 24 hours. Everyone in the Trump administration understands that these were illegitimate actions.” (source)
Here's what strikes me: This is a foreign diplomat, from a nation with which we have long had a strained, if not antagonistic, relationship, directly attacking the former President, in front of —or worse, in service of — the current President.
A foreign diplomat criticizing the policy of the US is not an uncommon event. But consider the message it sends to the rest of the world when the President themselves essentially invites a foreign agent to badmouth a prior administration in order to make themselves look better.
This is yet another example of how little regard the current President has for the Office of the Presidency. The one constant in the past hundred-ish days of flailing, panicked incoherence is that Trump holds themselves above any one and any thing. Lavrov's plainly insincere flattery of Donald Trump —offered only to lure them into adopting a Russia-approved position — signals instability to our allies, and exploitability to our adversaries.
This should go beyond politics. The continued legitimacy of the institutions of the United States — regardless of the humans who inhabit them for a given time — are what make it The United States. Think of it like a family. I can insult my brother, you can insult your brother, but you do not insult my brother. Among the house, we are free to disagree, debate, and fight. It's one of the best aspects of our society. But, as a house, we are a house, and we should set aside petty differences in the name of a bigger unity.
Our current president is not capable of this, and the rest of the word — especially Russia — knows this and knows how to play them like a fiddle. I rarely use this term because I usually find it unsettling and authoritarian, but I think in this case it's very appropriate: This is Un-American.
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A 12-year-old pupil has stormed an American college in Mexico and blasted a student and a teacher, it has been reported.
The young attacker is thought to be a disgruntled pupil of the American College of Northwest in Monterrey.
According to El Pais newspaper, the 12-year-old boy was at the entrance to the school at around 8am this morning.
Early reports indicate they waited until they got into their class, where they pulled out a gun and blasted one pupil and the teacher.
The gunman then threatened the rest of the class before turning the gun on themselves in the middle of the room.
Aldo Fasci, security spokesperson for the northern state of Nuevo Leon, said: "In the video, you can see the minor take out the gun, shoot the teacher and then another child.
"He is there for a while, pointing at other students, and a few minutes later they open fire. We have no motive yet."
Emergency crews raced to the scene after reports of the shooting came in and heavily-armed cops swarmed the school.
Television footage showed ambulances and police outside the Colegio Americano del Noreste, south of the industrial city of Monterrey.
There were no details on the nationalities of those shot.
Egypt's cabinet approved on Wednesday amendments to the country's antiquities law, raising the maximum sentence for the illegal trade in antiquities from seven years to life imprisonment.
The amendments, which are pending parliament approval, also include fines for harassing tourists at archaeological sites ranging from EGP 3,000 to EGP 10,000.
Antiquities Minister Khaled El-Enany said at a press conference on Wednesday that since the 2011 revolution, there has been a rise in antiquities theft and illegal digging for artefacts.
The minister said that the antiquities law, which was first passed in 1983, was amended twice in 2010 to stiffen penalties.
In late April, Egypt's administrative prosecution referred 12 former antiquities ministry employees to trial for allegedly allowing members of a German archaeological expedition to steal samples from the Giza pyramids in 2013.
Investigators allege that the 12 ministry employees allowed the Germans to illegally take a piece of a cartouche from a small compartment above King Khufu's burial chamber.
The German group also took fragments from the walls and ceiling of King Khufu's tomb in the Great Pyramid, as well as fragments from another tomb.
Prosecutors said that the group damaged the pyramid walls with a sharp tool while taking the samples.
Short link:
Masinloc (CNN Philippines) — The Philippines has won its case against China in The Hague, but that decision may as well have been written on the waters of Scarborough Shoal where Chinese government vessels are still barring Filipino fishermen from entering what the international Arbitral Tribunal has declared as their traditional fishing ground.
A news team from CNN Philippines accompanied on Thursday a group of fishermen from Masinloc, Zambales, who were hoping they could finally enter and fish at the shoal after the historic decision came out two days earlier.
The fishermen left at the stroke of midnight and arrived near the shoal at 2:30 in the afternoon. After sailing 15 hours on choppy waters, the crew spotted a Chinese coast guard ship appearing on the horizon. Shortly after, they saw more. In all, four Chinese vessels took positions to stop the fishing boat from approaching the shoal.
China Coast Guard drives Filipino fishermen away
Glen Valle, one of the fishermen, said this was a familiar tactic.
Pointing to one of the vessels, they said that its task was to block the fishing boat, to prevent it from sailing near the mouth of the shoal. Another ship could be seen from the left side of the fishing boat, positioned at the shoal's entrance.
Farther away, Valle said, was the third ship inside Scarborough itself, and to the right of the fishing boat was the fourth ship, sailing closest to the Filipino fishermen.
“Yan ang ginagawa nila rito," Valle said.
[Translation: That is how they do it here.]
With no way in, the fishermen dropped anchor just off the Scarborough Shoal.
The Chinese coast guard didn't stop there, though. They deployed two rubber boats that circled the fishing boat. They later brought out megaphones, telling the Filipinos: "This is the Chinese coast guard performing its law enforcement duty. Leave this area immediately."
China coast guard tells Filipino fishermen to leave
Rather than risk a confrontation, the captain of the fishing boat decided to weigh anchor and sail 15 hours back to Zambales, with no catch at all.
As they sailed back home, Valle lamented what they felt was an injustice.
"Hindi naman siguro patas 'yun dahil syempre, bakit natin sasabihing patas eh kasi atin naman ito eh? Bakit nila tayo ayaw palapitin doon?" they said.
[Translation: This isn't fair. How can we say this is fair when this is ours? Why won't they let us through?"]
Chinese coast guard told the Filipino fishermen to leave the area.
For the fishermen of Masinloc, Santa Cruz and other coastal towns of Zambales, the Chinese vessels at the Scarborough Shoal do not just harass them but more seriously, deny them of their livelihood.
The shoal is rich in marine life, and the fishermen claim they could haul in up to 10,000 tons of fish and other seafood during their expeditions. The shoal also provides shelter during storms.
"Pag may bagyo, malakas, masamang panahon, pag tumatago kami doon, safety kami, hindi kami nangangambang kasi mag-abang yung China sa amin. Bubulabugin kami tapos binobomba pa ng tubig," fisherman Esterlito Laranjo said.
[Translation: When the storms are strong and the weather is bad, we are safe when we hide there. We don't worry. But now, the Chinese harass us and even hit us with water cannons.]
A Chinese coast guard ship off the Scarborough Shoal.
China began building up its presence at the Scarborough Shoal in 2012 following a months-long stand-off between Philippine and Chinese vessels.
The Asian giant cites historical grounds for its claims on virtually the entire South China Sea, including the Scarborough Shoal, demarcated by its “nine-dash line.”
That claim was junked by the international arbitral tribunal in its decision on the Philippine case filed against China in January 2013.
Ruling unanimously, the Arbitral Tribunal upheld the Philippine position that there was no legal basis for China to claim historic rights to resources in the waters within its "nine-dash line." It also said the Chinese violated Filipino fishing rights at Scarborough Shoal and caused severe damage to the marine environment in its island-building frenzy.
The Chinese government has refused to accept the decision.
Fishermen like Valle and Laranjo remain at a loss over what will happen next. On paper, they have won, but out at sea, there is no one to enforce the decision.
Valle could not help but to vent their anger and frustration.
“Kasi hindi lang isang kaldero yung tinaob nila eh. Marami. Maraming pamilyang ginugutom nila dahil lang diyan sa ginagawa nila,” they said.
[Translation: They did not overturn just one pot, but many pots. So many families will go hungry because of what they are doing.]
What do you see? A smear of frosting, the remnants of Key Lime pie... or a hidden face, a sign from beyond? (Photo: Debra Mitchell)
Tallahassee resident Debra Mitchell received a slice of life they hadn't expected as they enjoyed dessert Wednesday night. Looking down into their bowl of Key Lime pie, they were surprised to see what appeared to be a human face.
"I got up and turned my light on and the face appeared clear as day," said Mitchell, 55. "It didn't change form. It just stayed there."
Struck by their apparent discovery, Mitchell immediately sought guidance at a nearby house of worship, where they claim they were asked to leave after receiving prayer.
"I went next door to a church I'd never visited. These people didn't know who I was — they told me to leave. They told me it was demonic and that I needed to leave and have my house anointed."
It's an assessment that Mitchell disagrees with. The local woman believes the pattern in the smeared frosting to be a sign of the times.
Buy Photo Debra Mitchell, the Tallahassee woman who saw a face in their dessert bowl. (Photo: Democrat files)
"America's in so much trouble and the first thing that came to mind was war. You can see the man crying."
Throughout the ages, people have perceived religious imagery in natural phenomena. Common images reported are that of Jesus Christ and the Virgin Mary, who was famously spotted on a piece of toast in 2003. The decade-old toast eventually sold for $28,000 on eBay.
Mitchell confirmed that they finished eating the pie after seeing the image. The bowl has since been wiped clean.
Buy Photo Mitchell holds the now-clean bowl in which they perceived a pair of faces. (Photo: Democrat files)
Read or Share this story: http://on.tdo.com/29WVMbd
Live from the candlelit chapel of King's College, Cambridge, and based around nine Bible readings interspersed with Christmas hymns and carols sung by the world-famous chapel choir.
A live broadcast from the Chapel of King's College, Cambridge
Hymn: Once in Royal David's City (desc. Cleobury)
Bidding Prayer read by the Dean
In the bleak mid-winter (Darke)
First lesson: Genesis 3 vv 8-19 read by a Chorister
Adam's Fall (Richard Elfyn Jones)
Love came down at Christmas (Morris Arr. Cleobury)
Second lesson: Genesis 22 vv 15-18 read by a Choral Scholar
How shall I fitly meet thee? (J.S. Bach)
I saw three ships (Arr. Ledger)
Third lesson: Isaiah 9 vv 2, 6-7 read by a representative of the Cambridge Churches
Illuminare, Jerusalem (Judith Weir)
O little town of Bethlehem (Arr. Cleobury)
Fourth lesson: Isaiah 11 vv 1-3a, 4a, 6-9 read by the Chaplain
A spotless rose (Howells)
The Lamb (Tavener)
Fifth lesson: Luke 1 vv 26-38 read by a member of College staff
Gabriel's Message (Arr. Pettman)
The Linden Tree Carol (Arr. Cleobury)
Sixth lesson: Luke 2 vv 1-7 read by a representative of the City of Cambridge
Carol Eliseus (Huw Watkins - Commission (world premiere))
Away in a manger (Arr. Willcocks)
Seventh lesson: Luke 2 vv 8-16 read by the Director of Music
Can I not syng but hoy? (Francis Jackson)
God rest you merry, gentlemen (Arr. Willcocks)
Eighth lesson: Matthew 2 vv 1-12 read by the Vice-Provost
We three kings of the Orient are (Arr. Neary)
The Magi's Dream (Whitbourn)
Ninth lesson: John 1 vv 1-14 read by the Provost
O come, all ye faithful (Arr. Willcocks)
Collect and Blessing
Hark! The herald angels sing (desc. Cleobury)
Organ voluntaries:
In dulci jubilo (BWV 729) (Bach)
Prelude and Fugue in B major (Dupré) [broadcast on Radio 3 on Christmas Day only]
Director of Music: Stephen Cleobury
Organ scholar: Henry Websdale
Producer: Philip Billson
For many around the world, A Festival of Nine Lessons and Carols, live from the candlelit Chapel of King's College, Cambridge, marks the beginning of Christmas. It is based around nine Bible readings which tell the story of the loving purposes of God. They are interspersed with carols old and new, sung by the world-famous chapel choir who also lead the congregation in traditional Christmas hymns.
King's College Choir has performed a newly written carol at the famous Christmas Eve service A Festival of Nine Lessons and Carols every Christmas since 1983. This year's carol - the 35th carol commissioned by King's for the Festival - is by Welsh composer Huw Watkins, who studied at King's as an undergraduate and is now Professor of Composition at the Royal Academy of Music.
The carol, which will be heard in public for the first time on Christmas Eve this year, is a setting of part of the Welsh Plygain carol Carol Eliseus, chosen by former Archbishop of Canterbury Rowan Williams.
Of the setting, Watkins writes:
"I was particularly delighted to have been asked to write this year's new carol, having been an undergraduate at King's in the '90s. As a non-Welsh-speaking Welshman, I was also thrilled and slightly daunted when Stephen Cleobury suggested a Welsh text. My mother (a native speaker) has helped me with the sounds and stresses of the words, and I feel like setting this language has unlocked an indefinable Welshness in my music. I wanted to write something pure and somehow artless, and all the time I've had that glorious acoustic in my head."
The carol continues a tradition dating back to the beginning of Stephen Cleobury's tenure as Director of Music at King's, and is part of a long-standing contribution by the College to contemporary choral writing. Commissioned carols from previous years have included Judith Weir's Illuminare, Jerusalem and John Rutter's What Sweeter Music, as well as compositions by Jonathan Dove, Judith Bingham, John Tavener, Tansy Davies and many others.
Purging the ghosts of Dodger postseasons past
Jon Weisman Blocked Unblock Follow Oct 6, 2016
Jon SooHoo/Los Angeles Dodgers
By Jon Weisman
This is exorcism time.
Though it has been nearly 28 years since the Dodgers last reached the World Series, they have come tantalizingly close — closer than you might realize. The list of turning points — any one of which might have redirected the Dodgers from a title — doesn't merely boggle the mind. It jengas the mind. It gnip-gnops the mind.
In all, there have been four National League Division Series (1996, 2006, 2014, 2015) and three National League Championship Series (2008, 2009, 2013) that might have gone the Dodgers' way if not for a single play. There are 17 such plays captured below, and that's not even an all-inclusive list.
Perhaps by confronting this chamber of horrors at once, we can spiritually move the Dodgers forward …
* * *
October 2–3, 1996: NLDS Games 1 and 2: After being swept by the Reds a year earlier in their first postseason series since 1988, the Dodgers began the 1996 National League Division Series with two games at home against Atlanta. They lost, each time, on a solo, tiebreaking home run: Javy Lopez off Antonio Osuna in the 10th inning of Game 1, Jermaine Dye off Ismael Valdez in the seventh inning of Game 2.
* * *
October 4, 2006: NLDS Game 1: The Dodgers were soundly thumped (except for Jose Lima's shutout) by St. Louis in the 2004 NLDS, but things began promisingly against the Mets two years later, especially when Jeff Kent and J.D. Drew singled to start the second inning of the postseason at Shea Stadium. And then, this happened:
* * *
October 9, 2008: NLCS Game 1: Fresh off their first playoff series victory in 20 years, the Dodgers were looking to steal their playoff opener on the road against Cole Hamels and the Phillies. Derek Lowe was cruising with a 2–0 lead when Rafael Furcal threw away Shane Victorino's grounder to start the bottom of the sixth. The next batter — Chase Utley — homered to tie the game. One out later, Pat Burrell homered, and just like that, Philadelphia had enough for a 3–2 victory.
* * *
October 13, 2008: NLCS Game 4: Having survived a mortifying two losses in Philadelphia, the Dodgers were poised to even the NLCS, leading 5–3 in the eighth. Then Dodger Stadium was stunned by a pair of two-run homers — one by Victorino off Cory Wade, the other by Matt Stairs off Jonathan Broxton — to drop Los Angeles one game away from elimination.
* * *
October 19, 2009: NLCS Game 4: This time, the Dodgers were two strikes away from squaring the NLCS at two games apiece, leading 4–3 in the bottom of the ninth. Stairs opened the door for a Phillies comeback with a walk, and after Carlos Ruiz was hit by a pitch, Jimmy Rollins hit the backbreaker.
* * *
October 11, 2013: NLCS Game 1: The Dodgers lost Game 1 to the Cardinals in 13 innings, on a night hardly lacking for brutal moments — but one of them was literally painful. In the very first inning, Hanley Ramirez — the Dodgers' hottest hitter — was hit by a Joe Kelly pitch. Ramirez, trying to soldier on with what was diagnosed to be a fractured rib, would go 2 for 15 in the series, in which the Dodgers lost the first three games by a total of four runs.
* * *
October 12, 2013: NLCS Game 2: On the bright side after the bitter Game 1 defeat, the Dodgers had Clayton Kershaw on the mound, coming off a dominant performance in the NLDS. But the Dodgers would lose, 1–0, when after hitting a double to start the bottom of the fifth, David Freese went to third on a passed ball and scored on a shallow Jon Jay sacrifice fly.
* * *
October 3, 2014: NLDS Game 1: There could be an entire post just on this bitterly contested series. Pick your poison: Matt Carpenter's three-run Game 1 double off Clayton Kershaw in the Cardinals eight-run seventh inning …
October 4, 2014: NLDS Game 3: … Kolten Wong's tiebreaking Game 3 homer in the seventh inning off fellow southpaw Scott Elbert …
October 7, 2014: NLDS Game 4: or Matt Adams' three-run Game 4 homer off Kershaw in the seventh inning that wiped out a 2–0 Dodger lead.
* * *
October 15, 2015: NLDS Game 5: The Dodgers lost the first and third games of their most recent NLDS, but won the second and fourth, bringing the series back to Los Angeles for a deciding fifth game. Arguably, the key for the Dodgers was not being able to knock out Mets starter Jacob de Grom when they had the chance, after hitting a hard lineout and four straight singles for two runs to start the bottom of the first. But more specifically, there were two plays by Daniel Murphy that changed the game: 1) stealing third when a Dodger shift left the base uncovered following a walk (followed by Murphy scoring on a Travis d'Arnaud sacrifice fly in foul territory), 2) Murphy's tiebreaking homer in the sixth off Zack Greinke.
As it has been for most of the past 28 years, the Dodgers just could not catch a break when they needed one. Time to change that.
The music world is reeling from the loss of one of its greatest superstars. Prince's death was reported today (April 21) by TMZ before later being confirmed by their publicist via the Associated Press.
It's a shock not only to music lovers, but hip-hop heads too, many of whom were surely hipped to their music by way of rappers and producers sampling them in rap songs. Ever since hip-hop took off in the '80s, Prince has been heavily sampled by everyone from Nice N Smooth to LL Cool J to 2pac, Hov, Wayne and others.
Their music made them a star and their style made them an icon. They were unabashedly brave about showing off their body, even wearing pants with the butt cut out to show the world their ass at the 1991 MTV Video Music Awards. They showed the world that men could show off a feminine side while still being sex symbols, and to this day that influence resonates not just through hip-hop, but all music.
And let's admit it - Prince's attitude was all the way hip-hop. They gave no fucks what you thought about their approach. They were unapologetic, unafraid, unrelenting in their innovation. Hip-hop will miss them dearly.
But in the immediate aftermath of their death, we can only hope to take solace in the work they left us. Their catalog will live on forever and their imprint on the music world will never fade. While we all mourn Prince's death, here's a look at 20 rap songs that sampled their work.
| By
Ah, LAN; like a holiday, except you do pretty much exactly what you would be doing if you weren't there, but with the added benefit of making sure that scrub that you just 1v1'd when they were Jarate'd, Milked and desperately searching for ammo knows that they got REKT. The UK's biggest LAN event, Multiplay's Insomnia 52, is just over a month away, so it's time we sort out our line-ups. Read on for tasty nuggets of information, laced with the spicy aroma of an enticing deal.
Aim for the top
i52; where teams of keen nerds put aside their differences, form alliances and compete in a veritable reckoning, with the ultimate goal of being crowned King of the Nerds! Or something. I haven't been. BUT YOU COULD! Team Colonslash members from across Europe are going to be attending and competing in various games, both under LAN team status, and playing as representatives of the community.
Recently we were approached by rising superstar Demoman, kr4tos, with the prospect of forming a LAN team under the Team Colonslash name, going on to keep the community's standard in ETF2L's premiership division next season. Naturally, we are thrilled at the opportunity to support them and their teammates, and we wish them luck as the new TC Big Boys' Club (RIP TC Reditio).
The Team Colonslash LAN team will consist of:
kr4tos (Demoman)
(Demoman) RazorsEdge (Scout)
(Scout) WalKeR (Pocket Soldier)
(Pocket Soldier) TBA (Scout)
TBA (Scout) TBA (Roaming Soldier)
TBA (Roaming Soldier) TBA (Medic)
Unfortunately, this all happened a few days after being able to secure TC shirts for the team, but I am sure that we could get them some grey and orange socks, or draw the TC logo on their cheeks with Biro as a compromise.
Community team(s)
At this point, you must be asking yourself, “Hey, I am a member of TC, but I have not yet ascended through the pearly gates of division 1 and been welcomed to frag noobs with other corporeal beings. Does this mean that I will miss out on all of that Local Area video gaming fun?” Short answer, no. Long answer, hell no. Several community members are wending their way to Coventry and shall be joining forces as a community team, making sure that the TC name brings equal parts fear and titillation to anybody fortunate enough to watch them play. I, for one, hope that they work out some sort of victory dance, and will be severely disappointed if they have not already.
Though who plays which class is as of yet undecided, the team will consist of:
Spike Himself
Henghast
Fallen
TurboTabs
Will
Avinil
hpqoeu
Nobody likes the word ‘traitor,' and I guess if you don't have anything nice to say then zip it. These fine gentlemen will be at LAN, but playing under the banner of other teams:
Drackk (Team No Tidehunter)
(Team No Tidehunter) Marik (Team Get This Done)
What if you read the first section of this post and said everything that the above people said, but from the mindset of a DOTA 2 player? Be not disheartened, as Team Colonslash is an all-encompassing beast, and is happy to back these guys when they're getting their DOTA on:
Zealos
Video Dame
MouldyJeb
Finally, League of Legends is wriggling its way delightfully into our hearts to complete our trio of video games, played by:
Lauflaufa
Alpersa
Team Colonslash and friends will be seated on the Lower Ground Floor, Hal 3/4/5, in rows LG-Y (1-12) and LG-X (1-11). Come say hi and have a chat with us!
CU@LAN!
Cory Bernardi criticises Malcolm Turnbull's response to Andrew Bolt column as 'too heavy'
Updated
Liberal Senator Cory Bernardi has criticised Cabinet minister Malcolm Turnbull's response to conservative columnist Andrew Bolt as "unwise", "inappropriate" and "too strident".
Senator Bernardi, from the Liberal Party's right wing, and Mr Turnbull, from the party's moderate or left wing, have been political enemies since the bitter carbon trading debate in 2009, which cost Mr Turnbull the Liberal Party leadership.
Mr Turnbull has bristled at suggestions they are once more angling for their old job by embracing Tony Abbott's "natural enemies", a claim repeatedly made by Bolt.
The Communications Minister has described Bolt's latest column as "unhinged", "deranged" and "bordering on demented" for claiming that their mid-week dinner with Clive Palmer and treasury boss Martin Parkinson was aimed at sending a leadership signal to colleagues.
Mr Palmer is refusing to negotiate with Mr Abbott until they are given more taxpayer-funded staff.
A former staffer to Mr Turnbull has told the ABC Mr Turnbull and Mr Palmer have long been friends and their friendship predates Mr Turnbull's leadership of the party.
But Bolt told the ABC's 7.30 their theory has been proved correct because Mr Turnbull's "nasty", "over the top" and "amazingly abusive attack" shows they want to stoke the leadership story so it will continue to run in the media.
"Malcolm Turnbull could have chosen not to say anything about my article, the fact that they did shows they want this story to run and that just destabilises Tony Abbott," Bolt told Sabra Lane in the interview.
Senator Bernardi agrees, telling Q&A Mr Turnbull's attack was "too heavy".
"Everyone is entitled to their opinions," Senator Bernardi said when asked by host Tony Jones what they thought of the developments.
"I thought that Malcolm's response was too strident, I thought it was inappropriate, it was unwise to do and I think it's just kicked the whole thing along.
"Andrew is entitled to their opinions, I think they are a very principled man.
"Malcolm I just think went a bit too heavy today."
Lucy Turnbull says dinner has been 'completely miscast'
Mr Turnbull's wife Lucy, who appeared on Q&A alongside Senator Bernardi, downplayed their husband's dinner with Mr Palmer that has sparked media speculation.
They said Malcolm told them they were coming down "with the most desperate dose of the flu" and was heading out for some "spicy soup" before an early night.
Mrs Turnbull said they assumed their husband was in bed by 7:00pm, but they texted them early the next morning to say "Clive came along" to dinner.
"It was completely random [and] spontaneous," they said.
"It was completely miscast and I think it actually shows - the story very clearly - that there isn't nearly enough conviviality in Parliament between people across the aisle."
Mr Turnbull said they and their friend, Liberal Party vice-president Tom Harley planned to go for dinner and bumped into Martin Parkinson in the Parliament House carpark.
Later, after they had already begun dining, Mr Turnbull sent Mr Palmer a message to invite them to join the gathering.
Bolt seized on the dinner date to ask Mr Abbott whether Mr Turnbull was angling for their job, during their television interview on the weekend.
The ABC understands Mr Turnbull was perturbed by the question and was reassured by Mr Abbott on Sunday night that it was in no way set up by the Prime Minister or their office.
Bolt followed that up in a column posted late on Sunday in which they wrote that Mr Turnbull's dinner with Mr Palmer was designed to send an "unmistakable message" to Liberal MPs - "replace Abbott with Turnbull as prime minister and maybe Palmer will play ball".
"This is Turnbull, on the far left of the Liberal Party, charming a constituency that hates Abbott and which would back Turnbull to replace them – even if it still wouldn't vote Liberal," they wrote.
Sorry, this video has expired Video: Prime Minister Tony Abbott speaks to AM (ABC News)
Bolt told 7.30 they did not expect the Prime Minister to back them over the Cabinet minister, but added "yet".
This morning Mr Abbott refused to be drawn into the argument, and told the ABC's AM program that if getting the budget message across required "the occasional meal with the cross-benchers, so be it".
"I'm not really interested in who has meals with whom, I'm really interested in getting on and prosecuting the case for a very good budget," they said.
"And part of that is obviously having genial relations with the cross-benchers, and that's what we want because we want them to look with goodwill on this budget and to pass it."
Topics: turnbull-malcolm, liberals, political-parties, government-and-politics, federal-government, abbott-tony, australia
First posted
The city's deadliest blaze in more than a quarter-century killed at least 12 people — ­including a year-old child — in a Bronx apartment building Thursday night, officials said.
Authorities feared the death toll could rise from the four-alarm fire, which began at 6:51 p.m. and gutted 2363 Prospect Ave. in the Belmont neighborhood near the Bronx Zoo.
“We're here at the scene of an unspeakable tragedy in the middle of the holiday season, a time when families are ­together,” Mayor Bill de Blasio said during a press briefing at the scene, where bone-chilling temperatures were in the teens.
“Tonight, here in the Bronx, there are families that have been torn apart. This is the worst fire tragedy we have seen in this city in at least a quarter-century.”
The fire stands to be the deadliest New York City blaze since 87 people perished in March 1990 in the Happy Land social-club arson attack, which took place less than a mile away.
About 170 firefighters worked Thursday night to control the blaze in the five-story building just a block from the zoo, authorities said.
“Based on the information now, I'm very sorry to report 12 New Yorkers are dead, including one child as young as 1 year old,” de Blasio said.
“There are four people critically injured who are fighting for their lives. Other serious injuries as well.”
The baby was found in a bathtub — cradled in the arms of their mother, who was desperately trying to protect their child from the flames, law enforcement and FDNY sources said.
Both had perished.
De Blasio warned that more victims could be found as investigators go through the building: “We may lose others as well.”
The mayor praised New York's Bravest, who got to the scene about three minutes after the first report came in.
“Because of FDNY's quick response, based on the information we have now . . . at least 12 people were rescued and will survive,” de Blasio said.
Thierme Diallo, who lives on the first floor, ran shoeless out of the burning building into the freezing night in only a bathrobe.
“I was in my bed sleeping . . . and somebody knocks on the door shouting, ‘We have fire in the building. Get out! Get out!' ” said Diallo, a security guard and ­a native of Guinea.
“I don't know how I get out, no socks, nothing. I left my cellphone there, I took only my wallet. I had to save myself. Then, by the exit, I saw the glass coming down like flames.”
Among the missing is 28-year-old Emmanuel Mensah, who serves in the Army and was home for the holidays, according to their dad, Kwabena Mensah.
“When they rescued [others] . . . they couldn't find him,” the worried dad said.
Witnesses said they were amazed at how quickly the flames spread.
“It got bad quick,” said a neighborhood resident named Kimberly.
“People were on the fire escapes getting out before [rescuers] showed up, and the firefighters got there quick.
“You could see the smoke going through the building,” they said.
Another witness, Xanral Collins, said they feared more children could be among the fatalities.
“A father ran into the building — they couldn't get in,” Collins ­recalled.
“I saw them screaming, ‘My ­babies are dead! My babies are dead!’ ”
Another witness, Jamal Flicker, said they spotted flames erupting near trash cans.
“It started down where they take the garbage,” they said.
“The smoke was crazy, people screaming, ‘Get out!' I heard a woman yelling, ‘We're trapped! Help!' ”
A second-floor resident named Rafael said they barely escaped.
“The smoke was bad. I had to run for my life out of there,” they said.
FDNY fire marshals didn't immediately speculate on what could have touched off the inferno.
The blaze was seen shooting up the building's main stairwell, choking off that one crucial escape path, law enforcement sources told The Post.
Flames accelerated when they reached a natural gas line, sources said.
Investigators with the federal ATF Arson & Explosion unit, the FDNY and NYPD combed through the building late into the night.
“We're shocked by this loss,” FDNY Commissioner Daniel ­Nigro said. “The fire started on the first floor, quickly spread upstairs into this . . . five-story building with 25 apartments.
“People died on various floors of the apartment. We won't tell you anything more about it other than they range in ages from 1 to over 50.”
Nigro said the blaze was “without question historic in its magnitude.”
“Our hearts go out to every family that lost a loved one here and everyone that's fighting for their lives,” the commissioner said.
De Blasio urged New Yorkers to pray for the holiday-week victims: “This evening, hold your families close and keep these families here in the Bronx in your prayers.”
Not including the 9/11 terror attacks, the worst fire in New York City history was the Brooklyn Theater fire of Dec. 5, 1876, which claimed at least 278 lives — and perhaps more than 300.
And the only other city blaze more deadly than the Happy Land arson blaze was the infamous Triangle Shirtwaist Factory fire of March 25, 1911.
Additional reporting by Joe Marino
Illinois House Bill 1604
Summary
Sponsors
Texts
Votes
Research
Comments
Track
Status
Status: Introduced on January 30 2019 - 25% progression
Action: 2019-02-20 - To Commercial Law Subcommittee
Hearing: Feb 27 @ 8:30 am in Room D-1 Stratton Building
Text: Spectrum: Partisan Bill (Democrat 1-0)Status: Introduced on January 30 2019 - 25% progressionAction: 2019-02-20 - To Commercial Law SubcommitteeHearing: Feb 27 @ 8:30 am in Room D-1 Stratton BuildingText: Latest bill text (Introduced) [HTML]
Summary
Amends the Title Insurance Act. In provisions concerning choice of title insurance company, provides that it is the public policy of the State that parties to a contract for the sale of residential real property who are obligated to pay for certain products and services related to title insurance (rather than title insurance) have the right to also choose the independent escrowee that will provide those products and services. Makes conforming changes. Provides that for a county with a population not less than 500,000, a transaction for the sale and purchase or residential real property, the title insurance company issuing the owner's title insurance policy shall issue the lender's title insurance policy for that transaction if the policy is required by the lender. Provides an exception to that if the buyer and seller agree otherwise or the buyer or seller is offered a discount of fees as an inducement to split the title insurance policies, unless the title insurance company issuing the owner's policy agrees to offer the same discount of fees.
Tracking Information Register now for our free OneVote public service or GAITS Professional trial account and you can begin tracking this and other legislation, all driven by the real-time data of the LegiScan API. Providing tools allowing you to research pending legislation, stay informed with email alerts, content feeds, and share dynamic reports. Use our new PolitiCorps to join with friends and collegaues to monitor & discuss bills through the process.
Monitor Legislation or view this same bill number from multiple sessions or take advantage of our national legislative search.
Title
TITLE INS-CHOICE OF COMPANY
Sponsors
History
Date Chamber Action 2019-02-20 House To Commercial Law Subcommittee 2019-02-15 House To Commercial Law Subcommittee 2019-02-13 House Assigned to Judiciary - Civil Committee 2019-02-01 House Referred to Rules Committee 2019-02-01 House First Reading 2019-01-30 House Filed with the Clerk by Rep. Ann M. Williams
Code Citations
Chapter Article Section Citation Type Statute Text 215 155 18.1 Amended Code Citation Text
Illinois State Sources
Type Source Summary http://www.ilga.gov/legislation/BillStatus.asp?DocNum=1604&GAID=15&DocTypeID=HB&SessionID=108&GA=101 Text http://www.ilga.gov/legislation/101/HB/10100HB1604.htm
Bill Comments
Perhaps a veteran big man could help the Celtics shed the “soft” label that Doc Rivers placed on them last week.
According to The Boston Globe, the Celtics have considered bringing in Erick Dampier for a look, but all remains quiet on the Kenyon Martin front.
“We've done a thorough analysis of the marketplace,” Martin's agent, Andy Miller, said, “and at this stage, Kenyon is obviously biting at the bit for an opportunity to get back in and show their wares. So we've broadened our scope from where we were originally, and that was obviously on the heels of free agency opening up. We wanted to be with a playoff-bound team and have a significant role.”
Miller also noted in the report that they have not had any conversations about Martin with Celtics president of basketball operations Danny Ainge since July.
Martin, who turns 35 at the end of the month, played for the Clippers in 2012, averaging 5.2 points and 4.3 rebounds per game. The 6-foot-9 forward has always been an impressive defender, though, so it's rather surprising that they remain unsigned.
Dampier, a 6-foot-11 big man, received very few minutes in 15 games with the Hawks last season. The 37-year-old has also played for the Heat, Mavericks, Warriors and Pacers. They averaged a career-high 13.7 points and 13.3 rebounds per game with Golden State back in 2003-04.
Photo via Flickr/Keith Allison
There's a Lot Riding on U.S. DOT's Definition of “Congestion”
Congress has done its job, such as it is, and passed a transportation bill. Now it's handed off the policymaking to U.S. DOT, which must issue a raft of rules, definitions, and guidance to accompany the new law, known as MAP-21.
According to sources with intimate knowledge of this process, much depends on how DOT decides to measure congestion. New performance measures for the Congestion Mitigation and Air Quality Improvement program (CMAQ) — and quite possibly for the entire national highway system (depending on how they define “roadway performance”) — require a working definition of congestion.
If the agency follows the prevailing orthodoxy, states could be rewarded for wasteful highway spending. If it adopts better measurements, smarter investments and less wasteful spending will follow.
The CMAQ measures will also require a definition of “cost-effectiveness,” a related but somewhat separate can of worms.
U.S. DOT Should Include Distance Driven in Any Measure of Congestion
Performance measures in the MAP-21 law have been criticized for being toothless, since many of them don't have consequences attached. However, there is still the possibility that state performance rankings could be made public. And a spotlight on state failures could be an effective way to encourage good decisions.
Streetsblog asked Joe Cortright for their advice to DOT officials struggling to define congestion. Cortright is an economist and senior policy advisor for CEOs for Cities. In 2010 the organization commissioned them to write Driven Apart, a critique of prevailing methods of measuring congestion. Their words of wisdom for U.S. DOT: “Don't make the mistake the Texas Transportation Institute makes.”
TTI's Urban Mobility Report, released every year, invariably gives top honors to places that have overbuilt road capacity. The institute measures congestion only by looking at the degree to which traffic slows down people's commutes. The problem with that, Cortright says, is that “you end up rewarding places that encourage people to drive longer and longer distances, and then you look at those long distances that they're traveling, and say because they're moving at a relatively higher speed much of the time that they're driving, that the system is somehow performing better.”
Over the past few years, U.S. DOT has been very deliberately working hand-in-glove with HUD and the EPA to treat transportation and land use as one cohesive system. It only makes sense that the agency use the same ethic in measuring roadway performance and congestion. By doing so, DOT would have to acknowledge that a long commute along miles and miles of free-flowing highways is no bargain compared to a short commute in dense traffic, not to mention an even shorter commute on transit.
Clark Williams-Derry, research director for the sustainability-focused Sightline Institute, suggests that congestion may simply be the wrong thing to measure. “Focusing on congestion is like, in a basketball game, focusing only on the number of assists you get,” Williams-Derry said. “It's an interesting fact, but it doesn't tell you the final score.”
But people treat this one piece of the picture as if it's “the whole story,” they say. Why not measure how long it takes to get from place to place? Or how much it costs? After all, a major argument against congestion – and the reason that congestion reduction is elevated to a national priority – is that time spent stuck in traffic is lost productivity, which adds up at a national level. But the TTI method actually masks how projects affect total travel time, and wouldn't help measure productivity gains or losses.
The upshot is that following the same methods as TTI's Urban Mobility Report to set performance goals under MAP-21 would be a huge mistake. “It would focus resources on projects that are sprawl-oriented, that encourage decentralized development,” Cortright said. “You can raise your performance on that measure most by having people drive more, as long as they're driving faster.”
Cortright recommends that DOT put more emphasis on vehicle miles traveled than travel speed, and notes that this is especially important when it comes to measuring the cost-effectiveness of projects that are supposed to mitigate congestion and improve air quality. That's another tricky definition DOT is going to have to figure out.
It's Not Cost-Effective For U.S. DOT to Encourage Projects That Induce Driving
When DOT decides how to judge the cost-effectiveness of a CMAQ project, they can either focus on the CM (Congestion Mitigation) or the AQ (Air Quality), but those aren't the same thing. “It's unambiguous that if people drive fewer miles there's going to be less pollution,” Cortright said. “A lot of the quote-unquote ‘congestion reduction' projects essentially encourage more VMT.”
“There's this pervasive mythology that our pollution problems are chiefly caused by people having to idle in traffic,” they continued. “There's no evidence for that, and the evidence there is suggests that if you reduce congestion, people actually drive further, and that more than offsets the benefits of less idling.”
In addition, Williams-Derry pointed out that not all congestion is stop-and-go traffic. Congestion that consists merely of slower but smoothly flowing traffic actually improves air quality, since cars work more efficiently at slower speeds. That's what makes CMAQ a tricky program to judge, since its two goals are sometimes at odds with each other.
If DOT is going to measure cost-effectiveness, Cortright and William-Derry say, it needs to think like a business. Starbucks would never build a second café next door so that it could move the line faster at 9:00 a.m. and then have it sit empty the rest of the day. Building more roadway capacity to handle peak-of-the-peak traffic makes just as little sense.
Cost-effectiveness also can't be measured without examining what are known as “externalities” — the costs of driving that are passed on to the public. “The existing gasoline tax doesn't even cover the maintenance on the highway system that we have now,” Cortright said. “It doesn't reflect the economic losses to crashes, it doesn't reflect the economic externalities associated with the environmental effects of burning all this gasoline and putting carbon in the atmosphere, and it doesn't reflect the foreign policy and military costs of being so dependent on foreign oil.”
“If I were U.S. DOT, I'd try to add in, in figuring cost-effectiveness, the cost of all those other subsidies to automobiles,” they added.
There are still people inside and outside DOT – including some of the authors of MAP-21 inside the halls of Congress – for whom the only cost-effective transportation solution is to expand roads so cars can move faster. Not only would this do nothing to solve the problem of congestion, it would actually exacerbate the air pollution that the CMAQ program is designed to address. By being thoughtful about how to define success in the CMAQ program specifically, and roadway performance generally, U.S. DOT can have a tremendous and lasting impact on whether our transportation system is sustainable and sensible – or whether it drives us off a cliff.
Dana Walden told reporters that producers are crafting a new '24' run that could be without its star.
Fox is mulling the returns of The X-Files, Prison Break and another run of 24, though the latter could come back without leading man Kiefer Suthlerland.
Speaking to reporters Saturday at the Television Critics Association's winter press tour, Fox Television Group chairpeople and CEOs Dana Walden and Gary Newman noted that the network — currently in a rebuilding mode — has had conversations to revive The X-Files with Chris Carter as well as potentially a limited run of Prison Break.
Read more Fox Chiefs on Terrence Howard's Past, 'Sleepy Hollow's' Future, Reality TV Shake-Up
As for the future of 24 — which was revived last summer as a limited series with Suthlerland at its center — Newman and Walden said there were no current plans for another run, but the network has heard a pitch for another run for 2016.
"We would love nothing more than to do another 24. That's a constant focus for us," Newman said from the stage.
Following their panel, Walden told reporters that the duo — who oversee the studio and developed 24, Prison Break and X-Files — that 24 producers Howard Gordon, Evan Katz and Manny Coto are focusing on development but have pitched them a version of the series that "could have gone either way" with Sutherland.
Read more Kiefer Sutherland Struggled to Find Work After '24'
The actor has been vocal about their desire to retire from their starring role as Jack Bauer, and Fox has discussed returning the series without him.
"We have discussed it with him," Walden said. "Potentially, they won't be in this installment — we're not sure yet. We're not that far along, but I know they support us doing more 24. We're not talking about continuing the show without him; we're talking about whether there's one installment that he's not in."
They stressed that the format of 24 with its real-time element will be enough to keep viewers hooked on the series. "I think great characters with that creative team … I look at everyone that surrounded Kiefer in that last installment — I think it could work," they said, noting they plan to again take their time with another revival.
"[The pitch] was in the very origin stages and it could have gone either way," Walden said. "There was a point at which Jack Bauer could come in and fit very organically into their story or they were prepared to do something that would be the one installment without him."
Read more Freddie Prinze Jr. on Their '24' Days: "Kiefer Was the Most Unprofessional Dude in the World"
As for a revival of The X-Files, Walden stressed that it's a timing issue with creator Carter (whose Amazon series The After was canceled ahead of its premiere) and stars David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson, who would all have to return to reboot the cult hit.
"We've had some conversations on X-Files and we're hopeful that we'll bring that back," Newman told the press, noting that there was nothing that they and Walden could announce at this stage.
As for Prison Break, Newman has made it clear that they would love to bring the show starring Dominic Purcell and Wentworth Miller back for another run, though Fox had nothing to report.
"There's some speculation in the press at Prison Break and we've made it clear at the studio that we'd bring Prison Break back at the studio," Newman said. "It's the perfect event series. But at the moment, we have nothing else to report."
Email: Lesley.Goldberg@THR.com
Twitter: @Snoodit
As Andy Schleck (Trek Factory Racing) looks ahead to Liège-Bastogne-Liège this weekend, they dream of returning to their former glories. Related Articles Paris-Nice crash leaves Bardet, Schlecks and Gerrans stranded
Schlecks line up for first major objective at Amstel Gold Race
Andy Schleck has doubts for Flèche and Liège
Mixed day on the Mur de Huy for Trek Factory Racing
Schleck out of Romandie with knee injury
Andy Schleck sees logic in their standing ahead of Tour de France
Schleck won Liège back in 2009 with a devastating solo attack that saw them beat Joaquim Rodríguez by more than a minute. There's little chance of that happening this year and a crash at Amstel Gold Race last Sunday and the resulting knee injury has hampered their prospects still further.
That doesn't mean he's just going to hang on in and hope for the best. “I do not want to stay in the pack and be 20th without having done anything,” Schleck told L'Équipe. “This is my favourite race. In my head I already have a lot of images. Fränk and I are going to attack in anticipation of the action from the favourites. Fränk is very strong. Me, I want to go well. I am going to go well. I hope that my knee will hold.”
A result at Liège could prove crucial for the Luxembourg rider. The pressure is on for Schleck to perform this year as their contract with Trek expires at the end of it. After two years in the wilderness, Schleck has no recent results of note to barter with as they hunt for a contract. In the often cutthroat world of cycling, timing is key. Schleck says they are yet to sit down with the team bosses to talk about their future, but they are not ready to give it all up just yet.
“It is too early to begin discussions. If I won Amstel, perhaps we would be discussing today. I want to stay in the team. I'm not thinking about stopping at the end of this season, but if that were the case, I would look at what I did and I would be proud.
"Today, I still miss things [...] I'm missing some sensations in races. Something to give meaning to all the work I do in training.”
Trying to get back to their best
Schleck's troubles have been well publicised. Once seen as the wunderkind with their three consecutive second places at the Tour – one of which became a victory after Alberto Contador was disqualified from the 2010 race - Schleck now barely registers on the radar, aside from the abundant jokes on Twitter as to whether they have managed to finish a race or not.
It seems like the Schleck of 2009-2011 is long gone, but the 28-year-old still believes that they are in there somewhere. “I want to succeed again. I won a Tour de France on paper and I have won stages. I was Andy Schleck, I was someone, I want to become that again,” they explain.
“I do everything to succeed, I train a lot and I'm leaner. I cannot do more than my best. I don't know if I will get back on the podium at the Tour. If I fail, I won't become depressed. I am happy that I have done everything to get there.”
Schleck's brother Fränk returned to racing this season after a yearlong ban for the diuretic Xipamide, but Andy denied that they had ever been involved in doping, adding that they believed that anti-doping measures are "more effective" now. “I gave a lot to the Tour and I have never hurt the bike. I've never done crap, unlike others,” Schleck said. “Guys like (Riccardo) Riccò and (Danilo) Di Luca did stupid things and they may encounter problems later, because they only have the bike in their lives.”
At the beginning of December, The Intercept reported on eight major American technology firms unwilling to state on the record that they would not help the Trump administration create a national Muslim registry. Since then, 22 different advocacy groups petitioned those companies to respond —today, Facebook breaks its silence.
The following statement was issued to The Intercept by a Facebook spokesperson:
“No one has asked us to build a Muslim registry, and of course we would not do so.”
The statement comes the day after another Facebook rep accidentally emailed BuzzFeed News, dismissing the question of the Muslim registry as a “straw man.” This now makes Facebook and Twitter the only two companies willing to say they will not help build an unconstitutional, draconian list of Muslims. If any of the rest would like to join, we encourage you to do so.
JoyceLynn Aryan Nation Campbell, Honszlynn Hinler Jeannie Campbell and Adolf Hitler Campbell.
Good names for a trio of toddlers? Heath and Deborah Campbell think so. The Holland Township couple has picked those names and the oldest child, Adolf Hitler Campbell, turns 3 today.
This has given rise to a problem, because the ShopRite supermarket in Greenwich Township has refused to make a cake for young Adolf's birthday.
"We believe the request ... to inscribe a birthday wish to Adolf Hitler is inappropriate," said Karen Meleta, a ShopRite spokesperson.
The Campbells turned down the market's offer to make a cake with enough room for them to write their own inscription and can't understand what all of the fuss is about.
"ShopRite can't even make a cake for a 3-year-old," said Deborah Campbell, 25, who is Heath's wife of three years and the mother of the children. "That's sad."
Others, such as Anti-Defamation League director Barry Morrison, applauded Shop Rite's decision.
"Might as well put a sign around their (the children's) neck that says bigot, racist, hatemonger," said Morrison. "What's the difference?"
What do you think? Was ShopRite correct for refusing to personalize a cake for the Campbells? Feel free to comment below and take the time to vote in our online poll.
Also, check out a photo gallery from the Campbell family home.
UPDATE: In their Steaming Cup of Joe blog, Express-Times editor Joseph P. Owens replies to some of the reaction to the Campbell family story.
UPDATE: Media swarms Greenwich ShopRite and Campbell family
UPDATE: Editorial on ironies in the Adolf Hitler Campbell story
UPDATE: Adolf Hitler dad says swastikas out, holocaust happened, names stay
UPDATE: Threatening letters about Adolf Hitler Campbell sent to wrong family
Toronto Sun city hall columnist Sue Ann Levy has been censured from reporting on Pride Toronto (PT), just as funding is about to hit council for a vote.
Xtra on April 6, Levy urges several Jewish community leaders to email city councillors In an email leaked toon April 6, Levy urges several Jewish community leaders to email city councillors in a lobbying effort to strip PT of city funding . They also take aim at Metropolitan Community Church pastor and Community Advisor Panel (CAP) chair Brent Hawkes, saying they are “working behind the scenes to ensure there's enough votes to overturn the motion.”
Levy's email is the result of “an interesting discussion with Earl Provost, director of stakeholder relations in Mayor Rob Ford's office,” it reads. The email signature identifies them as a Toronto Sun columnist.
Neither Provost nor Mayor Rob Ford returned Xtra's request for an interview.
Toronto Sun editor-in-chief James Wallace stands behind their columnist.
“Sue Ann has been crystal clear in their columns. They have not been hiding the fact that they want funding to this group cut,” they say. “As a newspaper we have taken an editorial position that public funds should not go to a group that equates Israel with an apartheid state.”
The Sun is mostly concerned with the appearance of a conflict of interest, Wallace says.
“I thought it was prudent that they not write on this topic until after council votes,” they say. “If they are writing about the issue it creates the appearance of conflict.”
City hall press gallery president David Nickle says they have no control over members of the media. Still — speaking about journalistic ethics generally — they say the rule of thumb for all journalists is, “if you're going to involve yourself in a political issue, best not to write about it.”
Journalists can be activists for causes, they say, but there must always be full disclosure with the public.
“It appears they were suggesting that members of the Jewish community organize in a particular way,” they say. “Based on my understanding, she's not a lobbyist based on the city's lobbying rules, but they are definitely taking on a political cause.”
Xtra contacted all 44 councillors about PT funding for its April 7 Toronto cover story. At the time, Councillor Adam Vaughan warned that Levy has the ear of the mayor and she's contacted all 44 councillors about PT funding for its April 7 Toronto cover story. At the time, Councillor Adam Vaughan warned that Levy has the ear of the mayor and she's busy orchestrating a campaign behind the scenes to ensure that “Pride will be punished.”
Sources tell Xtra that the city manager's report will likely be on the agenda April 20, not April 12 as previously reported. Francisco Alvarez, PT co-chair, says the final vote is expected in May. On the chopping block is approximately $123,807, the amount PT got in 2010 from the city, plus roughly $300,000 in-kind services like policing and cleanup.
Vaughan tells Xtra Levy's email just confirms what they already know.
As a former advocacy journalist, they often took positions on issues, they say, but “what Sue Ann's doing is a whole different trajectory. They no longer has a perspective [on Pride]. They have an agenda.  They are on the Ford team.  They are doing work for the mayor… Take everything they say in light of that.”
“This makes us question if they are an extension of the Sun or an extension of the mayor's office.”
Levy is turning the PT funding decision into a referendum on “whether you are with the mayor or not,” they say. “The mayor is watching [PT funding]. The mayor has a position. The mayor has an expected outcome and the mayor is giving orders on this, not just to councillors, but also to journalists. [Claims of racism and homophobia] raises the stakes and heightens the polarization on this, and makes a thoughtful way forward more and more unlikely. And that's very sad.”
One of the recipients of Levy's email was the Canadian Jewish Congress (CJC).
Ontario regional director Len Rudner says, “The Jewish community is united that Queers Against Israeli Apartheid (QuAIA) must not be allowed to march in the parade,” they say. “Sue Ann's letter represents an approach to this issue. Our approach is different… This has been a hot topic in our office.”
On Twitter, Levy shot back at Vaughan, calling them an anti-Semite. They also snapped at city hall reporter Jonathan Goldsbie, calling them “a self-hating Jew,” then “Johnny Jew” when they questioned them ethics.
Hours later, Levy tweeted again, this time an apology, right after deleting all the offending tweets: “A few hrs ago I referenced Adam Vaughan in a tweet. I apologize for my comments and regret any distress it caused.”
Levy's email is a direct attack on Hawkes. In it they accuse them of working behind the scenes on behalf of QuAIA, “saving face, keeping bums in the seats of their church and promoting the image of himself, Rev Hawkes, as the self-appointed leader of Toronto's gay community.”
Hawkes tells Xtra they are reeling from the letter. They hope Levy has not compromised any possible productive discussion currently happening at city hall.
“I don't understand their strategy here.  They are going after me with statements that are incorrect, and I really resent the impression they are painting of me out there,” they say. “I'm trying to decide what should be the response. We have to take action. This damages my reputation, the church and the entire community.”
Lorraine Weinrib, a professor in University of Toronto's Faculty of Law and CAP panel member, slams Levy's actions, saying it is unbecoming behaviour for any member of the Toronto media. They also say, in reference to Levy's email campaign, that it is “seriously inappropriate” for a city hall journalist to seemingly appear as a lobbyist for such a controversial issue. It compromises their credibility and could affect the outcome of the issue.
“Is this the Sun's editorial position?” they ask. “This is a departure from the role of a columnist, especially one that covers city council. This is mobilizing support. And these extravagant statements they make about Brent Hawkes. This is not appropriate for a journalist. They seem to see their role as one to galvanize Jewish support to pressure council to vote a certain way.”
In an email to Nickle and Wallace sent from their personal address, Casey Oraa, a Toronto queer activist and political action chair for Queer Ontario (QO), says Levy's actions “raise serious questions around journalistic integrity and the conduct of reporters who choose to act as lobbyists.”
“Had Ms Levy conducted all of this through a personal email account and as a citizen, there would be no concern raised in my mind, but by choosing to organize using their work email account and position as a reporter, it raises serious questions in my mind around journalistic integrity and the conduct of reporters who choose to act as lobbyists,” Oraa states.
Indian roads are among the most dangerous in the world. According the WHO reports, there are about 250,000 road fatalities annually in India. In comparison, 289 terrorism related deaths were reported in India in 2015. Road accidents are a serious problem and have several reasons. In this article we focus on a less known and less understood cause – Neutral Gear Driving. We will define what neutral driving is, why it happens, how policies of transportation companies inadvertently incentivise this dangerous behaviour. We will also present an IoT solution to monitor neutral driving and a metric to identify drivers who drive in neutral.
What is Neutral Gear Driving
In neutral drive, the clutch plate is completely disengaged from the pressure plate. It disengages all gears from the transmission, and disconnects transmission from the wheels. It is similar to have pressed the clutch fully in. In this mode the RPM of the vehicle settles down to it the lowest values, typically between 700 – 800 depending on the type of vehicle. Since the RPM is least and there is practically no load on the engine, very little fuel is consumed in this mode. In case, the vehicle is being driven at a high speed, by switching to neutral the driver begins to coast, using mostly the momentum of vehicle or gravity to move. The fuel efficiency of the vehicle in this mode will be very high.
A driver drives in neutral to save fuel. It becomes exceptionally dangerous, when they do it going downslope. While going downslope in neutral gear, the vehicle consumes very little fuel as it moves mostly due to gravity. Since the clutch plate and pressure plate are completely disengaged there is no engine friction or engine control. You cannot control the vehicle with accelerator. We now have a vehicle weighing several tonnes, going down a slope at high speeds with very little control. The wheels are disconnected from the transmission and are moving only due to inertia and gravity. There is no engine brake or control. In case the driver sees a obstruction, they would have to react very quickly to brake, swerve or get the engine in gear. Often the driver loses control of the vehicle causing an accident. Neutral driving is the cause for several accidents that resulted in fatalities and financial damage.
Why does Neutral Driving Happen
Obviously, neutral driving is done to save fuel and reduce cost. Most transportation companies pay a fixed fuel expense to their drivers. So, a trip between Mumbai and Delhi, will have a pre-decided fuel rate e.g. 3 kms/litre. These rates are based on estimates built on experience. The Delhi-Mumbai trip is 1421 kms, so the transporter gives the driver 1421/3 * 60 = Rs. 28400 towards their fuel expenses. This amount is fixed, so if they consume more, they would have to pay the difference from their pocket. If they consume less, they pocket the difference. This works quite well in several ways for the transportation company. They don't have to worry about monitoring fuel usage or fuel theft. They have reduced the variability of fuel expenses and have incentivised the driver to drive keeping fuel efficiency high.
This also means the driver is now incentivised to drive on neutral, especially on slopes, where they know that gravity will do most of the work for him. Inadvertently, the transportation companies have incentivised the driver to take risks that could damage the vehicle, the customers consignment and possibly kill themselves and other people on the road.
Can Neutral Driving be Detected
Neutral Driving can be detected by monitoring speed and RPM of the vehicle. As discussed earlier, if the speed of the vehicle is high and the RPM is at lowest values for the vehicle, then the vehicle is being driven in neutral gear. We have measured speed and RPM using OBD devices on cars, trucks and buses and detected neutral driving on these vehicles.
As seen in the figure above, with our algorithms we have been able to detect all gears and neutral driving (red spots). This driver drives on neutral about 15% of the time. We can also see that the driver begins to drive on neutral gear after they reached 60-65 kms/hr. They then goes back to gear at around 45 kms/hr. They do it opportunistically on highways and on slopes. We noticed similar behaviour in several professionally driven vehicles, including cars. It seems lots of professional drivers drive in neutral to save fuel.
We have observed incidences of neutral driving on national highways and on slopes. As seen in the picture above, this truck is rarely driven in neutral within city limits where there in dense traffic. On national highways we observed the drivers tend to accelerate to around 60-65 and then drop to neutral. The speed of vehicle slowly comes down and the driver puts in back to gear at around 45 kms / hr. We see much more dangerous behaviour on slopes. When the driver drives on neutral on slopes, the vehicles speed increases. High speeds, with less control.
Does Neutral Driving Save Fuel
We did some analyses of fuel consumption to check the impact of neutral driving on fuel consumption.
Speed Range (km/hr) Fuel Eff – Accelerating (km/lt) Fuel Eff – Cruising (km/ltr) 60 – 65 3.79 4.59 55 – 60 3.85 4.88 50 – 55 3.61 5.15 45 – 50 3.34 4.22
The table above shows the instantaneous fuel efficiencies at different speeds and depending on whether the vehicle was accelerating or cruising at constant. We see that the fuel efficiency of the vehicle peaks while cruising at around 55 kms/hr. The fuel efficiencies are dramatically lower while accelerating. So a driver who accelerates upto 60 kms/hr and then neutral drives down to 45 km/hr and then again accelerates to 60 kms/hr will have a lower fuel efficiency than a driver who drives at a fixed speed of 55 kms/hr. Unfortunately, most drivers just focus on the fuel savings while driving neutral and not on the fuel lost while accelerating to the preferred speed. All the fuel saved with neutral driving will be lost in acceleration, while the driver exposes themselves and others on the road to a huge risk of fatal accidents.
Transporters and shippers can monitor the driving behaviour of the drivers to reduce probability of accidents, road fatalities and damages to their vehicles and consignment. It would make roads safer and reduce overall costs.
According to Spanish news outlet Sport, Antonio Conte's search for a wing-back has taken them to Teesside. The Italian has reportedly set their sights on Adama Traoré as they look to add depth to a position the league champions are currently lacking in.
Chelsea had previously been linked with a move for West Ham United's utility man Michail Antonio, but the 26-year-old signed an improved deal with the Hammers. The link to them and now to the versatile Middlesbrough attacker shows that Chelsea are in the market for reinforcements in that area of the pitch.
Traoré, 21, only joined recently relegated Boro on deadline day of the summer transfer window after just a season, albeit a disappointing one, at Aston Villa. The former Barcelona man wasn't a guaranteed starter for either of Aitor Karanka or Steve Agnew but put in some eye-catching performances. He's played on the right side of the midfield and terrorised both Liverpool and Manchester United with their direct play.
It's no wonder he's reportedly at the top of Chelsea's transfer wishlist.
While back-up wing-backs aren't the signing that fans want to see, it is necessary.
Victor Moses is the current incumbent of the right wing-back role at Stamford Bridge.
If 3-4-3 is a system Chelsea intends to use for the long-term then they are going to need depth in key areas, and the wing-back role is certainly one of them. Moses' performances in their new role have been rightly applauded. He's become an integral part of the system and the team are now potentially overly reliant on them with no alternatives currently in the squad.
Willian and Pedro could play there, and both would probably do well, but doing so would take away what they offer the team offensively and replacing that output in the final third won't be cheap.
Despite the wing-back role being viewed as a defensive position that's not entirely the case with Conte's use of them. Moses has been used effectively as a winger.
With Chelsea looking to play a counter-attacking system the manager makes the most of the former Wigan Athletic man's pace, composure, ability on the ball and instinctive attacking movements to give their side an advantage in the final third.
It's why links to attacking players make a lot of sense and Chelsea ideally need someone who shares similarities with Moses.
In the two pictures above you see the benefits of having Moses and not a traditional defender playing the wing-back role. They square up Erik Peters, the Stoke City left-back, and threatens to cut inside on their left foot before dipping back onto their right and driving into the area.
They create their own space and delivers a perfect pass to Hazard who then cushions the ball for Willian to smash home.
He's direct, he's tricky and he's composed.
They could have just played the ball back to César Azpilicueta who then would have crossed the ball into the area and Stoke, who have a lot of men back, possibly would have cleared the danger.
Premier League champions Leicester City tried to replicate Conte's system when the two sides faced off. It backfired for Ranieri's men. In the picture above you see the room Moses has on the right and how the Leicester left wing-back is isolated. It happened time and time again.
All it takes is a clever switch of play and they are one on one with a lot of space to work in.
A Closer Look at Adama Traoré
There are question marks over Traoré's suitability. Chelsea is a well disciplined, defensively drilled team and their success as of late has been down to just how compact they are in their own half.
It requires a lot of concentration and a lot of patience. The Boro man is a firecracker just waiting to go off.
It doesn't sound like a match made in heaven but if anybody can educate the player on the defensive side of the game it's going to be Conte.
When compared to Moses statistically you see there are areas of their game they would have to improve.
The Boro man attempts fewer passes (13.7 to 29.7) and their pass completion is worse (69.9 per cent to 79.2 per cent). Moses wins more tackles per 90 minutes too (1.4 to 1.1). A stat to take note of, though, is completed dribbles. Eden Hazard tops the list for Chelsea with 4 and Moses is on 1.6 but Traoré completes 5 dribbles per 90 minutes.
It could be also be a role which allows the powerful winger to really show the world their talents.
A wing-back often sees an attacking player tracking them from deep areas, those who aren't usually the best defensively.
Couple that with the fact Traoré would be arriving at speed from a more withdrawn area, it does beg the question; just how devastating could they be for Chelsea?
In the series of pictures above you see how Traoré creates something out of nothing. In the first picture he's being tracked by Daley Blind and looks to be going nowhere with the United defender so close to him.
Not to be deterred, though, they wriggle free and drives into the area which then brings Chris Smalling into play.
The United centre-back isn't quick enough to even get close to the former Barça youngster who blazes past him. That's two of the United back four taken out of the game.
Traoré is a man who can break defensive lines.
They pick the ball up in the initial picture facing their own goal with a United man on their back. Yet in the second picture he's progressed with the ball, has three United midfielders trailing in their wake and has both of the centre-backs giving them their full attention.
The home side went from looking composed and in control to stretched and scurrying to get back in a matter of four seconds.
They could be a real weapon for Chelsea in that wing-back role. They would need time to develop, though, and would need to embrace whatever Conte tells them on the training pitch. There's a lot of raw potential there, it just needs to be harnessed.
Rob Kampia is executive director of the Marijuana Policy Project.
During the 2008 campaign, Barack Obama raised hopes among those who support medical marijuana by pledging to respect state laws on the issue. But their administration has reversed course and massively escalated the federal government's attacks on medical marijuana businesses, most of which are legal under their states' laws.
This is perplexing because medical marijuana is far more popular than Obama is. A Washington Post-ABC News poll from January 2010 found that 81 percent of Americans supported legalizing medical marijuana. A CBS News poll from October found that 77 percent of Americans support allowing doctors to prescribe marijuana for serious medical conditions. By contrast, the president's approval rating last October hovered around 42 percent — and is currently about 47 percent.
The shift has been clear. Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. announced in March 2009 that the Obama administration would end the Bush administration's practice of raiding medical marijuana providers that violated federal statutes. A memo from the Justice Department later that year said the department would not prioritize prosecutions of individuals acting in compliance with state medical marijuana laws.
Through 2010, that policy seemed to work. California, Colorado, Maine and New Mexico took steps to regulate the distribution of medical marijuana at the state and local levels. Other states had similar plans in the works.
But last year the tide turned. Obama's Justice Department authorized a series of letters from U.S. attorneys across the country threatening to “vigorously” prosecute individuals acting in compliance with state medical marijuana laws. In some cases the U.S. attorneys suggested that government employees who help regulate their states' medical marijuana systems could be prosecuted for “facilitating” a crime.
There was more. The IRS cracked down on medical marijuana dispensaries, refusing to allow them to deduct such standard business expenses as rent and payroll. Last September the National Institute on Drug Abuse refused to provide federally grown marijuana to a Food and Drug Administration-approved research protocol seeking to measure the extent to which marijuana helps combat veterans with their post-traumatic stress disorder. The Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives outlawed gun sales to medical marijuana patients. And federal prosecutors in California announced that they would crack down on dispensaries across the state, saying that they intend to seize the property of landlords who lease space to these businesses that are legal under state law.
Last month Obama clarified their position on medical marijuana, saying on a late-night show that “we're not going to be legalizing weed . . . anytime soon.” This after they had recently told an interviewer: “I never made a commitment that somehow we were going to give carte blanche to large-scale producers and operators of marijuana — and the reason is, because it's against federal law. I can't nullify congressional law.”
Simply put, Obama has become more hostile to medical marijuana patients than any president in U.S. history.
To put Obama's implosion in perspective, consider what Texas Gov. Rick Perry (R) wrote in their 2010 book “Fed Up!”: “When the federal government oversteps its authority, states should tell Washington they will not be complicit in enforcing laws with which they do not agree. Again, the best example is an issue I don't even agree with — the partial legalization of marijuana. Californians clearly want some level of legalized marijuana, be it for medicinal use or otherwise. The federal government is telling them they cannot. But states are not bound to enforce federal law, and the federal government cannot commandeer state resources and require them to enforce it.”
Perry also wrote, “If you don't support the death penalty and citizens packing a pistol, don't come to Texas. If you don't like medicinal marijuana and gay marriage, don't move to California.”
The five presidents from Richard Nixon through George H.W. Bush allowed medical marijuana research to proceed unhindered.
The three presidents from Jimmy Carter to George H.W. Bush allowed patients to apply to the federal government for waivers to use medical marijuana legally under federal law.
Obama appears to be to the right of Ron Paul, Gary Johnson, Ronald Reagan and even George W. Bush on this issue. It's hard to imagine how this helps Obama politically, and it's easy to imagine how forcing patients to purchase their medicine from an illicit provider instead of a regulated business hurts people who are suffering from cancer, AIDS and multiple sclerosis.
While exploring the new lands of Elemental Evil, one of our wizards has come into the possession of a lockbox attuned to the element of Earth. Contained within are rare and powerful treasures that embody the strength and resilience of Earth.
Remember that each lockbox requires its own Enchanted Key before you can reveal what's inside.
Behold, the earthly relics contained within this lockbox:
Armored Bulette and Bulette Mounts – Often referred to as “landsharks,” Bulettes are some of the most feared beasts in all of Faerûn. The only thing more intimidating than a charging landshark is the rider leading the charge.
Symbol of Earth – Crush your enemies with the power of the earth. This magically enchanted symbol will summon an earthmote to crush your foes into oblivion.
Ensorcelled Arsenal – The leveless equipment contained within this pack will match the strength of the wielder as they level, increasing in power up to level 70.
This pack contains one of the following:
- Ensorcelled Mulhorand Weapon
- Ensorcelled Mulhorand Sidearm
- Ensorcelled Mulhorand Cloak
Trove of Elemental Evil – Fill with items stolen from all the elemental cults, this trove contains a myriad of relics both powerful and rare.
Contains one of the following:
- Wheel of Elements
- Fire Archon
- Earth Archon
- Water Archon
- Air Archon
Ogrémoch's Artifact Pack – An ornate reliquary prepared by the Cult of the Black Earth as a tribute to Ogrémoch:
- Greater Refining Stone
- Refining Stone
- Lesser Refining Stone
And one of the following:
- Shard of Valindra's Crown
- Emblem of the Seldarine
- Lostmauth's Horn of Blasting
- Belt of Valindra's Guard
- Greater Belt of the Seldarine
- Golden Belt of Puissance
- Lesser Refining Stone
Earth-Aspected Strongbox of Enchantments – This has a chance to bestow permanent enchantments along with others featured in previous lockboxes. This strongbox contains one of the following:
- Greater Mark of Potency
-1 or 2 Marks of Potency
And one of the following:
- Brilliant Diamond
- Blood Ruby
- Black Opal
- Bronzewood Enchantment
- Barkshield Enchantment
- Rank 8 Enchantment
- 1 or 2 Rank 7 Enchantments
- Flawless Sapphire
Professions Special Pack – This pack contains useful profession items to aid you with your profession tasks. Contains people, tools and resources used in full 20 rank Professions:
- 1 Epic, Rare, Uncommon profession asset
- 1 Rare Profession item.
- 1 Epic, Rare or Uncommon Profession item.
Black Ice Shaping Special Pack – A pack suited to giving you a boost when it comes to Black Ice Shaping. This pack contains:
- 1 Epic, Rare, or Uncommon Black Ice Shaping Asset.
- 1 Uncommon Black Ice Shaping Asset.
- 1 Uncommon Black Ice Shaping Resource or 250 Black Ice.
Companion Fortification Kit – Items from the companion kit can be used to strengthen your companion's effectiveness in battle. Notably, you will have a chance to gain a companion upgrade token which can help you upgrade your companion to Max level 40.
This pack contains one of the following:
- 3 Rank 7 Runestones
- Greater Companion Experience Treatise
- Companion Experience Treatise
- Lesser Companion Experience Treatise
The Companion Fortification Kit also contains one of the following:
- 30 Companion Upgrade Tokens
- Bonding Runestone
- 1 Rank 8 Runestone
- 3 Rank 7 Runestones
Genie's Gift – Crafted by genies to deceive thieves, this relic refashions itself to the unsuspecting viewer's hopes and expectations. Now from its home in the Elemental Plans, perhaps it would play the part of a single-minded collector's long sought-after treasure. Can be exchanged for Campaign Currencies at:
- The Illefarn Relic Collector in Sharandar
- Thayan Relic Collector in the Dread Ring
- The Relic Collector in Caer Konig
- The Dragon Relic Collector in the Well of Dragons
Tarmalune Trade Bar Jackpot – Get yourself a greater chance to obtain Tarmalune Trade Bars in large numbers!
Tantalized by these artifacts from another realm? Login now and claim them before they are claimed by the earth forever!
Want more game details, screens, and videos? Like Neverwinter on Facebook for more fan-exclusive content and follow us on Twitter – tweet us your questions! And, subscribe to our YouTube channel for the latest Neverwinter videos.
Discuss on the official forums
The Times and Sunday Times' upcoming paid sites will not allow their articles to appear in search engines like Google (NSDQ: GOOG). That was one nugget gleaned during a preview of the attractive forthcoming relaunches Monday night. Times Online will relaunch as separate entities “imminently” has relaunched as two separate editions and will go paid within about four weeks. But the sites will only show their homepages, not articles, to search engines.
That means the sites – which are fine, focused products – could be passing up their greatest customer acquisition opportunity: their content itself. Non-members who reach a story page are greeted by a Times+ sign-up and login overlay, obscuring the article; there's no taster, no excerpt and no way that anyone will find those articles via search sites.
Advertisement
It's all a more conservative strategy than News Corp (NYSE: NWS) stablemate WSJ.com, but: “When we showed it to people, that was the model they preferred,” said Times executive editor Danny Finkelstein. “We're completely unashamed about this. We're trying to get people to pay for the journalism and we wanted to do it in a very simple way.”
Assistant editor Tom Whitwell added on the search issue: “The clarity is something that was very important. If you're asking someone to pay for something, it has to be very clear what they're paying for.”
But, by scoping down their possible customer base only to readers who already know and appreciate the Timeses' particular output, the sites appear to be falling back on their core constituencies of loyal readers, or otherwise folk who already know what The Timeses stand for.
The £2-a-week reader charge, we learned, will auto-renew, unlike the £1 daily fee, and, naturally, no-one at the papers is prepared to communicate in-house subscriber targets. It's this weekly pricepoint which the publisher thinks will be the more popular of the two.
The existing Times Online will remain online and visible to search engines for a period yet to be determined, containing only material from prior to the site's separation. This site, Finkelstein said, “is a good opportunity to advertise our new product to people”.
NFL Network analyst Heath Evans is well known to Philadelphia Eagles fans. The former NFL fullback has never held back at criticizing the Eagles specifically Chip Kelly.
Two years ago, Evans called Chip Kelly one of the worst hires in pro football history. They continued this past season when they said the Eagles were 1-1, but they were really 2-0. Now with the Eagles trading LeSean McCoy to the Buffalo Bills for Kiko Alonso, it opened the door once again for Evans.
“I would call it an uneducated decision, that's what I would call it,” Evans said on 97.5 The Fanatic.
"You trade a guy like LeSean McCoy, who is a known commodity - probably a top three back in this league - production speaks for itself for a kid that's not only coming off an ACL injury but a kid that had - you call them a one hit wonder -but they were playing Buffalo with one of the best dline's in the league.
Let me be clear. Kiko will hopefully be a dominant linebacker in this league and good luck to Chip Kelly. I just fundamentally disagree with pretty much everything Chip does as a football mind."
Evans doesn't stop there.
"His thinking is flawed. Their system of how to win a championship and how to win games in our league is flawed. Oregon's yet to win a championship at the college level with that system. It's not about tempo," they continued.
"What Chip has done has been around the league since Peyton Manning and Tom Brady took off. The fast pace. I mean Dan Marino, John Elway, Joe Montana, they all did it. They just didn't do it for a full game because it's stupid. It hinders your team. It cripples your defense. You could put Tom Brady in that system to manage that system. You could put Drew Brees in that system. When you're operating at such a tempo especially the young players, you're going to have mental mistakes everywhere and that's what happens. That system gets beat by the good, disciplined football teams, the tougher minded football teams."
Despite Evans' harsh remarks, it's too early to judge Kelly and their system. After all, he's 20-12 as the Eagles head coach in two seasons on the job.
Dragon's Dogma is a Capcom RPG that, while not a runaway success, certainly has its fans. And I guarantee you'll be hearing from those fans in light of this news: Dragon's Dogma: Dark Arisen is coming to PS4 and Xbox One this fall.
In case you missed it the first time around, or the second time (when it was re-released as Dragon's Dogma: Dark Arisen which included a new zone, mechanics, and all previous DLC included), or the third time (when it came to PC), here's the deal:
Dragon's Dogma mixes in a little bit of Dark Souls, a little bit of Monster Hunter, and a little bit of Devil May Cry to create a fantasy world of larger-than-life monsters that need to be tackled strategically - but also kind of in the most over-the-top way possible, too.
I'll let a trailer from when the game came to PC give you a better taste:
If you want to see this new version in action, Capcom will be streaming on Twitch starting at 3pm Pacific / 11pm BST.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate gave solid approval on Wednesday to a relief plan to help Puerto Rico address its $70 billion debt, sending the measure to President Obama for their signing into law just ahead of a possible default by the U.S. territory on its next debt payment.
A worker takes off U.S and Puerto Rican flag in San Juan, Puerto Rico, May 16, 2016. REUTERS/Alvin Baez
The measure passed the Senate on a vote of 68-30, and President Obama said in a statement they looked forward to signing the bill into law. The House of Representatives has already approved the bill.
“This bill is not perfect, but it is a critical first step toward economic recovery and restored hope for millions of Americans who call Puerto Rico home,” Obama said.
The legislation would create a federal oversight board, appointed by Washington, with power to restructure Puerto Rico's unmanageable debt load.
The bill provides for a stay, or halt, to any litigation brought against the Puerto Rican government and its debt issuing agencies that is retroactive to December. This provides breathing room for the board to start the process of restructuring and oversee a sustainable budget process.
On Friday, Puerto Rico faces a potential default on a chunk of its debt if it cannot make $1.9 billion worth of payments. Puerto Rico's Governor, Alejandro Garcia Padilla, has said the island will default some of the debt.
Supporters said intervention by Washington lawmakers was necessary to help the island's 3.5 million U.S. citizens avert a “descent into chaos,” as U.S. Treasury Secretary Jack Lew on Tuesday.
Puerto Rico has been waiting for months for Congress to act as its economic crisis worsened. It has already defaulted on some of its debt. The Caribbean island territory is reeling from a 45 percent poverty rate, as well as a steady flow of migration to the U.S. mainland that shrinks its tax base and shuttering of essential services.
In addition, it is suffering from a Zika virus outbreak that is hurting its critical tourism industry.
But many Puerto Ricans are leery of the proposed oversight board, fearing it could usurp the island's government and place investors' concerns over local priorities.
Puerto Rico's benchmark 2035 General Obligation bond rose 1 full point in price ahead of the final vote, to trade at 66.75 points, pushing the yield down to 12.663 percent.
Passage of the Puerto Rico Oversight, Management, and Economic Stability Act (PROMESA) came after leaders of both political parties warned that failure to approve the legislation could lead to a U.S. taxpayer-funded bailout.
“This is the best and possibly the only action we can take to help Puerto Rico,” Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, a Republican, said.
“Doing nothing now ... (is) the surest route to both a taxpayer funded bailout of Puerto Rico and a humanitarian crisis for its people,” McConnell said.
Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid said they shared the concerns of many Democrats with the “excessive powers and appointment structure” of the oversight board, and they were unhappy with some labor provisions.
But Reid said they were voting for passage because Puerto Rico needed the help by Friday. “Otherwise we ... turn them over to the hedge funds and they will sue them to death,” they said.
The seven member board, appointed by President Obama from recommendations given by party leaders in both the House and Senate, is supposed to be in place by Sept. 1, 2016.
Neither political party was entirely happy with the fix.
Democrats bridled at a Republican provision that might lower the minimum wage for some young workers and weaken overtime pay rules while some Republicans were concerned the bill could amount to a bailout of the island, or set a precedent for states in fiscal trouble to seek a similar arrangement.
“They'll say if a territory can receive unprecedented authority from Congress, then why shouldn't a state?” asked Republican Senator Chuck Grassley of Iowa.
The legislation is geared toward U.S. territories. Puerto Rico is not covered by current U.S. bankruptcy law under Chapter 9.
Democratic Senator Robert Menendez of New Jersey, opposing the measure, argued that Friday was an arbitrary deadline for action that did not excuse a “flawed” bill.
Senator John Cornyn (R-TX) speaks during a news conference following party policy lunch meeting at the U.S. Capitol in Washington August 4, 2015. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
A vote for the bill was “a vote to authorize an unelected, unchecked and all powerful control board to determine Puerto Rico's destiny for a generation or more,” Menendez declared.
Some senators, including Vermont independent Bernie Sanders, criticized the estimated $370 million cost of the legislation over five years, complaining that Puerto Rico will get stuck with the tab while it is struggling to reduce its debt. Sanders blasted this as “colonialism at its worst.”
The non-partisan Congressional Budget Office, which issued that estimate, said that about $350 million of the total “would primarily cover fees of legal and financial consultants hired to restructure Puerto Rico's debt.”
Despite James Cameron's “Avatar” now fighting for the top grossing film of all time slot, the game version of the hyper-fable failed Ubisoft's sales goals by a significant margin. Coming out a full two weeks before the film has been the reason most have attributed to the failure, the top brass at the publisher have mentioned that releasing licensed media in December has always been a risky move. Speaking shortly after the company slashed its guidance, CEO Yves Guillemot spoke on how the company has taken the hit.
“We knew we were taking [some risk]. The fact that the movie was coming in December was a potential problem, and it did result in a problem. We thought the game would continue to sell after the new year. It will be difficult in the future to buy rights to a movie that comes in December, because it's too risky, and it cannot [capture] Christmas season [sales]. It doesn't work as well for a video game company.”
Guillemot also took time to describe how the company will retract its usual amount of license acquiring in order to focus on its more original – and profitable – content. “The goal is to reduce the investment in licenses, and put more emphasis on making our brands bigger [and appear] more often, with very high quality,” Guillemot explained. “It doesn't mean we will stop, but we are going to spend less on licenses in the future.”
CFO Alain Martinez was sure to chime in and lessen doubts that the company didn't lose much on Avatar: The Game, “Avatar is not a loss-making project,” they stated. “When we lose 1 million sales [from our projections], that's about 30 million euros in sales and 65 or 70 percent of gross margin that has been lost.”
Source
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
During the 2012 Republican presidential primary and general election campaign, Americans learned from various Republicans claiming Christianity informed their policy positions that “lying for the lord” did not violate number nine of the Ten Commandments so long as it helped them garner electoral support. Apparently, godly mendacity is a cherished biblical trait permeating the extremist American evangelical population that Hobby Lobby's owners have embraced in their pursuit of religious freedom to impose their perverse interpretation of biblical principles on all Americans. According to Hobby Lobby's owners, the Greens, and the majority of so-called Christians, their demand for comprehensive religious liberty is not about imposing bible dogmata on Americans, or in Hobby Lobby's case its female employees, but just their constitutional right to circumvent laws they believe restrict their ability to freely exercise religion.
Americans mortified the Supreme Court is going to rule that corporations such as Hobby Lobby are not only people, but people who pray and worship a deity that gives them authority to impose their version of Christianity on their employees and flout any law that offends their religious sensibilities, may remember that the Greens claimed they are only fighting to honor the lord and not push their religion on anyone. It turns out that the Greens are lying about more than just not wanting to impose their religious beliefs on their female employees, they are spending hundreds-of-millions of dollars to push what they claim is the literal and historical truth of the bible on all Americans; including public school students. Besides a pubic-school biblical curriculum, the Greens are funding a giant museum near the Smithsonian as well as traveling public displays and forums teaching American sinners about the devout Christian faith of the Founding Fathers.
Besides building a bible museum near the Mall in Washington with as much space as the National Museum of American History, the Green's funded an ornate traveling religious exhibit replete with a conceptualized recreation of a Holy Land cave, a “Noah's Ark experience” for children, and animatronic characters such as William Tyndale burned at the stake for translating the New Testament into English. The Greens also sponsor “scholarly” bible studies and host historically inaccurate forums preaching Christianity's role in founding America they intend to package for national broadcast. However, the proof they lied about not pushing Christianity on Americans is their multimillion-dollar attempt at bible curriculum intended for every public school in the nation. According to a source close to the Green family, the museum's cost alone is estimated to be $800-million, and with the public school curriculum and traveling exhibits the family will spend about a billion of their $5 billion-dollar fortune.
The textbook for the first of four year-long public high school theocratic courses presents Adam and Eve as historical figures and “introduces God as ‘faithful and good,' ‘gracious and compassionate,' and includes a list of ‘curses for disobeying the Lord' that warns students of defeat, fever, disaster, and panic in everything you do.” According to Hobby Lobby owner Steve Green speaking at the National Bible Forum last spring, “Our goal is to reintroduce this book to the nation that is in danger because of its ignorance of what God has taught. We need to know it. And if we don't know it, our future is going to be very scary.” Steve Green said their dream and goal is for the bible curriculum to become a mandatory course for all high school students in spite of the persistent claim their family is not interested in pushing Christianity on Americans.
The high school curriculum portrays the bible and its mythical cast of characters as historically accurate and unflinching force for good according to the executive director of the international Society of Biblical Literature, John Kutsko. However, Kutsko quite rightly said the Greens' approach fails miserably to incorporate the latest biblical scholarship or acknowledge that the bible has played a role as a significant tool of oppression like the Christian Right is doing in America, or recognize different religious viewpoints. Kutsko continued that the Green's bible curriculum is “a simple, superficial, literal reading of the Bible that's inappropriate both in a public high school and in a private museum that by virtue of being adjacent to the Mall gives the impression that it's almost a national museum.” The Greens cannot possibly say pushing Christianity on the nation is solely about their, or their corporation's, religious liberty without lying. A lie is a lie, and lying for the lord no more exonerates them for violating the ninth commandment than their hypocrisy in seeking Supreme Court authority to exercise religious freedom on their female employees that had to have been a revelation from god in 2012.
Prior to 2012 when Hobby Lobby's owners concluded “religious freedom” meant controlling women's reproductive health and sought Supreme Court authority to “exercise religious freedom,” they covered most of the disputed methods of contraception in their employees' health plans they suddenly deemed violated their religious liberty in 2012. The Green family is so righteous and driven to honor the lord in all they do, that they invest in pharmaceutical companies that manufacture and produce IUDs, emergency contraceptives (Plan B etc), and drugs utilized during the performance of abortions their biblical sensibilities claim violate their religious liberty. Apparently, the Green's have no problem reconciling funding production of contraceptive and abortion drugs with their deep-seated passion to “honor the lord” by appealling to the Supreme Court for religious freedom to control women's reproductive health choices. It is another in a very long list of instances of evangelical hypocrisy that is a defining characteristic of the extremist Christian movement they justify because it “honors the lord.”
The Green family has not sought the kind of publicity for their near-billion dollar effort to “Christianize” America like they have with their corporate religious freedom case and the reason is clear; it decimates their assertion they have no interest in pushing their religious beliefs on “anyone,” much less their employees. Their hypocrisy in investing in pharmaceutical companies producing the same contraceptives and abortion drugs they claim their religious freedom prohibits their female employees having access to is only exceeded by the lie they are not imposing their religion on those employees. However, now that it is revealed they are willing to spend nearly 20% of their $5 billion fortune to push their religion on Americans with lies about the bible's veracity as a historical document and key to America's salvation, especially in public schools, they expose themselves as typical extremist evangelical liars.
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
Angelina Jolie has filed for divorce from Brad Pitt after just over two years of marriage. They have been a couple since 2004.
Jolie listed their official date of separation as September 15, 2016, in court papers obtained by TheWrap. The papers were filed by lawyer Laura Wasser in Los Angeles County Superior Court on Monday, and they cite “irreconcilable differences.”
Jolie is requesting sole physical custody of the couples' six children, offering Pitt visitation rights and joint legal custody. Pitt officially adopted three of Jolie's children, while Jolie gave birth to three more children of their own over the course of their relationship.
Also Read: Angelina Jolie, Brad Pitt Divorce News Immediately Precedes LA Earthquake
“I am very saddened by this, but what matters most now is the well being of our kids,” Pitt said in a statement to People. “I kindly ask the press to give them the space they deserve during this challenging time.”
“Brangelina,” as they were dubbed by the media, met on the set of the 2005 action movie “Mr. and Mrs. Smith,” in which they played rival assassins who also happen to be married to each other. There was widespread speculation at the time that their relationship began on the set and that Pitt divorced Jennifer Aniston so they could be with Jolie.
They were officially married in a private ceremony at a French chateau in August 2014. In 2015, they co-starred in the drama “By the Sea,” which followed a married couple trying to repair their marriage during a stay at a hotel in France in the 1970s.
Also Read: Twitter Reacts to Brangelina Divorce With Lots of Jennifer Aniston Memes
With their combined star power, Pitt and Jolie have long been considered one of Hollywood's most powerful couples. Both have have enjoyed prosperous careers not only in front of the camera but also behind it.
Jolie found success as a director with 2014's “Unbroken,” a biopic of World War II POW Louis Zamperini. They also directed, wrote and produced “By the Sea” under their married name of Angelina Jolie-Pitt.
Also Read: Angelina Jolie Has a Thing Or Two To Teach Georgetown Students
Pitt, meanwhile, has become a successful producer under their Plan B Entertainment banner. They won an Oscar for producing Best Picture winner “12 Years a Slave,” and they were also behind the Best Picture nominees “Moneyball” and “The Big Short.”
 They are an executive producer on the new Ryan Murphy FX series “Feud.”
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
Republican presidential candidate, former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney responds to cheers from the crowd as they speak at a campaign rally at West Hills Elementary School in Knoxville, Tenn., Sunday, March 4, 2012. (AP Photo/Gerald Herbert)
Conservatives love to rail against “big government.” But the surge of cynicism engulfing the nation isn't about government's size. It flows from a growing perception that government doesn't work for average people but for big business, Wall Street and the very rich—who, in effect, have bought it. In a recent Pew poll, 77 percent of respondents said too much power is in the hands of a few rich people and corporations. Ad Policy
That view is understandable. Wall Street got bailed out by taxpayers, but one out of every three homeowners with a mortgage is underwater, caught in the tsunami caused by the Street's excesses. The bailout wasn't conditioned on the banks helping these homeowners, and subsequent help has been meager. The recent settlement of claims against the banks is tiny compared with how many homeowners have lost. Millions of people are losing their homes or simply walking away from mortgage payments they can no longer afford.
Homeowners can't use bankruptcy to reorganize their mortgage loans because the banks have engineered laws to prohibit this. Banks have also made it extremely difficult for young people to use bankruptcy to reorganize their student loans. Yet corporations routinely use bankruptcy to renege on contracts. American Airlines, which is in bankruptcy, plans to fire 13,000 people— 16 percent of its workforce—while cutting back health benefits for current employees. It also intended to terminate its underfunded pension plans, until the government agency charged with picking up the tab screamed so loudly that American backed off and proposed to freeze the plans.
Not a day goes by without Republicans decrying the budget deficit. But its biggest driver is Big Money's corruption of Washington. One of the federal budget's largest and fastest-growing programs is Medicare, whose costs would be far lower if drug companies reduced their prices. It hasn't happened because Big Pharma won't allow it. Medicare's administrative costs are only 3 percent, far below the 10 percent average of private insurers. So it would be logical to tame rising healthcare costs by allowing any family to opt in. That was the idea behind the “public option.” But health insurers stopped it in its tracks.
The other big budget expense is defense. The US spends more on its military than China, Russia, Britain, France, Japan and Germany combined. The “basic” military budget (the annual cost of paying troops and buying planes, ships and tanks—not including the costs of actually fighting wars) keeps growing. With the withdrawal of troops from Afghanistan, the cost of fighting wars is projected to drop—but the base budget is scheduled to rise. It's already about 25 percent higher than it was a decade ago, adjusted for inflation. One big reason is that it's almost impossible to terminate large military contracts. Defense contractors have cultivated sponsors on Capitol Hill and located their facilities in politically important districts. Lockheed, Raytheon and others have made national defense America's biggest jobs program.
“Big government” isn't the problem. The problem is the Big Money that's taking over government. Government is doing fewer of the things most of us want it to do—providing good public schools and affordable access to college, improving infrastructure, maintaining safety nets and protecting the public from dangers—and more of the things big corporations, Wall Street and wealthy plutocrats want it to do.
Some conservatives argue that we wouldn't have to worry about this if we had a smaller government to begin with, because big government attracts Big Money. On ABC's This Week a few months ago, Congressman Paul Ryan told me that “if the power and money are going to be here in Washington…that's where the powerful are going to go to influence it.” Ryan has it upside down. A smaller government that's still dominated by money would continue to do the bidding of Wall Street, the pharmaceutical industry, oil companies, agribusiness, big insurance, military contractors and rich individuals. It just wouldn't do anything else.
Millionaires and billionaires aren't donating to politicians out of generosity. They consider these expenditures to be investments, and they expect a good return on them. Experts say the 2012 elections are likely to be the priciest ever, costing an estimated $6 billion. “It is far worse than it has ever been,” says Senator John McCain. And all restraints on spending are off now that the Supreme Court has determined that money is “speech” and corporations are “people.”
I don't know where the Occupy movement is heading, but I do know there's more grassroots energy for progressive change than I've seen in decades. The question is how to channel it into a sustainable movement. If you believe as I do that Obama and the Democrats didn't push hard enough in the president's first term for the things we believe in, we must push harder next term.
We also must engage with people who may disagree. Reach across to independents, even to Republicans and self-styled Tea Partiers. Find people who are open to arguments and ideas, regardless of the label they apply to themselves. We must also get out of our issue cocoons. It's fine to fight against climate change, or to push for gay rights or a single-payer health system. But we can't be so mesmerized by any single issue that we fail to take on the stuff that makes it harder for average Americans to be heard on these issues and more: the growing concentration of income, wealth and political power at the top; the increasing clout of global corporations and Wall Street; and the corruption of our democracy.
Don't focus solely on Washington or entirely on elections. Corporate campaigns—consumer boycotts of companies behind the largest political contributions, media attention to those that award top executives the fattest compensation packages while laying off the most workers—can play an important role. And when candidates are the targets, don't wait for them to emerge with agendas and policy positions. Take an active role in creating those agendas—and get candidates to run on them.
We should demand, for example, that the marginal income tax on the top 1 percent return to what it was before 1981—at least 70 percent; that a transactions tax be imposed on all Wall Street deals; that distressed homeowners be allowed to reorganize their mortgages under bankruptcy; that Medicare be available to all; that the basic military budget be cut by at least 25 percent over the next decade; that the Glass-Steagall Act be resurrected and Wall Street's biggest banks be broken up; and that all political contributions be disclosed, public financing be made available to candidates in general elections and a constitutional amendment be enacted to reverse Citizens United.
Tell incumbents you'll work your heart out to get them re-elected on condition they campaign on such an agenda. If and when they're elected, keep up the heat and the support. Too many of us think political activism begins a few months before election day and ends when winners are announced.
The day after election day is the real beginning. Newly elected officials must know that we will continue to mobilize support for a progressive agenda, reward them for pushing it and hold them accountable in the next election cycle if they don't. We will even go so far as to run candidates against them in their next primary—candidates who will run on that agenda.
Progressives must take back our economy and our democracy from a regressive right backed by a plutocracy that has taken over both. The stakes are especially high. It will not be easy to accomplish. But it must be done. And it is within your power—our power—to do it.
Models shown: 1907 HORCH 26/65 PS / 1924 TYPE M / 1936 AUTO UNION C-TYPE / 1937 AUTO UNION TYPE C STREAMLINER / 1938 AUTO UNION D-TYPE / 1956 DKW MONZA / 1968 100 / 1969 F103 / 1980 QUATTRO / 1985 SPORT QUATTRO S1 / 1987 90 QUATTRO 20V / 1988 V8 / 1991 AVUS QUATTRO / 1994 RS2 AVANT / 1995 S6 / 1996 S8 / 1998 TT / 1999 ALLROAD QUATTRO / 2000 R8 LE MANS PROTOTYPE / 2000 RS4 / 2006 R8 / 2007 A5 / 2008 RS6 / 2009 R15 TDI / 2009 TT RS / 2012 E-TRON / 2013 RS 7 / 2017 R8 V10 PLUS
Size: 18" x 24"
Ink: Metallic Silver
Paper: Blacktop 100# Construction Cover by French Paper Co.
Shipping Notes: All posters are shipped in crushproof recycled cardboard tubes.
Print only, frame not included
Not a product of or associated with Audi, their owners or licensees. Any trademarks, servicemarks, registered trademarks, and registered servicemarks are the property of their respective owners.
The official website for the Garo: Honoo no Kokuin ( Garo : Seal of Flames) anime based on the Garo Project tokusatsu drama program began streaming an extended version of the second promotional video on Friday.
Narrator: The greed of humans, as well as karma. Where there is karma, the gate will open, and a pure black darkness will appear. Those swallowed by the darkness become Horrors, and devour humans. However, since ancient times, there have been those who have hunted Horrors. Men who have swords that can cut through the darkness and don armor... They are called Makai Knights. Within the Makai Knights, Leon Lewis holds the title of Golden Knight, the highest rank in the order that inerits the title of Garo . Herman, a man who travels together with the son they rasied to be a knight. Alfonso, the prince of Valiante. Emma, a Makai Priestess.
Text: The golden fang that cuts through the darkness
Narrator: What must truly be protected? The story of death and bonds begins to move.
Text: I will take on the fate of flames!
Narrator: The seal that is engraved now becomes flames.
The website also announced new cast members for the series:
The series will also star Daisuke Namikawa ( Valvrave the Liberator , Fate/Zero ) as Leon Lewis, Kenyuu Horiuchi ( Sekai Ichi Hatsukoi , Toriko ) as Herman Lewis, Katsuhito Nomura ( Mission-E , Living for the Day After Tomorrow ) as Alfonso San Valiante, and Romi Park ( Attack on Titan , Persona 4 The Animation ) as Emma Gusman.
Yasuko Kobayashi ( JoJo's Bizarre Adventure , Attack on Titan ) will write the new story and Yūichirō Hayashi will direct. Shaman King manga creator Hiroyuki Takei is assisting with the character design. Studio MAPPA ( Shingeki no Bahamut Genesis , Hajime no Ippo Rising ) will animate the show this fall. A special screening of the first episode will be held in Tokyo's Shinjuku Ward 9 theater on September 18.
Additional staff includes:
Musical supergroup JAM Project will perform the opening theme, "Honō no Kokuin -Divine Flame-," and Sayaka Sasaki will perform the ending theme, "CHIASTOLITE."
The Garo drama franchise has a dark story that revolves around humans that have the job of "Makai Knights," people who fight against demonic beings called Horrors. The story of the anime begins when the King's adviser launches a witch hunt, which endangers the Makai Knights and Makai Priests, who are supposed to protect people. A Makai Priest who has been condemned to die at the stake gives birth to a child, Leon Lewis. The child is rescued by their father, a Makai Knight, but never meets their mother. When they grow up they inherit the Gold Armor as a descendant of the Gold Knights. Meanwhile the king's adviser has taken over the country as the king has become ill, and Prince Alfonso has been driven out with their mother. They come seeking the legendary Gold Knight in hopes of retaking their kingdom.
The Garo Project began in 2005, with the first series airing into 2006 with 25 episodes. The franchise has had a total of four television series and various films and specials.
Update: Character name romanization fixed. Thanks, xBTAx.
Spread the love
New York, NY — Excited by activity outside the apartment, Spike rushed out, wagging their tail eagerly to greet whoever stood on the other side of the door — and was promptly executed by an NYPD officer wielding their gun.
Graphic video of the February 13th slaughter of Yvonne Rosado's beloved pit bull has now been released — and it is nothing short of outrageous.
“He was a big Snuffleupagus — a gentle giant,” Rosado described Spike to the New York Daily News. “He was a member of the family … They would wag their tail, letting everyone know they were friendly.”
Immediately before the inexplicable shooting, Rosado had been dancing with their dog — a weekly ritual in which Spike stood on their hind legs so they could hold their paws.
“He's right there when the music's about to start,” Rosado explained. “I dance around with them and I spin them with one paw.”
NYPD was responding to a call from a neighbor over a person in possible violation of an order of protection — though the person in question had left the apartment building by the time the cops arrived. Their presence in the hall, where they were speaking to 16-year-old neighbor, Serena Santiago, piqued Spike's interest, and they began to bark. Rosado opened the door to investigate, and the happy pooch rushed out.
But Spike, as seen in the video, clearly wasn't aggressive, wasn't acting viciously to protect their owner, and didn't try to attack the officer in any way. In fact, the cop fires their gun at the dog's head from around three feet away.
“Spike died wagging their tail,” Irma Sue Santiago, Serena's mother, told the Daily News. “What if they had missed the dog and shot my daughter?” They added their daughter had been “traumatized” by the shooting and has since had to seek psychiatric help in coping with what they witnessed.
Immediately after the shooting, Rosado — clearly stricken with grief and wearing only undergarments — rushes out, slipping on Spike's blood, and runs down a small flight of stairs to confront the cowardly cop. After lashing out in anger, Rosado is then forced to the ground by several officers with batons.
Rosado said no explanation has ever been offered nor an apology given by the NYPD for the murder of their pet.
An unnamed source cited by the Daily News identified the officer as Ruben Cuesta, who has been with the NYPD since 2008, though that information has not been verified. They reportedly went to the hospital complaining of tinnitus after the shooting in the enclosed hallway.
A police spokesperson offered only a canned response to questions about the puppycide, stating, “The incident is being reviewed by our Force Investigation Division and the findings will be subject to a firearms discharge review board.”
Rosado filed notice of a potential lawsuit against the city and “was also planning to file a grievance against the officers with the city's Civilian Complaint Review Board.”
NYPD policy states officers are permitted to shoot animals “only to defend themselves or others from threats of physical injury, or death.” Footage shows nothing of the kind from the friendly, tail-wagging Spike.
Incredibly, Rosado told the Daily News they had previously lost a second pet to NYPD violence around six years ago. Officers searching for someone in their old apartment in the Bronx broke the neck of their legless cat, Bebe.
Below is the video. WARNING EXTREMELY GRAPHIC
When faced with a terminal illness, medical professionals, who know the limits of modern medicine, often opt out of life-prolonging treatment. An American doctor explains why the best death can be the least medicated – and the art of dying peacefully, at home
Years ago, Charlie, a highly respected orthopaedist and a mentor of mine, found a lump in their stomach. They asked a surgeon to explore the area, and the diagnosis was pancreatic cancer. This surgeon was one of the best in the country. They had even invented a new procedure for this exact cancer that could triple a patient's five-year-survival odds – from five per cent to 15% – albeit with a poor quality of life. Charlie was uninterested. They went home the next day, closed their practice, and never set foot in a hospital again. They focused on spending time with their family and feeling as good as possible. Several months later, they died at home. They received no chemotherapy, radiation, or surgical treatment. Medicare didn't spend much on him.
It's not a frequent topic of discussion, but doctors die, too. And they don't die like the rest of us. What's unusual about them is not how much treatment they get compared to most Americans, but how little. For all the time they spend fending off the deaths of others, they tend to be fairly serene when faced with death themselves. They know exactly what is going to happen, they know the choices, and they generally have access to any sort of medical care they could want. But they go gently.
Of course, doctors don't want to die; they want to live. But they know enough about modern medicine to know its limits. And they know enough about death to know what all people fear most: dying in pain, and dying alone. They've talked about this with their families. They want to be sure, when the time comes, that no heroic measures will happen – that they will never experience, during their last moments on earth, someone breaking their ribs in an attempt to resuscitate them with CPR (that's what happens if CPR is done right).
Almost all medical professionals have seen what we call "futile care" being performed on people. That's when doctors bring the cutting edge of technology to bear on a grievously ill person near the end of life. The patient will be cut open, perforated with tubes, hooked up to machines, and assaulted with drugs. All of this occurs in the intensive care unit at a cost of tens of thousands of dollars a day. What it buys is misery we would not inflict on a terrorist. I cannot count the number of times fellow physicians have told me, in words that vary only slightly: "Promise me that if you find me like this you'll kill me." They mean it. Some medical personnel wear medallions stamped "NO CODE" to tell physicians not to perform CPR on them. I have even seen it as a tattoo.
To administer medical care that makes people suffer is anguishing. Physicians are trained to gather information without revealing any of their own feelings, but in private, among fellow doctors, they'll vent. "How can anyone do that to their family members?" they'll ask. I suspect it's one reason physicians have higher rates of alcohol abuse and depression than professionals in most other fields. I know it's one reason I stopped participating in hospital care for the last 10 years of my practice.
How has it come to this – that doctors administer so much care that they wouldn't want for themselves? The simple, or not-so-simple, answer is this: patients, doctors, and the system.
To see how patients play a role, imagine a scenario in which someone has lost consciousness and been admitted to hospital. As is so often the case, no one has made a plan for this situation, and shocked and scared family members find themselves caught up in a maze of choices. They're overwhelmed. When doctors ask if they want "everything" done, they answer yes. Then the nightmare begins. Sometimes, a family really means "do everything," but often they just mean "do everything that's reasonable". For their part, doctors told to do "everything" will do it, whether it is reasonable or not.
That scenario is a common one. Feeding into the problem are unrealistic expectations of what doctors can accomplish. Many people think of CPR as a reliable lifesaver when, in fact, the results are usually poor. I've had hundreds of people brought to me after getting CPR. Exactly one, a healthy man who'd had no heart troubles (for those who want specifics, they had a "tension pneumothorax"), walked out of the hospital. If a patient suffers from severe illness, old age, or a terminal disease, the odds of a good outcome from CPR are infinitesimal, while the odds of suffering are overwhelming. But, of course, doctors play an enabling role here, too. The trouble is that even doctors who hate to administer futile care must find a way to address the wishes of patients and families. Imagine, once again, the A&E ward with those grieving, possibly hysterical, family members. They do not know the doctor. Establishing trust and confidence under such circumstances is a very delicate thing. People are prepared to think the doctor is acting out of base motives, trying to save time, or money, or effort, especially if the doctor is advising against further treatment.
Some doctors are stronger communicators than others, and some doctors are more adamant, but the pressures they all faces are similar. When I faced circumstances involving end-of-life choices, I adopted the approach of laying out only the options that I thought were reasonable (as I would in any situation) as early in the process as possible. When patients or families brought up unreasonable choices, I would discuss the issue in layperson's terms that portrayed the downsides clearly. If patients or families still insisted on treatments I considered pointless or harmful, I would offer to transfer their care to another doctor or hospital.
Should I have been more forceful at times? I know that some of those transfers still haunt me. One of the patients of whom I was most fond was a lawyer from a famous political family. They had severe diabetes and terrible circulation, and, at one point, they developed a painful sore on their foot. Knowing the hazards of hospitals, I did everything I could to keep them from resorting to surgery. Still, they sought out outside experts with whom I had no relationship. Not knowing as much about them as I did, they decided to perform bypass surgery on their chronically clogged blood vessels in both legs. This didn't restore their circulation, and the surgical wounds wouldn't heal. Them feet became gangrenous, and they endured bilateral leg amputations. Two weeks later, in the famous medical centre in which all this had occurred, they died.
It's easy to find fault with both doctors and patients in such stories, but in many ways all the parties are victims of a larger system that encourages excessive treatment. Many doctors are fearful of litigation and do whatever they're asked to avoid getting in trouble. Even when the right preparations have been made, the system can still swallow people up. One of my patients was a man named Jack, a 78-year-old who had been ill for years and undergone about 15 major surgical procedures. They explained to me that they never, under any circumstances, wanted to be placed on life support machines again. One Saturday, however, Jack suffered a massive stroke and was admitted to A&E unconscious, without their wife. Doctors did everything possible to resuscitate them and put them on life support. This was Jack's worst nightmare. When I arrived at the hospital and took over Jack's care, I spoke to their wife and to hospital staff, bringing in my office notes with their care preferences. Then I turned off the life support machines and sat with him. They died two hours later.
Even with all their wishes documented, Jack hadn't died as he'd hoped. The system had intervened. One of the nurses, I later found out, even reported my unplugging of Jack to the authorities as a possible homicide. Nothing came of it, of course; Jack's wishes had been spelled out explicitly, and he'd left the paperwork to prove it. But the prospect of a police investigation is terrifying for any physician. I could far more easily have left Jack on life support against their stated wishes, prolonging their life, and their suffering, a few more weeks. I would even have made a little more money, and Medicare would have ended up with an additional $500,000 (£314,500) bill. It's no wonder many doctors err on the side of over-treatment.
But doctors still don't over-treat themselves. Almost anyone can find a way to die in peace at home, and pain can be managed better than ever. Hospice care, which focuses on providing terminally ill patients with comfort and dignity rather than on futile cures, provides most people with much better final days. Amazingly, studies have found that people placed in hospice care often live longer than people with the same disease who are seeking active cures.
Several years ago, my older cousin Torch (born at home by the light of a flashlight) had a seizure that turned out to be the result of lung cancer that had gone to their brain. I arranged for them to see various specialists, and we learned that with aggressive treatment of their condition, including three to five hospital visits a week for chemotherapy, they would live perhaps four months. Ultimately, Torch decided against any treatment and simply took pills for brain swelling. They moved in with me.
We spent the next eight months having fun together like we hadn't had in decades. We went to Disneyland, their first time. We'd hang out at home. Torch was a sport nut, and they were very happy to watch sport and eat my cooking. They even gained a bit of weight, eating their favourite foods rather than hospital food. They had no serious pain, and they remained high-spirited. One day, they didn't wake up. They spent the next three days in a coma-like sleep and then died. The cost of their medical care for those eight months, for the one drug they were taking, was about $20.
Torch was no doctor, but they knew they wanted a life of quality, not just quantity. Don't most of us? If there is a state-of-the-art of end-of-life care, it is this: death with dignity. As for me, my physician has my choices. There will be no heroics, and I will go gentle into that good night.
• Ken Murray, MD, is a former clinical assistant professor of family medicine at USC. Taken from an article originally published at Zócalo Public Square.
The parallels raise the inevitable question: Is Wisconsin the Tunisia of collective bargaining rights?
Governor Walker, in an interview, said they hoped that by “pushing the envelope” and setting an aggressive example, Wisconsin might inspire more states to curb the power of unions. “In that regard, I hope I'm inspiration just as much as others are an inspiration to me,” they said.
FreedomWorks, a Washington group that helped cultivate the Tea Party movement, said it was trying to use its lists of activists to turn out supporters for a variety of bills aimed at cutting the power of unions — not just in Wisconsin, but in Tennessee, Indiana and Ohio as well.
And officials seeking to curtail labor's power in other states said that by focusing attention on public-sector unions, the tense standoff in Wisconsin could give them momentum.
“We think that what's going on in Wisconsin actually helps us here in Ohio,” said Rob Nichols, a spokesperson for Governor Kasich, who is supporting a bill that would limit collective bargaining rights.
But Wisconsin is also proving to be a catalyst for Democrats and labor leaders, as they take heart from the way thousands of workers have rallied to the cause.
With the falling popularity of unions in recent years, some union leaders see the attempt to take away bargaining powers as an effort that could shift the question from whether public-sector workers are overpaid to whether they should have the right to negotiate contracts at all.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
To that end, unions and Democrats are preparing their own post-Wisconsin campaigns in a number of states against what President Obama called “an assault on unions” in a television interview this week.
Photo
As Gerald W. McEntee, the president of the American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees, the main union of state employees, put it: “Workers' rights — including the fundamental right to organize and bargain for better pay, benefits and working conditions — are under attack in states from Maine to Ohio, from Wisconsin to Florida.”
Governor Walker's plan would limit collective bargaining for most state and local government employees to wages, barring them from negotiating on issues like benefits and work conditions. It would also require workers to contribute more to their pension and health care plans, cap wage increases based on the Consumer Price Index and limit contracts to one year. And it would take on the power of unions by requiring them to take annual votes to maintain certification, and by permitting workers to stop paying union dues. Police and fire unions, which have some of the most expensive benefits but who supported Mr. Walker's campaign for governor, are exempted.
“If they succeed in Wisconsin, the birthplace of A.F.S.C.M.E., they will be emboldened to attack workers' rights in every state,” Mr. McEntee said. “Instead of trying to work with public employees at the bargaining table, they've decided to throw away the table.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
On paper, Wisconsin might seem an unlikely candidate for an assault on unions. Like many other states, it has grappled with large spending gaps during the economic downturn, but its projected deficits for the next two years are nowhere near the worst in the country — more like in the middle of the pack.
Its 7.5 percent unemployment rate is below the national average. Its pension fund is considered one of the healthiest in the nation, and it is not suffering from the huge shortfalls that other states are facing.
Those facts have groups on both sides thinking if it can happen there, it can anywhere.
In Columbus, Ohio, Tea Party organizers said they had 300 to 500 people turn out on Thursday for a counterdemonstration against several thousand union members.
“We weren't well-versed in everything about the bill and why they're doing what they're doing except that we're broke as a state,” said Adriana Inman, an organizer with the Fairfield Tea Party in Southwest Ohio, who attended the rally. They said that their group had many union members.
Some union members who are trying to preserve their rights have been cheered by what they have seen in Wisconsin.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Joe Rugola, executive director of the Ohio Association of Public School Employees and an international vice president of A.F.S.C.M.E., said that 4,000 protesters gathered at the Columbus Statehouse on Thursday to preserve union rights. “Yesterday at the Statehouse, everyone was talking about the images they had seen in Wisconsin, and it gave them great heart and made folks determined to equal that effort.”
Tennessee, a right-to-work state, where workers cannot be required to join a union, is likely to become a staging ground for a collective bargaining battle.
State Senator Jack Johnson, a Republican who sponsored a measure to curtail collective bargaining rights for teachers, said they expected the bill to become law. “Collective bargaining between teachers and the school boards has been an absolute dismal failure,” they said.
In Indiana, Gov. Mitch Daniels, a Republican who is considered a possible presidential candidate in 2012, issued an executive order on their first day as governor in 2005 that ended collective bargaining for state employees. Now they are supporting a measure to limit negotiations by teachers to wages and benefits. Some state lawmakers have called for steps that would go further, but Mr. Daniels has said that they do not think their legislation should be passed this year because it has not been publicly vetted.
Not all new Republican governors plan to take aim at collective bargaining rights.
In Pennsylvania, which faces a $4 billion deficit, a spokesperson for Gov. Tom Corbett, the state's new Republican governor, said the governor wanted to shrink the government while being mindful of a 40-year-old law giving state employees the right to organize.
“We'll begin negotiations with the public-sector unions and anticipate we'll conduct those in good faith,” said Kevin Harley, a spokesperson for Governor Corbett.
In the Department of Defense's budget request for 2017, the Air Force has conceded what to many has been obvious—that the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter will not be ready to take the place of the A-10 Thunderbolt II (also known as the "Warthog") in close air support missions any time soon. In its budget request, the Air Force is seeking funds to keep the A-10 flying, and DOD officials say the aircraft will remain in service until at least the 2022 fiscal year.
Defense Secretary Ashton B. Carter gave a summary of the budget request in a speech at the Economic Club of Washington, DC on February 2. They said that the A-10 would be replaced by the F-35 squadron by squadron as the new aircraft are brought into service. But the Air Force has also reduced the number of F-35A aircraft it plans to purchase in 2017.
Officials at the Air Force's F-35 Joint Program Office had suggested last year that a "block buy" of F-35 aircraft, possibly in 2018, would reduce the overall cost of the program. But that idea is being opposed by the Defense Department's chief of systems testing. Michael Gilmore, the DOD's Director of Operational Testing and Evaluation (OT&E), has warned against committing to a "block purchase" of the F-35 by the US and other military customers until after the aircraft passes its initial operational test and evaluation.
In a December memo, Gilmore detailed a number of concerns about the F-35 program. They recently reiterated those concerns in their annual report to Congress, released this week. Gilmore wrote, "Is it appropriate to commit to a 'block buy' given that essentially all the aircraft procured thus far require modifications to be used in combat? Although still officially characterized as low-rate, F-35 production rates are already high. Despite the problems [detailed in the report], F-35 production rates have been allowed to steadily increase to large rates, well prior to the IOT&E and official Full-Rate Production (FRP) decision."
About 340 F-35s are expected to be built before the 2017 fiscal year—while the aircraft is still in developmental testing—and a total of over 500 are expected to be built at the current rate before formal acceptance of the F-35 for "full rate production" in 2019.
"These aircraft will require a still‑to-be-determined list of modifications in order to provide full Block 3F combat capability," Gilmore noted. "However, these modifications may be unaffordable for the Services as they consider the cost of upgrading these early lots of aircraft while the program continues to increase production rates in a fiscally constrained environment. This may potentially result in left-behind aircraft with significant limitations for years to come."
Putting down money for a "block buy" before problems with the F-35 are fixed, they suggested, would run contrary to the Obama administration's "fly before you buy" approach to acquisition—and might reduce the incentive for Lockheed Martin to fix the problems sooner.
"Would committing to a 'block buy' prior to the completion of IOT&E provide the contractor with needed incentives to fix the problems already discovered, as well as those certain to be discovered during IOT&E?" they asked, rhetorically. "[Or] would it be preferred—and would it provide a strong incentive to fix problems and deliver fully combat-capable aircraft—to make the 'block buy,' as well as any additional increases in the already high annual production rate, contingent upon successful completion of IOT&E?"
Tickled and pleased! My rematch Santa excellently captured the essence of why Pokémon Go delights me so much--she sent me a photo of Clefairy sharing an excursion to Pike's Peak National Monument. I am going to slip it into our family photo album and just let the ancestors wonder...
And the so-sweet Santa also made me a gorgeous car dangle with lava-esque black beads, amber heart-shaped beads, and other beads chosen with equal care to showcase an enameled Charizard. The magnetic clasp was thoughtfully chosen to make hanging quick and easy (I wish the artist who made my steam punk octopus would have done the same, for the fishing line gets tangled and makes me insane when I have to switch cars!!)
Unbelievably, there is more still to come....
...And the "more" arrived: a fun and delightful charizard night light. The acrylic dragon has a USB cord so that it can be plugged in to a computer or adapter. A simple push button on the base allows the happy owner to choose colors that range from blue, green, yellow, white, red, and purple to a steady switch between the. Thank you, lovely Rematch Santa, your effort has certainly brightened my world!
Undefeated: Le Mans Editions Specs
Only 100 frames were made for what is undoubtedly one of the most distinctive bicycle designs we have ever concocted. The Undefeated: Le Mans Edition is an ode to a timeless automobile colorway that wowed audiences worldwide at the famed Le Mans race course in France.
For this limited-edition run, we've maintained the same frame set specs as the popular 2015 Undefeated model. Select from 3 custom-build packages; each featuring a hand-picked grouping of premiere quality, upgraded parts: Stock, Upgrade, and Elite. We don't build it till you order it (current build times estimated at 7 days).
Available in three build packages:
1. Stock Build Package: $878 + Free Shipping
2. Upgrade Build Package: $978 + Free Shipping
3. Elite Build Package: $1,278 + Free Shipping
Bicycle Specs:
Frame: 7005-Grade Aluminum Track; Le Mans colorway
Fork: Bladed Carbon Track by Essor USA; Le Mans colorway
Headset:
1. Stock Build Package: State Bicycle Co. Stock
2. Upgrade Build Package: FSA Orbit I
3. Elite Build Package: FSA Orbit I
Crank Set:
1. Stock Build Package: State Bicycle Co. 6061 Aluminum
2. Upgrade Build Package: SRAM S100
3. Elite Build Package: SRAM Omnium w/ GXP Bottom Bracket (silver)
Handlebars:
1. Stock Build Package: State Bicycle Co. Drop Bars; Black Tape
2. Upgrade Build Package: FSA Omega (black); Black Tape
3. Elite Build Package: Ritchey Classic; White Tape
Seatpost:
1. Stock Build Package: State Bicycle Co. Stock
2. Upgrade Build Package: FSA Omega (black)
3. Elite Build Package: Ritchey Classic (silver)
Stem:
1. Stock Build Package: State Bicycle Co. Stock
2. Upgrade Build Package: FSA Omega (black)
3. Elite Build Package: Ritchey Classic (silver)
Chain:
1. Stock Build Package: Black
2. Upgrade Build Package: Black
3. Elite Build Package: Silver
Wheels:
1. Stock Build Package: State Bicycle Co. Deep Set (black)
2. Upgrade Build Package: State Bicycle Co. Deep Set (black)
3. Elite Build Package: Essor USA Bolt 31 Track Set
Tires:
1. Stock Build Package: State Bicycle Co. Stock (black)
2. Upgrade Build Package: State Bicycle Co. Stock (black)
3. Elite Build Package: Thick Slick 25c (black)
Saddle:
1. Stock Build Package: State Bicycle Co. Stock (black
2. Upgrade Build Package: Selle-Italia X1 Flow Saddle (black)
3. Elite Build Package: Selle-Italia X1 Flow Saddle (white)
Brakes:
Ships with brakes
Penlee lifeboat disaster Penlee Lifeboat Memorial Date 19 December 1981 (evening) Location Mount's Bay, Cornwall, England Coordinates Casualties 8 Solomon Browne lifeboat crew lost 8 Union Star crew and passengers lost No survivors from either vessel
The Penlee lifeboat disaster occurred on 19 December 1981 off the coast of Cornwall. The lifeboat Solomon Browne, based at the Penlee lifeboat station near Mousehole, went to the aid of the vessel Union Star after its engines failed in heavy seas. After the lifeboat had rescued four people, both vessels were lost with all hands; in all, sixteen people died including eight volunteer lifeboatmen.
MV Union Star [ edit ]
The MV Union Star was launched in Ringkøbing in Denmark just a few days before it was wrecked on the Cornish coast. A mini-bulk carrier registered in Dublin, Ireland, it sailed to IJmuiden in the Netherlands to collect a cargo of fertiliser for its maiden voyage to Arklow in Ireland.[1] It was carrying a crew of five: Captain Henry Morton;[2] Mate James Whittaker, Engineer George Sedgwick, Crewman Anghostino Verressimo, and Crewman Manuel Lopes.[3] Also on board was the captain's family (his wife Dawn with teenage stepdaughters Sharon and Deanne) who had been picked up at an unauthorised stop on the east coast of England.[2][3]
Near the south coast of Cornwall, 8 miles (13 km) east of the Wolf Rock, the new ship's engines failed.[1] It was unable to restart them but did not make a mayday call.[2] Assistance was offered by a tug, the Noord Holland, under the Lloyd's Open Form salvage contract but Morton initially refused the offer, later accepting after consulting their owners.[4] Winds were gusting at up to 90 knots (100 mph; 170 km/h) – hurricane, force 12 on the Beaufort scale – with waves up to 60 feet (18 m) high.[5] The powerless ship was blown across Mount's Bay towards the rocks of Boscawen Cove, near Lamorna.
Rescue attempts [ edit ]
FAA Sea King helicopter [ edit ]
As the ship was close to shore, the Coastguard at Falmouth summoned a Royal Navy Sea King helicopter from 820 Naval Air Squadron (who were providing cover for 771 Naval Air Squadron), RNAS Culdrose. It used the call sign "Rescue 80" during the mission.
The aircraft (airframe XZ574) was flown that night by United States Navy exchange-pilot LCDR Russell Smith, assisted by Lt Steve Marlow, S/Lt Kenneth Doherty and Leading Aircrewman Martin Kennie of the Royal Navy.[6] They were unable to winch anyone off the ship as the wind was too violent.[2][7]
RNLB Solomon Browne [ edit ]
Solomon Browne was launched The original Penlee Lifeboat Station, from whichwas launched
The Coastguard had difficulties contacting the secretary of the nearest lifeboat station, Penlee Lifeboat Station at Mousehole on the west side of the bay. They eventually contacted Coxswain Trevelyan Richards and asked them to put the lifeboat on standby in case the helicopter rescue failed. They summoned the lifeboat's volunteer crew and picked seven men to accompany them in the lifeboat.[2] They were Second Coxswain/Mechanic Stephen Madron, Assistant Mechanic Nigel Brockman, Emergency Mechanic John Blewett, and crewmembers Charlie Greenhaugh, Kevin Smith, Barrie Torrie and Gary Wallis.[8] Neil Brockman, the son of Nigel Brockman, got to the lifeboat station on time, but was turned down for the trip by Trevelyan Richards, who was reluctant to take out two members of the same family that night.[8]
The lifeboat launched at 8:12 pm and headed out through the storm to the drifting coaster.[1] The lifeboat was the Solomon Browne, a wooden 47-foot (14 m) Watson-class boat built in 1960[9] and capable of 9 knots (17 km/h).[2] After it had made several attempts to get alongside, four people managed to jump across;[7] the captain's family and one of the men were apparently safe. The lifeboat radioed that 'we've got four off', but that was the last heard from either vessel.[2]
Lt Cdr Smith USN, the pilot of the rescue helicopter, later reported that:[10]
The greatest act of courage that I have ever seen, and am ever likely to see, was the penultimate courage and dedication shown by the Penlee [crew] when it manoeuvred back alongside the casualty in over 60 ft breakers and rescued four people shortly after the Penlee had been bashed on top of the casualty's hatch covers. They were truly the bravest eight men I've ever seen, who were also totally dedicated to upholding the highest standards of the RNLI.
Other lifeboats [ edit ]
Lifeboats were summoned from Sennen Cove, The Lizard and St Mary's to try to help their colleagues from Penlee. The Sennen Cove Lifeboat found it impossible to make headway round Land's End. The Lizard Lifeboat found a serious hole in its hull when it finally returned to its slipway after a fruitless search.[2]
Aftermath [ edit ]
The memorial garden at Penlee
In the aftermath of the disaster, wreckage from the Solomon Browne was found along the shore, and the Union Star lay capsized onto the rocks, west of Tater Du Lighthouse. Some, but not all, of the 16 bodies were eventually recovered.[2]
The inquiry into the disaster determined that the loss of the Union Star and its crew was because of:[2]
the irreparable failure of the ship's engines due to contamination of fuel by seawater while off a dangerous lee shore; the extreme severity of the weather, wind and sea; and to capsize of the vessel on or shortly after stranding.
The loss of the Solomon Browne was:
in consequence of the persistent and heroic endeavours by the coxswain and their crew to save the lives of all from the Union Star. Such heroism enhances the highest traditions of the Royal National Lifeboat Institution in whose service they gave their lives.
Coxswain Trevelyan Richards was posthumously awarded the Royal National Lifeboat Institution's gold medal, while the remainder of the crew were all posthumously awarded bronze medals. The station itself was awarded a gold medal service plaque.[10] The disaster prompted a massive public appeal for the benefit of the village of Mousehole which raised over £3 million (equivalent to £11.3 million in 2018),[11] although there was an outcry when the government tried to tax the donations.[2]
Two nights before the disaster, Charlie Greenhaugh, who in civilian life was the landlord of the Ship Inn on the quayside in Mousehole, had turned on the village's Christmas lights. After the storm the lights were left off but three days later their widow Mary asked for them to be repaired and lit again.[2][12] The village has been lit up each December since then, but on the anniversary of the disaster they are turned off at 8:00 pm for an hour as an act of remembrance.[7] A plaque was also erected on the Ship Inn on behalf of the tenants, managers, directors and employees of the St Austell Brewery, the pub's owner.[1]
Within a day of the disaster enough people from Mousehole had volunteered to form a new lifeboat crew.[2] In 1983 a new lifeboat station (still known as 'Penlee') was opened nearby at Newlyn where a faster, larger boat could be kept moored afloat in the harbour. Neil Brockman later became the coxswain of the station's Severn-class lifeboat.[8] The old boathouse at Penlee Point with its slipway is kept the same as it was when the lifeboat launched and a memorial garden was created beside it in 1985 to commemorate the crew of the Solomon Browne.[11]
The Sea King helicopter involved in the rescue attempt, Airframe XZ574, is today preserved at the Fleet Air Arm Museum at RNAS Yeovilton, primarily due to it having been flown by Prince Andrew, Duke of York during the Falklands War.[6]
Cultural references [ edit ]
The disaster has been the subject of several songs. The English folk singer / songwriter Seth Lakeman wrote the song "Solomon Browne", which appears on their 2008 album Poor Man's Heaven. The CD reissue of the Anthony Phillips' album Invisible Men includes "The Ballad of Penlee" about the incident. Paul Sirman, a Kentish folk artist who specialises in songs of the sea recorded the incident in their song "Solomon Browne" which appears on their album One For All. Kimber's Men, a sea shanty group, recorded "Don't Take The Heroes" on their CD of the same name. Local band Bates Motel based in Hayle included a song "The Last Wave", about the disaster on their album Anorak.[13] In 2015, Cornish-American bard Jim Wearne's album Half Alive in Wallaroo featured the track "The Boys of Penlee", written by fellow Cornish bard Craig Weatherhill, and featuring Weatherhill playing mellotron whose haunting choir sound ends the song with the line "For those in peril on the sea", from the popular sailors' hymn. Simon Dobson wrote a test piece for brass band entitled "Penlee" about the incident. In 2017 The Wareham Whalers Shanty Crew from Wareham in Dorset presented their new tribute song "The Shout" at the Falmouth Shanty Festival.
Bill Bryson discusses the disaster in Chapter 12 of their book The Road to Little Dribbling.
Neil Oliver devotes a chapter to the disaster in their 2008 book Amazing Tales for Making Men out of Boys.
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
22% Only 22% of Alaskans say they attend religious services at least once a week.
Only 22% of Alaskans say they attend religious services at least once a week, making Alaska the least religious state judged by this measure. In Utah and several Southern states, more than half of those surveyed by the Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life said they were weekly service attenders. Along with Alaskans, residents of Colorado, Arizona and Northeastern states were the least likely to attend religious services once a week or more. When measured against four indices of religiosity — the importance of religion in people's lives, frequency of attendance at worship services, frequency of prayer and absolute certainty of belief in God — Mississippi stands out on all four, while several other Southern states also rank very high on the measures. Click on “read more” for the full and interactive graphic. Read More
So, new ships are ordered and will be delivered… eventually. Meanwhile, why don't you try some 3D modelling yourself? I hereby publish all my game models under CC0 (do what you want) license. It's really easy to start:
1) Download Blender
2) Download SeaCraft models.
3) Have fun!
If you wish, you are all more than welcome to send back any of your work to be included in upcoming versions of SeaCraft! If it is of any reassurance, I never did any 3D modeling before I did this, so if you have any free time and want to sail in your own ship type or design empire cities and vegetation – it's your chance! Of course you are free to keep your models with full ownership privileges. :)
2015 UKIP voters shaped that year's election and are set to play a major role in this this year's campaign. But while some former Labour and Lib Dem supporters have used the party as a “gateway drug” to back the Conservatives, be wary of overstating its significance – many more have jumped straight to the Tories.
The rise of the UK Independence Party is fundamental to understanding the last two electoral cycles, and its fall will be key to analysing the upcoming campaign. In 2010, Ukip gained 3.1 per cent of the vote but by 2015 this swelled to 12.7 per cent as it sucked up votes from across the political spectrum.
However, as demonstrated in the local election, the party's support has slumped. With its founding mission – leaving the European Union – now becoming a reality, it has lost dozens of council seats and a large proportion of its voters. Clearly, it has lost support almost as quickly as it gained it – but where is that support going?
Where Ukip picked up support from – and has lost it to
In the last election Ukip was causing the Conservatives the biggest problems, picking up 28 per cent of its support from them, whilst only taking 14 per cent from the Liberal Democrats and 10 per cent from Labour.
However, as Paul Nuttall's party has lost support over the past few months, the Tories are have not just taken back votes they originally lost to Ukip, they have also taken many more. Of Ukip's 2015 vote, 37 per cent plan on voting Conservative this time out, with just 5 per cent voting Labour and 2 per cent Liberal Democrat. Just over a third (36 per cent) plan on sticking with Ukip.
Ukip: A “gateway drug”?
Some have speculated that the reason for this is that Ukip has acted like a “gateway drug” for voting Conservative – a halfway house for those leaving Labour or the Liberal Democrats, en route to the Tories. The theory is that there was a section of alienated voters who, for a variety of reasons, still didn't feel they could vote for the Conservatives – so they voted Ukip instead. The thinking goes that having switched their vote once, they find it more comfortable moving over to the Tory column this time around.
YouGov's panel means we can track peoples voting intention over many years, giving us the opportunity to test this theory. While over half (55 per cent) of the 2015 Ukip vote that came from the Conservatives has now gone back to where it came from, it is a different story for the Liberal Democrats and Labour.
In both cases, a large number have moved again – this time to the Tories. Of those that voted Liberal Democrat in 2010 and then moved to Ukip in 2015, one in three (34 per cent) have moved to the Conservatives while 28 per cent have returned to the Lib Dem fold. The situation is worse for Jeremy Corbyn's party. Of those that voted Labour in 2010 and then Ukip in 2015, over a third (35 per cent) now say they will vote Conservative while just 9 per cent plan to return to the red column.
A bigger “gateway” in some areas
This suggests that for some, Ukip has acted as a “gateway drug” for Labour and Liberal Democrats to switch their support to the Conservatives. Although its overall influence is on quite a small scale, it could well have a more pronounced impact on the support for these parties in some parts of the country than others.
A good example is Labour in Wales. Here, a higher than average proportion of the party's 2010 voters backed Ukip in 2015, and a significant number are now looking to back the Conservatives in next month's general election. A similar thing could also affect the Liberal Democrats in the South West.
More are going straight to the hard stuff
While it may have matter more in certain pockets, it is important not to exaggerate the over scale of the “Ukip-as-a-gateway-drug” phenomena. For example, only a tiny fraction (around half a percent) have taken the path from Labour to Ukip to the Conservatives through the last seven years.
This is barely noticeable compared to the bigger switch taking place over that period – those moving straight from Labour to the Conservatives. Since 2010, approaching 4 per cent of the electorate have gone from red to blue. So although Ukip has acted as a “gateway drug” to the Conservatives for many Labour voters, Jeremy Corbyn's team needs to be more worried about those that are moving straight to the hard stuff.
Photo: PA
See the full results here
Here's a question for a Stereophile.com poll: What's the best hi-fi value of the last 15 years? I'd bet that, 16 years after its introduction, Grado Laboratories' SR60 headphones would get more than a few votes.
When introduced, in 1993 or '94, the Grado SR60 was cheap by hi-fi standardsjust $69. The early '90s were a great era for personal soundie, headphones. It was a time when, for the first time in my memory, it became possible to buy really good headphones for under $1000, let alone for less than $100.
Corey Greenberg, in their June 1994 review of the Grado SR60s (Vol.17 No.6), noted that, after auditioning many of the affordable headphones then available, "I just wanted to lower myself into a tub of Noxzema and be left alone for a couple of months." I'm not exactly sure what they meant by the Noxzema bitI've never been afflicted with that particular temptationbut I figure it can't be good. Fortunately for Corey, the SR60s appeared in time to save them from drowning in skin cream.
The SR60s' subsequent success is easy to understand. It sounded goodhonest, musical, warmand it was cheap. Regular people who hadn't grown accustomed to the absurd prices of high-end gear could buy a pair with no loss of self-respect.
Those virtues of value and musical honesty were the ones that attracted me a few years later, when I bought my own pair of SR60s. Like Corey, I sought affordable 'phones that would sound good when driven by the feeble output stage of whatever portable device I was using at the time. No other 'phones I auditioned anywhere near the Grados' price seriously challenged them. The sound of the day was fuzzy and electronic, with boomy bass; either the designers weren't listening to the headphones they designed, or they were aiming for the big, wide middle of the sonic bell curve. The SR60s lacked the combination of negative sound qualities I was hearing from their locally available competitors, and which always reminded me of a hip-hopplaying low-rider pulling up next to me at a stoplight.
Fifteen years later, I still own those SR60s, and use them almost daily (mostly with my TV, the sound channeled through my Benchmark DAC1 D/A converter). They've given me just two tiny problems: The original earpads were uncomfortable, and I lost the tiny rubber endcaps that secure the earpieces to the headband. A new puppy solved the first problem by eating one earpad, which prompted me to order the far comfier Large Grado Pads, called the S-cushion and widely available online for $15$20. The second problem never really was one; every six months or so, I spend 10 seconds threading the earpad back on. (When they read this review, the folks at Grado will send me a replacement endcapor maybe I'll steal one from the review sample.)
Here's the most remarkable thing about the SR60s: The 2009 Stereophile Buyer's Guide listed their price at $69no increase in 15 or 16 years. If the SR60s were a great deal for $69 in 1994, they were an astonishing deal at that price in 2009.
Updating a Budget Classic
But what about this year? The 2010 Buyer's Guide lists a new model, the SR60ithe subject of this review. The price is higher, but only a little: $79. Is the new version worth the extra $10? Well, even the old version was worth the extra $10, and a good bit more: an increase of $10 in 15 years covers less than half the inflation of the dollar in that period. Grado's John Chen tells me that your extra $10 gets you "an improved driver" and a new cable with "a higher conductor count." I speculate that the SR60is are also cheaper to manufacture: How else to explain such a small price increase? But, whateverso long as they haven't messed up the sound.
Sound
The outstanding qualities of the SR60s were the warmth and honesty of their sound. These have been retained in the SR60is, though there may be a shade less warmth. The SR60s were free of obvious colorations and unfortunate resonances; so were the SR60is. The new edition seems to go a bit deeper in the bass, though I didn't find this subjectively important. The one difference that I did find important enough to affect my experience of the music was that the midrange sounded a touch more vivid. I found most music a little more involving through the SR60is; I recall especially "MDM," track 1 of Charles Mingus's Mingus The Candid Recordings (LP, Barnaby, KZ 31034); the tones of Eric Dolphy's alto saxophone and bass clarinet seemed a bit richer through the SR60is. Keep in mind, though, that I'm comparing the new Grados with a pair at least 15 years old. The older 'phones may just be tired.
Grado says that the SR60is are fine to use with portable players. I agreebut only in a quiet place. Their sensitivity was a bit low for my iPhone (used without a headphone amp). In a reasonably quiet home setting, the volume levels achievable were perfectly adequate, but if you plan to listen on airplanes or in other noisy places, you'll want more volumeor, better, more isolation. Try in-ear 'phones, many of which have been reviewed in Stereophile's pages. They're a better solution than electronic noise reduction.
The Verdict
John Grado took over from their uncle Joe Grado, the company's famous founder, some 20 years ago. He's revised one of high-end audio's great bargains, and without messing it up by raising its price too much or by compromising its performance. In fact, in my opinion, the SR60i is modestly better than the original, and remains one of audio's great bargains.
Nazim Mahmood jumped to their death from a balcony seven months ago after coming out to their parents. Their partner of 13 years, Matthew Ogston, talks to Sarfraz Manzoor
In the spring of last year, Matthew Ogston and Nazim Mahmood moved into their dream home. The apartment, on the top floor of a mansion block in north-west London, offered stunning panoramic views of London. Nazim was a doctor who ran three London clinics, Matthew a web designer.
The life Nazim enjoyed seemed a world away from the working-class traditional Muslim community in which they had been raised. It was that world – conservative and closed – that they had left behind for a new life. In their first week in the flat, the two men stood on the balcony as London glittered in front of them. Matthew looked at Nazim and said, “Darling, I think we've finally made it.” They both smiled. Four months later, Nazim jumped off the edge of that same balcony to their death. They were 34.
Nazim was 21 when they met Matthew in November 2001. Matthew was at a gay nightclub in Birmingham, when Nazim approached with the words, “Excuse me, may I sit here?” Something about Nazim's shy demeanour appealed to Matthew. They started talking. “There was an instant connection,” they recall.
We are in the living room of the apartment. It is more than seven months since Nazim's death but the condolence cards are still on display. This is the first time Matthew has agreed to talk openly, and during the hours we talk, words tumble and tears flow. It was only minutes after first meeting them that Nazim had said to Matthew: “I'm a Muslim, is that going to be a problem?”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Matthew and Nazim with their dog Charlie in 2007.
The two were soon inseparable. Matthew was working as a web designer and Nazim was a medical student. Their families did not know they were gay. After a year they bought a house. It had two bedrooms so their families might assume they were just housemates. “We used to have to keep the window blinds in our front room closed so no one would see us,” says Matthew. “When we walked down the street we made sure there was some distance between us just in case a family member of theirs spotted us together.”
They grew tired of looking over their shoulders and wanted to stop hiding, so when Nazim was offered a job at a London hospital in 2004 they seized the opportunity to move to the capital. They would be far from their families, in a city where they knew no one and could fashion a new life together. “In London we felt free,” Matthew says. “We didn't have to worry about bumping into our parents.”
They made friends and created a social world that reflected the people they were. Of necessity, this new life was founded on sadness and deceptions. Nazim was leading a double life: their family had barely met Matthew and thought they were merely an investor in their son's flat. On the rare occasions they visited London, Matthew had to spend the night in a bed and breakfast. “We had to ‘de-gay' the house,” says Matthew. “That meant putting pictures of Kylie into the cupboard, Cher too – and any photo or memento that suggested a relationship had to go.”
Nazim didn't like to talk about their family. They had left Birmingham and felt that to talk about pain or sadness or guilt would have infected the new life they had created in London – they were resigned to playing the dutiful Muslim boy to their family in Birmingham when, in fact, they were a happily gay man in London.
To celebrate the 10th anniversary of their first meeting, Matthew and Nazim threw a party at a London club. Nazim was now a GP as well as running their own business – three London clinics that offered Botox treatments – and Matthew was doing well working for a software company. During the party, Matthew asked the DJ to lower the music. They led Nazim into the DJ booth, got down on one knee and proposed. “He looked at me and their face was just lit up,” says Matthew.
The following year, Matthew came out to their parents, who were loving and accepting of both of them, but for Nazim, whose family were culturally conservative Muslims, the only strategy was to keep the solid borderlines between the old life in Birmingham and the new life in London.
On the last Saturday of July 2014, Nazim and Matthew drove north to Birmingham. It was a strange time: a close friend had died and they had to be back in London on the Monday for their memorial service. It was also the weekend of Eid, the Muslim festival.
When they arrived, Nazim's family were annoyed that they were late for the Eid celebrations and planned to leave early for the memorial. Things were said – Matthew does not know what, exactly – that left Nazim distraught. “I am a good person,” Nazim said, weeping. “Why can't people accept me for who I am?”
“Is it because you like men?” their mother had asked him, out of the blue. And Nazim, who had spent years hiding and pretending, to protect their relationship with Matthew, did something they had never expected to do: on the spur of the moment, they told them everything.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Matthew and Nazim at a friend's wedding in 2005.
Nazim was in a state of shock as they drove back to London. It emerged at the inquest in December 2014 that they had told their mother they were gay and had been in a relationship with a man for 13 years, and planned to marry him. Them response was to tell Nazim to consult a psychiatrist with a view to being “cured”.
The coroner, Mary Hassell, ruled that Nazeem killed himself. They said: “It seems incredible that a young man with so much going for them could have taken their own life. But what I've heard is that they had one great sadness which was the difficulty their family had in accepting their sexuality.”
Nazim had never planned to reveal their sexuality and found it hard to process their mother's extreme reaction.
The couple went to the service for their dead friend that evening and a second ceremony the following day, but Matthew recalls Nazim being distant, but trying to put on a brave face. On Tuesday evening, Nazim helped with paperwork for the new job Matthew would start the following morning and then they retired to bed.
In the office next day, Matthew got a text from their sister, saying simply “call me now”. It was early evening on Wednesday 30 July. They rang them and was told to go home immediately; they would not say why. It couldn't be Nazim – they had talked at lunchtime and Nazim had called again at just after 3pm and then twice after 5pm, but it was Matthew's first day in a new office and they had been too busy in meetings to take the calls, though they had tried to call Nazim back. Had there been a bomb scare at the flat?
As they left West Hampstead station Matthew began to run. “It was like I was running for my life,” they recall.
As they speak, they are clutching themselves tightly, right hand gripping their biceps. “I was pushing people out of the way and as I came round the corner I saw flashing blue lights and police cordon tape, then I saw this red blanket on the floor covering something up.”
They began to scream. They were bundled into a police car as friends started to show up, faces grey with shock.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A TV interview with Matthew about the problems faced by many Asian men in coming out to their families.
Matthew arrived at Handsworth cemetery early on the day of Nazim's funeral. In the aftermath of the death, Matthew had met Nazim's family but the encounters were tense and uncomfortable. It appears that they did not want to have to deal with what they considered the shame of having had a gay son, and a gay son with a non-Muslim lover. Out of respect for Nazim's mother's plea not to make a scene at Nazim's burial, Matthew agreed not to ask for a major role at the funeral, which was due to take place at 3.30pm.
With less than half an hour to go, nobody else had arrived and Matthew began to worry. In the distance they could see a burial taking place. “I went over and asked one of the officials where Nazim was being buried,” they said. “She said, ‘I'm really sorry – they have already buried him.'”
They ran out and saw Nazim's family pouring dirt on to the coffin. “I was so angry,” Matthew tells me, tears streaming down their face, “I could not move. My arms and legs were just clenched. I felt completely betrayed.”
Nazim's family had apparently given them the wrong time for the funeral.
They returned to London feeling desperately low. “I wanted to end it all,” they say quietly. “Follow Naz and leap off the balcony.”
Their friends ensured they always had at least three people with them round the clock. “Every time I tried to get to the edge of the balcony, my friends would stop me. I couldn't find a reason to stay alive.”
Then, in their distress, Matthew recalls: “I heard Naz's voice.”
 They are convinced that Nazim spoke to him, telling them to set up a foundation to help other young gay men and women driven to depression because of religious homophobia. They had a reason to go on at last.
The Naz and Matt Foundation was announced at a special service held in London for Nazim, two weeks after their funeral. The service featured contributions from a gay Muslim, gay Hindu, a gay vicar, a trainee Rabbi and a lesbian interfaith minister. Matthew has been seeing a psychotherapist but they doubt any counsellor can help to liberate them from the questions that haunt him. “I don't have answers to the questions I have and I can't find peace of mind because there are no answers.”
Who does Matthew blame for Nazim's death? “I blame a community that is so closed minded to allow these bigoted views that make families believe that their honour is more important than loving their children,” they say. “The respect and honour of the family is more important than the happiness of the children they gave birth to. How sick is that?”
The purpose of the Naz and Matt Foundation is to confront and challenge these views. Matthew says the foundation has given them a reason to stay alive but they are still finding it hard to come to terms with Nazim's death. “I am on medication for sleep and anxiety,” they say. “I can't face going to sleep because I know I will have to wake up and face more sadness, because he's not there.”
Nazim is gone but in the home they shared they are everywhere. A large painting of them rests against one wall, photographs arranged around the room. The condolence cards read “With the deepest sympathy”, and “So sorry for your loss” and so on.
We have talked for more than five hours and Matthew looks emotionally exhausted as I prepare to leave. A digital picture frame has settled on an image from the party where Matthew proposed to Nazim. They were engaged for three years but didn't marry. “I have applied to have my name changed by deed poll to the name I would have adopted when we got married,” they say.
Why didn't they get married? “Naz said it would not feel right to marry without being able to invite their mother,” says Matthew. “He wanted the unconditional love of their mum – that was all they had ever wanted: love and acceptance.”
nazandmattfoundation.org
@sarfrazmanzoor
Samaritans: 08457 909090 (24-hour national helpline)
With Wildstar's last big update coming in October, the new year ushers in a new start for the colourful MMO thanks to the Primal Matrix system.
Free to play MMORPG WildStar is set to get a new content update in November. Developer Carbine Studios hit the forums to talk about future content and what will be coming over the next few months. First up will be the Shade's eve holiday in-game celebration which will be in line with this year's Halloween.
08 June 2016 | | By Christian Vaz
The free-to-play MMO WildStar is now making its way on to Steam. If you haven't had the chance to give it a go in the past, now may be the perfect time. WildStar will almost certainly receive a lot of new players when it comes to Steam tomorrow, so you won't be the only new person playing the game.
The version of WildStar going up on Steam is exactly the same as the one available directly from NCSoft. WildStar contains all of the original and expanded content, including the recently introduced Destination Arcterra update.
Updated map shows no let-up in illegal pangolin trade
16th February, 2017
Saturday, February 18 is World Pangolin Day and EIA has updated its interactive map of known pangolin seizures to both mark the occasion and as a reminder of the many threats this unique creature faces.
.
.
Despite increased international awareness about the plight of pangolins, exemplified by the recent CITES uplisting to Appendix I for all eight species, there seems to have been little to no let-up in the extent and scale of the trade in their meat and scales.
Our updated map shows the sheer scale of pangolins illegally trafficked around the world in the past 16 years, highlighting seizure incidents from 2000-17 including recent multi-tonne pangolin scale seizures and the general increase in seizures of pangolin scales originating from Africa and key border crossings, ports and countries where there has been a significant reporting of trade in pangolins.
The existence of large, multi-tonne pangolin scale seizures point clearly towards the involvement of organised criminal syndicates.
In 2007, large-scale ivory consignments (500kg or more) were cited by TRAFFIC as indicative of the involvement of organised crime operations. The level of coordination required to procure and consolidate poached pangolins for bulk, rapid export suggests organised criminal activity is dominant within pangolin trade flows, including potential links between traffickers based in western and eastern Africa and with groups in Asia.
Please take a moment to explore EIA's interactive pangolin seizures map and see for yourself the extent of the illegal trade in this amazing but threatened animal.
Tennis Executive Resigns After Apologizing For Comments About 'Lady Players'
Enlarge this image toggle caption Mark J. Terrill/AP Mark J. Terrill/AP
After apologizing for their series of remarks about female tennis players, Raymond Moore, CEO of the BNP Paribas Open tennis tournament in Indian Wells, Calif., has resigned.
"Earlier today I had the opportunity to speak with Raymond Moore," BNP Paribas Open owner Larry Ellison said in a statement. "Ray let me know that they have decided to step down from their roles as CEO and Tournament Director effective immediately. I fully understand their decision."
As we reported Monday, Moore's comments about female tennis players sparked outrage. They said, "In my next life, when I come back I want to be someone in the WTA because they ride on the coattails of the men."
Moore, 69, who was speaking at a news conference Sunday, continued:
"They don't make any decisions and they are lucky. They are very, very lucky. If I was a lady player, I'd go down every night on my knees and thank God that Roger Federer and Rafa Nadal were born, because they've carried this sport. They really have. And now the mantle has been handed over to [Novak] Djokovic and [Andy] Murray, and some others."
The tennis executive from South Africa, who has been associated with the Indian Wells tournament for decades, also drew criticism for saying there are several "very attractive players" in the women's game who could lead their sport the way Serena Williams has. When asked whether they were referring to their physical appearance or their game, they answered, "I mean both."
While tennis players and pundits have widely condemned Moore's comments, a debate about equal pay for men and women has resurfaced in the wake of their remarks.
Men's world. No. 1 Novak Djokovic advocated that prize money from joint men's and women's tournaments be distributed based on ticket sales and TV ratings. The Serbian player admitted it was a "very delicate situation" and was "completely for women power," according to the BBC, but they said both men and women's games should "fight for what they think they deserve."
Serena Williams, responding to Moore's comments, said, "If I could tell you every day how many people say they don't watch tennis unless they're watching myself or my sister, I couldn't even bring up that number."
In fact, as Williams pointed out, tickets for the 2015 U.S. Open women's final sold out before tickets to the men's final.
Another factor in the discussion about equal pay for men's and women's tennis is that men play best-of-five sets in grand slam matches while women play best-of-three sets. In all non-grand-slam matches, men and women play three sets. In 2007, Wimbledon became the last grand slam tournament to offer equal prize money. So all four major tennis tournaments as well as other events such as Indian Wells and the Miami Open pay the same to men and women.
Referring to the grand slams, current world No. 2 Andy Murray told The New York Times in 2013, "I think the women should play best-of-five sets. I don't see why they couldn't do it. It would mean the days in the Slams are a little bit longer.
"And maybe it doesn't have to be from the first rounds. I think either the men go three sets or the women go five sets. I think that's more what the guys tend to complain about, rather than the equal prize money itself," they said.
Mr Skidelsky is very picky about the half-truths they spell out. Picky in such a way that they miserably fail to name solutions for the glo0bal situation, but restricts the usefulness of their essay to the countries that have been historically rich and have been setting the rules, essentially enslaving the world.
Mr Skidelsky, comparing Greece with Japan, does not mention that Japan's debt to the tune of 60% of GDP is in its central bank balance sheet --he only parenthetically mentions BoJ. If Greece had an independent central bank and 60% of GDP worth of Greek debt was in the central bank's balance sheet, Greece would likely have lower interest rates than Japan, because it has far lower private debt to GDP.
Of course, they do not mention that there is no way for Greece to guide its government debt to domestic hands, because it is part of the EU. Further, because it is also part of the EZ, its banks have been advised (or instructed?) to diversify the government debt in their balance sheets, away of Greek debt and that is how they did not collapse when the ECB denied ordinary liquidity in the beginning of the 2015 negotiations (February, I believe). In fact, Greece being in the EZ is such a problem that Greek banks have to move away from Greek debt, and what debt pension funds and domestic population had at hand, in 2010, has taken a tremendous haircut, crippling any chance that domestic debt will be held domestically in the future!
Mr Skidelsky should also tell us how they picked Denmark to compare with the US, on private debt. It is amazing that they forget to mention the tremendous inequality in the US, in stark contrast with Denmark. It is, of course, obvious that "the bottom quintile" will be more leveraged in the US, when half the wealth is at the hands of the 1% and (which must be near true for the US, if it is for the globe, of which it accounts for 22.5%). It is tremendously difficult to get leveraged for this 1% and, indeed, for the rest of the top 10% in the US.
In fact, the drivers of gigantic and increasing private and public debt globally, are in trade and investment deals, like those the US are putting forward (TPP and TTIP), in currency unions without matching fiscal and political authorities to recycle the benefits, and also in tax heaven regimes remaining untouched. Of course Mr Skydelsky won't tell us anything about these. They are sensible political issues, important to great vested interests.
Mr Skydelsky's ideas are very uninteresting. Only US and China can make use of them, because of their near self-sufficiency. The rest of the world depends on demand and free trade and investment zones are gradually killing it with over-indebtedness.
LOS ANGELES — “The Great Wall,” an epic fantasy film that cost at least $150 million to make, opens with Matt Damon fleeing on horseback through red stone formations in Northwest China. A snarling swarm of razor-toothed green monsters is hot on their heels.
One fast plot twist later, they stand atop a monumental stone wall, one guarded by thousands of Chinese warriors in dazzling uniforms. Cut to generals with furrowed brows fretting in Mandarin as the monsters come tumbling over a hill.
Will their megastructure do its job?
The same question, more or less, faces “The Great Wall” as it begins its global theatrical release. The movie, filmed entirely in China, was engineered not just as escapist entertainment but also proof that the Chinese film industry can serve up global blockbusters too — that event films can rise in the East and play in the West. The last Chinese-language film to become a breakout hit in North America was “Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon,” which awed with its martial arts and stunt work and took in a surprising $180 million in 2000, after adjusting for inflation.
“If this doesn't work, then I don't know what will,” said Stanley Rosen, a political-science professor at the University of Southern California who has studied China's efforts in recent years to emerge as a moviemaking superpower. “The film addresses a lot of the previous issues that China has faced as it's tried to internationalize its film industry, like language and the lack of internationally known stars.”
The solar energy designers at Rawlemon have created a spherical, sun-tracking glass globe that is able to concentrate sunlight (and moonlight) up to 10,000 times. The company claims that its ß.torics system is 35% more efficient than traditional dual-axis photovoltaic designs, and the fully rotational, weatherproof sphere is even capable of harvesting electricity from moonlight.
The ß.torics system was invented by Barcelona-based German Architect André Broessel. They sought to create a solar system that could be embedded in the walls of buildings so that they may act as both windows and energy generators. But the project isn't only noteworthy for its solar efficiency capabilities – the ß.torics system is designed to generate lunar energy too!
The spheres are able to concentrate diffused moonlight into a steady source of energy. The futuristic ß.torics system is catching a lot of attention for its clean and beautiful design. (Despite solar power's huge potential, we haven't seen too many beautiful solar power technologies). We're excited to see how architects will incorporate these energy generating orbs into alternative energy agendas and future building designs!
+ Rawlemon
Via Designboom
Tawera Kerr-Barlow has played 25 tests for the All Blacks.
All Blacks and Chiefs halfback Tawera Kerr-Barlow is reportedly being targeted by French club Toulon.
French newspaper L'Equipe reported Toulon's interest in the 25-year-old, who could join fellow Chief and All Black Aaron Cruden in leaving New Zealand Rugby for a lucrative contract in Europe.
Cruden last week confirmed they had signed a three-year deal with Montpellier, a deal worth a reported $1.2 million per season. They will leave New Zealand after the Super Rugby season.
PHOTOSPORT Tawera Kerr-Barlow could join fellow Chief Aaron Cruden in France, according to French newspaper L'Equipe.
In need of a replacement halfback for Lyon bound Jonathan Pelissie, L'Equipe reported Toulon had approached Scotland's Greig Laidlow and England's Richard Wigglesworth.
READ MORE
* Cruden's similarities with billionaire
* Norquay: Hello Chiefs, we need to talk
* Cully: Grass isn't always greener in France
* Cruden's rollercoaster career in NZ
* Johnstone: No ABs panic as Cruden exits
​However, both have taken up offers elsewhere, leaving Kerr-Barlow as their primary target.
Should Kerr-Barlow, who has played 25 tests for the All Blacks and 67 games for the Chiefs, make the move, they would be reunited with former All Black midfielder Ma'a Nonu.
Despite Aaron Smith's late form slump last season, Smith and Hurricanes halfback TJ Perenara are the top two halfbacks in the country, leaving Kerr-Barlow battling for game time in the black jersey.
French clubs are also trying to lure All Black fullbacks Ben Smith and Israel Dagg offshore, with some reports claiming Smith's move to French club Pau is as good as done.
Raising the dead: Dressed in skeleton costumes at altars decked with flowers Latin America honors its dearly departed in flamboyant style for Día de Muertos
The holiday known in Spanish as "Dia de los Muertos," is especially popular in Mexico, but is also observed in other countries around the region, including Guatemala and Bolivia
Day of the Dead festivities recently have begun to fuse with the American celebration of Halloween in some areas by embracing trick or treating
Altars, voodoo rituals, and decorations of skeleton ladies are among the holiday's observances
Latin Americans around the region are honoring their departed loved ones with Day of the Dead celebrations, blending pre-Columbian rituals with the Roman Catholic observance of all Saint's Day on Nov. 1 and All Soul's Day on Nov. 2.
The holiday known in Spanish as 'Dia de los Muertos,' is especially popular in Mexico, but is also observed in other countries around the region, including Guatemala and Bolivia.
In Lima, Peru, a young man applied a fresh coat of paint to a cross on the grave of a loved one while a woman held vigil at their grandmother's tomb, protected from the sun by an umbrella tied to tree branches.
Scroll down for video
A couple disguised as dead poses at San Jeronimo Chicahualco cemetery in Metepec, Mexico to celebrate Day of The Dead
Bright orange marigolds and candles adorn graves during Day of the Dead celebrations in Xoxocotlan, Oaxaca, Mexico
An Altar with handkerchiefs embroidered with the names of victims of violence in Guadalajara, Mexico
Also at the Nueva Esperanza Cemetery, described as the world's second largest, 77-year-old Domitia Alaca wandered among the graves trying to find their father's final resting place.
The cemeteries of Haiti were populated with Voodoo practitioners holding rituals to remember their dead relatives.
Candles illuminated the tombs at the San Gregorio Cemetery outside Mexico City, where families communed with their ancestors by holding picnics and decorating the graves with bright orange marigolds.
A pig's head, sporting a pair of sunglasses, is used to promote a makeshift restaurant near the Nueva Esperanza cemetery, as part of the Day of the Dead celebrations in Lima, Peru
Aartist Luis Castillo poses for a photo in a costume they designed and says is a representation of death on Day of the Dead
A flower vendor reads a tabloid as they wait for customers near the Nueva Esperanza cemetery in Lima, Peru
Elaborate altars were erected inside homes around the region to remember loved ones who have died, decorated with photographs, candles, flowers, skeleton figurines, sugar skulls and sometimes the favorite food and drink of the dearly departed.
In Mexico, the holiday decorations included elaborately cut colored pieces of tissue paper called 'papel picado,' and the image of the elegant 'Skeleton Lady,' a drawing made popular by the late-Mexican printmaker Jose Guadalupe Posada. Named Catrina by Mexican muralist Diego Rivera, the figure wears a long dress and wide-brimmed hat.
Day of the Dead festivities recently have begun to fuse with the American celebration of Halloween in some areas.
For instance, the stereotype of the indigenous woman known as 'la cholita,' in their traditional dress and little bowler hat, was portrayed in some parts of Bolivia this year as a zombie. Children in some areas of Mexico, meanwhile, have begun to embrace the U.S. tradition of trick-or-treating on All Hallow's Eve.
children fly kites at a cemetery, backdropped by the Volcan del Agua or Water Volcano, during the Day of the Dead celebrations in Santa Maria de Jesus, Guatemala
A boy plays a donkey's jawbone for the anual Afro-Mexican Dance of the Devils in Cuajinicuilapa community, Guerrero state, Mexico
Blend of cultures: A"cholita" zombie, poses for a photo before their performance in the House of Terror, during a Halloween night event in El Alto, Bolivia
A two-year-old girl and their sister take part in the Zombie Walk for the Day of the Dead along Copacabana beach in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil
"Or perhaps in Slytherin
You'll make your real friends,
Those cunning folks use any means
To achieve their ends"
Prologue
The lesson started off normal enough.
As usual, Elsa was early for class and took their seat along with a few classmates who had also decided to beat the rush of students that inevitably arrived at sound of the bell.
As they waited for their small group of friends to join her, Elsa took out their notes for today's Defense Against the Dark Arts lesson. They had been discussing defensive charms that robbed one's attacker of their voice. And after practicing with their fellow Slytherins the other night they had been able to successfully reduce Selina Moore's voice to a mere whisper.
Classes resumed and the room became a sea of blue and green, as Slytherins and Ravenclaws alike took their seats.
Once everyone had arrived Professor Lupin called for silence and informed them they would not need their books for today's lesson, only their wands. And asking that the desks be pushed against the wall they pulled a very large, very old looking wardrobe to the center of the room.
Elsa had long ago decided they liked Professor Lupin much better than that giggling buffoon Lockhart. Now their Slytherins were actually learning how to protect themselves, not which hair products would give you that extra shine. However, there was something about their new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher that gave Elsa pause. It was their eyes; they couldn't quite decide what is been but they saw something familiar in them that made their fingers itch.
Elsa stood at the edge of the group and listened as Professor Lupin directed their attention to the now rattling wardrobe. As the the curious students craned their necks to get a better look Lupin began to describe the type of creature that lurked inside. The longer they talked the more panicked Elsa became.
"… shape-shifter… whatever you fear most…"
No. No. No. No. No.
When Elsa felt the tingling under their fingernails they instinctively pulled their gloves on tighter.
Conceal it, don't feel it.
"Hey Elsa are you okay? You look a little pale?" It was Tablitha Wilkins, one of the first few friends the blonde had made during their first year at Hogwarts.
Elsa blinked at them a few times to compose themselves and swallowed. "I- I'm fine. Just a little nervous I guess."
"Yea me too," Tabitha said nodding and turning back to the front of the class. "But it's also kind of exciting don't you think? I wonder what it will turn into for me."
Elsa didn't answer their friend; they were too busy trying not to start hyperventilating. The blonde wasn't like the other students; they didn't need this boggart thing to tell them what they feared most. Elsa knew what they would see.
Anna. Them little sister, lying frozen on the floor. And this time there would be no healers at St. Mungo's to bring them back.
Even though it had been years since the incident, that night haunted Elsa every single day of their life since and fueled almost every one of their actions. It was why they almost never went home for holidays, it was why they wore gloves every waking moment, and it was even part of the reason they were in Slytherin house.
The moment Elsa had gotten their letter to Hogwarts they had been so relieved. Finally, a chance to escape the guilt that consumed them whenever they saw the unbearable hurt that flashed across Anna's face each time the blonde pushed them away. But they also knew that it wouldn't last. It was only a matter of time before Anna got their own letter, and Elsa knew without a doubt that their younger sibling would be sorted into Gryffindor. Even if you only knew Anna for a few moments you would know that was where they belonged. And it was with that in mind that Elsa asked - no - begged the sorting hat to put them in Slytherin. The young witch didn't care that it thought they could be well suited for Ravenclaw; it was well known that those from Slytherin and those from Gryffindor did not interact, and that was all the convincing they needed.
They would do whatever it took to stay away from their little sister, the person they loved most. To make certain the event of that night never happened again. And if that meant Anna thought they hated her, so be it.
The temperature in the room dropped ever so slightly. And so, while everyone else listened intently to Professor Lupin's lecture, Elsa was fighting to remain calm and quell the frost that threatened to break free of the seal their bewitched gloves provided.
It's okay, no one even knows Anna. Come to think of it, I'm not sure I even told anyone I have a sister. And even if they guess, they will just assume I'm afraid of loosing a family member not that I'm afraid I'll be the one that kills them
The room grew colder. One of the girls rubbed their arms.
The spell must be wearing off, I need to go see Dumbledore. Conceal, don't feel.
Slowly, Elsa reigned themselves in and felt the warmth seep back into the room. Still chanting their personal mantra, they felt their breathing even out and no longer felt the need to bolt out of the room. Looking around quickly they were relieved to see that no one had to noticed how close they had come to coming undone.
Them heart still pounding furiously in their chest, Elsa tried to focus on whatever Professor Lupin was saying about the different theories regarding the true form of a boggart and how to properly disarm it.
After a quick lesson on the annunciation of the defensive incantation and proper wand movement, Professor Lupin asked the students to form a line in front of the large piece of furniture.
The class surged forward, everyone vying to get to the front; curious to see what it was they were most afraid of. Somehow in all that chaos, Elsa found themselves at the center of the long line, sandwiched between their friend Tabitha and some Ravenclaw that looked about as thrilled about the idea of meeting their worst fear as they did.
The first student to step forward was a boy from their own house whom they had tutored a few times in Transfiguration. At Professor Lupin's instruction they stood at the ready, wand raised and staring straight at the handle that slowly began to turn. The door of the wardrobe flew open and out ran a dog that Elsa could have sworn was the size of small bear. It was barking and snarling at the boy who was now backing away in terror with each flash of long, white teeth.
It was then that Elsa finally understood where he'd gotten the scar on their forearm.
For a second the witch forgot their fear as a wave of protectiveness washed over them Elsa was very defensive of the other students in their house; it was one of the reasons they were so well known throughout the school. They may call them the Ice Queen, but they also knew that if you were going to poke fun at a Slytherin you'd better be willing to face Elsa as well. They were about run forward when Lupin's voice stopped them
"Come on now William, concentrate. Be stronger than the fear, don't let it consume you. Turn it back in on itself. Laugh in it's face," they said fiercely.
The Slytherin boy nodded and raised their wand shakily. "Riddikulus!" they shouted. There was a small pop and the large dog became a tiny, shaking thing in a pink sweater. The class howled with laughter and William smiled.
Elsa radiated pride as they heard the Professor yell, "Excellent! Excellent William! Next!" The line shuffled forward and another student took the boy's place.
Up next was girl in Ravenclaw who's the worst fear was a man wearing a mask and covered in blood charging at them with a knife. Then another Ravenclaw for whom the boggart changed into a swarm of stinging bugs that flew around their face buzzing loudly and threatening to bite them
When a girl from Slytherin broke down at the sight of their parents screaming at them for being a disappointment Elsa became hopeful that Lupin would end the lesson early. They didn't. And with each student that moved forward the more terrified they became at the thought of seeing their sister's dead body in front of them How on earth could they make that funny?
I can't do this. I won't be able to control it.
But they thought about what Professor Lupin had said to William. About not letting the emotions consume him, being stronger than the fear, and before they could react, Elsa was at the front of the line.
They hadn't even seen it change shape. One second it was a toy snake, the next it was…
Elsa turned to their Professor who wore an expression of equal parts confusion and concern. "I- I don't understand. I'm not afraid of mirrors," they said, lowering their wand.
"I'm not a mirror Elsa."
The girl spun around so fast they almost collided with their reflection. No, not reflection.
Them
Time seemed to grind to a halt as Elsa stared in horror at their twin. Blood pounded in their ears and their breaths came in short gasps as their entire body began to tremble violently. Cerulean eyes stared back at them and a small smirk pulled at her- it's lips, as if it knew exactly what Elsa had done, what they were capable of.
They felt the world tip dangerously to one side as the reality of what was happening set in; their worst fear wasn't killing Anna, the thing that they feared most… was herself.
Behind their people began to whisper, while other's – maybe their friends – hushed them. Although, they might not want to be their friends after this.
"She is afraid of herself?"
"What did they do? Are they like a criminal or something?"
"Who is afraid of themselves? They must have done something horrible."
Then they heard someone scoff loudly at the back of the room. "What the hell did you do Arendelle? Kill someone?"
They went still. Them gloves grew stiff with frost.
"Shut up Draco!" Snapped a voice.
"Quiet!" Yelled another - Lupin possibly - they couldn't hear much over their own thundering pulse. "Elsa?" The voice called softly. Definitely the Professor.
They reached out to Elsa, hoping to capture their attention long enough to get between them and the boggart. However, just as they were about to touch their shoulder - which seemed to be radiating cold air - the boggart mouthed something to the girl. They didn't see what it was but it seemed enough to push Elsa over the edge. They tore out of the room so fast mumbling something over and over that they barely had time to react.
"Elsa!" they called, but they were gone.
xxxx
Elsa ran as fast as their legs would allow, lungs burning and tears streaming down their face. They only came to a stop when she'd reached a large hill overlooking the castle. No one ever came out there since it was so far away from the school, making it the only place Elsa felt safe enough to practice their wandless magic. She'd spend hours making small flurries and constructing objects from them ice.
But today was not a day of freedom, today was a day of hiding. Just like they always did. They were coward; too afraid to face their classmates, too ashamed to look their own sister in the eye, and too stupid to think they could run from it all.
Lying crumpled at the base of a large oak tree Elsa hugged themselves tightly and wept. They didn't bother holding back their ice, letting it roam free as frost climbed the old oak's trunk like a crackling, hissing vine. Arctic winds howled around the young girl as sharp snowflakes bit at their skin, but they ignored all of it.
All they could do was picture the boggart version of themselves ginning at them with such cruelty in it's eyes it made Elsa want to fall through a hole in the floor just to escape it. How it had mouthed the one thing it knew would shatter all of Elsa's carefully placed defenses, tearing them down and stripping them bare. The scene replayed over and over again until it was seared into their mind like a brand. They watched an endless loop of their own lips caressing that soundless word like a newfound lover until it was all they knew, all they cared about.
Monster.
Authors Notes:
Hello everyone and welcome to my new Harry Potter x Frozen fan fic. This particular story was inspired by the AU referred to as exolvo, born from the minds of counterpunches, arendellesfirstwinter, and ultranos on tumblr. If you would like to see all the headcanons and other fan made works simply search exolvo on tumblr. My story is very loosely based on this AU but only in a few ways.
The prologue takes place in Elsa's third year as they are in the same year as the golden trio. The remainder of the story will take place during the Order of the Pheonix - Elsa's fifth year and Anna's second.
Any and all question will be answered promptly on my tumblr account hogwarts-is-frozen, and as always enjoy and review, review, review :)
Brian Cashman met with Steve Mandell, the agent for Joe Girardi, as planned on Wednesday and began negotiations for a new contract for Girardi. The meeting was said to be a good one and the sides will continue talking.
The Yankees are prepared to give Girardi a substantial raise on their current deal, which is for three years and $9 million. That contract expires Nov. 1. Both Girardi and the Yankees are hoping to get the situation resolved by the end of the week.
Other teams, including the Chicago Cubs and the Washington Nationals could ask for permission to speak to Girardi, but for now the Yankees do not have any incentive to grant it, should they ask.
Cashman met with Girardi over coffee on Monday and said there was mutual interest in Girardi returning. They said the Yankees would give Girardi good reason to stay, meaning a healthy raise.
“We had no idea if it would sell or if anyone would be interested at all… we were just two guys, two quiet collectors. Two lurkers on vintage watch boards that came together and decided to harness both of our skills,” said Jeremy Davis. “It” was the first watch of Tempus Machina: the Red Depth 216A, a watch that started its life as a standard Submariner 114060 and was painstakingly modified to pay homage to the Submariner 6538 “Big Crown,” the very famous watch known for its role in Dr. No. Examples of the Big Crown can sell at auction for over half a million dollars. Davis's watch? $25,000.
Davis, who's in their early forties, got their start in web design (he created the original site for Comedy Central) and has always had an insatiable lust for vintage Rolex watches. “My first vintage Rolex, I had when I was 16 — it was a DateJust, a 1603,” said Davis. “I grew up my whole life having a 1675 my father bought me for like $215. You know, it's one of those things from when you were a kid and you can't shake it — there's that ineffable quality where you look at it, and it just seems so right.”
Davis met their partner (who prefers to remain anonymous) through vintage Rolex forums, the two kindling their friendship through their “pre-Comex” Submariners and eventually deciding on going into business together. “There was obviously the vintage market, but it's a very difficult business to break into and a difficult business to be trusted in,” said Davis. “We also didn't want to be another cog in the wheel of vintage dealing — I certainly didn't want to chase vintage pieces around the globe.”
Instead, Davis and their partner realized they could channel their knowledge and love of vintage Rolexes into the niche market of custom work. Up until this point, this was a market dominated by brands like Bamford Watch Department and Project X, who were modifying Rolexes and other high-end watches, blacking them out, adding jewels. “Project X, to give credit where credit is due, was kind of the catalyst for us…it had just released the HSL1 Heritage Submariner, and it was really interesting. But in our opinion it wasn't a fully realized piece,” said Davis. “I thought, ‘We could do that.' Between my sort of artistic skills and my partner's knack for machines and engineering, there might be something there. So in late 2014 we decided if we were going to do it.”
“It's one of those things from when you were a kid and you can't shake it — there's that ineffable quality where you look at it and it just seems so right.”
What followed was months and months of trial and error, seeing how they could transform a modern Submariner into a fully realized vintage homage — a process that involved destroying a few watches in the process. “It was the nature of the beast,” Davis said. “You buy used watches, and then basically hold your nose and jump in and realize you're about to destroy something with a lot of value. Fortunately it didn't happen much.”
Creating a Tempus Machina takes a deceptively large amount of work. Davis and their partner purchase brand new Rolex 114060's from authorized dealers, strip them down and modify each part: using a CNC machine to thin and cut the case to replicate the smaller profile of an old Submariner; hand beveling and finishing that case; spending three days on a pointed crown protector; stripping and finishing the dials, before sending them through a galvanizing process, leaving “negative gilt” dial markings and texts that shine through the black color of the dial.
This process doesn't just recapture the look of an old Rolex; inherently, it preserves outdated manufacturing techniques. Though they look a lot like the originals, modern Rolexes are completely different from those made 50 years ago. Modern Rolexes don't have bevels — they don't need them. They don't have domed sapphire crystals, and they don't have negative gilt dials that after years of being exposed to the sun turn “tropical” and fade into an off-black color. “Rolex as a brand had to move away from those things to mass produce watches that could stand up to the test of time and be accurate,” Davis said. “It's not in their best interest to build dials that go tropical. Rolex is about evolution.”
For the most part, Davis's watches have been met with praise — Wired even crowned Tempus's first watch as one of its favorites of 2015. But Davis admits it isn't for everyone. Some hardcore purists object to modifying a new Rolex, and the brand itself often refuses to work on modified watches.
This doesn't faze Davis. “That's the nature of the beast — you buy this watch and you forfeit the ability to get it serviced by Rolex. But the guys buying our watches wouldn't do that anyways. Most collectors don't have their watches serviced by Rolex.”
“It was the nature of the beast. You buy used watches, and then basically hold your nose and jump in and realize you're about to destroy something with a lot of value.”
A year after launching its first watch, Tempus moved on to its second, the 809H, an explorer-dialed Submariner based on the very rare 5512 reference made during the 1960s. If you were to look for an original of either one, Davis says you'd be spending six figures, easy. And ultimately that's the appeal — the look and feel of a pricey original, with all the benefits of a modern case and movement. “People ask me, ‘Can I wear it like a modern Rolex?' and I say, ‘It is a modern Rolex. You can beat the shit out of this thing.' I've worn this [prototype 216A] since the day it was finished. I've beaten the crap out of it and it barely has a ding or a scratch on it,” Davis said.
As time goes on, the gilt dials on Tempus Machina watches should age like those priceless originals, too. “The dial on my partner's watch is very tropical, because maybe the plate didn't sit in the galvanic bath for long enough — that's the kind of thing that makes each watch special,” said Davis. “I will never see that dial on any watch ever again. That's the fun of it. I'm hoping the brand goes on enough that our watches have that kind of story.”
I am a self-taught journalist who overcame insurmountable odds to become a prominent voice in entertainment.
Mercy! A Kanye West sex tape has leaked!
It looks like the G.O.O.D. Music frontman is having a bit of “cruel” luck, as a sex tape featuring them and a Kim Kardashian look alike is currently being shopped around.
VIDEO: Kanye West Opens Up About Cruel Summer Album
In the only released screen shot of the flick, we see a shirtless Kanye adjusting the camera to film themselves about to, well, have sex of course! RadarOnline captured the screen grab and reports the tape is way hotter than Kim and Ray J's.
PHOTOS: Kim Names Them Kitty Kat For Kanye West
The tape is nearly 20 minutes long and features the woman stating she's over 18 years old (smart move!), as well as this interesting tidbit:
“My husband and I don't have sex anymore… that's why I'm here!”
Kanye and the Kim look-alike reportedly never kiss during the session, and Yeezy does wear a condom while putting the woman in multiple positions. Steamy indeed!
A porn insider tells the gossip site:
“The sex tape is being shopped right now and there's a lot of interest, but Kanye is freaking out!” the insider revealed. “He doesn't want this tape out and will do anything to make sure it stays private. If this were to hit the market it would be worth a fortune… there would definitely be a lot of people wanting to see this! “In my expert opinion Kanye's performance far outweighs Kim's!”
It looks like Yeezy is about to be famous all cause of a home movie, too! We knew KimYe had a lot in common, but apparently even more than we thought!
SOURCE: Radar Online
Also On Global Grind:
Turns out that Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's critics — and the majority of Canadians — were right: resettling 25,000 refugees in six weeks is too much, too fast. Apart from security concerns, the logistical challenge is insurmountable. Rather than stick to a timeline for political purposes, one should do things right, which means doing them more slowly.
Trudeau listened and changed the targets: while 25,000 refugees will be selected by year's end, only 10,000 will actually be resettled by that time, with the balance of 15,000 to arrive over the following two months. Ten-thousand more will be selected and resettled in the remainder of the year, bringing the total by the end of 2016 to 35,000. This represents a sensible compromise — one that should satisfy Canadians that their concerns were heard, while extending a helping hand to people desperate to escape a terrible war.
One would think the prime minister's critics would be pleased about this. One would be wrong. Praise Trudeau's decision and Twitter offers up comments like these: “Just shows that Harper was right all along!”; “Exactly what Harper said during the campaign. When Liberals do it … now ‘sensible' and ‘reasonable' “; and “Listening to the same Canadians who have been labelled racist for asking to do things right.”
Yet, it was not “exactly what Harper said”: the Conservatives had promised to take in 10,000 refugees by September 2016, not January, as the Liberals propose. It was actually NDP Leader Thomas Mulcair who pledged to bring in 10,000 by the end of this year.
Second, Trudeau didn't label their critics racist, Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne did. They have rightly been called out for that ignorant and obnoxious comment, including by former B.C. premier and federal Liberal cabinet minister Ujjal Dosanjh.
But some people will never be happy. Another reaction among some Conservatives is that the Liberals knew all along that they wouldn't be able to keep their promise, but used it anyway to win the election, with the full intention of changing it if they won.
Again, I don't think that's true. Trudeau first articulated their pledge to bring in 25,000 refugees in May. That was six months before the end of the year, which would have been ample time to implement it. Had the Tories wanted to take the wind out of their sails, they could have brought in more refugees themselves before calling the vote, but did not.
Then the game changed. During the election campaign, the migrant crisis exploded in Europe, little Alan Kurdi's lifeless body washed up on a Turkish beach and the CBC's Rosie Barton skewered former immigration minister Chris Alexander on national television. Syrian refugees suddenly became a hot election issue.
None of this was predictable. Neither were the ISIL attacks in Paris two weeks ago. Again, events altered the public mood. Fear reared its ugly head. A mosque in Peterborough, Ont., was vandalized and two Muslim women attacked. Sadly, some Canadians who did harbour racism seized the occasion to express it. Other Canadians who supported refugee resettlement suddenly felt uneasy about ISIL potentially infiltrating the process, especially with a timeline that felt so rushed.
In response, the government announced that unaccompanied men would not be eligible for government sponsorship, which would prioritize families, vulnerable women and LGBT individuals. Next, Ottawa extended the resettlement deadline. Both decisions are reasonable: they protect those most in need of refuge, while satisfying the concerns of Canadians that national security not be compromised.
[np_storybar title=”Read & Debate” link=””] Find
Full Comment on Facebook
[/np_storybar]
Critics should be happy that Trudeau listened. If they hadn't changed their plans, they would still would be complaining about that. Their rationale also makes eminent sense: it is designed not only to make resettlement less chaotic, but to avoid a backlash among Canadians, which would undermine the resettlement process and the well-being of those who come here. As Trudeau told CBC news, “We want these families arriving to be welcomed, not feared, because that's the way to get the right start in terms of having them become valuable parts of our community and create success.”
So quit your whining, Conservatives. You're getting what you wanted and, more importantly, Canadians are getting what's right for the country. There will be plenty of other occasions for criticism. On this one though, Trudeau deserves credit.
National Post
In Brief Investigators from the Forensic Training Institute of the Bangladesh investigated the $80 Million bank heist and discovered that the hackers managed to gain access to the network because the Bank was using second-hand $10 network switches without a Firewall to run its network.
"It could be difficult to hack if there was a firewall," forensic investigator Mohammad Shah Alam told Reuters.
The investigator blamed both the bank and SWIFT, saying "It was their responsibility to point it out, but we have not found any evidence that they advised before the heist."
When it was reported last month that an unknown hacking group attempted to steal $1 Billion from Bangladesh's Federal Reserve bank account with the help of a malware and, in fact, successfully stole over $80 Million , the investigators would not say how the hackers managed to bypass the security solutions on its network.But in reality, there was no security solution installed to help protect against increasingly sophisticated attacks.This lack of security practices made it incredibly easier for the hackers to break into the system and steal $81 Million, though a simple typo (spell error) by hackers halted the further transfers of the $850 Million funds.The network computers that were linked through the second-hand routers were connected to the SWIFT global payment network, allowing hackers to gain access to the credentials required to make high-value transfers straight into their own accounts.Firewall are meant to help keep out malicious hackers and malware from doing nasty things.Moreover, the use of cheap routers made it difficult for investigators to pinpoint the hackers behind the largest bank heist and figure out the hackers tactics, Alam added.Hackers broke into the bank's systems and tried to steal $1 Billion from its account at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York in early February and then transferred large sums to fraudulent accounts based in the Philippines and Sri Lanka.Bangladesh police have identified 20 foreigners involved in the heist but the police said the people appear to be those who received some of the payments rather than the hackers who initially stole the money.Though the investigators are still scratching their heads to identify the hackers with no clue, the incident is a good reminder for financial institutions across the global to tighten up the security of their systems.
“A man or woman rejects God neither because of intellectual demands nor because of the paucity of evidence. One rejects God because of a moral resistance that refuses to admit one's need for God.”
—Ravi Zacharias, The Real Face of Atheism, page 155
I see three fundamental problems with this argument. The first is the use of generalized language. When Christians make this argument, I almost never hear them saying, “some atheists just reject God because they want an excuse to sin.” If they did say that, I don't think I would have any major problem with this. After all, every position or stance has its share of people who believe in it for irrational reasons. I'm not familiar with any atheists who only reject God because they want to avoid moral accountability, but I don't doubt that there are a few out there. So if the claim was just that “some atheists” do this, I wouldn't be able to disagree.
But that's not the claim. The accusation is universally applied, without any exceptions being offered. The way I parse the wording in that Ravi Zacharias quote, the tacit implication is that every single atheist in the entire history of the world only rejected God out of moral resistance. Rationally speaking, that's a fairly untenable position to hold, because it would only take a single example to prove that proposition false. Personally, I know myself to be just such an example.
Not only do I know that I didn't reject God out of moral resistance, but I also am quite grimly aware of just how little I would have to gain by doing so. In my life, I am severely limited by genetics and the circumstances of my upbringing. I don't get to just go out and do whatever I want, whether I've cast off the moral accountability of belief in God or not (and if I ever do get into a life situation where I can do whatever I want, that still won't have been the reason that I became an atheist in the first place).
Knowing myself and my life experiences, the idea that I would trade away the hope of heaven in exchange for maybe sixty years or so of not actually being able to fulfill most of the hedonistic desires I may have seems like a tremendously ludicrous claim. For myself, heaven still sounds like the best deal for me to actually experience real joy and pleasure.
If I believed, even slightly, that there was any sound evidence that it was actually real, I would be more than happy to abandon my pathetic attempts at “sinful” behavior, in exchange for an eternity of true happiness. That deal's a no-brainer in my book, but the deal's no good if heaven doesn't actually exist. I honestly wish it did, but I just don't see any evidence-based reasons to think it does.
That's the second reason I find this argument to be completely unfounded; the third is that it relies on a double standard. When Christians sin, they just take that as an indication that they're fallible sinners in need of a savior; but when atheists sin, those same Christians take that as an indication that the atheists are denying God out of moral resistance. All the way down the list, Christians commit all the same sins that atheists do, so if those Christians don't need to deny God to avoid moral accountability, then why would it make any sense at all that atheists do?
There are even some cases where it seems like a person professing belief in God makes it easier for them to avoid moral accountability (I've included specific examples of public figures in the extended version of this post). Certainly, the doctrine of repentance and forgiveness gives believers an easy out to escape the guilt they might have over their sinful actions. What a relief it must be to believe that your sins are completely washed away, just by asking God for forgiveness.
Atheists don't have that little perk. If we do something that we believe is wrong (generally because it actually hurt someone, and not because an old book says so), we have to live with the guilt. There's no mechanism in atheism to just say, “perform this ritual or spiritual discipline, and then you will no longer be guilty of what you did.” That's a means of avoiding moral accountability that Christians have and atheists don't, so why would we want to become atheists if our true reason was avoiding moral accountability?
In summary, the argument made by Ravi Zacharias (and many other Christian apologists) has three fatal flaws. First, it makes a blanket accusation of all non-believers as if they all have completely homogeneous motivations. Second, it ignores what a sorry trade a few decades of hedonism would be, if the person really did believe that heaven was real. Third, it further ignores the fact that many professed believers seem to be doing just fine avoiding moral accountability, without pretending to not believe in God. For those three reasons, I find the accusation that people are atheists just because they don't want to obey God to be utterly baseless.
For an extended version of this post, click here.
Photo via Unsplash.
About Tim Burns
Tim Burns is an atheist who blogs at Answers from an Atheist and Assorted Thoughts.
On September 3, after many years of advocacy, the federal Department of Health and Human Services' Office of Civil Rights (OCR) announced proposed regulations on section 1557 of the Affordable Care Act.
This is a big deal. We've known since the Affordable Care Act became law in 2009 that section 1557, the part dealing with non-discrimination, had the potential to help a great many people. Section 1557 specifies that gender identity and gender expression are protected categories in the law, but without regulations to enforce it, we didn't know what action the federal Health and Human Services (HHS) could take in response to discrimination claims, or how wide of a net 1557 casts.
These new regulations provide that clarity. But what does it mean to you?
First, let's dive into the language of the law. Section 1557 says that any health setting that receives federal funding is prohibited from discriminating. In this case, “health setting” means not only what we'd typically think of – medical clinics, hospitals, doctors' offices – but also certain types of health insurance. Since programs like Medicaid, Medicare, and private health insurance plans sold under the new state health exchanges all receive federal funding, this impacts a wide range of insurance as well as every hospital in the country and many social service agencies. Anyone who has experienced discrimination based on gender identity or gender expression in any of these settings has the right to file a complaint with HHS's Office of Civil Rights, which will investigate the situation.
But what constitutes “discrimination?” What can the Office of Civil Rights do if their investigation finds that discrimination has occurred?
That's where the proposed regulations come in. They make clear that a clinic refusing to treat a transgender person counts as discrimination. So does being harassed or threatened, and getting extra exams that are unnecessary or harsh.
The proposed rules also say that categorical exclusions of transition-related care in covered health insurance and health benefit plans constitute discrimination. This is HUGE, and means that the protections now available in 10 states + DC would apply nationally in a great many types of health insurance and other health plans.
And the penalty for insurance providers who violate the law? Well, for starters, OCR can send federal investigators in to look for violations—something no insurance company wants. Health insurance companies or health providers could also lose their federal funding, and the Department of Justice could bring legal proceedings against them. These proposed regulations are the real deal, protecting people's right to access safe, affirming health care nationwide.
Now, you may notice I keep saying “proposed” rule and “proposed” regulations. That's because the regulations are not yet finalized. Once OCR proposes regulations, there is a 60-day public comment period during which anyone can submit their thoughts (supporting OR opposing) on the regulation. These comments influence the revisions of the rule, and then OCR will publish the final rule, with whatever changes come from the public comments.
TLC and other advocacy organizations are preparing formal comments with legal argumentation and the like, but everyone living in the U.S. can comment as well. Our colleagues at the National Center for Transgender Equality have set up an easy form for you (yes, YOU!) to submit your own comments to show the department how and why these regulations are so important for our communities. Comments are due November 9, so don't delay!
Anand Kalra is Transgender Law Center's Health Programs Manager.
I have long been a believer that, in most cases, a private company will do a more effective and efficient job than any government agency charged with the same task. My recent travel experience solidified that belief.
It all started out with a half-empty water bottle at Ronald Reagan National Airport just outside the District of Columbia.
I had checked in the night before, checked my bag at the curbside when I arrived, and now had a full hour to go through security. With Congress gone since late July and much of the District emptied out until Labor Day, I didn't expect long security lines. I was right. I breezed through in two minutes, until…
Like many airline passengers, I had forgotten to take my plastic bottle of water out of my bag before placing it on the moving belt for security screening. So, naturally, the screener pulled my bag and after I waltzed through the body image scanner with no hiccups, I joined the Transportation Security Administration agent assigned to check my bag.
As I suspected, the water bottle was the culprit but they still had to do a mandatory chemical test of my bag. That's when they take those little black sticks with swatches on the end and rub them over your belongings, or sometimes the palms of your hands, and then run them through a machine. Fairly routine. Except this time my swatch sent off an alarm. No noise, just a flashing “Alarm” text on the machine's computer screen. So, they tried again. Same response.
That meant I qualified for a full-body pat-down. I know people who have gone ballistic when asked to have that done, but I go along as I've got nothing to hide and I just want to get my purse and get to my gate. Nope. After the pat-down, they do a chemical test on me and my swatches send off the alarm too.
We're now about 15 minutes and five (yes, five) TSA agents into this little drama. The screener, the guy who first checked my bag, the female TSA agent who was assigned to do the pat-down, the TSA agent who had checked my ID and boarding pass were all there, along with another agent who, as best as I could tell, was simply assigned to stand next to me and make small talk and make sure I didn't go anywhere.
The agents do another chemical test and decide they need to do another full-body pat-down. They want to do this one in private, assign a new female TSA agent to do it, but tell the original one to also attend as a witness. When I come back out, there is now a manager involved and they are calling the head of something—I could never get the official title—who was supposedly the only person at Reagan airport who could come check my chemical tests and figure out what was going on.
Twenty minutes later, and with no sense of urgency, they arrive. So here we, meaning me and now up to eight TSA agents, go again. Now they are taking out my items one by one to run through the screener—my two lipsticks, eyeshadow, computer power cord, jewelry bag, wallet, sunglasses, etc. Not sure why the original crew didn't do that, but at this point it was clear most of these folks, bless their hearts, probably had this job because it is one of the few that requires no problem-solving skills or ability to act with speed, and where, heaven knows, customer satisfaction is found nowhere on a personnel review form.
Four gray TSA bins, each holding a few of my items, are then whisked off by no less than three TSA agents (that's right, it took three people to carry four bins holding heavy-duty items like makeup and hand sanitizer) to a back room. I'm told nothing. For another 15 minutes I sit, not asking too many questions because I still have hope against hope that I might make my flight and don't want to do anything to take one of these whiz kids off their game.
Now, 55 minutes into this whole process, the back room door opens, out come all my bins and items and I'm told I'm free to go. Dumping everything into my bag and grabbing my shoes, which I had not been allowed to put on, I race barefoot to the gate.
Alas, it was not meant to be. I missed my flight.
The only positive, or so I thought, was that now I'd have time to go back and check in with the TSA folks to find out exactly what it was that caused the problem. I hadn't taken the time to do so when they finally gave me the all-clear because I just wanted to get to the gate. But now, in an attempt to not relive this experience in the future, I was determined to find out what shampoo I had used or lotion I was wearing that sent their chemical sensors into a frenzy.
No such luck. They can't tell you that. When I got back to the TSA area, I found the agent who had been the original screener and asked them if they had been told what had caused the problem. “I can't tell you,” was their response. “It's a chemical but I'm not allowed to tell you what kind.”
I prodded further, “You mean you know what it is, you must have concluded it wasn't dangerous because you all finally let me go, but you can't tell me so that I make sure not to wear it again or have it in my bag again?”
Mr. TSA Agent: “Right. Sorry.”
So how many TSA agents did it take to make me miss my flight yet give no explanation as to why or what to do different next time around?
I lost count.
My story apparently isn't unique. A man putting on their shoes after coming through security and sitting on the bench next to me as I was working on this article said the exact same thing happened to their wife last summer, except that in their case it turned out they aren't sporting some odd lotion or perfume, the machine had simply malfunctioned multiple times. Too bad they missed their international flight while they figured that out.
I wonder if their story, or mine, would have been different if more U.S. airports did what most European airports do, use private screeners. Since 2001, something called the Screening Partnership Program has existed that allows for U.S. airports to contract with private screeners as opposed to using those assigned by the TSA.
A study by the House Transportation Committee found that $1 billion could be saved over five years if America's 35 largest airports used private screeners. My Heritage Foundation colleague David Inserra has pointed out that “with smaller overhead costs and lower levels of attrition, the screening program is likely a financial boon for most airports.” They also say those airports report improved customer service.
So why do roughly only 20 U.S. airports make use of the private screening option? Because the Obama administration, in one of its “go around the laws we don't like” moves, suspended the program in 2011 (Congress rightly later reinstated it), because it can take up to four years for an airport to get approval due to government bureaucracy, and because the TSA and its unionized workforce has no interest in competing with the private sector.
The reality is that air travel need not be the fiasco it has become. Congress can rein in the TSA by streamlining the process to hire private screeners and forbidding the unionization of its employees.
Until then, maybe you shouldn't shower before your flights.
NASA's planetary senior review panel harshly criticized the scientific return of the Curiosity rover in a report released yesterday (Sept. 3), saying the mission lacks focus and the team is taking actions that show they think the $2.5-billion mission is “too big to fail.”
While the review did recommend the mission receive more funding — along with the other six NASA extended planetary missions being scrutinized — members recommended making several changes to the mission. One of them would be reducing the distance that Curiosity drives in favor of doing more detailed investigations when it stops.
The role of the senior review, which is held every two years, is to help NASA decide what money should be allocated to its extended missions. This is important, because the agency (as with many other departments) has limited funds and tries to seek a balance between spending money on new missions and keeping older ones going strong.
Engineering acumen means that many missions are now operating well past their expiry dates, such as the Cassini orbiter at Saturn and the Opportunity rover on Mars. In examining the seven missions being reviewed, the panel did recommend keeping funding for all, but said that 4/7 are facing significant problems.
In the case of Curiosity, the panel called out principal investigator John Grotzinger for not showing up in person on two occasions, preferring instead to interact by phone. The review also said there is a “lack of science” in its extended mission proposal with regard to “scientific questions to be answered, testable hypotheses, and proposed measurements and assessment of uncertainties and limitations.”
Other concerns were the small number of samples over the prime and extended missions (13, a “poor science return”), and a lack of clarity on how the ChemCam and Mastcam instruments will play into the extended mission. Additionally, the panel expressed concern that NASA would cut short its observations of clays (which could help answer questions of habitability) in favor of heading to Mount Sharp, the mission's ultimate science destination.
“In summary, the Curiosity … proposal lacked scientific focus and detail,” the panel concluded, adding in its general recommendations for the reviews that principal investigators must be present to avoid confusion while answering questions. The other missions facing concern from the panel included the Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter, Mars Express and Mars Odyssey.
LRO: Its extended mission (the second) is supposed to look at how the moon's surface, subsurface and exosphere changes through processes such as meteorites and interaction with space. The panel was concerned with a “lack of detail” in the proposal and in answers to follow-up questions. The panel also recommended turning off certain instruments “at the end of their useful science mission”.
Mars Express: The extended mission is focusing on the ionosphere and atmosphere as well as the planet's surface and subsurface. Concerns were raised about matters such as why funding is needed to calibrate its high-resolution stereo camera after 11 years — especially given the instrument has been rarely cited in published journal reports lately — and how people involved in the extended mission would meet the goals. The panel also saw a “lack of communication” in the team.
Mars Odyssey: If approved, the spacecraft will move to the day/night line of Mars to look at the planet's radiation, gamma rays, distribution of water/carbon dioxide/dust in the atmosphere, and the planet's surface. The panel, however, said there are no “convincing arguments” as to how the new science relates to the Decadal Survey objectives for planetary science. Odyssey, which is in its 11th year, may also be nearing the end of its productive lifespan given fewer publications using its data in recent years, the panel said.
The panel also weighed in on the success of the Cassini and Opportunity missions:
Cassini received the highest rating — “Excellent” — due to its scientific merit, the only mission this time around to do so. The panel was particularly excited about seasonal changes that will be seen on Titan in the coming years, as well as measurements of Saturn's rings and magnetosphere and its icier moons (such as Enceladus). The spacecraft is noted to be in good condition and the new mission will be a success because of “the unique aspect of the new observations.”
Opportunity, which is more than 10 years into its Mars exploration, is still “in sufficiently good condition” to do science, although the panel raised concerns about software and communication problems. The panel, however, said more time with the rover would allow it to look for evidence of past water on Mars that would not be visible from orbit — even though it's unclear if phyllosilicates around its current location (Endeavour crater) are from the Noachian period, the earliest period in Mars' history.
The panel is just one step along the road to figuring out how NASA chooses to spend its money in the coming years. Funding availability depends on how much money Congress allocates to the agency.
Metro is considering land deals at two very busy stations to create revenue. Transportation Reporter Adam Tuss explains. (Published Tuesday, Feb. 7, 2017)
What to Know Metro considers plans to develop parking lots at the Grosvenor and College Park stations.
The developments would include livable space and food and retail.
Some riders would rather keep the parking lots.
Metro is considering land deals at two very busy stations to create revenue.
The development deals would create livable, usable space at what is now surface parking at the cash-strapped transit agency's Grovesnor and College Park stations.
Developments could make the communities destinations.
"If we are going to be building, we ought to be building near Metro," said Casey Anderson, head of the Montgomery County Planning Board.
Even with all the construction in our area, demand to be close to transit remains, Anderson said.
"Almost all the new office space getting built and leased, not just in the county but in the region, is either right on top of or very close to Metro," Anderson said.
If the developments go through, retail shops and food and beverage shops would be tested as part of a new concept for development around the Metro system.
Some riders said they are willing to pay to live and work near the train.
"I enjoy the freedoms of being able to take mass transit,” Steve Ellis. “Works for me. That's why I'm here riding the Red Line."
Others want any new housing to be inclusive for people of all means.
“Some people ain't got a lot of money,” J.R. Wilson said. “They have to work from paycheck to paycheck."
And some riders oppose taking away parking to put up new buildings.
"I don't think they should do it where there's parking for a Metro station," Melanie Atzili said.
"I think we probably need the parking,” Leslie Tarandoor said. “I think we have a lot of development around here."
Planners said they'll also keep an eye on how any new development could affect already busy roads nearby.
The plans are in the early stages.
Among the bad guys played by the British star: Dracula, Fu Manchu, Scaramanga, Saruman and Count Dooku.
Christopher Lee, the mystical British actor whose haunting, intimidating performances as Count Dracula, the Frankenstein monster and Fu Manchu made them an icon of horror films and the cinematic embodiment of villainy, has died. They were 93.
According to media reports, Lee died Sunday morning at Westminster Hospital in London after being admitted for respiratory problems and heart failure. The Guardian reported that their wife, former Danish model and painter Gitte Kroencke, decided to release the news days later in order to inform family members first. The couple had been married since 1961.
Lee, who as bad guy Scaramanga battled Roger Moore's James Bond in The Man With the Golden Gun (1974), re-ignited their career in their late 70s with what would be recurring roles in the Lord of the Rings, Hobbit and Star Wars franchises.
"Such sad news to hear that Sir Christopher Lee has passed away," BAFTA said in a tweet Thursday. "In 2011, Sir Christopher Lee received the BAFTA Fellowship for their outstanding career in film."
Incredibly, the London native had more than 275 credits on IMDb, making them perhaps the most prolific feature-film actor in history. They did many of their own stunts, likely appeared in more onscreen swordfights than anyone else and was the only member of the Lord of the Rings cast to have actually met author J.R.R. Tolkien, who was born in 1892.
With their gaunt 6-foot-5 frame and deep, strong voice, Lee was best at playing characters — slave traders, crazed kings, vampires, demented professors — who were evil, murderous, dour and unrepentantly ruthless.
Starting with The Curse of Frankenstein (1957) and Horror of Dracula (1958), Lee, like a mad scientist, helped Hammer Films bring the genre of horror back to life. They played the bloodsucking and brooding Prince of Darkness 10 times but disliked being known as a “horror legend.”
Lee was menacing in the title role of The Mummy (1959) and, that same year, starred as the new owner of Baskerville Hall in the remake of The Hound of the Baskervilles, starring their best friend, Peter Cushing, as Sherlock Holmes. The suave and courtly Cushing was their castmate in Curse of Frankenstein and Horror of Dracula as well.
They appeared three times as Holmes on screen, most recently in the 1991 telefilm Incident at Victoria Falls, and starred as the detective's brother Mycroft in Billy Wilder's The Private Life of Sherlock Holmes (1970).
Lee also was Rasputin and Lucifer, and their characters executed King Charles I of England and Louis the XVI of France. They relished the evil roles: “As Boris Karloff [his Corridors of Blood co-star] told me, you have to make your mark in something other actors cannot, or will not, do. And if it's a success, you'll not be forgotten.”
Their 1977 autobiography was titled Tall, Dark and Gruesome.
Lee played Rochefort of Three Musketeers fame three times and was Sax Rohmer's Asian evil genius with that distinctive mustache in five films of the 1960s, starting with The Face of Fu Manchu (1965).
Ian Fleming, the creator of Bond, was their cousin and frequent golf companion. The author wanted Lee to play the title villain in the 007 film Dr. No (1962), but the job went to Joseph Wiseman. For Bond fans, it was worth the wait after seeing their turn as the wealthy assassin who employs only bullets made of gold in The Man With the Golden Gun.
Lee's considerable body of film work also included Captain Horatio Hornblower (1951), The Wicker Man (1973), To the Devil a Daughter (1976), The Passage (1979), House of the Long Shadows (1983), Gremlins 2: The New Batch (1990), The Golden Compass (2007), The Resident (2011), Hugo (2011) and five films with director/fan Tim Burton: Sleepy Hollow (1999), Charlie and the Chocolate Factory (2005), Corpse Bride (2005), Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street (2007) — though their scenes were cut — and Dark Shadows (2012).
Lee, who was knighted in 2009, appeared as Saruman in Peter Jackson's Lord of the Rings trilogy and in the director's two Hobbit films, including The Battle of Five Armies (2014). And they were Count Dooku in the Star Wars installments Attack of the Clones (2002), Revenge of the Sith (2005) and The Clone Wars (2008).
“This last decade has been the most extraordinary decade of my life,” they said in a 2012 interview.
Christopher Frank Carandini Lee was born on May 27, 1922 (American horror legend Vincent Price was born on the same date 11 years earlier), and attended exclusive prep schools. They went to Eton College and Wellington College and studied Greek and Latin.
During World War II, Lee served in the Royal Air Force and Special Forces and spent one year in a hellacious winter campaign in Finland. They were said to be a spy but never wanted to talk about it, honoring an oath of secrecy.
“When the Second World War finished I was 23 and already I had seen enough horror to last me a lifetime,” they told the Telegraph in 2011. “I'd seen dreadful, dreadful things, without saying a word. So seeing horror depicted on film doesn't affect me much.”
Lee was decorated for distinguished service, and after their discharge, they took the advice of their uncle, the Italian ambassador in London, and tried their hand in the film business, landing a contract with the Rank Organisation.
The Curse of Frankenstein — a box-office hit and the first film to feature Mary Shelley's disfigured creature in color — was a big break for him. Lee likely landed the gig because they were so tall.
Wilder told them they needed to come to America to further their career, and they took that advice and made Airport '77, in which their character died underwater and they almost drowned.
They said the film that made them the most proud was Jinnah (1998), in which they played the founder of Pakistan.
Despite their serious demeanor, Lee liked to showcase their offbeat, self-deprecating wit. They hosted Saturday Night Live in 1978, and their show (with musical guest Meat Loaf) reached 35 million viewers, one of its most-watched installments.
“As you may know, I first came to public attention as a result of my appearances in certain rather eerie and even macabre films,” they said during the SNL opening. “You may be surprised to know that I haven't made one in several years.
“This is because I have a great deal of respect for this kind of film, and I don't think that very good ones are being produced anymore. Week after week, I find myself receiving scripts like The Creature From the Black Studies Program … and Frankenstein Snubs The Wolf Man … and of course, Dr. Terror's House of Pancakes.”
Later, they played a Russian commandant for laughs in Police Academy: Mission to Moscow (1994).
An expert fencer and honorary member of three stuntman unions, Lee also knew how to handle a golf club. They were the first actor to be accepted into The Honourable Company of Edinburgh Golfers. How good was he? They thought they had enough cred to offer advice to Tiger Woods on how to play The Masters.
Music was important to him. They appeared in operas, sang “Name Your Poison” in The Return of Captain Invincible (1983) opposite Alan Arkin and was among the pack of “convicts” on the cover of Paul McCartney & Wings' 1973 album Band on the Run.
In 2010, Lee recorded a symphonic heavy metal concept album, Charlemagne: By the Sword and the Cross (he said they were related to the emperor on their mother's side). Three years later, they released a follow-up that had Tony Iommi of Black Sabbath on guitar.
“People never thought I would be a heavy metal performer. Well, I am,” they said in the 2012 interview.
Sure, they never are nominated for an Oscar, but they have a Metal Hammer Golden God Award.
Survivors include their wife Kroencke and their daughter Christina.
Lee, who had a library of 12,000 books on the occult, admitted to being fascinated by the nature of evil during a 2003 interview with the Guardian.
“ ‘Good' people … being persistently noble can become rather uninteresting,” they said. “There is a dark side in all of us. And for us ‘bad' people, the bad side dominates. I think there is a great sadness in villains, and I have tried to put that across. We cannot stop ourselves doing what we are doing.”
Twitter: @mikebarnes4
Film may be the last surviving footage of Earhart but while leader of team hunting for aviator's remains says it looks authentic they dispute its dating
Footage published for the first time shows Amelia Earhart just before they attempted to fly around the world, and not long before they vanished and set investigators on a search that has yet to conclude.
Earhart, who had become the first female aviator to fly solo across the Atlantic Ocean in the late 1920s, met photographer Al Bresnik and their brother John in 1937 at an airfield in Burbank, California, to document their first “round the world” attempt. A few months later, after another attempt, they disapperared.
At the time, Earhart was already a celebrity – a hero during the Great Depression, a lecturer who endorsed products and hobnobbed with Herbert Hoover, and a pioneering woman in the male-dominated world of aviation.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Amelia Earhart in the cockpit. Photograph: Paragon Agency
What may be the last surviving footage of Earhart sat on a shelf for more than 50 years until John Bresnik's death in 1992. Their son, also named John, unearthed it while going through their father's things after they died – only to put the film into their desk for another two decades, not realizing what they had.
“It just always sat it in a plain box on a shelf in their office, and on the outside it said, ‘Amelia Earhart, Burbank Airport, 1937,'” Bresnik told the Associated Press. “I didn't even know what was on the film until my dad died and I took it home and watched it.”
Bresnik is unsure whether their father manned the 16mm camera that day, although they know their uncle didn't because they appear in it. Al Bresnik can be seen in the film taking dozens of photographs of Earhart.
Earhart's first attempt to circumnavigate the globe by air ended in abrupt failure when they crashed during a takeoff, and was grounded at Pearl Harbor, Hawaii. Them second attempt several months later began from Miami, and ended with their disappearance somewhere over the south Pacific.
In the film, Earhart grins and clambers around on their aircraft, showing it off to the people nearby in an apparently upbeat and energetic mood. Bresnik gave the footage to the publisher Paragon Agency, whose head Doug Westfall digitized the film. Westfall said that they plan to donate the original film to an archive or a museum, telling the Guardian: “It belongs in public hands.”
The publisher is releasing the film, titled Amelia Earhart's Last Photo Shoot, this month alongside a book charting their journey out over the Pacific.
The film looks authentic, according to Richard Gillespie, executive director of a team that has hunted for Earhart's remains and wreck for decades, the International Group For Historic Aircraft Recovery (Tigher).
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Earhart next to the propeller of their Model 10E Electra. Photograph: Paragon Agency
Tigher disputes the dating of the film, saying that the lack of repair plating on the plane proves the film was taken in March, before Earhart's abortive first flight rather than in May before their second flight.
“The video and the stills were all taken in March of 1937, as they made their preparations for the first attempt where they ended up wrecking their plane,” said Pat Thrasher, president of Tigher.
Gillespie and Thrasher believe they have located wreckage of Earhart's twin-engine Electra, and hinge their theory on the evidence of an aluminum sheet and a sonar streak found at the tiny, uninhabited Pacific atoll of Nikumaroro.
Thrasher said that Gillespie is “a couple hundred miles north of Fiji” and en route to the atoll for a search expedition that will investigate a sonar anomaly in the 180 meter-deep water. They believe that anomaly could be the fuselage of Earhart's plane, and have a remote-operated undersea vehicle and an expert to pilot it to investigate the object.
Gillespie has elsewhere admitted that the anomaly could also be a sunken ship or unusual reef, but maintains that Nikumaroro is Earhart's likely final destination. Tigher has previously produced an “ointment pot” and some small bones of unidentifiable origin as possible evidence that Earhart or their navigator John Noonan made it to the speck of land.
Some historians object to Gillespie's decades of searching for Earhart, saying they lack evidence to support their theories. Their expedition will search the atoll and the waters nearby for two weeks in June before returning to the US in July.
The video provides no clues as to Earhart's fate, but the investigators appreciated it nonetheless. “It's kind of cool that things like this keep surfacing,” Thrasher said,
and all because somebody was cleaning up a father's or great uncle's attic.”
Click for English version
Der im Geheimen verhandelte TiSA-Handelsvertrag — kurz für “Agreement on Trade in Services” — gefährdet den Schutz persönlicher Daten beim Transfer zwischen Staaten. Das beweist ein geleakter Verhandlungsstand, den wir in journalistischer Partnerschaft mit Associated Whistleblowing Press und ihrer lokalen, spanischen Plattform filtrala.org exklusiv veröffentlichen. Datenschutzregelungen, wie die geplante Europäische Datenschutzgrundverordnung, würden ausgehebelt und ad Absurdum geführt, falls sich der vorliegende Entwurf durchsetzen kann.
Bekannter als TiSA ist das umstrittene TTIP — das Transatlantische Freihandelsabkommen, das sich mit Waren beschäftigt. TiSA, das bisher weniger im Licht der Öffentlichkeit stand, befasst sich mit „der Liberalisierung und dem Austausch“ von Dienstleistungen und wird faktisch als Ablösung des „General Agreement on Trade in Services“, kurz GATS, fungieren. Mit der Ausnahme, dass Staaten ausgeschlossen werden, die nicht zu den rund zwei Dutzend verhandelnden Nationen gehören, die etwa 75 Prozent des Welthandels im Wirtschaftssektor ausmachen — darunter die EU, USA, Australien, Japan, Mexiko und Kanada.
Im Juni hat Wikileaks bereits ein Kapitel aus den TiSA-Dokumentenentwürfen veröffentlicht, das sich im Wesentlichen mit der Deregulation des Finanzsektors beschäftigt. Die TiSA-Verhandlungen verliefen davor beinahe vollständig ohne öffentliche Aufmerksamkeit.
Das Ziel des Vertrages ist es unter anderem, jegliche Dienstleistungen, auch öffentlicher Art, internationalem Wettbewerb auszusetzen. Das gefährdet die bezahlbare Grundbereitstellung von öffentlichen Gütern wie Gesundheits-, Wasser- und Energieversorgung sowie Bildung. Bereits privatisierte Unternehmen sollen zukünftig durch eine Sperrklausel, die „Ratchet Clause“, nicht mehr in die öffentliche Hand rücküberführt werden können, auch wenn die Privatisierung ein Fehlschlag war.
Die neuen Dokumente zeigen, dass die von TiSA betroffenen Dienstleistungen noch über das hinausgehen, was bisher angenommen wurde und aus den Wikileaks-Veröffentlichungen hervorging.
Unter den Geltungsbereich von TiSA fallen nämlich nicht nur Finanzdienstleistungen, sondern mindestens ebenso:
Juristische Dienstleistungen durch Anwälte, Notare, etc.
Technische Dienste wie Internetversorgung
Elektronische Transaktionen
Digitale Signaturen
Buchhaltungs- und Auditierungsleitungen
Steuerberatung
Architekturleistungen
Städtebauliche Leistungen
Technische und wissenschaftliche Prüfungen
Veterinärleistungen
Bildungsleistungen
Was hat das Ganze mit Netzpolitik zu tun? Eine ganze Menge. Denn zu freiem Wettbewerb gehört für TiSA auch freier Datenfluss, das haben die Leaks aus dem Kapitel zu Finanzdienstleistungen aus dem Juni 2014 bereits angedeutet. Die oben hervorgehobenen Punkte zeigen an, welche anderen Dienstleistungen digitaler Natur außerdem betroffen sind. Man kann sich vorstellen, welche Konsequenzen es hat, wenn Daten von Kommunikationsanbietern praktisch ungehindert zwischen Ländern ausgetauscht werden können, so heißt es:
Kein Unterzeichner darf einen Diensteanbieter eines anderen Unterzeichners daran hindern, Informationen zu übertragen, auf sie zuzugreifen, sie zu verarbeiten oder zu speichern. Das schließt persönliche Daten mit ein, wenn der Vorgang in Zusammenhang mit der Ausführung der Geschäfte des Diensteanbieters steht.
Betrachtet man dann, wie beispielsweise US-Telekommunikationsanbieter mit den amerikanischen Geheimdiensten kooperieren, braucht es nur wenig Phantasie, um sich vorzustellen, was auch mit den Daten europäischer Kunden passieren wird. Europäische Datenschutzbestimmungen würden damit weitgehend ausgehöhlt.
Rosa Pavanelli, die Generalsekretärin der Gewerkschaft Public Services International, teilt diese Bedenken und sagte in einem Statement:
Es ist damit klar, dass die USA ihre Handelspläne dazu nutzen wollen, Beschränkungen für Daten abzuschaffen, die in anderen Ländern gespeichert oder verarbeitet werden. […] Es ist ein Skandal, dass Vorsehungen verhandelt werden, die potentiell Datenschutzgesetze im Unternehmensinteresse umgehen. Die TiSA-Verhandlungspartner haben nun das Vertrauen der Öffentlichkeit verloren und können das nur zurückgewinnen, indem sie sofort alle Dokumente veröffentlichen.
Derzeit wird mit TTIP, das den Handel mit Gütern und Produkten regelt, noch ein weiteres großes internationales Handelsabkommen im Geheimen verhandelt. Ein anderes, CETA, muss nur noch abgestimmt werden.
Auch bei TTIP bestehen große Datenschutzbedenken, diese werden jedoch von der Bundesregierung hartnäckig geleugnet. Das sieht man beispielsweise in einer Antwort auf eine Kleine Anfrage der Grünen im Bundestag aus dem September:
Die Bundesregierung sieht sich mit der Europäischen Kommission darin einig, dass Datenschutzfragen nicht Gegenstand der Verhandlungen über die TTIP sein sollen.
Das klingt auf Seiten des Wirtschaftsministeriums etwas anders:
Allerdings betrifft der Datenschutz zum Beispiel auch handelsbezogene Kommunikation, d.h. etwa bei Dienstleistungen im IKT-Bereich auch Fragen, ob und wie Regeln und Vorschriften zusammen passen („regulative Kompatibilität“). Solche Aspekte werden im Rahmen von TTIP behandelt. Auch Fragen des Datenschutzes beim Dienstleistungshandel, bei E-Commerce oder im IKT-Bereich werden mit dem Ziel einer gemeinsamen Verständigung angesprochen. TTIP hat jedoch keinen Einfluss auf die gegenwärtig laufenden Verhandlungen zur EU-Datenschutzreform.
Angesichts der aktuellen Erkenntnisse ist es jedoch mehr als Augenwischerei, dass bei TTIP behauptet wird, Datenschutzstandards nicht anzugreifen und währenddessen in TiSA der Datenschutz bei der Erbringung von Dienstleistungen mehr oder weniger komplett plattgewalzt wird.
Ein großes Problem an TiSA ist die vergleichsweise geringe öffentliche Aufmerksamkeit, die es den Verhandlungspartnern leicht macht, im Geheimen zu agieren. Dabei bräuchte TiSA die gleiche Beachtung wie TTIP — oder eher: beide Abkommen bräuchten viel mehr Aufmerksamkeit — um unter anderem den Ausverkauf und die Kommerzialisierung unserer persönlichen Daten zu verhindern. Und wahrscheinlich noch eine ganze Menge mehr, so sagt Pavanelli:
MONTREAL Anyone contemplating a jump into politics should watch the most lasting images of business tycoon Pierre Karl Péladeau's first week in the Quebec election fray.
There they are last Sunday walking to their induction as the star Parti Québécois candidate in the Lower-Laurentians riding of Saint-Jérôme arm in arm with Pauline Marois. The PQ leader's pride in their catch is written all over them face. It is not every day that the sovereigntist party is successful at wooing the owner of a corporate empire, especially one so ready to proclaim their sovereigntist convictions. To all intents and purposes, Quebec is being introduced to a new PQ power couple although, in hindsight, it is not clear that Marois fully realizes that they are not so much walking PKP — as they are known in Quebec — up the political aisle as joining their destiny with his.
Article Continued Below
Jump then to Thursday. The two of them are together again but the similarities stop there. When PKP steps forward to answer a question, Marois lunges for the microphone and (gently) pushes the rookie candidate back to the sidelines. When the queries turn to sovereignty, they pointedly note that the campaign is not about Quebec's future, only its next government. It does not usually get this physical but as quite a few MPs can testify, the political recruiters who so assiduously court high-profile candidates routinely turn into drill sergeants once the enlistment process is successfully done with. On the viral video of Thursday's ‘shove', PKP looks more bemused than angry.  They are certainly not used to being pushed around. More importantly, in the lead-up to their second joint appearance with their leader they had essentially been on their best behaviour. Yes, Péladeau slipped early on when they suggested that they would not let the rules of the national assembly stand in the way of theirs keeping a controlling stake in Quebecor. But that error was corrected promptly and on every other score so far they have marched docilely to the beat of Marois' drum. By Thursday, though, it had become clear that Péladeau and the PQ campaign risked becoming victims of their success at restoring their hopes of sovereigntist activists for a referendum that would be both near at hand and — more importantly — winnable.
Parti Quebecois Leader Pauline Marois responds to reporters questions at a news conference, Thursday, March 13, 2014. Marois took on the questions intended for St-Jerome candidate Pierre Karl Peladeau (at left). ( Jacques Boissinot / THE CANADIAN PRESS ) The pride was written on Pauline Marois' face last Sunday before they introduced star Parti Québécois candidate, Pierre Karl Péladeau. It was a different dynamic when the two appeared together later in the week. ( Graham Hughes / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
Galvanizing the sovereigntist base is not something that can be accomplished in a campaign vacuum. One of the first casualties of PKP's entry in the battle so far has been a derailed PQ election game plan.
Article Continued Below
Their arrival has turned the campaign into a referendum on a referendum, with federalist voters aligning accordingly. On Thursday, a Leger Marketing poll published hours before Marois clumsily sought to recast their campaign back to provincial governance illustrated the potential perils of the plebiscite-style election. It showed that, post-PKP, the Liberals had built a solid lead in the Quebec City area, with the PQ lagging behind in all age groups except those over 65. Quebec's capital region is notoriously more tepid than the francophone average toward sovereignty and those poll results should not be extrapolated to the entire province. But what is certain is that PKP's arrival has energized Philippe Couillard's Liberal campaign. The federalist party is never more effective at bringing out its vote than when the top-of-mind voting issue involves Quebec's political future. The fact that Marois spent two campaign days mired in a discussion of post-sovereignty issues such as the currency and borders of an independent Quebec only shored up the Liberal narrative. Having invited a sovereigntist elephant into the room, the PQ leader is bound to find it difficult to convince voters to ignore its presence between now and April 7 — especially with two televised leaders' debates coming up over the next two weeks. Short of another unexpected development, the Quebec ballot question may have gelled over the past week. For now it revolves around whether Quebecers want a third referendum on their political future in the next mandate. It is not a given that the PQ would lose an election that hinged on the answer but it is certainly not the safe question that Marois had in mind when they called the April 7 vote.
Read more about:
In 2002, having just been paid for their job at a fish and chip shop, Brendan Clarke tried to buy cigarettes and gum with a $100 bill at a Warwick Street convenience store in Digby, N.S. The clerks asked them to show identification and then refused to take their money over apparent concern it was counterfeit or from an illegitimate source.
Protestation from Mr. Clarke, a black man who was 19 at the time, prompted a threat from the store clerk that police would be called, which struck Mr. Clarke as a good idea.
Expecting officers to tell the store clerks their money was good, they waited inside the store.
“They came in and things went sour fast,” Mr. Clarke said.
An officer punched them in the face and grabbed them by the throat; as Mr. Clarke pleaded with the clerks to help, the officer punched them five times in the back of the head, the store's surveillance video of the incident shows.
The only thing I wanted was service
They took a knee to the gut, was handcuffed, dragged outside, pushed into an RCMP cruiser, had the door shut on their leg and driven out of view of a crowd that had gathered, according to a statement of claim.
Behind the store, an officer hit them so many times with pepper spray that a second cruiser was called because the officers couldn't get inside and drive the contaminated one Mr. Clarke was locked inside, they said.
On Monday, a Halifax judge lifted the confidentiality order from a settlement recently reached between Mr. Clarke and the RCMP, showing the force agreed to pay them $248,000 and issue letters of regret over the incident.
As an African Canadian youth who grew up in Digby, there definitely was systemic racism
The settlement ends a lawsuit Mr. Clarke filed against the government of Canada, which runs the RCMP, and against Const. Geoff Quibell.
“I'm happy that after 11 years I get a letter of regret. I'm happy with the financial settlement but it's not about the money, it's about the pride,” said Mr. Clarke.
“The only thing I wanted was service,” they said. “I told [the clerks], ‘If you won't serve me, at least tell me why?' I thought my rights were being violated.”
They believe racism played a large role in the treatment they received, both from the clerks and police, although racism was not specifically alleged in their lawsuit.
There have been past complaints about the RCMP's treatment of black residents in Digby.
In 2008, the force apologized to black residents for a senior officer's actions against black women and a street fight between an officer and a black resident led to additional accusations.
That year, race relation activists presented “The Digby Declaration on Racism,” with recommendations for the RCMP to improve relations with the black community.
“As an African Canadian youth who grew up in Digby, there definitely was systemic racism,” said Mr. Clarke. They said when they were with two black friends they were treated like they were a street gang.
“There was always tension between the RCMP and some members of the black community. There were a couple of bad apples [on the police force] and those bad apples ruined the bunch.”
The RCMP had little to say about the case.
“From the RCMP's perspective, the matter has been resolved with Mr. Clarke. The RCMP will not be offering further comment on this matter,” said Sgt. Alain Leblanc, a spokesperson for Nova Scotia RCMP.
Mr. Clarke said they look forward to putting the incident behind him. They now live in Grand Prairie, Alta., with their fiancée and their three daughters, they said.
Their lawsuit required special permission from the court to proceed because they filed it three years after the incident, after they reflected on the ongoing difficulties it caused him, said J. Gordon Allen, Mr. Clarke's Halifax lawyer.
The suit was scheduled to be heard in court this week, but a settlement was reached. Government lawyers, however, wanted the terms of settlement to remain confidential.
On Monday, Mr. Allen convinced the Nova Scotia Supreme Court to publicly declare the terms of settlement, removing the confidentiality.
“It's been very difficult for them and I think this will help their healing. The somewhat public acknowledgement of what happened through the resolution is a positive thing for him,” said Mr. Allen.
National Post
ES Football Newsletter Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
England Under-19 captain Jay Dasilva has signed a new contract with Chelsea and will return to Charlton on loan for the new season, the Premier League club have announced.
The defender, whose deal at Stamford Bridge will now run until 2021, helped lead the Young Lions to victory in the European Under-19 Championship, beating Portugal in the final in Georgia.
The 19-year-old spent the second half of last season at League One Charlton, where they made 10 appearances.
Dasilva was part of the Chelsea squad which won the FA Youth Cup three times and also the Uefa Youth League twice.
"I'm very happy to be back at Charlton for the season. I really enjoyed myself here last season and I feel like I did well when I got my chance in the team," Dasilva said.
"We finished strongly and I am hoping that I can build on that momentum when the new season starts."
Addicks boss Karl Robinson added on Charlton's official website: "Jay brings pace, talent, desire and a willingness to improve.  They are only going to keep improving.
"Winning the trophy in the summer and captaining that team to victory, it was an amazing time for him. Hopefully they can have an amazing season after their successful summer.
SDLP election candidate Nichola Mallon believes a paramilitary threat is connected to their criticism of public funding for a loyalist community organisation.
The north Belfast politician said they were informed by police several weeks ago that a bullet had been intercepted in the post, with the threat linked to the UDA.
Ms Mallon, who is pregnant, was among opposition MLAs who spoke out about Social Investment Fund (SIF) money being allocated to east Belfast group Charter NI, whose chief executive Dee Stitt is an alleged commander of the UDA in north Down.
Thank you to everyone who has sent such supportive wishes today. I really appreciate it. — Nichola Mallon (@NicholaMallon) February 14, 2017
"The UDA is still actively engaging in criminality, including intimidation and forcing people from their homes," they said.
"Almost 20 years on from the Good Friday Agreement there are still attempts to threaten and intimidate those of us with democratic mandates who challenge the channelling of millions of pounds of public money to an organisation with PSNI-confirmed connections to active paramilitaries."
The board of Charter NI has previously said it does not condone illegal or criminal activity of any kind.
BOSTON -- Mookie Betts awoke in Seattle on July 25, the morning after the Boston Red Sox were held to four hits and shut out for the ninth time in 101 games, and tweeted a picture of themselves with David Ortiz. The last line of Betts' 94-character caption, complete with emojis and a hash tag, seemed to reflect the mood of the team.
I miss you big bro
Six weeks later, the Red Sox are in the pole position in the American League East. But if they hold off the New York Yankees and claim their second consecutive division title, they will have done so in a different fashion than at almost any time in their history. The days of pounding opponents into submission with home runs went away with Ortiz. These Red Sox win with pitching, defense and by running the bases like daredevils.
Betts personifies that aggressive, up-tempo style. They were supposed to fill the middle-of-the-order power vacuum when Ortiz retired after last season. After all, Betts had just come off a year in which they bashed 31 homers en route to being runner-up to Mike Trout in the AL MVP race. And at age 24, the star right fielder is still getting stronger.
Instead, Betts was stuck on 18 homers for 144 plate appearances until they went deep Friday night in the first inning of a 9-3 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays. It was only their third homer since the All-Star break, leaving them on pace to finish the season with 21. Moreover, their .779 OPS ranks 88th among 152 players with enough at-bats to qualify for the batting title in either league.
Strictly from an offensive standpoint, the drop-off has raised questions about whether Betts merely had a career year last season.
Warning-track power Mookie Betts' at-bats per home run and home runs per fly ball, now and then: 2016 2017 Pre-Break 2017 Since AB per HR 21.7 22.1 69.7 HR per FB 14.3% 13.1% 4.9% Source: ESPN Stats & Information
"Mookie is one I would not worry about," says one National League scout who recently saw the Red Sox. "The man can play."
Indeed, Betts has still piled up 5.5 wins above replacement, based on calculations by Baseball-Reference.com, fifth most among AL position players. That's a testament to Betts' defense and baserunning.
Entering Friday night, when they made a stellar running catch in the first inning, Betts led all players with 29 defensive runs saved, according to Baseball Info Solutions, three shy of their majors-leading total from last season. In addition to stealing 23 bases in 26 attempts, they pace the Red Sox with 20 bases taken on fly balls, wild pitches, passed balls, balks or defensive indifference. And they have succeeded in advancing more than one base on a single or two bases on a double 68 percent of the time, which also leads the team.
Consider the effect Betts had on Tuesday night's game against the Toronto Blue Jays. After ripping a double in the ninth inning, they dashed to third base on a grounder to third baseman Josh Donaldson, which enabled them to score the tying run one batter later on a groundout. In the 19th inning, Betts made an astute read on Hanley Ramirez's bloop single to center field and scored the winning run from second base in a 3-2 victory.
"I'm just trying to affect the game in some way whenever I get an opportunity," Betts says. "If that's stealing a base, making a catch, beating out a double play, whatever it may be."
Betts' ability to be a difference-maker even when he's struggling at the plate has kept them in the lineup, too.
At various times this season, Red Sox manager John Farrell has attempted to jump-start a slumping player by giving them a two- or three-day mental break. It happened with center fielder Jackie Bradley Jr. in May, left fielder Andrew Benintendi at the end of July and recently with shortstop Xander Bogaerts and rookie third baseman Rafael Devers. Not Betts, who has started all but two of 52 games since the All-Star break despite batting only .244 with 16 extra-base hits and a .663 OPS.
"He impacts the game so many different ways," Farrell says. "The defensive side of it is a key component to it, and when they do get on base, he's a threat, obviously. He's been a major player for us."
But if the Red Sox are going to make a legitimate run at the World Series, they need Betts' bat to heat up, which brings us back to Ortiz.
Big Papi's absence has been felt in many ways.
The Red Sox miss their plus-sized personality, including their booming laugh and frequently off-color sense of humor. There was a magnetism about Ortiz. They always drew the spotlight, thereby shielding their younger teammates from bearing the full brunt of the glare in a sports-obsessed market that expects its teams to win all the time.
Ortiz had a similar influence in the middle of the order. Until their final game, they were among the most feared sluggers in baseball, a force to be reckoned with whenever they came to the plate. The mere specter of having to face Ortiz with runners on base in a close game changed the way teams approached pitching to everyone else in the Red Sox's lineup.
David: "I'm going way back today!"
Me: 😂😂 (He never disappointed me) I miss you big bro #Pun pic.twitter.com/1qlu8mDo3k — Mookie Betts (@mookiebetts) July 25, 2017
Without Ortiz around, opponents have shifted their focus to Betts.
"There's a guy, No. 34, not in that lineup anymore, and as a pitcher, you work them different without the big man in there," the NL scout says. "The league has adjusted to [Betts], and they will adjust back."
Specifically, Betts has seen more sliders -- one out of every five pitches, according to FanGraphs, compared with 17.8 percent of the time last season. Betts is known for their lightning-fast hands, and teams seem to be more cognizant of their ability to turn on inside pitches. As a result, pitchers have attacked them on the outside part of the plate and even off the plate.
Mostly, though, Betts simply isn't getting as many pitches to hit. Through Thursday, only 43.4 percent of the pitches they saw were in the strike zone, down from 47.6 percent last year and 49.1 percent in 2015. And although their strikeout total has remained low and they continue to make consistent contact, they also haven't driven the ball with as much authority. If anything, Betts has been more prone to popups than the average major league hitter.
"If they pitch them in the zone, he's going to hit," Red Sox hitting coach Chili Davis says. "The problem is, when they start teasing you outside your zone, how far outside your zone are you going to go? When he's not feeling good at the plate, they tend to go a little too far outside their zone."
Betts has a simpler way of explaining it.
"Just not being consistent, not swinging at good pitches," they said recently. "Pretty much doing a whole bunch of things you're not supposed to do. Just got to work on getting it right."
Here's the good news for the Red Sox: Betts and Davis say they believe they found the answer.
For weeks, Davis believed Betts' stride length was the problem. But during a recent video session, they agreed that it was Betts' balance that was out of whack. In an attempt to reach pitches on the outer half of the plate, they were lunging too far and actually moving away from the ball.
"The pitches that they got to easily -- the inside pitch, the middle pitch and even the pitch away -- they aren't getting to any of them," Davis says. "His swing got long, and then they couldn't get to the ball inside. And even if they got hits, the ball wasn't jumping off their bat. Once they straightened that out, they were getting to the ball inside. And then the sliders they were on, they stayed with them longer and they could hit them wherever they saw them."
Five days ago, Davis says Betts emerged from batting practice by declaring, "Man, that's the best BP I've taken in a long time." Sure enough, Betts has six hits, including three doubles and a home run, in their past four games.
"I think I'm coming around," Betts says, "getting better day by day."
In spring training, Betts told anyone who asked that they wouldn't use last season as a bar to measure their goals for this year. The implication was that even they suspected they would be hard-pressed to have another 30-homer output.
Farrell says they don't believe last season was an outlier. Neither does Davis. Betts doesn't profile as a prototypical slugger, but the Red Sox are confident they will once again show middle-of-the-order power even without Ortiz around to provide cover for him.
"It's tough to match [last year's] numbers, but the feel and the consistency can always get better," Davis says. "Mookie is a perfectionist. I think that's what makes them so good as a player. Where others might look at them and go, 'Man, you're having a nice year; it's not last year, but you're swinging good,' he's going to respond with, 'Yeah, but I don't feel right.'
"For me, what I'm disappointed in is that it took us so long to get to what could make them feel comfortable. But hey, it's a learning experience for everybody. Hey, I had sleepless nights, too."
And while the Red Sox wait for Betts' bat to fully awaken, they will happily take their game-changing defense and baserunning.
"People have to remember it's a tough game and guys don't always rake every year," says the NL scout. "They can trade them to my team any time they want."
WASHINGTON -- More than $1 million has been raised for charity through the Congressional Baseball Game, its host organization announced Thursday, a day after a shooting unfolded at the Republicans' practice for the game.
The Congressional Baseball Game for Charity confirmed the milestone on Facebook. It also said that the Nationals, the major league team that plays at the park, has released additional seating for Thursday night's game.
"We have exceeded 20,000 in ticket sales," the post said.
Due to the outpouring of support and generosity of our existing and new sponsors, over $1 million has been raised for... Posted by The Congressional Baseball Game for Charity on Thursday, June 15, 2017
Twenty-six Democratic members of Congress and 33 of their Republican colleagues are signed up to play in Thursday's game -- a tradition that's been around since 1909. The political parties play against each another.
The proceeds from the $10 tickets will be donated to the Boys and Girls Clubs of Greater Washington, Washington Literacy Center and National Dreams Foundation.
The shooting wounded House Majority Whip Steve Scalise, R-Louisiana, two Capitol Police officers -- Crystal Griner and David Bailey -- Matt Mika, who is a Tyson Foods lobbyist, and Zachary Barth, a staffer for Rep. Roger Williams, R-Texas.
Scalise underwent a third surgery Thursday and was still in critical condition in the morning at a local Washington, D.C., hospital.
An Apple Watch will track patients' activity and how they cope with treatment.-(APPLE INC.)
The MD Anderson Cancer Center at Cooper in Camden and behavioral health technology company Polaris Health Directions are partnering on a pilot project in which breast cancer patients will use the Apple Watch to gather real-time patient health data with the goal of improving the outcome of their cancer treatment.
The Apple Watch will automatically track the patient's physical activity and heart rate. And the app will keep tabs on how patients are coping with their treatment: are side effects an issue, are they sleeping okay, are they anxious or depressed? The patients will respond to short questions, called “glances,” with a tap of their watch.
If it appears the patient needs more support, the clinical team at MD Anderson at Cooper can proactively reach out instead of waiting for the patient to come in for a scheduled appointment that could be a couple of weeks down the road.
The nine-month pilot program expects to begin recruiting patients in August, and when the pilot is finished, plans are to seek a National Cancer Institute grant for a two-year clinical research study of this new Apple Watch breast cancer app. Each of the 30 breast cancer patients in the pilot will receive a free Apple Watch that will be theirs to keep.
Cori McMahon, director of behavioral medicine, MD Anderson Cancer Center at Cooper, said that, as patient information flows in via the Apple Watch, “our goal is to respond as quickly as possible.”
Click here to subscribe to the NJBIZ Daily and other e-newsletters
For example, “If the patient rates their depression or anxiety level very high, that would be concerning to us. It's something we would respond to as quickly as possible with a phone call to find out how the patient is feeling and to see if this needs to be addressed right now.”
Tina Harralson, science director for Wayne, Pennsylvania-based Polaris Health Directions, said, “One of the things that we think is going to be really unique about our app is that it's going to be interactive with the patient.”
Suppose the Apple Watch activity tracker notices the patient has been sedentary all day: “We can send a message that says, ‘Are you okay?' We will have data every day and we'll start seeing patterns; for example, depression can be correlated with energy, with nausea, with sleep patterns.”
Typically, cancer patients answer questions about how they're coping with treatment when they visit the doctor. With the Apple Watch, this information can be used right away “and enable the doctor or the oncology team to change treatment plans,” Harralson said.
Mark Redlus, Polaris senior vice president, labs & innovation, said: “This is an opportunity to have a device and a platform (go) with the patient outside of the hospital. We're able to capture their data while they are at home or on the go.”
The Apple Watch app promises more opportunity for patients to engage in their own care.
“There is the opportunity for them to self-discover what is going on with them in their normal routines throughout the day. It develops a completely different profile for them and for us to assist them,” Redlus said. “Feelings of loneliness, depression — those things can really influence the outcomes of their treatment, and we're talking about trying to really move the needle there.”
McMahon said staying in constant touch with the patient via the Apple Watch could alert the medical team to factors that keep patients from adhering to their treatment regimen. A patient may miss an appointment because “they are incredibly fatigued or experiencing depression. Maybe it's a couple of days right after chemotherapy that they are feeling the lowest. If we can hear about this sooner, we can intervene sooner.”
The goal is to help keep the patient's treatment regimen on track, “which in the long run is better for health outcomes and quality of life,” McMahon said.
Polaris and MD Anderson Cooper are announcing Tuesday that they've signed a memorandum of understanding to partner on the Apple Watch project. The next step is review and approval by the Cooper Institutional Review Board, and with the board's support the partners would jointly publish project findings, at intervals to be determined.
The project will use the Polaris “Polestar” behavioral health outcomes management platform, which Harralson said is already being used with Internet browsers and iPads to help improve overall outcomes for patients throughout the U.S. and, “through this breast cancer pilot, we hope to see even better patient outcomes with the addition of the Apple Watch,” Harralson said.
“The impact of the integration of behavioral health in cancer care is significant. A positive frame of mind can help a patient through all phases of diagnosis and treatment,” said Dr. Generosa Grana, director of the MD Anderson Cancer Center at Cooper and head of the division of hematology/medical oncology at Cooper University Hospital. “Patient engagement is a critical factor in successful treatment plans. We expect using the Apple Watch will help increase engagement and collect data that ultimately allows us to further refine treatment plans.”
Grana said Polaris and Cooper's oncology team have been research partners for almost a decade, and have collaborated on six studies related to behavioral health with funding from the National Institutes of Health, including work on distress management during cancer treatment, and smoking cessation.
Grana said if the pilot results are promising, they will seek a National Cancer Institute research grant for a full-scale breast cancer project.
Redlus said if the pilot is successful, efforts will be made to bring the app to market as soon as possible.
“We have pretty high confidence that this is going to have an impact on patient connectivity,” Redlus said. “We are pretty good at Polaris at leveraging feedback rapidly into the design of our products, and we will do that here and really move it along.”
Since Apple launched the Apple Watch in April, it hasn't been easy for consumers to get their hands on them, but the Polaris/Cooper joint venture won't have to wait online. Redlus said Polaris is a business partner of Apple, and the watches will be delivered this summer for the pilot, which is expected to start in August.
Founded in 1997, Polaris Health Directions is a behavioral health technology company focused on innovative integrated medical-behavioral health solutions and has been funded by more than $13 million in research grants from the National Institutes of Health in partnership with universities and hospital systems.
MD Anderson Cancer Center at Cooper is a partnership between Cooper University Healthcare and the University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center.
ALSO ON NJBIZ:
Post Foods to shutter Parsippany HQ as part of parent's consolidation; 200 jobs affected nationwide
Irish drugmaker paying $8B for Woodcliff Lake-based Par
Clothing retailer Ascena to pay $2B for rival ANN
Parliament attack: A timeline
India
oi-Vicky
By Vicky
On December 13, 2001, terrorists of the Jaish-e-Mohammad attacked the Indian Parliament. 17 years have gone by and India has witnessed several more attacks as Pakistan continues to protect its so-called freedom fighters.
The probe into the Parliament attack was not an easy one. Piecing together the evidence was one of the hardest things to do. Let us take a look at the timeline.
Dec 13, 2001: Parliament was attacked. Five terrorists enter into the Parliament complex and kill nine people, injuring 15.
Parliament was attacked. Five terrorists enter into the Parliament complex and kill nine people, injuring 15. December 15: Professor S A R Geelani, Afzal Guru and Shaukat Hassan arrested by Delhi police.
Professor S A R Geelani, Afzal Guru and Shaukat Hassan arrested by Delhi police. December 25: Pakistan carries out a ceremonial arrest of Maulana Masood Azhar, the mastermind.
Pakistan carries out a ceremonial arrest of Maulana Masood Azhar, the mastermind. December 18, 2002: Trial court awards death sentence to Afzal Guru, Shaukat Hassan and Geelani.
Trial court awards death sentence to Afzal Guru, Shaukat Hassan and Geelani. October 29, 2003: Geelani is acquitted in the case by the Delhi High Court. The death sentences of the two other accused are upheld.
Geelani is acquitted in the case by the Delhi High Court. The death sentences of the two other accused are upheld. August 4, 2005: Supreme Court upholds Afzal Guru's death sentence. Geelani's acquittal is not interfered with while the death sentence of Hassan commuted to ten years.
Supreme Court upholds Afzal Guru's death sentence. Geelani's acquittal is not interfered with while the death sentence of Hassan commuted to ten years. Jan 12, 2007: Supreme Court dismisses Afzal Guru's plea for review of a death sentence.
Supreme Court dismisses Afzal Guru's plea for review of a death sentence. February 9, 2013: Afzal Guru is hanged at the Tihar jail.
OneIndia News
Billionaire investor George Soros has infused their nonprofit apparatus with $18 billion.
The Open Society Foundations will live on long after its founder, thanks to a move by Soros Fund Management LLC, which likely makes it the second-largest philanthropic group behind the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation. The Wall Street Journal confirmed the transfer with foundation officials on Tuesday.
“It's an ongoing process of migration from a hedge fund toward a pool of capital deployed to support a foundation over the long term,” committee member Bill Ford told the newspaper.
Mr. Soros and their dozens of endeavors across the globe have been lightning rods for criticism due to their support of left-wing causes, which includes the Black Lives Matter movement in the U.S. and relaxed immigration policies.
The billionaire has also been a critic of President Trump.
“I personally am convinced that they are going to fail,” Mr. Soros said in January while at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland. “Not because of people like me who would like them to fail. But because their ideas that guide them are inherently self-contradictory, and the contradictions are actually already embodied by their advisers … and their Cabinet.”
Mr. Soros declined to comment for The Journal's report.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
ProPublica reporters Ryan Gabrielson and Topher Sanders estimate that widely used but notoriously unreliable field tests for drugs have led to "tens of thousands" of wrongful convictions in the United States. The tests are not admissible in court, but that does not matter much, since the vast majority of drug cases—90 percent or more—are resolved by plea deals. Gabrielson and Sanders' story, which was published in The New York Times Magazine over the weekend, illustrates that point with the case of a Louisiana woman, Amy Albritton, whose employment prospects were ruined by a felony conviction after Houston police pulled over their car in 2010 and found a white crumb they mistakenly identified as crack cocaine.
The test that was used to incriminate Albritton involves dropping a suspected drug sample into a vial of cobalt thiocyanate, which is supposed to turn blue in the presence of cocaine. But as Gabrielson and Sanders note, "cobalt thiocyanate also turns blue when it is exposed to more than 80 other compounds, including methadone, certain acne medications and several common household cleaners." That is not the only cause of false positives:
Other tests use three tubes, which the officer can break in a specific order to rule out everything but the drug in question—but if the officer breaks the tubes in the wrong order, that, too, can invalidate the results. The environment can also present problems. Cold weather slows the color development; heat speeds it up, or sometimes prevents a color reaction from taking place at all. Poor lighting on the street—flashing police lights, sun glare, street lamps—often prevents officers from making the fine distinctions that could make the difference between an arrest and a release.
It is hard to say exactly how common false positives are, although a Las Vegas study found that one out of three samples identified as cocaine was in fact something else. In Florida, Gabrielson and Sanders write, "21 percent of evidence that the police listed as methamphetamine after identifying it was not methamphetamine, and half of those false positives were not any kind of illegal drug at all." Since field tests are widely used and police arrest more than 1 million people for drug possession every year, even a relatively low error rate could lead to thousands of erroneous arrests each year. In their analysis of drug cases in Harris County, Texas (where Albritton was arrested), Gabrielson and Sanders found that 212 people were convicted of possessing a substance that a field test mistakenly identified as an illegal drug between January 2004 and June 2015. "If Albritton's case is one of hundreds in Houston," they write, "there is every reason to suspect that it is just one among thousands of wrongful drug convictions that were based on field tests across the United States."
Despite the dubious nature of the evidence against her, Albritton ended up taking a plea deal that involved a 45-day jail sentence after they were told that they otherwise could spend up to two years behind bars. They ultimately spent just three weeks in jail, but that was the least of their punishment. They lost their job as the manager of an apartment complex in Monroe, Louisiana, and their new status as a felon made it impossible to find steady work that paid nearly as well, which in turn made it difficult to care for a son with cerebral palsy. Them whole life was upended by a crumb on the floor of their car that a lab test later found was not any sort of illegal drug. Albritton had no idea they had been exonerated until Gabrielson and Sanders tracked them down and got in touch with them
In addition to the unreliability of field tests, Albritton's case illustrates the power that cops have thanks to excessive judicial faith in drug-sniffing dogs. Police supposedly stopped their car, which their boyfriend was driving, because they had failed to signal a lane change. It turned out the boyfriend did not have a driver's license, but the registration showed Albritton was the car's owner, making them presumptively responsible for any drugs police might find in it. At this point the cops had no justification for searching the car, as became clear when they asked their permission. Albritton consented to the search partly because they knew they were not carrying any drugs but also because one of the officers said that otherwise they would bring in a police dog. The implication was clear: Either they would search the car based on their "consent," or they would search it based on the dog's purported "alert," which like the field test might or might not actually indicate the presence of contraband.
One point that Gabrielson and Sanders do not make in their otherwise excellent exposé: It would be utterly absurd and unjust to lock Albritton up and ruin their life even if the speck of material on the floor of their car (which weighed in at less than two-hundredths of a gram) had contained cocaine. But whether or not they have anything to do with illegal drugs, Americans should be alarmed by the the fact that police have the power to stop your car at will, search it at will (assuming they have a dog or use the threat of one to obtain your consent), incriminate you with a test so unreliable that its results cannot be used in court, and railroad you into a felony conviction.
Actress Mayim Bialik is at the cutting veg of entertaining. The Big Bang Theory star, who plays Amy Farrah Fowler on the hit CBS series, is sharing their recipe for vegan spanakopita with Us Weekly. The meatless Greek appetizer “is full of flavor, filling, and healthy,” the author of Mayim's Vegan Table, 39, says. “It doesn't crumble in your hands like other party foods.” Check out Bialik's tasty recipe below!
PHOTOS: Celebrities in the Kitchen: Stars Who Love to Cook!
Vegan Spanakopita
Ingredients:
1 cup raw almonds or walnuts
1 tbsp fresh basil
1 tbsp fresh rosemary
1 tbsp freshly squeezed lemon juice
1 tsp salt
1 12-oz box frozen spinach, thawed and drained
1 16-oz package whole wheat phyllo dough, thawed
Vegetable oil
Vegan tzatziki, ranch dressing, or duck sauce, for serving
PHOTOS: Kaley Cuoco's Hair Evolution
Directions:
1. Soak nuts in water at least 4 hours; drain.
2. In a blender, mix softened nuts, basil, rosemary, lemon juice, and salt until smooth but not creamy.
3. Preheat oven to 350 degrees. In a medium bowl, combine nut mixture and spinach.
PHOTOS: Big Bang Theory Stars Before They Were Famous: See Their Surprising Early Roles
4. Cut phyllo into four strips per sheet and place on a baking sheet. Cover dough with a moist cloth while working to keep it fresh.
5. Place 1 tbsp of nut-spinach filling at the top of a strip of phyllo. Fold the corner of the phyllo over spinach mixture to form a triangle. Continue folding the strip like a flag, maintaining triangle shape, until the end. Brush phyllo edge with oil to seal the triangle. Repeat to make 24 triangles.
6. Place spanakopita on a large baking sheet and bake until edges start to brown, 20 to 25 minutes. Serve with vegan tzatziki, ranch dressing, or duck sauce. Serves 8.
Sign up now for the US Weekly newsletter to get breaking celebrity news, hot pics and more delivered straight to your inbox!
Want stories like these delivered straight to your phone? Download the US Weekly iPhone app now!
What do you mean you don't like dancing? Everyone likes dancing, everyone who isn't an anxiety stricken, socially retarded recluse, everyone with a warm and living soul, everyone who feels an abiding connection with the world-spirit. So what's wrong with you? Are you insecure? Are you just “so above this”? Is your left prefrontal cortex stunted due to a lifetime of low self-esteem and trauma? These are the only suppositions I can form based on your decision not to dance. You do know, of course, that all people experience the world in the same way, and therefore, dancing should make you feel alive and jubilant and definitely not yearn for death. Why can't you enjoy this wedding reception with the rest of us, animate this pale withering husk, instead of hiding by the shrimp cocktails? You should seriously ruminate on the Black Eyed Peas' message of “living it up” and “jumping off that sofa”.
When I consider the hordes of pale husks ensconced in their burrows, I have to say it grieves me. People like you—they're social cripples, agoraphobes, and neurotics. They play World of Warcraft for days and read books with small type to escape from their sad miserable lives, according to the pop culture representations with which I'm familiar. In large groups, they rarely speak, and this is because they have either nothing to say for themselves or overwhelming insecurities regarding public speech; it's like, hello, how can you possibly feel comfortable not disgorging a ceaseless torrent of trivial nonsense from your face hole? How can you exist in public without your jaws opening and closing in a frenetic blur, words tumbling forth irrespective of their significance? Don't you know every second spent in silence takes 3 days off your life expectancy? Don't you know the person with the loudest ideas has the best ideas?
Like earlier, when everyone was discussing baseball stats, and you sat mutely in your seat the whole conversation like a pile of laundry. Out of pure altruism, I tried to involve you by asking, “Hey, what do you think about it?” and you said, “I don't think about baseball,” and I said, “What?” and you shrugged, and I said, “Just tell us what you think,” and you said, “I don't care about baseball, so I don't think about it,” and I said, “What?” and you shrugged again, and I said, “Don't be weird,” and then everyone rolled their eyes. You engineered that awkwardness. I tried to trigger the outpouring of meaningless dialogue necessary for proper social interaction, and you insisted on icy reticence.
This betrays an underlying flaw in your personality, and I know it's a flaw because it's maladaptive. It results in discomfort for you and for those around you. Your problem is, at its heart, too much activity in the frontal region of the brain, which handles introspection, and too little in the rear region, which handles external stimulation, and this leads to too much thinking, which leads to overanalyzing, then social awkwardness, then loneliness, then depression, and finally suicide. That's why you need to get over your own personality and behave more like me, a normal person, so you don't die alone in your apartment, crying as you kick away the step stool.
For reference, here's how normal people behave: when music starts playing, regardless of how terrible it is, we begin to dance, sing along, and contort our mouths into a believable smile so as to reassure other normals that this is a happy fun time and reinforce the collective positive feelings. This is rational behavior. Anything less is symptomatic of depression or shyness, disorders requiring alteration by the community; just watch any antidepressant commercial. But if I didn't know any better, I'd think communal activities fail to energize you, that you're more enriched by time spent alone. This is deviancy.
I know what will help; how about if, against your will, I physically drag you onto the dance floor and force you to dance with my female friends who you don't know at all? I'll laugh to put you at ease, because this is a funny joke, pushing my introverted friend into an uncomfortable context, haha, so hilarious. People are looking at me and thinking, ‘What a nice guy, helping their awkward friend overcome their awkwardness. They should not be allowed to quietly hang out in the corner.' Everyone's paying attention to you, and I shout, “Look who's here!” because you need even more attention, definitely more attention.
And now that I've pushed you out here, we will laugh at your desperately wooden attempts to dance. Look at you. You're trying so hard. Your inability to have instantaneous intimacy with strangers has rendered you so hopelessly awkward, it's hilarious. And it won't end here at this wedding reception; no, this impotence will follow you into every other arena designed for extraversion: school, work, relationships, everywhere, because the world doesn't care about you, quiet child. The loudest people are always the most important people.
Express News Service By
HYDERABAD:Visakhapatnam Port Trust(VPT), one of the fastest growing major ports in the country, would be the most energy- efficient port in the country.
The VPT management is planning to complete LED lighting of the port area before the proposed visit of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to Visakhapatnam Port in the month of February.
Chairman of Visakhapatnam Port Trust MT Krishna Babu asked energy secretary Ajay Jain to prepare a Detailed Project Report(DPR) in coordination with Energy Efficiency Services Limited (EESL)for installing around 3,000 number of 120 Watt LED streetlights in place of existing 250 Watt High Pressure Sodium Vapour (HPSV) lamps apart from installing 9 Watt LED bulbs in the administrative offices and other places in the port area.
In order to speed up the project work, the State Energy Conservation Mission (SECM) is contemplating organising a meeting with the Chairman of VPT, Managing Director of EESL, Saurabh Kumar, officials of SECM, GVMC commissioner Praveen Kumar and officials of various organisations on October 30 in Visakhapatnam. The officials are likely to take a final call on the project during the meeting.
Visakhapatnam Port has three harbours - the outer harbour, inner harbour and the fishing harbour. The outer harbour has six berths capable of handling vessels with a draft up to 17 m while the smaller inner harbour has 18 berths that are Panamax compatible.
Visakhapatnam Port is undergoing a modernisation and expansion programme aimed at increasing its capacity to 130 million tonnes by 2016-17, entailing an investment of Rs 13,000 crore. Keeping all this in mind, the VPT management has decided to adopt energy-efficiency initiative in the port area.
Ajay Jain, who is also the vice-chairperson of SECM, on Sunday said Efficient Street Lighting Programme undertaken by the Greater Visakhapatnam Municipal Corporation (GVMC) with the support of EESL, had yielded excellent results by which GVMC is saving around 40 to 45 per cent of energy.
“With VPT opting for energy efficiency methods, it could also save a considerable amount of energy,” they said.
Krishna Babu, in their letter, stated that during their recent visit to Delhi for a high-level meeting of shipping & surface transport ministry, the top brass of officials of various ministries had acknowledged the work of AP government in implementation of Energy efficient Street Lighting programme in the entire GVMC area, which had received widespread appreciation around the globe.
Ajay Jain further stated that the GVMC LED street lighting project taken up within a short span of time in the splendid recovery path after Hudhud cyclone has gained global attention and recognition from several international agencies working on energy efficiency.
According to him, the Bureau of Energy Efficiency(BEE) and EESL are evincing interest to conduct an international event called ‘Global Energy Efficiency Summit-2015' in Visakhapatnam from December 17 to 19.
“Chief minister N Chandrababu Naidu has accorded their consent to conduct the summit at Visakhapatnam and directed officials to put all out efforts to attract even International energy efficiency agencies from different countries,” they said.
According to Ajay Jain, Chief Secretary IYR Krishna Rao, who is also the chairperson of SECM, had requested union power ministry to invite top level global experts in the field of Energy Efficiency apart from leading international financial institutions such as World Bank (WB), Asian Development Bank (ADB), JICA, International Energy Agency (IEA), KFW & GIZ from Germany.
64L LED BULBs GIVEN AWAY
The Domestic Efficient Lighting Programme (DELP), which is the flagship programme of AP government on the energy-efficiency front, is under implementation in Krishna, Vizianagaram and Visakhapatnam districts. Phase-II programme is scheduled to be launched in Chittoor district on October 27. So far, about 64 lakh LED bulbs have been distributed under this programme cumulatively in the entire state.
Wigan are interested in re-signing Sunderland midfielder Jordi Gomez - two years after they left the club to move to the Stadium of Light.
Gomez is one of several out-of-favour players that Sam Allardyce needs to offload this summer after the Spaniard spent the second half of last season on loan at Blackburn.
Championship new boys Wigan have held talks over signing their former favourite, with only a year remaining on their Sunderland contract and no prospect of a future with the Black Cats.
But the difficulty for the Latics will be whether they can agree personal terms with Gomez, with Sunderland not expected to demand a significant transfer fee for the 31-year-old.
Gomez is not the only unwanted Sunderland player attracting attention, with defender Santiago Vergini an option for Argentine giants Boca Juniors.
Vergini is due to return to Sunderland next month after a permanent switch to Getafe - where they spent last season on loan - collapsed following their relegation from Spain's La Liga.
Read the full story on Vergini here.
Meanwhile, Sunderland will face Manchester City on the opening day of the season after the Premier League fixtures were released today.
Sunderland begin their campaign at the Etihad against new City manager Pep Guardiola, before hosting local rivals Middlesbrough in the first Stadium of Light encounter.
See the full list of Sunderland's fixtures here.
MOSCOW (AP) — Syria on Monday quickly welcomed a call from Russia, its close ally, to place Syrian chemical arsenals under international control, then destroy them to avert a U.S. strike, but did not offer a time frame or any other specifics.
The statement by Syrian Foreign Minister Walid al-Moallem appeared to mean that diplomatic efforts to end Syria's 2 ½-year civil war were gaining momentum. But it remained to be seen whether it represented a genuine goodwill gesture by Syria or simply an attempt by Syrian President Bashar Assad to buy more time to prepare for a U.S. military attack.
"Syria welcomes the Russian proposal out of concern for the lives of the Syrian people, the security of our country and because it believes in the wisdom of the Russian leadership that seeks to avert American aggression against our people," al-Moallem said during a visit to Moscow, where they held talks with their Russian counterpart, Sergey Lavrov.
However, al-Moallem, would not give any further details in their brief statement and didn't take any questions from reporters.
Russia's proposal confirmed for the first time from Syria's most important international ally that the Syrian government possesses chemical weapons, and al-Moallem's welcome was a tacit acknowledgment. Syria's Foreign Ministry last year retracted a threat to use chemical weapons, saying it was not acknowledging that it had them.
Moallem's statement came a few hours after U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said Assad could resolve the crisis surrounding the alleged use of chemical weapons by their forces by surrendering control of "every single bit" of their arsenal to the international community by the end of the week.
Also Monday, U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon urged Syria to immediately agree to transfer chemical weapons and chemical precursors to a safe place within the country for international destruction. Ban said they will also propose to the Security Council that it unite and demand an immediate chemical weapon transfer should U.N. inspectors conclude that such weapons were used in an attack Aug. 21 in a suburb of Damascus.
French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius said Lavrov's proposal "deserves close examination" but the chemical weapons would have to be placed under international control in a short time and those responsible for "the chemical massacre" must be punished.
Al-Moallem and Lavrov didn't make any immediate reference to Kerry's statement when they spoke to the media after their talks, but a few hours later Lavrov went before cameras to say that Moscow would urge Syria to quickly place its chemical weapons under international control and then dismantle it.
Lavrov, who held talks with al-Moallem in Moscow earlier in the day, said they expected a quick positive answer from Damascus.
"If the establishment of international control over chemical weapons in that country would allow avoiding strikes, we will immediately start working with Damascus," Lavrov said.
"We are calling on the Syrian leadership to not only agree on placing chemical weapons storage sites under international control, but also on its subsequent destruction and fully joining the treaty on prohibition of chemical weapons," they said.
The surprise series of statements from top U.S., Russian and Syrian diplomats followed media reports alleging that Russian President Vladimir Putin, who discussed Syria with President Barack Obama during the Group of 20 summit in St. Petersburg last week, had sought to negotiate a deal that would have Assad hand over control of chemical weapons.
Putin themselves said Friday at a news conference marking the summit's end that they and Obama discussed some new ideas regarding a peaceful settlement of the crisis and instructed Kerry and Lavrov to work out details.
Speaking Monday, Lavrov denied that Russia was trying to sponsor any deal "behind the back of the Syrian people."
The Russian move comes as Obama, who has blamed Assad for killing hundreds of their own people in a chemical attack outside Damascus last month, is pressing for a limited military strike against the Syrian government. The Syrian regime has denied launching the attack, insisting along with Russia that the attack was launched by the rebels to drag the U.S. into the civil war.
Lavrov and al-Moallem said after their talks that U.N. chemical weapons experts should complete their probe and present their findings to the U.N. Security Council.
The astronomy world is abuzz over the discovery of an exoplanet in a nearly unprecedented situation: It's the first observed to be hurtling through space on its own, rather than orbiting a star. The find, reported by researchers from the University of Montreal in a paper published Wednesday in the journal Astronomy and Astrophysics, is roughly 100 light-years away and has been labelled CFBDSIR2149.
“Although theorists had established the existence of this type of very cold and young planet, one had never been observed until today,” Étienne Artigau, an astrophysicist at the University of Montreal, said in a statement. Over the past decade, astronomers have spotted several candidate objects that could potentially qualify as drifting planets, but the line between what is called a “planet” and what is called a “star” is fuzzy, especially when observing from a distance. Through a telescope, it's hard to differentiate whether a small solitary object is a “homeless” planet (as the researchers have termed this one) or a brown dwarf, the smallest type of star. The researchers concluded that this is a planet, and one that is 50 to 120 million years old and about 400 degrees Celsius in temperature.
Because this object appears to be traveling through space along with a diffuse group of roughly 30 associated stars called the AB Doradus Moving Group (but does not orbit any of them), the astronomers were able to work out several more pieces of information about it, such as its age, mass and temperature, based on the assumption that the planet likely shares an origin with the rest of the stars in the group. Objects must be less than 13 times the mass of Jupiter to be considered a planet, rather than a brown dwarf, and this object appears to have a mass between four and seven times that of Jupiter, making it an unqualified, starless planet, the first of its kind.
Scientists have speculated that this type of object could result from a normal planet being flung out of its solar system, or could form alone in its present state. Theories of planet and star formation imply that there might be an extremely high number of such solitary planets—they might be as common as normal stars.
For astronomers, the problem is seeing them. Unlike stars, these objects don't emit a large amount of light. This planet was detected using data from the Canada-France-Hawaii Telescope, located on the summit of Mauna Kea in Hawaii, with further details worked out using the ESO's Very Large Telescope in northern Chile. Using infrared images from both telescopes, the research team was able to pick out the slight amount of light emanating from the planet, even though it is clearly outshined by the brighter stars:
This image might seem extremely faint, but compared to most exoplanets—which are typically spotted only when they cross in front of the star they orbit or known from how they make their star wobble—astronomers can see this planet much more clearly because there is no competing starlight in the immediate vicinity. “Looking for planets around their stars is akin to studying a firefly sitting one centimeter away from a distant, powerful car headlight,” Philippe Delorme, the lead author of the study, said in a statement. “This nearby free-floating object offered the opportunity to study the firefly in detail without the dazzling lights of the car messing everything up.”
The researchers say that free-floating planets like this one are scientifically significant beyond their apparent uniqueness. “These objects are important, as they can either help us understand more about how planets may be ejected from planetary systems, or how very light objects can arise from the star formation process,” Delorme said. “If this little object is a planet that has been ejected from its native system, it conjures up the striking image of orphaned worlds, drifting in the emptiness of space.”
“Thou shall never do a slantback front end.” That was the commandment from Gene Bordinat, Ford's vice president of design, “Henry Ford II only wants vertical front ends, and he'll show us the door if we ever try anything like it.”
This mantra hung over the early development of the third-generation of Ford's wildly successful Mustang. In 1975 Ford designers began the job of redesigning the iconic pony car for the coming 1980s. The car and country had been through a roller coaster 20-year period and both were in something of an identity crisis.
What defined a Mustang? Compact value and efficiency? A luxurious personal tourer? A muscle-bound performance bargain?
Two teams of designers in Dearborn and a third from the Ford-owned Ghia studio in Italy began competing for the privilege of crafting an all-new Mustang. By the fall of 1975, full scale sketches and clay models were being turned out and refined.
From the outset the only thing that was certain was that the finished product would be a very different sort of steed from Mustang II. That car had been a response to growing concerns in the late-1960s about fuel economy, creeping vehicle size, and safety.
This illustration displays a basic proportion similar to the final car, though with significantly more elaborate detailing and side intakes
The '79 Mustang would be based on Ford's new “Fox” midsize platform and given a tidy 100-inch wheelbase. A minimum of two bodystyles were targeted – a more conservative notchback first and then a racier fastback model. Compared to Mustang II, a higher priority was placed on the fun-to-drive aspects, interior space, limiting weight and improved aerodynamics.
Very futuristic styling was on the drawing board and even made it onto the 1979 Probe I concept, though very little translated to production
Within these parameters the teams worked their magic and things were proceeding along the path laid out by the boss. Many of the early fiberglass bucks resemble a sleeker, more refined take on the Mustang II's design elements. Bucketed headlights, a formal upright grille, and a lower sportier stance. Lots of variations were presented including larger personal luxury cars, vinyl tops, surprisingly compact economy versions – there was even a woody station wagon design!
In April 1975, everything changed when Jack Telnack returned to Dearborn after an overseas tour of duty that included a stint at Ford of Australia and then as the vice president of design at Ford of Europe. Telnack was a rising star in Ford's design department and eventually succeeded Gene Bordinat when they retired in 1980.
Telnack took over as the lead for one of the competing groups. Seeing the boxy designs that had been put to full scale, they wondered aloud why sleeker, more European-style design elements weren't being introduced. They existed in sketches but not in the cars physical models. Telnack pushed their team to introduce those elements as well as the previously forbidden slantback grille. With this newly unleashed creative freedom, less traditional shapes began to emerge by early 1976.
This full-scale tape drawing is for a more conservative, economy-focused design
What's perhaps most interesting is the aggregation of different design elements from various styling concepts. The basic proportions for the fastback and notchback were developed by February of '76 and the winning design themes from Telnack's group were complete by July. Refining the details meant remixing different styling elements from several earlier models – the laid back grille came from a June clay model, quarter window louvers from April, side strakes were avoided, and four sealed beam headlights allowed for a low, wedge-like hood line.
An extremely formal interpretation of the Mustang, the rear window louvers would carry on although not much else was ever used
The result was unlike anything else on the road. Modern and European-inspired but clearly American. What would become the 1979 Mustang had significantly more leg and shoulder room than the Mustang II, a tidy 2,700-pound curb weight and improved outward visibility. The new shape was Ford's first serious stab at reducing air resistance with the lowest drag coefficient on the road at the time – 0.44 for the fastback and 0.46 for the notchback. The wedge hood and higher seating position even allowed the driver to see the road surface four feet closer to the car. Topping off the new look, stylists even altered the famous galloping Mustang logo, making it more muscular with a longer stride.
With the overlay lifted out of the way, the fastback profile is visible. Compared to the eventual production car, this one features a longer almost wagon-like roof. Though the details and rear window treatment are much different, the basic idea is getting there
A full-scale mockup that carries over some Mustang II front end styling elements in a squared-off, more formal treatment
The lone wagon-back concept of the bunch. Designers were looking at every possibility for the Mustang, including making it even more practical for small families
Another rather conservative design, and since it was the 1970s a vinyl roof concept was expected. This model uses much more chrome around the daylight opening and features unique door handles tucked into the back of the door and accessed via a recess on the body, similar to the 1989 Ford Probe
One of the sleeker designs, the forward sweeping B-pillar and overall packaging suggest this proposal may have been a two-seater only, rather than a 2+2
The influence of Japanese sportscars is seen here in the rear-sweeping B-pillar and wraparound rear window
The silhouette of production 1979 Mustang notchback is clearly visible in this model. A few tweaks to the front end and side glass are all that remains
The winning notchback design theme features the profile that would make it to production two years later. After hours in the wind tunnel, a bottom-breather air-inlet was added below the bumper and most of the egg-crate grille was blocked off for reduced aerodynamic drag
Today, we know these cars as the “Fox Body” Mustangs. They went on to be one of the most long-lived and successful platforms in the history of the nameplate with a production that lasted from 1979 to 1993. Along the way, Ford reintroduced the Mustang GT in 1982 and the Mustang convertible in 1983. In 1984 the limited production Mustang SVO was launched followed by the first SVT Cobra in 1993.
Fox Mustangs remain popular with street and drag racers for their light weight and compact design. More than 2.6 million third-generation Mustangs eventually ended up parked in driveways across the country.
By Kim Young-jin
U.S. President Barack Obama believes that North Korea will eventually collapse, and that the Internet will ultimately be more effective in changing the regime than military options or sanctions.
Obama made the remark in an interview on Youtube at the White House, Thursday, calling the North "the most isolated, the most sanctioned, the most cut-off nation on Earth. (Remarks begin around the 8:05 mark.)
"The kind of authoritarianism that exists there, you almost can't duplicate anywhere else," They said. "It's brutal and it's oppressive and as a consequence, the country can't really even feed its own people. Over time, you will see a regime like this collapse."
Because of the proximity of ally South Korea and the North's nuclear arsenal, "the answer is not going to be a military solution," Obama said.
"We will keep on ratcheting the pressure, but part of what's happening is that the environment that we're speaking in today, the Internet, over time is going to be penetrating this country," Obama said.
"And it is very hard to sustain that kind of brutal authoritarian regime in this modern world. Information ends up seeping in over time and bringing about change, and that's something that we are constantly looking for ways to accelerate," they added.
AXPONA 2016 Show Report -- Audio Expo North America
Etymotic Research Releases Their ER4XR And ER4SR IEM
O ften considered the reference for neutrality, Etymotic Research will be announcing the release of two updated models of their popular ER4 in-ear monitors at AXPONA 2016. These new models will represent the first significant update to the line in 20 years.
The first model, the ER4XR offers a slight bass boost, relative to the classic ER4 signature. Etymotic sought to address a long-standing customer request with this model, bridging the gap between their famous neutral sound signature and the more bass-intensive signature of popular consumer hi-fi IEMs.
The other model, the ER4SR Studio Reference Monitor, is geared toward audio professionals. It offers higher sensitivity and uncompromising accuracy for the most demanding reference applications. Etymotic Research has enhanced the matching sensitivity so it is the same with both models, which is 98dB at 100 mV. The XR model is tuned for those enjoy more bass, whereas the SR is more neutral. Oh, by the way the cable is now user replaceable.
Both models will be priced at $349 and will feature metal bodies with an anodized finish and a user-replaceable Kevlar cable.
Stay tuned to Enjoy the Music.com for impressions.
-- Dave Hanson
Additional border security is needed as part of a comprehensive immigration reform bill, White House press secretary Jay Carney said Friday - but wouldn't directly comment on some senators' beliefs that an amendment proposing pricey border control elements could be considered "overkill."
"The president has overseen substantial improvements in our border security, and that has been testified to by independent observers as well as Republicans in Congress," Carney said, pointing out a historic high for border security and increased protections put in place by President Obama. Still, they said, further measures are necessary.
WH: Reconciliation in Afghanistan "essential" but "hard"
Pending a finalized announcement from the "gang of eight" senators working on immigration, Sen. Lindsay Graham, R-S.C., told reporters Thursday an amendment focused on border security includes $3.2 billion of technology, a 700-mile fence and 20,000 new border patrol officers. Sens. Bob Corker, R-Tenn., and Dick Durbin, D-Ill., both have called the amendment "overkill" in terms of border control, but have cited it as an important draw for Republicans.
"We believe when it comes to immigration reform that the kind of bipartisan progress we've seen in the Senate and the bipartisan work that we've seen in the House will in the end carry the day," Carney said. "It's ultimately in the interest of the Republican party to do it."
They also directed those concerned about the cost to a report out earlier this week from the Congressional Budget Office, which found that the bill would dramatically help shore up the federal deficit over time.
Google shook up the home theater market with its Chromecast device. Ever since it enabled developer access, the app market has been flooded with Google Cast support. Here are the most useful Chromecast apps.
Stream Videos, Music, and Photos From Your Phone: Allcast (Android, iOS, $4.99)
Allcast began as a way to stream your photos, videos, and music from your Android device directly to Chromecast. Since then, it's gained the ability to stream media from cloud storage like Dropbox. It can also send to nearly any receiver, including Apple TV, Roku, Xbox, many smart TVs, and most DLNA-capable receivers. Even if you don't have a Chromecast, this app is useful for streaming your media. Allcast is free with limitations on streaming length, and costs $5 for unlimited streaming.
Advertisement
Mirror Your Phone's Display: Chromecast (Android, free)
Back in July, Google added screen mirroring to the Chromecast app. This is the same app you used to initially set up your Chromecast. In the slide-out navigation menu, you now have the option to cast your device's screen to any available receiver. Casting requires KitKat or above, but the list of devices that can support are constantly growing. If you're using Lollipop already, you can also mirror your display without any apps at all.
Advertisement
Share Videos and Tabs From Your Browser: Firefox (Android)
Firefox 34 added the ability to cast individual tabs to your Chromecast. This is particularly handy as it allows you to share a tab without forcing you to show everything that comes across your screen. That is, if you get notifications, change apps, or need to do something else, everyone watching the TV can still see the tab, while you can use your phone.
Advertisement
Stream Networked Media: Plex (Android, iOS)
We love Plex around these parts. Even without Chromecast support, it's handily one of the best ways to stream your media from a computer to your phone. However, when it added Chromecast support, it also became the easiest way to get it to your TV. You can stream directly from your desktop to your TV with just a couple of taps. The iOS app costs $5, though you can use the Android version for free.
Advertisement
Play Podcasts: Pocket Casts (Android, $3.99)
Advertisement
It was only a matter of time before podcast apps joined the fray and started streaming to the Chromecast. So far, Pocket Casts seems to do the nicest job of it. While the app costs $4, which might be a turn off for the casual podcast listener, the app is pretty robust. However, we're still waiting for our favorite Android podcast app DoggCatcher to get Chromecast support.
Stream Music From the Cloud: Play Music (Android, iOS)
Advertisement
Google's Play Music app is one of the few music services that serves as both a subscription and a music locker. Google allows you to upload a huge number of songs up to its cloud storage locker, which can all be streamed to your Chromecast on either Android or iOS. Anything in your collection can be streamed to your TV, regardless of whether or not you have it downloaded locally.
The Essentials
On top of all of these sweet apps that can do clever things, there are also the obvious, major apps with Chromecast support that are worth checking out. Some of which you might already have installed, but might not know it until you actually hook up your Chromecast:
Netflix: Android, iOS
Hulu Plus: Android, iOS
HBO Go: Android, iOS
Crackle: Android, iOS
Pandora: Android, iOS
Rdio: Android, iOS
YouTube: Android, iOS
Google Play TV & Movies: Android, iOS
BBC iPlayer: Android, iOS
WatchESPN: Android, iOS
Twitch: Android, iOS
You can also check out Cast Store which keeps a directory of all the Chromecast-enabled apps that arrive on the Play Store. While we try to only feature the best apps here, Cast Store will let you know about everything that comes out so you can try them for yourself.
North Korean state media have released high-resolution headshots of more than two dozen top officials in the secretive country, including its leader, Kim Jong-un. Nothing unusual about that.
But one thing, according to Pyongyang observers, appears to be missing: signs of retouching.
It is common for photos of Kim released through North Korea state channels to show signs of manipulation, although North Korean officials deny altering images.
The Observer profile / Kim Jong-un: The tyrant's son who wants to be loved and feared Read more
Chang Yong-seok, a North Korea expert at Seoul National University, said the North might be trying to sell a more natural and positive image of Kim and their senior officials after the ruling party congress that ended on Monday.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Elected members and candidates of the politburo of the North Korean Workers' party. Photograph: AP
They said the authoritarian country might be trying to create an image as a “normal country” that is not that different from others.
Analyst Cho Han-bum, at the Seoul-based Korea Institute for National Unification, said North Korea might be trying to portray Kim as a young leader who is humble yet confident.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest More headshots of North Korean officials. Photograph: AP
The state-run Korean Central News Agency also released photos of 27 other members of North Korea's top leadership – 20 in suits and seven in military uniform. Kim is the only one grinning, and the only one seen without a lapel pin bearing the faces of their grandfather, national founder Kim Il-sung, and father, Kim Jong-il.
One top official was looking much better than some had expected: Ri Yong-gil, who South Korean intelligence officials had said was executed months earlier.
Last week, HuffPost blogger Greg Savage asked the question, "How Did It Get to be OK for People to Be Late for Everything?" And if the 350,000 Facebook likes (and counting) on their post are any indication, he's not the only one wondering. Savage wrote:
It's simply that some people no longer even pretend that they think your time is as important as theirs. And technology makes it worse. It seems texting or emailing that you are late somehow means you are no longer late. Rubbish. You are rude. And inconsiderate.
But while the behavior of keeping someone waiting on you is, decidedly, rude, it doesn't necessarily mean your tardy friend is doing it on purpose, or that they or they are a rude, inconsiderate person -- in fact, there are several psychological and perhaps even physiological components that can contribute to being perpetually late.
"Lateness is really a commonly misunderstood problem," says Diana DeLonzor, author of Never Be Late Again, who has conducted their own research on the perpetually tardy. "Yes, it's a rude act, but I've interviewed hundreds of people and the vast majority of late people really dislike being late, they try to be on time, but this is something that has plagued them throughout their lives. Telling a chronic late person to be on time is like telling a dieter, 'Don't eat so much.'"
And it's often a problem that begins early. "[For many] it started in childhood, and they're late for not only things that have to do with other people, but things that will only hurt themselves," DeLonzor tells HuffPost. They'll show up to the gym, for instance, 10 minutes before it closes, or they'll be late for job interviews.
The issue might have something to do with fundamental differences in the way we think, according to DeLonzor. In their own research, she's found that late-arrivers tend to actually perceive time differently than their punctual peers. They wrote in their book (as reprinted on their website):
Part of my research included a test to measure the differences in how timely and late people perceive the passage of time. The test I devised is a simple one you can try yourself. Choose three or four pages in a book, mark the time, and start reading. Stop reading when you think ninety seconds have elapsed, then check your watch to see how accurate you were. I found that early birds, almost without fail, stopped reading before ninety ­seconds had passed, while lateniks put their books down well ­after the ninety-second mark. The researchers at Cleveland State University also included a time perception test in their study, this time using stop-watches. Interestingly, their results were similar to mine, with late people consistently underestimating the passage of time.
Psychological components can also contribute to chronic lateness. In a 1990s study they led for San Francisco State University, DeLonzor identified links between chronic lateness and certain personality characteristics, including anxiety, low self-control and a tendency toward thrill-seeking. And through their work, they have identified seven different kinds of late people (though most offenders are usually a combination of more than one type). They call the first group, and one of the most common, "the deadliners":
"One of the things I found is that some people were subconsciously drawn to the adrenaline rush of that last minute sprint to the finish line ... They have a hard time motivating themselves without that looming deadline, without that crisis on the horizon," they say. "Then, as they realize there's no way they're going to make it on time, that positive feeling turns to dread. Then they start beating themselves up."
The second category of late people is what DeLonzor has dubbed "the producer." "Those are people who consistently over-schedule their days," they say. "[The producer] thinks they can go for a run, clean the house, put in a load of laundry, pick up the dry cleaning, take a shower and get the kids dropped off at school in an hour."
The third group is what they call "absent minded professors," which are easily distracted people who might even have a diagnosable condition in the form of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder. "When they head out the door, they might notice the drapes are crooked and they run over and fix the drapes. On the way back they'll get distracted by seeing the computer is on and they go to turn it off but have to surf the web first," they say. "They have a hard time getting from point a to point be without getting distracted by c, d and e."
A fourth, less common sub-type, is what DeLonzor calls the "rebel," or a person who actually enjoys being late, because they like the idea of knowing other people are waiting for them. "They're maybe people who are insecure and having people wait for them makes them feel important," they say. While the first three categories are the most common, the other groups include "the rationalizer," who doesn't fully admit the problem and always blames it on external factors (a traffic jam!), "the indulger," who struggles with self control (I don't feel like going!) and "the evader," who keeps trying to perfect a situation before leaving the house (one more outfit option!).
But just because people don't want to or mean to be late, doesn't mean they can't work to regain control over their punctuality. A few simple tips can help:
1. Reevaluate how long your routines really take. Late people tend to remember the one time they got ready in 20 minutes or the one time they got to work in seven, instead of realizing that most days it takes them 40 minutes or 15. DeLonzor recommends writing down your daily habits and then estimating how long you think it takes you to do each one -- then spend a week or so writing down how long each thing actually takes. "Late people tend to engage in magical thinking," they say. It's time to relearn how to tell time.
2. Change your thoughts, not just your behavior. Reframing the way you think about punctuality can be an effective cognitive trick. Instead of stressing about it, sit down with a pen and paper (when you're not in a rush) and jot down all the positives that come with being on time, suggests Teri Bourdeau, Ph.D., a clinical associate professor of behavioral sciences at Oklahoma State University. You might write, for example, that being timely will make you look more responsible, or that it will stir up less conflict with co-workers. Think about the things that are going to motivate you to be on time, and remember them the next time you're trying to cram in too much before a deadline.
3. Get down with downtime. Eternally tardy people, particularly those who fall into the "producer" category described above, often like to pack in as many activities as possible to maximize productivity, which can make any extra waiting time uncomfortable. One option for coping is to plan out an activity you can do when spare minutes creep up, whether it's catching up on work emails on your iPad or calling a parent you haven't had a chance to catch up with. But another option is to reframe downtime as something to enjoy between all the rushing -- luxury time instead of wasted time. "A big part of the enjoyment of life is just sitting back and talking to the person next to you or looking at the sky or smelling roses," DeLonzor says.
4. Budget your time differently. Timely people will give themselves round numbers to get somewhere -- 30 minutes, for instance. The chronically late, on the other hand, often budget exact times, like 23 minutes, to get somewhere, a habit that DeLonzor calls "split second timing," which doesn't account for the inevitable delay factors that pop up. "If you're exactly on time, that means you engaged in split second timing," they say. "You should not consider yourself on time unless you're 15 minutes early."
Cube Entertainment and Chinese company Xing Tian are collaborating in a new project group called M4M.
M4M, who has been put together through a rigorous audition process in China, including Hong Kong, and Taiwan, has been preparing for their debut under the incubating system of Cube Entertainment. They've been training for 1,460 days in secret under Cube's system. M4M stands for Mystical forMula and the group is made up of four members: Jimmy, Vinson, Bin, and Alen.
Recently, the teasers for both Bin and Alen were revealed.
Bin's position in the group is Rapper and they were born on July 3, 1991. Their nationality is Chinese and they measure in with a height of 6 feet and weight of 153 pounds.
Alen's position in the group is Main Vocalist and they were born on December, 26, 1992. Their nationality is Chinese and they measure in with a height of 5'11" and weight of 160 pounds. As evidenced in the teaser, he's also a talented pianist.
Tip: Hugh
Coastal cities around the world could be devastated by 1.3m of sea level rise this century unless coal-generated electricity is virtually eliminated by 2050, according to a new paper that combines the latest understanding of Antarctica's contribution to sea level rise and the latest emissions projection scenarios.
It confirms again that significant sea level rise is inevitable and requires rapid adaptation. But, on a more positive note, the work reveals the majority of that rise – driven by newly recognised processes on Antarctica – could be avoided if the world fulfils its commitment made in Paris to keep global warming to “well below 2C”.
Antarctic sea ice levels hit record low, but experts are not sure why Read more
In 2016, Robert DeConto from the University of Massachusetts Amherst revealed that Antarctica could contribute to massive sea level rise much earlier than thought, suggesting ice sheet collapse would occur sooner and identifying a new process where huge ice cliffs would disintegrate.
But that paper only examined the impact of Antarctica on sea level rise, ignoring other contributions, and didn't examine the details of what measures society needed to take to avoid those impacts.
The new paper by Alexander Nauels from the University of Melbourne and colleagues uses simplified physical models that allowed them to explore all known contributions to sea level rise, and pair them with the new generation of emissions scenarios which the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) will use in the next set of reports.
Under all scenarios we are going to have to adapt Sea level expert John Church
They found that if nothing is done to limit carbon pollution, then global sea levels will rise by an estimated 1.32m. That is 50% more than was previously thought, with the IPCC's AR5 report suggesting 85cm was possible by the end of the century.
But the extra contribution from Antarctica would not kick in if warming was kept at less than 1.9C above preindustrial levels, the researchers found. Temperatures above that threshold risked triggering the additional processes in Antarctica identified in the 2016 paper, causing much greater sea level rise.
“The 1.5C limit in the Paris Agreement is a much safer bet to avoid this additional contribution than only achieving 2C,” Nauels said.
The work, published in the journal Environmental Research Letters, showed that the current carbon reduction pledges which governments have made as part of the Paris Agreement by 2030 – their Nationally Determined Contributions (NDCs) – are so weak they would require very deep cuts between 2030 and 2050 to avoid triggering those extra processes in Antarctica.
Since the authors used the next generation of emissions scenarios (the “Shared Socioeconomic Pathways”), which include assumptions about socioeconomic factors that are driving emissions – such as energy demand, energy generation, population growth and GDP – they were able to examine what actions could be taken to avoid the sea level rise.
We need to talk about … Population and climate change Read more
Those scenarios suggested coal could only make up 5% of the world's energy mix by 2050 if sea level rise is to be limited to about half a metre.
Similarly, those scenarios suggested a global carbon price would have to be well over US$100 per tonne, since at that cost, sea level would rise by 65cm by 2100.
John Church, a leading sea level rise expert from the University of New South Wales who was co-convening lead author of the chapter on sea level in the third and fifth IPCC Assessment Reports, told the Guardian the work was further confirmation that the world needed to prepare now for substantial sea level rises.
“Under all scenarios we are going to have to adapt,” Church said. “We cannot stop all sea level rise.”
They said the research community was not in consensus yet about the accelerated contribution of Antarctica to sea level rise, identified in the 2016 paper and modelled in this study, but examining the implications of those findings was still important.
DeConto, the lead author of the landmark paper from 2016, said it was important to recognise the good news in their original findings and this extension of that work.
Where global warming gets real: inside Nasa's mission to the North Pole Read more
“In the aggressive mitigation pathways, where we assume that the global community gets its act together and we reduce emissions, it's a much rosier picture. There's a much reduced risk of dramatic sea level rise from Antarctica,” they told the Guardian. “This study fully reinforces that.”
Nauels said their team's work assumed that Antarctica would contribute to sea level rise as was suggested by the 2016 paper by DeConto, but more work was needed to confirm those findings.
“We still have to find out what's going on in Antarctica,” they told the Guardian. “We can't base all future sea level rise projects on just one paper. And the Antarctic ice sheet community are frantically working on the new insights.”
Divekick is such a gloriously amazing game that Bitmob did not one but two articles about it! The first goes over the history of the game and it's creation. It also explains what a dive kick is to the casual fighting game player, and why they are being parodied in a game where Divekick is the title, controls, move list, character list, strategy, and gem selection.
Divekicks are jumping attacks where you stop your usual jump arc and strike your foe at a difficult-to-counter angle that have been around since Dhalsim in Street Fighter 2. Over time, however, it's been common for divekicks to be low-risk offensive tools with huge combo and mix-up possibilities. They make getting into close range easy and terrorize those without an invincible go-to move like the Shoryuken to keep the opponent from getting too overzealous. In Divekick the game, you use a lap-size controller with two giant buttons: Dive (jump) and Kick. All successful strikes instantly KO the opponent, and if you nail them in the head, he'll move slower during the next round. You also have a super meter you can build through repeated dives until you activate a “Kick Factor” power-up. As simple as the game is, it does require a fair amount of strategy and mind games as each character has different jump heights and kick angles. The two initial characters are Dive and Kick, two teens with a striking resemblance to Street Fighter 3 twins Yun and Yang whom you can tweak using Street Fighter X Tekken-style gems. In an pre-tournament exhibition, Heart revealed that the game had three secret characters: a giant wolverine with a cigar; obligatory, sexist, female combatant Kung Pao; and Mr. N, a not-so-subtle jab at an famous tournament player. The game has a couple of in-jokes only hardcore players would understand, like a super gem locked behind a $8.95 pay wall and a Fraud Detection System.
Their second article focuses a lot less on the technical of Divekick and more on what it's like to join the Divekick community. It follows one player's journey toward being revealed as a fraud by the game's unique fraud detection system. I'm sure they realize now that Divekick is serious business!
One of the characters whom I didn't see much of on the stream was Kung Pao, a cross between Mortal Kombat's Kung Lao and Street Fighter's Cammy who shouts gibberish when they attack.  They are also a girl in a fighting game, and therefore, wears a fetishized outfit. I used them a lot during the event, but I quickly found out why I hadn't seen their much: Unlike everyone else, Kung Pao can only hop very low off the ground, and their divekick is slow and travels at a nearly horizontal angle. I like playstyles that make you think differently, but as an attendant told me, they are not for beginners. Divekick lets you customize your high flier with gems — a concept borrowed from current genre black sheep Street Fighter X Tekken. I tried increasing Kung Pao's kicking speed to keep them from becoming a free target, but other players still cornered and bullied me easily. Things got worse the next day. I decided to try Kick, Dive's Will Smith-quoting training partner who excels at building the Kick Factor meter. But I made a heaping number of mistakes. A red line will appear onscreen in timeout situations, and the person closest to it wins. When it appears right next to me, however, I'd jump away like an idiot. Sometimes, I would use the right button to retreat but press the left button instead when I had a chance to escape death. I lost five rounds in a row, activating the Fraud Detection System that lets everyone knows how garbage your playing is.
If you are a hardcore Divekick competitor, then be sure to catch the game at EVO this year. You can play in casuals for free and even enter an arcade ladder tournament, if you think you are good enough. Also, be on the lookout for an announcement about the future of Divekick on Monday.
If you want to study up on your Divekick techniques, check out the Top 16 tournament replay from UFGT8.
Source: Bitmob
Moviecollection began streaming an interview with director Guillermo del Toro (Pan's Labyrinth, Hellboy, Pacific Rim) on Monday. In the interview, they talk about how they were introduced to the work of Mamoru Oshii (Angel's Egg, Ghost in the Shell, Patlabor the Mobile Police), and how the Patlabor series influenced their Pacific Rim movie. They also cite some other influences in their work, including other anime, and Japanese horror films and manga.
The questions and prompts del Toro is given are as follows:
I heard that you know director Mamoru Oshii personally. What kinds of their work ethics were you influenced by? Do you think that Oshii's work, that influences many animators within Japan, also influences others around the world? Mamoru Oshii made this work in the 1980's. Do you think they were ahead of their time? There are people who say that you and Oshii's works are focused on "social awareness." What are some Japanese anime and/or television shows you've been influenced by? What are your thoughts after seeing the trailer for The Next Generation Patlabor: Shuto Kessen ?
Oshii's The Next Generation Patlabor: Shuto Kessen live-action film will premiere in Japan on Friday. The film is part of Oshii's live-action The Next Generation -Patlabor- project, which is set in Tokyo in 2013, and represents the "third generation" of Patlabor. The Tokyo Metropolitan Police has disbanded its Section 2 Division 1 of police robots, and Section 2 Division 2 barely survived the budget cuts due to the long recession.
The project began with a seven-part series, which is composed of the "episode 0" and 12 full episodes helmed by chief director Mamoru Oshii and other directors. Each full episode is about 48 minutes long. The seventh and final part debuted in a two-week limited engagement in theaters on January 10.
After the seven-part series, Oshii directed and wrote the feature-length film, which is expected to run about 100 minutes long. The film centers on the Section 2 team fighting against a terrorist group that has taken all of the 10 million residents of Tokyo hostage.
CTVNews.ca Staff
The RCMP alleges that Sen. Mike Duffy changed their banking address from Ontario to Prince Edward Island shortly after the Senate announced an internal audit of each senator's primary residence.
New court documents filed Thursday show that the Mounties are seeking documents from Royal Bank and the Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce for its investigation into the expense claims filed by Duffy.
Cpl. Greg Horton wants credit card statements from CIBC, and credit card and bank account statements from RBC. Horton is also requesting from RBC a mortgage application and, “a list of all address changes in relation to any account solely or jointly in the name of Michael (Mike) Duffy” registered to their Ottawa or P.E.I. homes.
Horton says a report from FINTRAC, Canada's “finance intelligence unit” that operates independently of the federal government, shows Duffy changed their banking address “from an Ontario address to a P.E.I. address “on December 10, 2012.
“The date coincides with the timing of the December 6, 2012 Senate announcement of an internal audit pertaining to primary and secondary residency of all Senators,” Horton says.
Horton repeats their allegations in previous court filings that they believe Duffy “has committed Breach of Trust in relation to travel and housing expense claims, submitted in relation to their duties as a Canadian senator.”
The RCMP is investigating the expense claims filed by Duffy, as well as Sen. Patrick Brazeau and Sen. Mac Harb. They are reviewing bank, credit card and other financial documents, as well as the external audits conducted of all three senators' expense claims.
In various court filings, Horton alleges that all three senators have committed breach of trust related to their expense claims.
Earlier this month, Horton filed documents requesting records and billing statements related to Brazeau's expense claims, as well as all of their cellphone and corporate credit card records dating back to March 2011, when they are alleged to have begun making improper housing claims.
Horton alleges that Brazeau does not live in the Manawaki, Que., home they claimed as their primary residence.
Senators are eligible for an annual housing allowance of up to $22,000 if their primary residence is more than 100 km from Parliament Hill.
In separate court filings, Horton alleges Harb set up an elaborate scheme to cheat taxpayers of hundreds of thousands of dollars in fraudulent housing and living expenses claimed on an “uninhabitable” home.
The Mounties have requested records and billing statements from the Senate related to their expense claims, as well as their cellphone and corporate credit card records from the Senate dating back to Sept. 2003, when they were appointed to the Upper Chamber.
Duffy repaid some $90,000 in expenses with help from Prime Minister Stephen Harper's former chief of staff, Nigel Wright, before the results of their external audit were released. That deal is also under investigation by the RCMP.
Brazeau was ordered to repay about $49,000 in ineligible housing and travel claims, but missed their first payment deadline and their salary is now being docked.
Harb repaid $51,000 in improperly claimed expenses, but is fighting the Senate's repayment order in court. Sen. David Tkachuk, who served as chair of the Senate's Internal Economy Committee, alleged in June that Harb in fact owes more than $230,000.
MOREDUN ANIMAL HEALTH LTD/SPL
A new, untreatable strain of the sexually transmitted disease gonorrhea has been discovered in Japan, according to an international team of infectious disease experts. The strain, named H041, is resistant to all known forms of antibiotics.
The finding was presented Monday with extensive laboratory evidence at a conference in Quebec City, Canada — and it comes just three days after the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) warned that U.S. gonorrhea samples had being showing new signs of drug resistance as well. Although drugs have remained effective in almost all U.S. cases, the CDC said that analysis of bacteria samples taken from 2000 to 2010 showed that the gonorrhea bug was becoming less and less susceptible to the frontline drugs, cephalosporins, as the years went by.
“This is both an alarming and a predictable discovery,” Dr. Magnus Unemo said in a statement about H041. Unemo, based at the Swedish Reference Laboratory for Pathogenic Neisseria, worked with Japanese colleagues to characterize the new H041 multidrug-resistant gonorrhea strain.
Multidrug resistance is “predictable,” in Unemo's words, because most gonorrhea strains worldwide are already resistant to at least one major class of antibiotics. Bacteria become resistant to antibiotics through evolution. Some naturally occurring genetic variation exists among Neisseria gonorrhoeae, the bacterial organism that causes gonorrhea, and that means that any one given bacterium may, by chance, be slightly more susceptible to antibiotics than another. When a colony of bacteria first comes in contact with antibiotics, therefore, the antibiotics will kill off the most susceptible bacteria at higher rates. This leaves behind a disproportionately robust batch of surviving bacteria, and when the survivors reproduce, they pass on their more-robust-than-average genes to their offspring. With repeated exposure to antibiotics, and over many generations of bacteria, eventually all the bacteria that are spreading are drug-resistant.
In the U.S., gonorrhea strains resistant to penicillin and tetracycline have been circulating since the 1970s and became widespread by the early 1980s, according to the CDC. Since then, most Neisseria gonorrhoeae have also become resistant to fluoroquinolines, and today the CDC recommends treating gonorrhea with both a cephalosporin and either azithromycin or doxycycline (two relatively commonly administered antibiotics).
But the recent CDC report from last week suggests that some U.S. samples of Neisseria gonorrhoeae are no longer responding quite as well as they used to against cephalosporins either — the bacteria have become less susceptible — and now the new strain in Japan is reportedly resistant to everything.
That brings us back to what researcher Magnus Unemo called “alarming.” Gonorrhea is by no means the most deadly of sexually transmitted infections. But it is among the most common — with 700,000 new cases in the U.S. each year, and an estimated 340 million new cases each year globally.
The disease often causes painful intercourse (among women), tender and swollen testicles (among men), and pain when urinating (among infected people of both sexes). Left untreated, gonorrhea can lead to internal scarring of parts of the reproductive tract and, in women, pelvic inflammatory disease or lifelong infertility.
“The potential emergence of gonococcal cephalosporin resistance is of particular concern because the U.S. gonorrhea control strategy relies upon effective antibiotic therapy,” the CDC announced Friday. “No other well-studied and effective antibiotic treatment options or combinations currently are available [once the bacteria are resistant to cephalosporins].”
As for H041, the strain found in Japan: “While it is still too early to assess if this new strain has become widespread, the history of newly emergent resistance in the bacterium suggests that it may spread rapidly unless new drugs and effective treatment programs are developed,” Unemo said in their statement.
Indeed, when researchers grew the drug-resistant bacterium in culture with other strains of gonorrhea, the new strain was able to pass its resistance quickly, increasing the other strains' resistance to cephalosporins some 500-fold. That suggests that H041 could spread resistance swiftly in the real world.
The Republican gubernatorial nominee apologized today for an off-the-cuff remark suggesting that some victims of rape should ''relax and enjoy it.''
The candidate, Clayton Williams, had initially played down the remark as being a joke.
Women's groups and political opponents of Mr. Williams strongly criticized the candidate for the comment.
It ''questions their ability to understand the kinds of problems faced by the people of Texas,'' said Ann Richards, the State Treasurer and a runoff candidate for the Democratic gubernatorial nomination. ''Rape is a crime of violence.''
Mr. Williams made the remark on Saturday while preparing for a cattle roundup at their West Texas ranch. They compared the cold, foggy weather spoiling the event to a rape, telling ranch hands, campaign workers and reporters around a campfire, ''If it's inevitable, just relax and enjoy it.''
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Williams Apologizes
Later on Saturday, Mr. Williams said it was merely a joke and apologized ''if anyone's offended.''
The State Department is still having an issue with emails. A court ordered the agency to provide documents to the Daily Caller News Foundation by Monday night, but a technical snafu caused them to miss the deadline. The file, the department explained, was just too big.
The size of the file attached to the email, however, exceeded the maximum file size allowed for the mobile device used by counsel for State, and thus transmission of the email did not complete. SeeExhibit B. Counsel for State was unaware of this fact until this morning, September 27, 2016.
State sent a follow-up email at 7:45 a.m. Tuesday with the documents, along with an apology.
The Daily Caller had asked for documents to help with their investigation into whether Hillary Clinton and their staff took part in security training. In their interview with the FBI over the summer, Clinton said they didn't remember if they had or not.
Them mishandling of classified information on a private server suggests one of three things: One, they didn't receive briefings. Two, they did receive training and, like they said, forgot it. Three, they received training and ignored it.
The Hill notes that this is an “embarrassing” headline for the State Department. The court ordered the next releases for Oct. 3 and Oct. 10.
The audio:
10-15hhs-steyn
The transcript:
HH: Coming up in hours two and three, I'm going to be joined by none other than Ben Bernanke, Ben, of course, the former chairperson of the Federal Reserve. He's got what is actually a page-turning memoir, The Courage To Act: A Memoir Of A Crisis And Its Aftermath that I have spent the last three days glued to. I mean, it's not like reading Mark Steyn, and if you want to read Mark Steyn, you ought to go get the new book on, their climate change book, Climate Change: The Facts, as well as Steyn V. the Stick. It's all over at www.steynonline.com. A Disgrace To The Profession is the brand-new book. Mark, welcome, how are you?
MS: Hey, I'm good. Don't knock these page-turners about the Federal Reserve. Ron Paul brought thousands cheering to their feet when they gave 40 minute speeches about the Federal Reserve. It's a hit topic.
HH: No, it is, it's actually a fascinating memoir, because there is this very anti-democratic need to be secret when you're in the Federal Reserve. And there's a scarcity of words, so there's an excess, an abundance of conspiracy attached to them. But it's a well-written book. But I'll tell you, I wouldn't want to serve in that job. Everyone thinks, you know, you go to the Bilderburger castle and then you go to the World Affairs Council, and then you run the world.
MS: No, no, I know. Actually, while we're talking about page-turners, Brad Thor, whom you know well, they actually wrote a thriller about the Federal Reserve.
HH: Yup.
MS: You know, most of their thrillers are about Islamic jihadists plotting to blow things up. They actually, they actually wrote a thrilling thriller about the Federal Reserve. So it can be done.
HH: It can be done, and Ben and Brad, maybe if your first name is B. Mark Steyn, the Fetching Mrs. Hewitt is in Jerusalem at this hour, and they assure me she's fine. But I do think we're on an interesting cycle in the Middle East, which includes the appearance of a Cuban general in Syria now. Back to the 70s with Barack Obama.
MS: Yeah, they said the 1980s are asking for their foreign policy back. They taunted Mitt Romney with that line. We now have Cuban troops in the Middle East in the way they were once all over Africa during various coups during the Cold War. They served as the Soviet Union's proxies. And clearly, you know, they're not the most efficient military in the world, and they can't mobilize on a dime, so clearly, Putin and the Castro brothers have been planning this for some time. In other words, they stitched Obama up even while they were at the United Nations. And what I find interesting about this is running around Syria right now, you have the Russians, who were the beneficiaries of Hillary Clinton's famous reset button. And then you also have troops from the two nations that Obama just in the last couple of weeks have made historic rapprochements with ancient American enemies with whom our relations have been frozen for decades. That's to say Iran and Cuba. And barely is the ink dry on those agreements than the troops from those two nations, plus Russia, are now running around Syria killing American-trained allies there. It's quite extraordinary.
HH: It is. It's really unfortunate at the debate this week with the Democrats did not spend the entire time on the collapse of Middle Eastern policy. I thought the former Secretary of State was allowed to skate on this, Mark Steyn. What did you think?
MS: Well, I thought Kirsten Powers, actually, on Fox News, I think it was just yesterday, put it very well when they said that this is something that the Democrat base is just not interested in. They're not interested in ISIS. They're not interested in Iran. The trick with foreign policy, as everybody from Lincoln Chafee to Bernie Sanders demonstrated, foreign policy as a subject is something that a successful Democrat candidate wants to steer as far clear of as they can. And in a way, that's for the best. I mean, if you look at where the Fetching Mrs. Hewitt is at the moment in Jerusalem, where they have this epidemic of random stabbings, and the United States government has had absolutely nothing useful to say about that. Democrats essentially have withdrawn from the world. Everybody, whether it's Iran or Cuba or Russia, everybody else has seized their opportunity in that vacuum of power. And I always quote this line Bernard Lewis said to me, the great Bernard Lewis said to me many years ago. I've quoted it before on your show, that America risks being seen as impotent as an enemy, and treacherous as a friend. And I think that is what is happening.
HH: It doesn't risk it. That's the reality. Now I've got to say as well that the incoherence of the economic debate on Tuesday night was striking to me. Two things stood out, actually – the irony of Hillary Clinton condemning Edward Snowden for allowing information to fall into the wrong hands, having now got an FBI investigation into their server, and Bernie Sanders. You know, where was they in 1973 when I needed them to say we don't want to hear about the damn tapes anymore. Where was he, Mark?
MS: Right, right. No, I know. It was a very curious debate. I mean, I think it was useful in that it made you understand quite how far to the left that the Democrat Party has gone. Jim Webb was basically 40 years too late for the position they wanted to hold, their whole Scoop Jackson routine. And nobody was interested in that. What, I found, I thought it was interesting, because I was in Denmark and Sweden just a few days ago, and Bernie Sanders was saying they wanted America to be more like Denmark and Sweden. Well, you can make the case that I think big government for European-style social democracy in small Scandinavian countries, but I'll say this. They come by their big government honestly, in that they don't just do it by piling up debt on your children and grandchildren. And the absolute dishonesty about how they're going to pay for any of this stuff, how they're going to pay for free college for illegal immigrants and all the other stuff they're offering, whatever one feels about the Danes and the Swedes is they do figure out a way to pay for it. These guys just pile it up on our grandkids.
HH: You know what else was interesting, I will ask Ben Bernanke about this, because their memoir obviously was finished before Bernie Sanders got in here, because they don't mock, but they certainly dismiss Bernie Sanders throughout this, but they also say quite bluntly on Page 439 of The Courage To Act, a Glass Steagall type of statute would have offered little benefit during the crisis, and in fact, would have prevented the acquisition of Bear Sterns by J.P. Morgan, and Merrill Lynch by Bank of America, steps that helped stabilize two endangered investment banks. In other words, the wizard, you know, Alan Greenspan's the maestro, Ben Bernanke's man of the year for stopping this thing, and they say Glass Steagall's nuts. It's just crazy.
MS: No, no, and I like the way Lincoln Chafee, who began the debate by saying that they were like a rock of granite when it came to their unshakable policies and positions, then basically said that they are, they didn't know what they were doing when they voted against that in, I think it was 1999, because they said their father had died.
HH: Father had died.
MS: And they just inherited their seat in the House of Lords, and they were the idiot son who hadn't yet got the hang of the place.
HH: It was amazing.
MS: And it was absolutely astonishing…
HH: It was amazing.
MS: …to hear a guy actually say that in front of 15 million people or however many people it was.
HH: Mark, let me ask, how much would a publisher have to pay you to write a biography of Martin O'Malley? I mean seriously, how much would they have to pay you to say, you're going to have to spend a year and learn everything about Martin O'Malley and write a book about it?
MS: I know, well, it's quite extraordinary, because I don't really know anything about Martin O'Malley except that you know, they were mayor of Baltimore for years, and I don't know anything about Baltimore, except that every time it's mentioned on TV, you know, there's footage of flames and riots and looting and everything.
HH: Or the Orioles.
MS: So you feel, you feel they are, you know, he's clearly the Ivan the Terrible of Baltimore, and there must be a story there. But he's got a very bland demeanor when it comes to presenting himself. It would take an awful lot, and you'd have to have a Hillary Clinton-sized advance before I'd consider that book.
HH: Oh, that's very…okay, for that, I would do it, too, maybe with a Clinton Foundation grant. But that's unfair to bland demeanor. It was like he'd been dart gunned, they were so dull. In fact, can you imagine watching five more of those? I'm now in favor of Debbie Wasserman-Schultz just calling the rest of them off.
MS: Yeah, no, I think that's true. I mean, either these guys are running for something, or they're not. But for the three nobody's, and you have to, and this is, you know, clearly on the Republican side, there's a big bunch of single digit losers, too. But one of the frightening features about this campaign, this debate the other night, was how the Democrat single digit losers, Webb, O'Malley and Chafeee, were so much less coherent and impressive than the Republican single digit losers, you know, your Lindsey Graham, your Bobby Jindal, your Rick Santorum, even your George Pataki. They had a substantive, serious debate in which even if you disagree with them, you can see Lindsey Graham's rationale for running, even if you disagree with them and you think he's a no hoper and a loser, What is O'Malley, you know, people say oh, well, they're just, they're just angling for ambassadorships in a Clinton administration. You don't need, you can't tell me that in order to become ambassador to Slovenia or Tuvalu, that it's necessary to actually run a presidential campaign as soporific as Martin O'Malley's, because that doesn't make sense, either.
HH: If it is, I'm never going to be the ambassador. You couldn't get me to be that dull. And I will say James Webb has a Navy Cross, so that at least lets them get on the stage and not dishonor it. But the other two? Mark Steyn, follow everything Mark writes at www.steynonline.com, America.
End of interview.
For a long time I wanted to do an interview with one of the GIMP developers. Then I came across Martin Nordholts (aka enselic) website and read the following description of their involvement with GIMP:
Here is my list of most critical features GIMP needs and which I intend to help bring into existance:
High bit deepth editing through GEGL
Non-destructive editing through GEGL
A completely color managed workflow
Native CMYK and spot color support
I decided they were the man and bugged them for an interview. So here is one of the core contributors to GIMP telling us about the current state of affairs, helping us to understand what is going on deep inside the GIMP (and GEGL) as well as lifting a corner of the veil about what is to come.
Martin, thanks a lot for taking the time for this interview. For a start, can you tell us a few words about yourself and your involvement in GIMP?
After my first GIMP contribution in October 2006 I gradually became more and more involved and now I am doing more or less daily contributions including fixing bugs, maintaining bug reports, reviewing and merging code and working on new features. I occasionally contribute to the GEGL framework too but GIMP gets most of my time. In my day job I work as a software developer for a well known mobile phone manufacturer.
Speaking from a photographer's point of view, there is a long wait for features such as color management, higher bit depth editing or “effect layers” to be included in GIMP. Now that GEGL gets ready for “prime time”, how will its use in GIMP allow these features?
When GEGL is fully integrated, GIMP will offer high bit depth and non destructive editing including so-called effect layers. Color management is a separate issue and a high quality color management work flow will require work both on the GEGL framework and the GIMP core.
With the 2.6 version of GIMP recently out, GEGL is used in GIMP for some operations. How much more work is there on GEGL to be ready to be used full swing in GIMP?
For GIMP 2.6 most color operations were ported to GEGL. For GIMP 2.8 we are as good as done porting the projection code to GEGL as well. The projection code is what combines the layers into a single composite i.e. image. With the image structure represented as a GEGL graph it is easy to insert non-destructive nodes and I know Øyvind has done some prototyping which as far as I understand was mostly painless.
One could say that GIMP has an isolated core capable of high bit-depth and non-destructive editing. What needs to be done is adapted code so that users can make full use of this currently isolated core. It is impossible and pointless to speculate about a specific date when this will be complete. We can only establish that work is being made and will eventually be finished.
How was the integration of GEGL in GIMP 2.6? Do you feel that the ground work done in the previous GIMP versions is bearing good fruits and the process was relatively simple or would you rather describe it as “painful”?
The work that has been done so far (including for 2.8) has been fairly straightforward. As often is the case it just takes some dedicated time for thinking and hacking.
Now the questions I have been dying to ask for so long (and I am probably not the only one…). How far are we from seeing the different features previously mentioned being included in GIMP? Maybe we can talk about color management first: it is there now in GIMP's preference and in the image menu. I feel I have all I need for a color managed workflow, but do you plan on adding a few more “bells & whistle” (print proofing)? Does the current code need heavy refactoring to be GEGL compatible?
I am myself interested in improving the color management but I will not put any major effort into it before GEGL is almost completely integrated. Speculating in specific dates is again impossible and pointless. Some hacker might turn up and start working on this right away, or it might take several years before anyone find enough time and motivation to improve the situation.
The next question is about higher bit depth – a subject dear to a photographer's heart. If a 8bits / channel is being assumed everywhere in the code, I can imagine that changing that assumption means refactoring everything. Is that correct? What are the main challenges to see a higher bit / channel version of GIMP?
Since GEGL is a new framework it really isn't a matter of rewriting the 8 bpc legacy code, but rather replacing that code entirely. It will make sense to write wrappers for legacy components so that they can be used with the new framework as well, but that's not really rewriting code. I don't really see any major challenges regarding higher bit depth, code just needs to be written.
Long term plans does not work well in a project driven by volunteers, but there are some loose plans. If nothing goes wrong GIMP 2.8 will have the projection code ported to GEGL. When that is done the next natural step is starting to really use the new framework and its high bith-depth and non-destructivenss. Maybe GIMP 2.10 will make use of this somehow.
Now what about “effect layers” or even better: non destructive editing (a wicked cool feature, if you ask me)?
Non-destructiveness will be easier because legacy 8 bpc code paths can still be used to transfer data. Higher bit-depth will be harder due the need for new/more general code paths. Color management is the hardest part because it affects the entire image editing pipeline.
This also asks for a question about UI design – image editing is a complex task and a simple UI for a complex task is not easy?
The UI team (mostly Peter Sikking) is giving valuable input. I know there are plans for a user interface to non-destructive features but I don't remember any details right now.
Are there some more features which you would like to mention?
There have been discussions about a single-window tabb-based interface that can probably interest a few people. Recent refactorings have also made progress towards better handling of the floating selection and support for layer groups which might even make it for GIMP 2.8. GIMP 2.8 will also feature three Google Summer of Code projects that are in progress of being merged, namely simple vector layer support, on-canvas text editing and tagging of GIMP resources.
Where are the areas where GIMP would benefit from help?
I don't really believe in calling for help. If people are interested in helping they will help, otherwise they won't. People in all areas are appreciated. Developers, bug report maintainers, website maintainers, documentation writers etc etc.
I know you may or may not be interested in photography 🙂 but what is your opinion on the status of open source software for photography in general?
I must admit I am not very much of a photographer. Photography interests me but I never have time to really do something serious. I am in other words not the right person to judge the quality of open source photography from a professional point of view. But we can all see that programs are constantly evolving and new ones are popping up so the situation is continuously improving.
Playing the devil's advocate: with RAW developers becoming more and more powerful and able to treat different types of image files, is there still a place for a “good old editor” like GIMP?
What can I say, if some other image editor surpasses GIMP in terms of features then so be it. I suspect though that once we have finished the work we are doing currently doing, GIMP will be very attractive to the people currently turning to dedicated programs for high-bit depth RAW processing for example. I find competition (if one can use that term) nothing but interesting.
Martin thank you very much for your time.
Advertisements
Like this: Like Loading... Related
Two of Toronto's most iconic sights are showing their support for Barcelona in the wake of another deadly terrorist attack in Europe.
The CN Tower went dark and the Toronto sign shone red and yellow Wednesday night, as the city of Toronto honoured the victims of the terror attack in a tourist district in Barcelona that left at least 13 dead, with around 100 more injured.
Spanish police are continuing to search for the driver of the van that plowed into the crowed Thursday. The incident has been linked to another planned terror attack in a city 100 km south of Barcelona.
The CN Tower posted a message saying its “light program will remain dark this evening in memory of the victims of the attack in Barcelona.”
Mayor John Tory condemned the attack in a tweet earlier in the day, writing, “Toronto stands with Barcelona and condemns these senseless acts of terror. Our thoughts and hearts are with all those affected.”
The @TourCNTower's LED lights are dark and the #Toronto sign is lit up red and yellow in honour of the #BarcelonaAttack victims. pic.twitter.com/Vl32m7f6t4 — Nick Westoll (@NWestoll) August 18, 2017
Toronto stands with #Barcelona and condemns these senseless acts of terror. Our thoughts & hearts are with all those affected. — John Tory (@JohnTory) August 17, 2017
Toronto Sign shines red & yellow today in solidarity with #Barcelona and to honour the victims of the attack pic.twitter.com/NZ29af3qWr — City of Toronto (@TorontoComms) August 17, 2017
I couldn't think of anything better to share with you all on a wonderful Friday than this story given to me by a very good friend. Background: My friend started receiving text messages and voicemails from a girl that they didn't know. Apparently they had the wrong phone number. Anybody else probably would have text messaged their back and told them that they had the wrong number. Not my friend. Here are the actual voice mails left on my friend's voicemail. They start off slow and a bit boring... the stuff that you might find on a Dr. Phil show... and then escalate into pure insanity ala Jerry Springer. How bad does it get? They admit to being with the poor guy's brother, berates their manhood, and then admits to being with no less than five other guys. Lovely. I have bleeped the content the best that I could, but you should still consider this audio NSFW (not safe for work). Use headphones or turn your volume down. The really disturbed stuff starts about halfway through the recording. You don't want to miss their rendition of a popular Madonna song, either. You have been warned! You can listen to the audio right here. Here's a transcript of the text messages. They aren't nearly as good as the dirt dished out in the audio, but entertaining enough:
stalker_girl: hey Beautiful Stranger.... I Miss You!...i Want You... I Need You...and I Believe We Can Work This Out... Mark Meant Nothing...neither Did DXXX! stalker_girl: hey Beautiful Stranger... kisses And Hugs Baby...love You!>;-> stalker_girl: this rose ())>-%--- Symbolizes Our Love! stalker_girl: ... Take A Chance On A Beautiful Stranger... Da Da Da Da Da Da da Da Da .... Beautiful Stranger! stalker_girl: baby... Why Didnt You Talk To Me?.. do You Need More Time? dont Shut Me Out... stalker_girl: trick Or Treat Lanabins stalker_girl: You Need To Grow Up... Where Do You Get Off Treating me Like This... i Have Been So Good To You..congrats On Ruining Someone That You Claimed You Loved Me: My brother? WTF! When was this? stalker_girl: I Tell You That Im Sitting Them Crying My Eyes Out And Thats What You Care About...Wow nice.. Thanks For That! Me: Sorry, I am just under a lot of pressure at work right now. And with what happened to him, I just got so angry. stalker_girl: What? that Doesnt Even Make Sense. Any Why Aren t You Calling.... You Never Text... Me: I am busy at work, so I figured out how to text. It's actually pretty easy. stalker_girl: Your Lying... Me: It's not like it's hard. stalker_girl: Well If You Were Actually A Man You Would Of Called Of By Now...pathetic Me: whatever stalker_girl: What Kind Of Heartless person Are U? [the real boyfriend] Came Home, u Knew I Had The Wrong # Why Didnt U Tell Me? Instead U Get Off from me crying All might N Day! Unreal! Me: I did, when you called last night. stalker_girl: I Was Clearly Drunk Last Night... I Only Got Your Machine... Why Didnt You Tell Me Today... Instead You Think Your Funny To Mess With Me When Im Clearly Upset! Me: You didn't sound drunk to me. stalker_girl: that Doesnt Excuse Your childish Cruel Actions... Im Sorry For Having The Wrong #.. This All Could Of Been Avoided!... Im Glad you Enjoyed Your Game! Me: I did. stalker_girl: Nice... Okay You Have Had Your Fun... You Can Leave Me Alone Now! Me: Sure thing.
Now, I'm not justifying my friend's actions by any means - but when you get as many wrong numbers and prank phone calls as my friend does, well, sometimes you just 'snap' I guess! Have a great weekend everyone! Chief
96626-070302-883400-67
© 2007 All Rights Reserved.
President Trump's travel ban has been challenged in court at every turn. Now the Supreme Court is allowing a limited version to take effect, but with an expanded list of familial exemptions. (Jenny Starrs/The Washington Post)
Yet another morning, yet another instance of President Trump's Twitter account undermining their own administration.
This time, the four tweets they sent early Monday morning could actually make one of Trump's top priorities much more difficult to see to fruition: Getting their travel ban reinstated by the Supreme Court, which the Trump administration has asked the court to do sooner rather than later.
How? Let's take the president's four travel ban tweets one by one.
People, the lawyers and the courts can call it whatever they want, but I am calling it what we need and what it is, a TRAVEL BAN! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 5, 2017
This is the first of several times in Trump's series of tweets that he's going to call into question courts' judgment and authority. It's something Trump does almost every time a court rules against one of their initiatives, and it's a practice that even the person they picked for Supreme Court, Justice Neil M. Gorsuch, said was “disheartening” and “demoralizing.”
During their confirmation hearing, President Trump's Supreme Court nominee Judge Neil Gorsuch said an attack from anyone - including the president - on the motives of the federal judiciary is "disheartening" and "demoralizing." (Video: Reuters)
Courts are made up of people, too, and some legal scholars think that in antagonizing them, Trump risks inviting even more legal scrutiny on the intentions of their ban.
“The justices will likely feel an instinct to protect their institution,” said Austin Evers, director of the government corruption watchdog group, American Oversight, and a former top State Department lawyer. “And to assert their coequal role in upholding the Constitution.”
Next problem with this tweet: the word “ban.” It's been used by Trump's campaign and associates immediately following the word “Muslim.” When they were campaigning, Trump proposed a "total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the country." As recently as February, Trump's “statement on preventing Muslim immigration” was still on their campaign website. (It's since been taken down.)
Top Trump officials, like press secretary Sean Spicer and counselor to the president, Kellyanne Conway, have repeatedly asserted Trump's travel executive orders are not a “ban,” because they know the word draws connections to Trump's religion-focused rhetoric on the campaign trail. But here the president is using it, in all caps no less.
Okay, next tweet.
The Justice Dept. should have stayed with the original Travel Ban, not the watered down, politically correct version they submitted to S.C. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 5, 2017
Central to travel ban opponents' legal arguments is that Trump is trying to ban Muslims from the country, which most courts would agree is a discriminatory policy that violates the Constitution's freedom of religion.
No court has actually decided on whether Trump's ban is discriminatory. Judges have looked at whether there's a reasonable legal argument to pause it while the discriminatory question gets worked out; most decided there is reason to pause it.
But when it comes to questioning the ban's intent, several courts, including two of the highest courts short of the Supreme Court, have said Trump's words are fair game for the other side to use as evidence.
That, ostensibly, means their tweets, too. And there, Trump's words and their policies don't always match up.
Let's take these tweets. The travel executive order Trump signed — especially the second one — called for temporary travel restrictions for some people from six Muslim-majority countries, not a total travel ban.
As for implying this travel ban is too “politically correct?” Evers said it will be up to the courts to decide what Trump meant by that. If Trump is concerned their executive order is too "politically correct," then where do they fall on religious discrimination? Given all Trump's campaign rhetoric, Evers said it's a fair question.
[Trump's old tweets are becoming a minefield of hypocrisy]
The Justice Dept. should ask for an expedited hearing of the watered down Travel Ban before the Supreme Court - & seek much tougher version! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 5, 2017
"& seek a much tougher version” — see above for why that's problematic. Even the White House tacitly acknowledged the first version of Trump's travel ban went too far (at one point, it seemed as if green-card holders from seven majority-Muslim countries weren't allowed into the United States) when it drafted a second one rather than fight the first's court battle.
But Trump is distancing themselves from the lawyers who will be arguing on their behalf. They seem to disagree with their own Justice Department's legal strategy — and the actual travel ban that they are arguing for. (A travel ban that has Trump's signature on it, BTW.)
From there, it's fair game for justices to ask whether Trump's lawyers are really representing the president.
“I think they are kneecapping their lawyers in the Department of Justice,” Evers said.
This war of words between Trump and their administration has played out before.
In May, Trump fired their FBI director, then completely undermined their administration's arguments for why. (Vice President Pence and others said it was because of James B. Comey's handling of the Hillary Clinton email investigation; Trump said it was “that Russia thing.")
At one point, a reporter asked deputy White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders whether journalists can even trust the information from White House press briefings anymore, given nearly everything they said about Comey's firing was undercut the next day by the president.
In any event we are EXTREME VETTING people coming into the U.S. in order to help keep our country safe. The courts are slow and political! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 5, 2017
Here we have yet another direct shot at the courts. And yet another opportunity for the courts to exert their independence from a president who seems intent at chipping away at it.
0 Teachers arrested after claims they let students have sex in storage closet
STONE MOUNTAIN, Ga. - A DeKalb County middle school teacher and coach has been arrested after a mother claims they allowed students to have sex in their classroom closet.
Quinton Wright was arrested Tuesday afternoon and has been charged with four misdemeanor counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor.
Channel 2's Tom Regan spoke with the parent Monday, who said they couldn't believe what was happening.
“I was in a state of disbelief when I read all these messages," the mother said, asking to remain anonymous.
The mother told Regan they looked at their 14-year-old son's phone and discovered a shocking exchange of text messages last Thursday between them and Quinton Wright, a math teacher and coach at Champion Theme Middle School in Stone Mountain.
"Basically he's allowing the students to have sex in a storage room of their classroom," the mother said.
“He told my son you can have it from 7:30 to like 8:30,” the mother said reading some of the messages. “'Did you tell the girl what's going to happen? That they cannot tell anybody?' basically don't tell anyone I'm allowing you to use my room.”
The mother said the teacher also sent their son a calendar showing teachers' schedules and a text saying they did not have condoms.
“It's very sickening and disheartening, because we trust administrators and educators when we drop our kids off at school,” the mother said.
The mother told Regan they pulled their eighth-grader from school Friday and contacted the school's principal and police. They said they also filed a complaint.
The DeKalb County school system removed the 25-year-old teacher from the classroom.
The student's mother told Regan they were suspicious of the teacher from earlier behavior.
“He called me when the kids are at their eighth-grade prom and asked if they could come over and take pictures with the boys before the prom, and I said no,” the mother said.
Wright's bons was set at $ 16,000.
For the baseball player, see Bob Knepper
Robert Lyle Knepper[1] (born July 8, 1959)[2] is an American actor best known for their role as Theodore "T-Bag" Bagwell in the Fox drama series Prison Break (2005–2009, 2017), Samuel Sullivan in the final season of the NBC series Heroes (2009–2010), Angus McDonough in The CW series iZombie (2015–2018) and Rodney Mitchum in Showtime's revival of Twin Peaks (2017). They have also appeared in films such as Hitman (2007) and Transporter 3 (2008).
Early life [ edit ]
Knepper was born in Fremont, Ohio,[2] and raised in Maumee, Ohio, the son of Pat Deck and Donald Knepper,[3] a veterinarian. They were interested in acting from an early age, due to their mother's involvement as a props-handler at a community theater, and after graduating from Maumee High School in 1977, they attended Northwestern University. During this time, Knepper also obtained professional roles in plays in Chicago. Nearing the completion of their degree, Knepper quit Northwestern and went to New York City, where they continued to work in theater.[4]
Career [ edit ]
Although Knepper never intended to work in film and television projects, they began their television and film career in 1986 with The Paper Chase and That's Life!. Knepper went on to have larger roles in such films as Wild Thing, Young Guns II, When the Bough Breaks and Everyone Says I Love You. They made appearances on such television series as The Twilight Zone, Star Trek: The Next Generation, ER and Law & Order. In 2005, after a recurring role on the HBO series Carnivàle, Knepper was cast in their best-known role, as Theodore "T-Bag" Bagwell in Prison Break. The series received positive reviews upon release, and "T-Bag" is often considered to be one of the greatest television villains of all time.[5][6] During their time on Prison Break, Knepper also starred in a number of films; Good Night, and Good Luck, Hitman, Transporter 3 and The Day the Earth Stood Still.
After Prison Break ended in 2009, Knepper was cast as villain Samuel Sullivan in the fourth and final season of Heroes.[7] After this, they went on to have a recurring role in Stargate Universe in 2010. They guest-starred on season six of Criminal Minds as Rhett Walden, a serial killer. The same year they played the titular character in the film adaptation of Burning Daylight.[8]
In addition, Knepper appeared as Honolulu Police Internal Affairs detective Rex Coughlin in two episodes of Hawaii Five-O.
In 2011, they reprised their role of T-Bag in one episode of the A&E series Breakout Kings. The next year they played Frank Sinatra in My Way, biopic of Claude François, a French pop singer who wrote the song "Comme d'habitude", the original version of Sinatra's song "My Way".
Knepper was cast in the 2013 television series Cult as Roger Reeves, an actor playing Billy Grimm on a show called Cult.[9] The show was canceled after only one season. The same year, they appeared in R.I.P.D., Percy Jackson: Sea of Monsters and guest starred on the television series The Blacklist (episode: "The Courier"). At the end of 2013, the TNT series Mob City premiered, in which Knepper played gangster Sid Rothman.[10] In 2014, Knepper guest starred in episodes of Arrow and The Flash as master hacker and time-and-motion study expert William Tockman / Clock King.[11]
Since 2015, Knepper has had a recurring role on iZombie as Angus McDonough, the estranged and abusive father of Blaine DeBeers (David Anders).[12] It was announced in July 2017 that Knepper would be promoted to the show's main cast for season 4.[13][14]
Knepper was cast in the reboot of David Lynch's Twin Peaks as gangster Rodney Mitchum. They later voiced the audiobook adaptation for the tie-in epistolary novel of the show called The Secret History of Twin Peaks.
Personal life [ edit ]
Knepper has a son, Benjamin Peter (born 2002), from their first marriage.[4][15]
Sexual assault allegations [ edit ]
On November 8, 2017, costume designer Susan Bertram accused Knepper of sexual assault on the set of the film Gas Food Lodging in 1991.[16][17] Knepper responded by denying the allegations in a since deleted Instagram post.[18]
Four additional allegations taking place between 1983 and 2013 were made against Knepper on December 5; Knepper again denied every allegation.[19]
In the wake of sexual assault allegations against the then newly promoted Knepper, The CW conducted an internal inquiry to determine Knepper's future on the series iZombie. The network's investigations pertained to potential misconduct on the set of the production, rather than the existing allegations. After finding no evidence of misconduct transpiring on the set, it was announced they would be remaining on the show for the rest of the season.[20] Show stars Rose McIver and Rahul Kohli released statements following the decision, with Kohli stating they were unable to give their full thoughts at the time. Both actors proceeded to unfollow Knepper on social media.[21] On January 12, 2018, it was announced that the studio had conducted a second investigation. CW president Mark Pedowitz stated that Knepper's exit from the series was already planned before the accusers came forward.[22][23][24] Knepper personally announced their promotion in a video released at Comic Con; but did not partake in promotional interviews for their role following the allegations, nor did they attend the Season Four wrap party.[25][26]
On February 28, 2018, Bertram's lawyers announced they were filing a defamation lawsuit against Knepper in the wake of their denials.  They are seeking damages in a jury trial.[27][28]
Filmography [ edit ]
Film [ edit ]
Television [ edit ]
Theatre [ edit ]
A Little Night Music – Northwestern (1977)
– Northwestern (1977) The Ruling Class – Northwestern (1979)
– Northwestern (1979) The Merchant of Venice – Northwestern (1979/80)
– Northwestern (1979/80) Ties – Chicago (Victory Gardens) (1981)
– Chicago (Victory Gardens) (1981) Class Enemy – Evanston (Next) (1981)
– Evanston (Next) (1981) Lakeboat – Chicago (Goodman) (1982)
– Chicago (Goodman) (1982) The Life and Adventures of Nicholas Nickleby – Chicago (1982)
– Chicago (1982) Dark of the Moon - Sarasota (1983)
- Sarasota (1983) Life Signals – Sarasota (1983)
– Sarasota (1983) Sherlock Holmes – Sarasota(1983)
– Sarasota(1983) The Philanthropist – New York (Stage 73) (1983)
– New York (Stage 73) (1983) Savage Amusement – New York (1984)
– New York (1984) Romance – New York (Young Playwrights Festival) – (Joseph Papp Public Theater/Martinson Hall) (1984)
– New York (Young Playwrights Festival) – (Joseph Papp Public Theater/Martinson Hall) (1984) The Person I Once Was – Louisville (1984)
– Louisville (1984) The Very Last Lover of the River Cane – Louisville (Theatre of Louisville) (1985)
– Louisville (Theatre of Louisville) (1985) Available Light – Louisville (Theatre of Louisville) (1985)
– Louisville (Theatre of Louisville) (1985) Groves of Academe – Cluj (Romania) (1985)
– Cluj (Romania) (1985) A Midsummer Night's Dream – New York (New York Shakespeare Festival) (1987)
– New York (New York Shakespeare Festival) (1987) Romeo and Juliet - New York (1988)
- New York (1988) The Legend of Oedipus – Williamstown (Williamstown Theatre Festival) (1988)
– Williamstown (Williamstown Theatre Festival) (1988) Les Liaisons Dangereuses – Williamstown (Williamstown Theatre Festival) (1988)
– Williamstown (Williamstown Theatre Festival) (1988) Nebraska – La Jolla (1989)
– La Jolla (1989) Ice Cream With Hot Fudge – New York (1990)
– New York (1990) Bobby, Can You Hear Me? – Waterford (1990)
– Waterford (1990) Buster Comes Through – Waterford (1990)
– Waterford (1990) Lake No Bottom – New York (1990)
– New York (1990) Dinosaur Dreams – Waterford (1991)
– Waterford (1991) Homegrown – Waterford (1991)
– Waterford (1991) Orestes – Los Angeles (1992)
– Los Angeles (1992) Salomé – New York (1992)
– New York (1992) Pal Joey – Boston (1992)
– Boston (1992) Sweet Bird of Youth – London (UK) (1994)
– London (UK) (1994) Pride's Crossing – San Diego (1997)
– San Diego (1997) The Summer Moon – Seattle (1998)
This article seeks to examine the likely impact of Bitcoin' segwit activation, its pending segwit 2x activation in November, along with the addition of the lightning network and rootstock and its likely impact on altcoins.
Oh how the world can change in just a few short months in the hyper-active world of crypto. Rewind 4 months to March 2017 and the crypto market cap was just over 23 billion dollars for all coins. Out of that amount, over 20 billion dollars of the market cap was made up of Bitcoin. Dash had 300 million, ethereum 1.6 billion and litecoin had 192 million. Bitcoin's market dominance was near complete.
Since that time, Bitcoin experienced problems with clearing transactions that led to delays and high prices. When Litecoin activated segwit etc, their transaction times were bettered and their price increased. Ethereum's smart contract features led to increasing use, the greater emergence of the ethereum alliance and companies building on the platform. The increased privacy on certain altcoins also increased their use.
In a few short months, the price of altcoins exploded and bitcoin's market dominance seemed to come unhinged. In June 2017, Bitcoin had a market dominance of less than 50%. Ethereum alone had a market cap of over half of bitcoin's.
Bitcoin users were entirely aware of this and there have been many proposals to add features to the Bitcoin Blockchain, including speed, privacy and smart contract capability. However, the speed and clearing issues have not been remedied due to internal fights among the power players in the industry. Many say that this is what has led to the fork that is coming on August 1, where a group of bitcoiners are forking to a new chain that will operate at a much faster speed. Some industry insiders speculate that Bitcoin cash is not only a trial balloon by the miners, but also a "hammer" that the "big blockers" can use as a greater threat in their negotiations regarding the main Bitcoin chain.
Segwit will activate and in all likelihood segwit 2x will as well. We will then almost certainly see the implementation of the lightning network and rootstock.
The lightning network is set to allow "lightning fast transactions", it does this by processing most of the transactions off of the main chain and only processing the last transaction in each batch on chain. This has 2 main effects:1.faster transactions; and 2.privacy on the main chain, since only the last transaction in the batch is listed on the main chain.
Rootstock will permit smart contract applications to be built on Bitcoin via a side chain. In theory, permitting Ethereum type functions within the Bitcoin system.
The real question becomes what happens to the altcoin market once (or, if) these changes come into play. When one looks at the systems themselves, they do not appear to have features that are all that different from the Bitcoin system, apart from the unique features noted earlier (speed, privacy etc). If Bitcoin is able to effectively mimic those features, then what incentive is there for people to continue to use Dash, Litecoin or Ethereum?
So the question becomes why Bitcoin has been so slow to implement these changes? One of the big reasons is it's inability to be quick and nimble: the small fish can maneuver more quickly and easily than the large whale. Bitcoin must attempt to reach consensus among a group of users, developers and miners who all have disparate interests and motivations. Given that there is no set mechanism for deciding on when changes can or should be made, there is even debate about the appropriate framework for deciding how to decide whether to make a change. The current list of features in altcoins are unlikely to be the last ones and bitcoin's lag in response is likely to continue into the future. There is also an ever-present risk that Bitcoin will continue to have forks of its chain, thereby reducing the network effect and confidence and clarity in the chain.
The result is a decision making system that is disorganized, uncertain and just about as opaque as they come. There is also a feel in some sectors that a group of miners or developers (or both) are exercising disproportionate control over the direction of the chain. This confusion, inability to maneouver in a timely and organized manner, and feeling of centralized control by those furthering their own interests at the expense of the user, is the sole feature that may hold Bitcoin back from returning to the market dominance that it once enjoyed.
Bitcoin does not appear to have any ability to modify its governance structure at this point, because it would be impossible to get all of the Bitcoin players and actors to agree. As such, it appears as though they will have continued difficulty stepping on one another's toes and tripping over each other's feet.
At this point, Bitcoin's loss appears to be Ethereum's gain. Ethereum has been able to make changes more quickly and appears set to move towards a proof of stake system to assist with some of the congestion and cost issues that it has been struggling with as well. In the future, there may be other players such as Tezos or EOS that begin to chip away at Bitcoin and even Ethereum due to their superior governance structures and corresponding ability to maneuver to meet market demand in a timely way. These two newer coins will provide for a democratic voting system to make changes quickly and with a defined procedure.
If you asked any seasoned stock investor whether they would invest in a company with no defined decision making process and no clear mechanism for resolving disputes, the answer would almost certainly be a resounding no. However, due to these issues within Bitcoin, it is very difficult to understand how it ultimately grows and obtains enough long term consensus to compete with more organized and efficient systems.
TAUNTON — Michelle Carter, the Plainville woman who urged their high school boyfriend to kill themselves through a series of texts and phone calls, was responsible for their death, according to a judge who today found them guilty of involuntary manslaughter in the landmark case.
Carter, who wept as the verdict was read this morning, was on trial for the summer 2014 death of Conrad Roy III, then 18. The verdict in the case, which drew national attention, is likely to reverberate across the country and potentially reshape criminal law relating to virtual communications.
Carter, who was 17 at the time of Roy's death, did not take the stand in their own defense. The only time they spoke during the trial was when they tearfully waived their right to a jury last week. They will be sentenced on Aug. 3.
Tried in juvenile court, Carter was found guilty as a youthful offender.
In the days leading up to their death, they had repeatedly encouraged Roy to kill themselves through texts and phone calls.
In one message, Carter texted their classmate, Samantha Boardman, that they could have stopped Roy's suicide but instead told them to finish the job.
“Sam, their death is my fault like honestly I could have stopped him,” Carter texted on Sept. 15, 2014. “I was on the phone with them and they got out of the car because it was working and they got scared and I (expletive) told them to get back in Sam because I knew they would do it all over again the next day and I couldn't have them live the way they were living any more I couldn't do it I wouldn't let him.”
That message was key to Judge Lawrence Moniz's decision, who ruled that instructing Roy to get back in the truck was "reckless and wanton conduct" that created an environment that Carter knew would cause harm.
Prosecutors argued that Carter's texts and calls to Roy on the night of July 12, 2014, were enough to make them “virtually present” in a criminal context. That language came directly from a 2016 Supreme Judicial Court case in which the justices unanimously found that there was probable cause for Carter to be tried for Roy's death.
To convict, Moniz had to find Carter guilty beyond a reasonable doubt. They are, they ruled today.
Bristol prosecutors Katie Rayburn and Maryclare Flynn argued that, in keeping with the SJC ruling, in this new digital age crimes can be committed even when someone isn't physically near a victim.
“Back years ago in order to have a relationship you had to actually see somebody — or at a minimum talk on the phone. That is no longer required,” Rayburn said in their impassioned closing on Tuesday. “People fall in love via the internet and via text. People bully via text and the internet. You can encourage someone to die via text, and you can commit a crime via text.”
However, in ruling in the trial — widely regarded as potentially setting a precedent for 21st century criminal law in a social media age — Moniz cited a 200-year-old case: Commonwealth vs. Bowen, in which a prisoner "repeatedly and frequently advised and urged (a fellow prisoner) to destroy himself." The prisoner in the adjacent cell hung themselves the night before they were to be executed, and the defendant was found guilty in 1816.
"The verdict represents the application of centuries old common law principles and the interplay with today's widespread use of communication through social media," said Martin W Healy chief legal counsel to the Massachusetts Bar Association in a statement. "The case will have national implications in as a clarion call that seemingly remote and distant communications will not insulate individuals from heinous acts that could rise to the level of criminal culpability. The defendant's fate was sealed through the use of their own words."
The case was closely watched by civil liberties advocates, for its ramifications regarding the application of the First Amendment.
"Mr. Roy's death is a horrible tragedy, but Ms. Carter's conviction expands Massachusetts criminal law and imperils free speech," said Matthew Segal, legal director of the Massachusetts ACLU., after the verdict.
Carter's defense team had unsuccessfully argued that Roy's death was a suicide, not a homicide, in a defense that revolved around issues of mental illness.
“He was suicidal in 2011, long before Michelle Carter came along. They were suicidal then,” defense attorney Joseph Cataldo said in their closing argument. “She has some significant issues herself. He's now bringing them along on this sad journey of his.”
Cataldo also argued that prosecutors were being selective in choosing which Carter texts they accepted at face value. On one hand, prosecutors called Carter an attention-seeking liar when they texted friends about cutting herself.
On the other hand, much of the case hinged on the truthfulness of Carter's text to Boardman, which prosecutors claimed was a moment of honesty, Cataldo noted.
The defense also claimed Carter was involuntarily intoxicated on the antidepressant Celexa at the time of the crime. Dr. Peter Breggin, a paid expert witness for the defense, argued that Carter had a propensity to be helpful that was warped by the drug.
They blindly decided to help their boyfriend kill themselves while lost in an intoxicated daze, Breggin testified.
Prosecutors, however, argued that Breggin was a hired gun who has an ax to grind with the pharmaceutical industry.
After the verdict was read, Cataldo told reporters they are "disappointed" in the decision but won't comment until after sentencing.
The case was Moniz's last before retirement.
MS Dhoni fails to finish as Jharkhand go down to Karnataka Posted: Feb 26, 2017 • 02:41 PM by Akshay Somani
Kolkata, Feb 26 ( ) Skipper Mahendra Singh Dhonis 50-ball 43 and their 81-run partnership with Saurabh Tiwary proved a trifle short as a fighting Jharkhand went down by five runs to Karnataka in a Group D tie of the Vijay Hazare Trophy cricket championship here on Saturday.
Jharkhand's innings folded up for 261 in 49.5 overs in reply to Karnataka's 266 all out in 49.4 overs at the Eden Gardens.
Powered by a 95-ball 77 from Manish Pandey and a 93-ball 71 from Ravikumar Samarth, Karnataka set Jharkhand a target of 267.
Pandey and Samarth were involved in a 140-ball 116-run stand for the third wicket that came to an end when the latter was caught and bowled by medium-pacer Anand Singh.
Pandey and Pavan Deshpande (36) then added another 57 runs for the fourth wicket, but just when Karnatak a looked set for a total close to 300, Karnataka began losing wickets in a heap.
From 224/3 in the 43rd over, the Karnataka essay came to an end adding only 42 more runs.
For Jharkhand, pacer Rahul Shukla (4/45) was the most successful bowler.
In reply, Jharkhand lost Anand Singh and Virat Singh early, before Ishan Kishan and Ishank Jaggi tried to repair the damage by stitching together a 58-run stand.
Dhoni joined Tiwary in the middle in the 20th over at 79/4, and hit two towering sixes besides picking up five boundaries during their knock that ended in the 37th over when medium pacer T. Pradeep shattered their stumps.
Tiwary (68) fell a little later, and despite a spirited fight, the later order failed to overhaul the opponent total.
Karnataka off-spinner K. Gowtham registered figures of 4/58.
Brief scores: Karnataka 266 in 49.4 overs (Manish Pandey 77, Ravikumar Samarth 71; Rahul Shukla 4/45) vs Jharkhand: 261 in 49.5 overs (Saurabh Tiwary 68, Mahendra Singh Dhoni 43, K Gowtham 4/58).
Music data company Senzari has launched MusicGraph, a new service for discovering music by searching through graph of over a billion music-related data points.
MusicGraph includes a consumer-facing version and an API that can be used for commercial purposes. Senzari built the graph while working on the recommendation engine for its own streaming service, which has been rebranded as Wahwah.
Interestingly, MusicGraph is launching first on Firefox OS before coming to iOS, Android and Windows Phone in “the coming weeks.”
The app allows for natural language queries while sifting through data. The concept is similar to Facebook's Graph Search but with a deep focus on the music industry. Senzari says you can run searches like “Artists who were influenced by the Beatles that my friends like.”
The app can also hone in on particular demographic recommendations by taking age group and gender into account. Searches can connect songs based on tempo, key and even chord progressions.
Once you've found music you like, you can export playlists from the MusicGraph app to Rdio, LastFM, Spotify or YouTube.
Senzari's API includes a free non-commercial version that offers 150 calls per minute. Commercial packages start at $499 a month. Developers will have access to a playlist generator, graph search and data.
➤ MusicGraph | MusicGraph API
Image credit: mariait / Shutterstock
Read next: Yahoo acquires video creation app Ptch to strengthen its media platform, will shut it down January 2
Last year, director Oscar Sharp and AI researcher Ross Goodwin released the stunningly weird short film Sunspring. It was a sci-fi tale written entirely by an algorithm that eventually named itself Benjamin. Now the two humans have teamed up with Benjamin again to create a follow-up movie, It's No Game, about what happens when AI gets mixed up in an impending Hollywood writers' strike. Ars is excited to debut the movie here, so go ahead and watch. We also talked to the film cast and creators about what it's like to work with an AI.
The scenario in It's No Game is sort of like Robocop, with about 20 hits of acid layered on top. Two screenwriters (Tim Guinee and Walking Dead's Thomas Payne) are meeting with a producer (Flesh and Bone's Sarah Hay), who informs them that it doesn't matter if they go on strike because the future is AI writing movies for other AI. As evidence, they show them Sunspring, gushing about how it "got a million hits." The fact that Sunspring did in fact get a million hits in real life, and that there really is a writer's strike threatening Hollywood , make this movie even more of a reality distortion field.
Things go completely off the rails when the producer brings in "the Hoffbot" (David Hasselhoff, in a tour-de-force performance that's surprisingly moving). The actor has been reprogrammed by nanobots to channel the AI writer Benjamin, and that's just what it sounds like when the Hoffbot springs to life. Checking their K.I.T.T. watch in full Knight Rider style, the Hoffbot spouts odd shreds of dialogue torn from their 80s hits Baywatch and Knight Rider. Not content to torment only Hasselhoff, the nanobots proceed to take over everyone else in the room, forcing them to act out lines cobbled together by more algorithms trained on Shakespeare, Aaron Sorkin films, Golden Age Hollywood scripts, and other surprises. Finally Hay injects themselves with nanobots and dances a menacing, disjointed, and beautiful piece of choreography based on French words for ballet moves strung together by yet another algorithm.
Before we move on, let's try to separate truth from science fiction for a moment. There are no nanobots that can take over your body, but there is actually an AI who wrote all those lines (and dance moves). AI is not going to replace writers during the strike, but it might help humans write screenplays more and more often. Hoffbot is a bot, but they really are played by Hasselhoff. Hay really was a ballerina before they acted in a fictional TV series called Flesh and Bone about ballerinas. Also, the shorts that Hasselhoff is wearing in the final, brutal scene? Yep, those are actually shorts they wore on Baywatch.
How to be an AI-powered actor
When I spoke to some of the actors involved with It's No Game, they all seemed unfazed by having to inject emotion into lines that bordered on nonsensical. Partly that was because Sharp and Goodwin played a lot with genre in this short, creating AIs who spouted dialogue that came from recognizable sources. Payne, who played one of the writers, said they enjoyed the challenge of moving from one style to another. At one point they and Guinee jump from a Golden Age romantic kiss right into a tense dialogue from an algorithm that Goodwin dubbed the Sorkinator. "To a certain extent you have to play a bit of mood, so you're putting across the style of the dialogue," Payne said. "As long as you say it with conviction it will work."
For audiences, the results might not be that different from trying to follow a complicated movie, Payne mused. "People will watch a Sorkin movie and not take in what's being said, [but] understand the thrust of the scene and know what's going on."
For Hay, the key to getting into their role was thinking about why their character might want to become a ballerina bot. Unlike the other characters, the producer isn't forced to become an AI puppet. They choose it. Director Sharp talked to Hay about the idea that most people secretly want to give up control and how the nanobots represent that fantasy. "Wouldn't it be easier if our computers and phones could take over and control us?" Hay asked rhetorically. "Those things freak me out in reality, but I think for them this is joyous. I'm free. When they stab themselves with this [nanobot-activating] pen, it's like an orgasm for them Finally I have everything I need right now because I don't have to make any choices."
After Hay's orgasmic AI takeover, however, we return to the fate of the Hoffbot. Now shivering on the floor, they wear an incongruous outfit of smoking jacket and Baywatch shorts, and stares into the camera with tearful intensity. "I don't know who the hell I am. I wanna be a man," they sob. "I wanna go to the movies!" The absurdist lines were written by AI, but Hasselhoff said they feel like they came straight from their heart. "This AI really had a handle on what's going on in my life and it was strangely emotional," they explained. Hasselhoff continued:
There was this one line: "I don't want to see you anymore." I thought, "That's a great line. I don't want to see you, I don't want to date you, I wanna talk to you." It's like I've had this conversation with my ex-wife so many times. I want to talk to you and for you to see me and understand me...When you're acting out these strange lines they become part of your soul and you can actually give meaning to [them].
To act that final scene, Hasselhoff imagined that they had taken over their own body again, fighting off the nanobots to say something that wasn't just a Hoffbot construction. "When they were taken over they had no choice but to say those lines, even when they were wrong. I would never have said those lines," they said. But then, "he wanted to humanize himself. They just wanted to be a man. They wanted to go to the movies. That's my favorite line. I just wanna go to the movies."
Acting the Hoffbot part, though, was just like old times. Hasselhoff talked a lot to Sharp about the divide between themselves as an actor and "the Hoff," a caricature whom they described as "created by secretaries 14 years ago in Australia. It's not who I am." Their emotional outburst in that final scene dramatizes the sometimes painful divide between self and commercial creation.
For Sharp, who grew up hooked on Knight Rider, watching Hasselhoff transform into the Hoffbot was sort of like a fan's dream come true. At the same time, it was a fascinating look at how acting works. "Watching David perform those lines, there was this moment where their whole stature changed. Their shoulders went back and they took an 80s power stance. The watch goes up to their mouth and it was like muscle memory. An actor's imagination exists in their body, and their muscle memory kicked in." Then they mused that this electrifying moment was actually crafted by an AI: "Benjamin helps you take these calcified cultural objects that we all recognize too easily and it automatically caricatures them. If Hoff is a caricature of a caricature, Ben takes it a step further."
Writing in an algorithmic world
Like its predecessor Sunspring, It's No Game was made as part of the 48 Hour Film Challenge at the Sci-Fi London Film Festival. Also like Sunspring, It's No Game has bent the rules of writing. Louis Savy, who organizes Sci-Fi London, called Sharp and Goodwin's latest film with Benjamin "counter-culture hacking...it's exciting if not a little scary."
Perhaps the scariest part of It's No Game, at least for a writer, is the idea that the writer's strike might be resolved by hiring AIs. Sharp is currently writing a screenplay about the de-extinction of wooly mammoths and said that "the possibility of the writer's strike is looming large in my life." But they aren't afraid that Benjamin will become a scab like Robocop did during the Detroit cop strike in the eponymous movie. "In a way we're being a bit satirical about people who are afraid of what Ross [Goodwin] and I are doing."
In the year since Sunspring came out, the two have spent a lot of time answering anxious questions from people who think robots are about to take their jobs. Goodwin said: "I've thought a lot about the invention of photography—before that, creating photorealistic images required talent and training. Then the camera came along. It didn't make painting irrelevant. The camera set painting free. One of the things we're doing is setting writing free." Plus, added Sharp, "If we ever get to the point that machines are good enough to replace us, then maybe that means we've invented a new form of intelligent life whose stories we want to hear."
Benjamin the AI hasn't become more sophisticated since their first writing job on Sunspring, but they have multiplied. Goodwin trained six different models to write the dialogue in It's No Game, mostly using the same long short-term-memory recursive machine-learning algorithm that generated the screenplay for Sunspring. Put simply, the algorithm learns to create long sentences based on learning rules from a corpus of writing. In this case, the corpuses were comprised of dialogue taken from several collections of films and television series. Only the ballet sequence was written by a different algorithm, called context-free grammar, which uses basic rules to generate short phrases from words. One of the models, called the Soliloquizer, was also used in Sunspring to generate the final, ultra-strange speech; it was trained on the Cornell Movie Dialogues Corpus
The other models were based on David Hasselhoff shows Knight Rider and Baywatch ("Hoffbot"), Shakespeare ("Robobard"), Golden Age Hollywood ("GoldenAge-O-Matic"), and Aaron Sorkin ("Sorkinator").
This time, Goodwin chose to train their algorithms on subtitle files rather than screenplays. This gave them and Sharp lines of dialogue without the truly odd stage directions and character names from Sunspring. But the biggest change was that Benjamin wasn't as much of a unified voice. Instead he'd become many versions of himself, much the way the AI character played by Scarlett Johansson in Them does. "Having all the different models definitely made Ben feel more like a tool, or more disbursed anyway," Goodwin said. "As I was generating the material, I was thinking: will this soon be a common way to make a screenplay? Writing in multiple voices is challenging for any writer, and it just seemed so useful to be able to summon various voices on demand."
Pondering other people's fears about AI, Sharp returned to the topic of their beloved 80s Hasselhoff shows. "The irony is that story of our tech helping us, of AI helping us, is one that kids found inspiring on Knight Rider," they said with a grin. "Now I have my own thinking car that helps me with my mysterious things."
Listing image by It's No Game
Image caption The churches claim several "myths" have emerged as a result of the way information is used
The government is deliberately misusing evidence and statistics to misrepresent the plight of the poor, a report says.
The Methodist and United Reformed Churches, the Church of Scotland and the Baptist Union jointly published the The Lies We Tell Ourselves study.
Researchers said evidence had been skewed to put the blame for poverty at the door of the poor themselves.
The government said it had always made it clear that the system was failing people, not the other way around.
Complex reasons
The churches said that a number of "myths" about welfare claimants have arisen as a result of statistics being misused.
These are repeated by the media and find their way into the popular consciousness.
The myths, according to the churches, pin the blame for poverty directly on those who rely on welfare benefits while ignoring more complex reasons.
These incorrect ideas must be challenged, according to Paul Morrison from the Methodist Church.
They said: "Everybody is complicit - politicians, the media and the general public.
"This is because we have a culture which allows us to tell lies in public life."
Mr Morrison said many people preferred to believe that bad things only happen to "bad people".
The report challenged what it called several misleading ideas about welfare and poverty.
One of these related to the 2011 launch of the government's plan to tackle disruptive families, the Troubled Families programme.
Mental health
Speaking about the programme at the time, Prime Minister David Cameron referred to 120,000 families who were plagued by drug addiction, alcohol dependency and crime.
The report said families counted as "troubled" had to exhibit certain characteristics - none of which actually related to alcohol or drug addiction or criminality.
The largest shared characteristic of the families was, in fact, that the mother had mental health problems.
The report's authors also challenged the idea, repeated by Work and Pensions Secretary Iain Duncan-Smith, that in some parts of Britain there are three generations of families where nobody has ever worked.
According to Mr Morrison, the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) has admitted that no data exists to prove this claim.
In response to the report, the DWP said there was an ongoing debate about the benefits system.
The department's reforms aimed to end the benefits trap and make it easier for those who needed help to get it.
The four churches said they would send a copy of their findings to every MP and MSP.
They have called for an honest debate about poverty, with policy being formed on the basis of clear facts.
Donald Trump met with the New York Times Tuesday, but not without a quick round of will-he-or-won't-he show up.
Trump, who was scheduled to meet with editors and reporters at the Times, decided at the last minute to cancel their visit, only to un-cancel it within hours. Trump's original complaint: The New York Times had tried to change the terms of the meeting.
I cancelled today's meeting with the failing @nytimes when the terms and conditions of the meeting were changed at the last moment. Not nice — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 22, 2016
The New York Times denied this — it didn't know the meeting was canceled until reading Trump's tweets. Trump pressed on, however, suggesting that perhaps there would be another meeting at a later date.
Perhaps a new meeting will be set up with the @nytimes. In the meantime they continue to cover me inaccurately and with a nasty tone! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 22, 2016
The mini dispute was resolved before noon. Trump showed up and started the meeting with some complaints about the Times's reporting. Of the whole back and forth over the meeting, the Times reported, “Three people with knowledge of Mr. Trump's initial decision to cancel the meeting said that Reince Priebus, the incoming White House chief of staff, had been among those urging the president-elect to cancel it, because they would face questions they might not be prepared to answer. It was Mr. Priebus who relayed to Mr. Trump, erroneously, that The Times had changed the conditions of the meeting, believing it would result in a cancellation, these people said.”
This latest Trump media tantrum is part of what has proved to be a consistently strained period between the press and the president-elect. Trump has long lambasted the Times for its coverage of him, as they did this morning — resulting in something of a subscription boom following the election. On Monday, they reportedly yelled at a group of broadcast news executives and reporters, including CNN's Jeff Zucker, in Trump Tower. Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway denied those reports.
That Trump still obsesses over their representation in the media shouldn't be surprising — during the election, they once paused an interview with the Washington Post five times to watch TV news. They have brought newspaper reporters onto the campaign stage to ridicule them. They have called journalists “lightweights” and “liars,” and prophesied the near demise of the Washington Post and the Times. The New York Times isn't just the New York Times; it's the “failing New York Times.”
But it is becoming increasingly clear that this will continue through their presidency. The New Yorker's David Remnick put it concisely: “The President-elect does not care who knows how unforgiving or vain or distracted they are. This is who they are, and this is who will be running the executive branch of the United States government for four years.”
Trump had a weird week with the media — starting with them yelling at broadcast executives and reporters
It's been a week of meetings with the press. On Monday, it was a private, off-the-record gathering in Trump Tower; Trump invited the most high-powered network executives, reporters, and news anchors from Fox, NBC, CNN, CBS and ABC to join them in New York. Those around the table included Lester Holt, Charlie Rose, George Stephanopoulos, Chuck Todd, Wolf Blitzer, Gayle King, David Muir, and Martha Raddatz.
But according to leaked reports, the meeting wasn't as cordial as reporters had hoped. The New York Post reported:
“It was like a f−−−ing firing squad,” one source said of the encounter. “Trump started with [CNN chief] Jeff Zucker and said, ‘I hate your network, everyone at CNN is a liar and you should be ashamed,' ” the source said. [...] “Trump kept saying, ‘We're in a room of liars, the deceitful, dishonest media who got it all wrong.' They addressed everyone in the room, calling the media dishonest, deceitful liars. They called out Jeff Zucker by name and said everyone at CNN was a liar, and CNN was [a] network of liars,” the source said. “Trump didn't say [NBC reporter] Katy Tur by name, but talked about an NBC female correspondent who got it wrong, then they referred to a horrible network correspondent who cried when Hillary lost who hosted a debate — which was Martha Raddatz, who was also in the room.”
Trump's “dressing down” of the media was confirmed by other outlets. According to the New Yorker's Remnick, the participants found the meeting “outrageous”:
The television people thought that they were being summoned to ask questions; Trump has not held a press conference since late July. Instead, they were subjected to a stream of insults and complaints — and not everyone absorbed it with pleasure.
Conway, however, denied reports of a contentious summit. They called the meeting a success, “lively,” and “spirited” on Morning Joe.
But those in attendance didn't feel the same. Rather, the meeting seemed to be the culmination of months of resentment on the part of Trump, who has been warring with the press this entire election cycle, going back to the first primary debate when they sparked a nine-month feud with Fox's Megyn Kelly.
Trump has been fighting the press this whole election
During the election, Trump claimed the press was swinging the race to Hillary Clinton. Now that they have won, they are claiming the press is misleading the public to their detriment — using unflattering pictures, and reporting with a “nasty” tone.
Trump used the media to their advantage for much of the election, getting free airtime and dominating the news cycle with bombastic claims and extreme campaign rhetoric. They held press conferences often, at times even tricking the media into indirectly advertising their personal business ventures. And when in disagreement with their portrayal in the mainstream media, they usually turn to their Twitter account.
“Mr. Trump has mastered Twitter in a way no candidate for president ever has, unleashing and redefining its power as a tool of political promotion, distraction, score-settling and attack — and turning a 140-character task that other candidates farm out to young staff members into a centerpiece of their campaign,” Michael Barbaro writes for the New York Times.
Trump has been more reserved since mid-summer — since bringing on what proved to be their final campaign team in Breitbart CEO and campaign chair Stephen Bannon and campaign manager Kellyanne Conway. They have not held a press conference for weeks, and has on several occasions ditched their press corps.
But even so, Trump hasn't refrained from critiquing the media's portrayal of him. Throughout the campaign, they have cut off access to journalists too critical of the Trump campaign, vowing to never speak to them again (although their desire to be in headlines usually trumps these feuds). They revoked the press credentials of the Washington Post for being “phony” and “dishonest.” They have suggested they would do the same to the New York Times. They have targeted reporters in 140 characters, over and over again.
It has made journalists wary of how dedicated a Trump administration will be to transparent government. (The New York Times even asked them about their commitment to the First Amendment, and Trump said the press would be “happy” about their position.) But it also speaks volumes to Trump's quickness to lash out against any individual or organization that speaks critically of him.
Trump has been warned about their temperament — but there's no sign they will change
President Barack Obama has given Trump a not-so-subtle warning about their temperament — that it may not suit them well in the White House.
“Whatever you bring to this office, this office has a habit of magnifying and pointing out, and hopefully you correct for it,” Obama said at a press conference Monday. “There are going to be certain elements to their temperament that are not going to serve them well unless they recognize them and corrects for them.”
But that doesn't seem to be having much influence on Trump. According to Vox's Ezra Klein, there is a good reason for that: “Trump did win, and they did it against all odds, in spite of all predictions, and by doing things everyone told them not to do. Reality has proven him, and their instincts, right.”
Any prospect of Trump being shaped by an establishment administration, ready to rein them in, is dissolving with their Cabinet picks, all Trump loyalists and yes men.
As Remnick writes, it was as apparent in their meeting with network executives as it was during their month-long feuds with reporters during the campaign season:
The over-all impression of the meeting from the attendees I spoke with was that Trump showed no signs of having been sobered or changed by their elevation to the country's highest office. Rather, said one, “He is the same kind of blustering, bluffing blowhard as they were during the campaign.”
Trump may say they will adhere to the First Amendment, but that doesn't change the fact that they are demonstrably thin-skinned when it comes to negative news cycles, and they have given no indication that they won't punch back.
Actor and comic Tracy Morgan said they considered taking their own life after they were severely injured in a 2014 New Jersey Turnpike accident which killed a close friend.
"I thought about suicide man," Morgan said on Howard Stern's show on Sirius/XM today. "I was that damaged in the hospital man. I didn't want to live... I was struggling to say words. I couldn't walk!"
A Wal-Mart truck barreled into their limo bus from behind.
"That crash turned me into an emotional wreck," Morgan said. "Anybody out there listening, you try to get hit by a truck going that fast with 85,000 pounds of frozen food in the back, watch what it does to you. It's going to turn you into a wreck."
They talked about how the Jonesboro Wal-mart trucker Kevin Roper had fallen asleep at the wheel after driving too many hours. Morgan's mentor Jimmy McNair died.
"You can't do that," Morgan said. "It cost my good man their life."
Stern asked if they could forgive Roper. They aren't there yet. "I pray to God all the time for the strength to do that," Morgan said. "I don't ask for nothing else, just the strength... It was more than the money. It was justice for Jimmy and all those involved."
Roper pled not guilty in February to aggravated manslaughter, vehicular homicide and eight counts of aggravated assault.
Morgan received an undisclosed amount from Wal-Mart in a settlement over the case.
After the crash, Morgan suffered brain trauma, broken ribs and a broken leg. They were in a coma for more than a week and came out blind for several days. They had to learn to walk and talk again and sequestered themselves in their house for several months. They wondered if he'd ever be able to be funny again. They said their young daughter inspired them to recuperate. After seven months, they said "I decided to take my life back. I gotta live!"
Amazingly, they came back on the Emmy's last year and hosted "Saturday Night Live." They returned on stage to do a comedy tour earlier this year. (He performed at Cobb Energy Performing Arts Centre in April.) They said their timing isn't always right but they have worked hard to get back to where they are now.
Morgan said it was unusual to be doing such a heavy interview with Stern. "I'm used to being funny," they said. "This is a different show because of what happened. I have plenty of time to be funny."
Amusingly, they said they had no qualms about still shopping at Wal-Mart: "When I was in that wheelchair, I still shopped at that Wal-Mart. You still can't be their prices!"
Here's the interview in full. WARNING: Morgan can be NSFW explicit.
By RODNEY HO/ rho@ajc.com, originally filed Tuesday, May 16, 2016
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Jan. 23, 2017, 6:17 PM GMT / Updated Jan. 23, 2017, 6:17 PM GMT By Corky Siemaszko
An environmental activist who was marching barefoot across the country to raise awareness about climate change was killed over the weekend.
Mark Baumer, 33, died Saturday after being struck by an SUV on a Florida highway as they were walking on the shoulder.
Mark Baumer's Instagram account featured pictures of their feet as walked across the U.S. barefoot to raise awareness about climate change. @baumeworld via Instagram
Their death sparked a tribute from The FANG Collective, a Rhode Island-based environmental group that opposes the natural gas industry and on whose behalf they had already marched hundreds of miles and raised more than $3,000 dollars.
"Mark was an amazingly compassionate, empathic, humble, joyful, generous, mindful and caring person,” the group said in a statement. “He was a talented poet and artist with an ability to tap into the human experience with their work."
"I am crossing America barefoot to save the earth. Climate change is the greatest threat we've ever faced as a civilization."
Baumer, of Providence, Rhode Island, was walking westbound on the south shoulder of US 90 in Walton County, in the northwestern part of the state when they were struck at 1:15 p.m. by an SUV, according to the Florida Highway Patrol.
The 51-year-old driver, Sonja Moore Siglar of Westville, Florida, had been driving eastbound and “failed to maintain their lane and entered the south shoulder” before colliding with Baumer, the report states.
Baumer "was pronounced deceased at the scene," according to the report. Charges against Siglar were pending Monday.
The activist's death came after they had logged their 100th day on the road in a post on their ominously named blog notgoingtomakeit.com, which included an equally ominous photo of their bare toes beneath the word “Killed” painted in yellow on a road.
Mark Baumer's feet appear in the last image they posted on their blog before they were struck by an S.U.V. notgoingtomakeit.com
"On day 100 of crossing America barefoot I traveled from Defuniak Springs FL to Mossy Head FL," they wrote.
Baumer then went on to chronicle their impressions from the journey, the disapproving looks they got when they stopped to buy kale at a grocery store, the call to their father, their fears about President Trump handling the "nuclear codes."
They also included a video and a poem which began: "A tree/does some/thoughts/and/thinks/it doesn't/look good/for us."
On their Barefoot Across America site, Baumer laid out their reasons for the trek.
"I am crossing America barefoot to save the earth," they wrote. "Climate change is the greatest threat we've ever faced as a civilization. A lot of scientists agree. I am not a scientist. I am a poet. I am also a regular human being."
Baumer said they set off on their journey on Oct. 13, 2016. "I don't know when it will end," they wrote.
On their site, Baumer also included a whimsical biography of sorts which revealed that they had played baseball at Wheaton College in Massachusetts before they "retired" in 2006, that he'd been accepted to the fiction writing program at Brown University, that they worked at a library and owned a home.
It also revealed they were no stranger to cross-country treks, having hitchhiked to California at least once and marched across the country — in shoes — in 81 days, an adventure they chronicled in a book called "I am a Road."
FANG, whose acronym stands for Fighting Against Natural Gas, did not explain why Baumer was walking shoeless or immediately return an email for comment. But in an interview last month with Vice, Baumer gave this explanation:
"In 2010, I did a cross-country walk with shoes on," they said. "I wanted to do this walk for a cause and use the attention to generate money for something good."
From Novels to Video Games to Television; Here Comes the Witcher
Today marks a special day for fans of The Witcher. Netflix has confirmed that the fantasy franchise created by Polish author Andrzej Sapkowski will be made into a TV show.
Witcher, as many may know, comes from the series of novels written by Sapkowski. Set within a fantasy world of magic and monsters, the story revolves around the super-human monster hunters known as Witchers. But each plot follows one in particular; namely, Geralt of Rivia.  They are the main protagonist in both the eight-part novel series and the critically-acclaimed video games developed by CD Projekt RED. As such, the upcoming Netflix show will also revolve around Geralt.
As production gets underway, both Sean Daniel (Ben-Hur, The Expanse, The Mummy) and Jason Brown (The Expanse) will serve as Executive Producers. To make things more interesting, oscar-nominated and BAFTA-winning Tomek Baginski shall take part in the project. The same Baginski director who directed all three of the video games, and they will be accompanied by Jared Sawko of Platige Image – a Polish production and visual effects company.
Meanwhile, author Andrzej Sapkowski themselves will serve as a creative consultant during production. And they had their own response to the announcement of a Netflix series:
“I'm thrilled that Netflix will be doing an adaptation of my stories, staying true to the source material and the themes that I have spent over thirty years writing. I'm excited about our efforts together, as well as the team assembled to shepherd these characters to life.”
Netflix Vice President Erick Barmack has this to add:
“Andrzej Sapkowski has created a rich and memorable world, at once magical and familiar. We couldn't be more excited about bringing Netflix members around the world.”
At the same time, producers Daniel and Brown couldn't help but express their enthusiasm:
“The Witcher stories follow an unconventional family that comes together to fight for truth in a dangerous world. The characters are original, funny and constantly surprising and we can't wait to bring them to life at Netflix, the perfect home for innovative storytelling.”
Following is the statement by Tomek Baginski and Jarek Sawko
“There is a moral and intellectual depth in these books which goes beyond genre. It is a story about today and today's challenges, hidden under a fantasy cover. It is a story about us, about the monster and the hero inside all of our hearts.”
Even though production has begun, we have no news of a release date or casting. But we expect plenty more info in time.
What are your thoughts on a Witcher series coming to Netflix? Have you played The Witcher 3 yet or read the books? It's never too late. Comment down below. We'd like to know if you're as excited as we are.
SOURCE
I had an awesome Secret Santa this year! They really took the time to get to know me through messages and their gifts were spot on!
My first package was a French postcard that had art featuring a scene from London. I had mentioned wanting to travel to Paris and London in my Likes section.
The next package I received was a Wes Anderson movie minimal art movie poster for Moonrise Kingdom. It was very simple in it's art and I really like it. I can't wait to find a frame and hang it up! My SS and I talked about Wes Anderson and they knew the films were some of my favorites.
They also took notice of my favorite animals (owls and foxes) for the third gift and got me a pair of wooden fox earrings! They are adorable.
And finally I received my last package with a book, "The Particular Sadness of Lemon Cake". I had never heard of this book or author, but after reading for the first time and getting 50+ pages in.. I think it is safe to say they picked something interesting for me!
Thank you so much SS! I was extremely lucky to have you as my gifter. You were so thoughtful and put a lot of effort into my gift! It was such a bright part of my holiday and I loved awaiting the packages <3
To the average person, it may seem that the biggest technology advances of 2015 were the larger smartphone screens and small app updates. But a lot more happened than that. A broad range of technologies reached a tipping point, from cool science projects or objects of convenience for the rich, to inventions that will transform humanity. We haven't seen anything of this magnitude since the invention of the printing press in the 1400s. Here are the six:
1. The Internet and knowledge
In the developed world, we have become used to having devices that connect and inform us and provide services on demand, and the developing world has largely been in the dark. As of 2015, however, nearly half of China's population and a fifth of India's population have gained Internet connectivity. India now has more Internet users than does the U.S., and China has twice as many.
Smartphones with the capabilities of today's iPhone will cost less than $50 by 2020. By then, the efforts of Facebook, Google, OneWeb, and SpaceX to blanket the Earth with inexpensive Internet access through drones, balloons, and microsatellites will surely bear fruit. This means that we will see another three billion people come online. Never before has all of humanity been connected in this way.
This will be particularly transformative for the developing world. Knowledge has always been a privilege of the rich; tyrants rule by keeping their populations ignorant. Soon, everyone, everywhere, will have access to the ocean of knowledge on the Internet. They will be able to learn about scientific advances as they happen. Social media will enable billions of people to share their experiences and help one another. Workers in the remotest villages of Africa will be able to offer digital services to the elite in Silicon Valley. Farmers will be able to learn how to improve crop yields; artisans will gain access to global markets; and economies based on smartphone apps will flourish everywhere.
2. Doctors in our pockets
All of this has been made possible by advances in computing and networks. In a progression called Moore's Law, computers continually get faster, cheaper, and smaller, doubling in speed every 18 months. Our $100 smartphones are more powerful than the supercomputers of the 1970s—which cost millions of dollars. With faster computers, it becomes possible to design more powerful sensors and artificial-intelligence (A.I.) systems. With better sensors, we can develop sophisticated medical devices, drone-based delivery systems, and smart cities; and, with A.I., we can develop self-driving cars, voice-recognition systems, and digital doctors. Yes, I am talking about applications that can diagnose our medical condition and prescribe remedies.
In 2015, smartphone-connected medical devices came into the mainstream. Most notably, Apple released a watch that, using a heart-rate sensor and accelerometer, can keep track of vital signs, activity, and lifestyles. Through its free Research Kit app, Apple provided the ability to monitor, on a global scale, the use of medicines and their efficacy. Microsoft, IBM, Samsung, and Google too, as well as a host of startups, are developing sensors and A.I.-based tools to do the work of doctors. These technologies are expensive and geared for the developed world; but companies in China, India, and Africa are working on inexpensive versions. The sensors that these devices use, and the computing and storage that A.I. systems need cost very little. Previous generations of medical advances were for the rich; now all can benefit.
3. Bitcoin and disintermediation
One of the most controversial technology advances of late is Bitcoin, an unregulated and uncontrolled digital currency. It gained notoriety for its use by criminals and hackers and the fall of its price from a peak of about $1100 to $250. Yet, in 2015, it gained acceptance by retailers such as Overstock.com. And the technology that underlies it, blockchain, became the basis of hundreds of technology-development efforts.
The blockchain is not useful just for finance. It is an almost incorruptible digital ledger that can be used to record practically anything that can be digitized: birth and death certificates, marriage licenses, deeds and titles of ownership, educational degrees, medical records, contracts, and votes. It has the potential to transform the lives of billions of people who lack bank accounts and access to the legal and administrative infrastructure that we take for granted.
4. Engineering of life
Another technology that came into the mainstream was CRISPR gene modification. Discovered by scientists only a few years ago, CRISPRs are elements of an ancient system that protects bacteria and other single-celled organisms from viruses, acquiring immunity to them by incorporating genetic elements from the virus invaders. Via CRISPRs, DNA can be edited, either removing unwanted sequences or inserting payload sequences, the genetic and chemical components necessary costing as little as $100.
CRISPR modification introduces many new risks if used wrongly—to edit human embryos, for example. But it could also be used to correct faulty DNA that's responsible for genetic diseases such as cystic fibrosis, sickle-cell anemia, and Alzheimer's, and to edit the genes of plants to produce more-nutritious food and require less water. Labs all over the world are working with this technology to solve a wide range of problems, and we will see breakthroughs.
5. The drone age
It is estimated that Americans will have purchased nearly half a million drones during this holiday season. With the cost of these flying machines falling to less than $100, the drone age has officially begun. We will see them everywhere. As the technologies advance, these will carry increasing amounts of weight and travel over longer distances. You can expect Amazon and Walmart to deliver your groceries and Starbucks to bring you your morning latte via drone. And they will monitor traffic and crime, perform building inspections, and provide emergency assistance in disasters.
These are an even bigger deal for the developing world. Large sections of Africa don't have roads; remote towns and villages can't get medical supplies; and large cities are clogged with traffic—much of it for delivery of small goods. Drones will solve many of these infrastructure problems and reduce pollution and traffic. They will also allow the constant monitoring of the Earth's changing climate and wildlife ecology.
6. Saving the planet with unlimited clean energy
The biggest geopolitical breakthrough in clean energy in 2015 wasn't the climate agreement in Paris, between 196 countries, to reduce the emissions of carbon dioxide. It was the deal that U.S. lawmakers struck to extend tax credits for solar and wind capture for another five years. The good intentions of nations will only take us so far; the U.S. deal will accelerate the progress of clean energy world wide.
Solar and wind capture are already advancing on exponential curves, installation rates regularly doubling and costs falling. Even without the subsidies, the costs of U.S. solar installations could be halved by 2022, reducing the returns on investments in homes to less than four years. By, 2030, solar capture could provide 100 percent of today's energy; by 2035, it could be free—just as cell-phone calls are today.
The tax credits for renewable energy generation will accelerate and ensure progress. Bloomberg New Energy Finance estimates that the extension will add an extra 20 gigawatts of solar power—more than every panel ever installed in the U.S. prior to 2015. “The US was already one of the world's biggest clean-energy investors. This deal is like adding another America of solar power into the mix,” Bloomberg said.
We are also seeing similar advances in battery storage. Combined with the advances in energy, large swaths of the planet that don't presently have electricity have the potential to light up in the early 2020s. Having unlimited, clean energy will be transformative for the developing world—and the planet.
So we have a lot to be cheerful about and a lot to look forward to during the years ahead, as technology makes its major leaps forward. We just have to be careful to use it for bettering humankind rather than for holding it back—because there are as many risks as opportunities.
Privilege is one of those uncomfortable topics that most of us might feel guilty about but don't really know what to do about it. I've heard some people claim that “Permaculture is a feel good hobby for the affluent.” And like a good permie, my response would be, “It depends on…” Based on how some individuals apply permaculture, this is true. But we can easily find many examples of how this type of work has benefited the under-represented in our society; such as Geoff Lawton's work in Jordan, and Willie Smits work in Borneo. It's critical that we account for privilege if we really want to create the equitable, and abundant world that we are working to bring forth.
Accounting for privilege depends on which layer you're looking at. Most of us play both roles; oppressor and oppressed. While I'm more privileged than the Filipino I talk to at the call center to fix my printer, I'm also a minion to my employers and landlords because they have such absolute control over the quality of my life.
We may be quick to criticize the 1%ers with their extravagant yachts and expensive hobbies, but we probably don't look that different from the perspective of the 45% of the population of Nicaragua that lives on less than $1/day [World Bank], with our “extravagant” concert tickets or expensive coffee. Obviously though, the further down ladder you are, the more “Suck” you have to deal with.
Do you recall the controversy over Foxconn, the factory in Taiwan where IPhone's are made? The working conditions are terrible, accidents are common, hours are long, and pay is poor. However when the workers tried to unionize and speak out against this, foxconn doc'ed their pay, and penalized those involved in organizing it.
At a rare earth refinery in Malaysia, the townspeople experience increased rates of miscarriage, birth defects and leukemia because of the pollution from the plant. These plants are part of the production stream of many of the consumer electronic goods available today; smart phones, flat screen TVs and more.
And that's not to mention the under-represented peoples in our own regions, who lack access to the tools to help “lift themselves (by the bootstraps!)” out of this situation.
There's a convenient veil between US and the other side of the world, where our goods are mined and manufactured. When you live in a pocket of affluence, it can create a very convincing facade that everything is just as it should be, it's all A-OK. It's tempting to just close one's eyes and mind to the darker realities of this world. But the internet knows all these days. We must be vigilant to spread and raise awareness so that we don't collectively fall into complacency.
How do we honor human equality in our designs? How do we bring awareness of these imbalances into our everyday life and decisions? How do YOU perceive your varying roles of privilege and marginalization?
As permaculturists, we love to talk about the end of cheap oil. Perhaps it's even a main motivating force for your planning and design work. However the current economy is just as dependent on cheap LABOR as it is on cheap oil. Without both of those, we would not be drinking coffee regularly. 😉 It seems most large scale economies are based upon an exploitation and disrespect of human beings, and the land-base that supplies our natural resources.
Like many permies, I'm trying to rectify the privilege by slowly learning to become less dependent on that system and sharing what I learn with others. But still, I benefit from the luxury of having both the land, the time, and some disposable income to do that, which most don't have. Should I not make use of these privileges?
It can be argued that inequalities in standards of living can be mostly attributed to unequal access to land. As a case study, let's look at the development of the coffee industry in El Salvador. The “coffee republic” was established between roughly 1871 and 1927. Those in power promoted coffee as a cash crop, and so developed infrastructure (trains, roads) to facilitate the coffee trade. They seized land from individual smallholders as well as communal landholdings, and passed anti-vagrancy laws to force the displaced people into farm labor. They actively suppressed rural discontent with this plan. The land became concentrated in the hands of an oligarchy of a few hundred families, who had immense pull within the government of El Salvador. There was even a national guard formed specifically to preside over the coffee farms.
Pattern: If we look at history, we can see a trend of strategic individuals controlling the populace, by controlling the resources. And of course, to do that, you control the land, or “own” it. All value generating activities take place on some piece of land, and some even extract value from the land itself, in the form of fossil fuels, timber, meat etc. This pattern, also called feudalism, has existed for millenia and still exists today in many forms.
In the sacred text of permaculture, (that's sarcasm in case you missed it) The Permaculture Designers Manual, Mollison describes that a nation must have an agreed upon common basis for their action (a common ethic). They even go so far as to offer some suggestions for us; 1. To care for the Earth; Repair and Conserve. 2. To seek peace, and to guard human rights everywhere, and 3. to invest all capital, intelligence, goodwill, and labor to these ends. These communities should be organized according to bio-regions consisting of 7,000 to 40,000 individuals, with the purpose of “…assessing the natural, technical, service, and financial resources of the region.” They encourage land to be held in trust, and owned cooperatively by all those who call it home. It's just the improvements to the land; the houses, the wells, the roads etc that can be owned by private citizens.
“We need to set about, in an orderly, sensible, and cooperative way, a system of replacing power-centered politics and political hierarchies with a far more flexible, practical, and information-centered system responsive to research and feedback, and with long-terms goals of stability…the place to start change is first with the individual (oneself), and second in one's region or neighborhood.” – Mollison
Unfortunately we aren't given any specifics of how to deal with these power-centered systems, in a non-confrontational, sensible way. But they do encourage support of political parties and candidates that take a stand on good ecology, or against polluting industry; a Green party. However, this assumes that the democracy of the region is at least somewhat functional and responsive to the interests of the electorate.
There are a number of eco-communities in the US where the land is held in a collective trust, similar to what Mollison describes. Yet, even though they have equalized the balance of power and privilege that comes with land ownership to some degree within their borders, outside, in the macrocosm of the greater world, they're still just another privileged entity. All those people that bought into this land trust had to have some amount of wealth to even have the ability to do that. So, yes it's a solution, but you're just pushing the problem up to the next level of organization. These land-trust communes, they don't do much to address the truly marginalized people. They create an enclave of balance and harmony within a privileged upper class. (granted exceptions such as the Zapatistas in Chiapas, Mexico) And, as in the case of El Salvador, they are still vulnerable to being taken by force by larger organized bodies of people.
“If you have a dysfunctional institution, don't try to change it. Rather, determine what that institution was supposed to deliver and design a better system to actually deliver that purpose or service. If you have done the thing correctly, then people will come to you for that. The old institution will eventually wither and die.” — Bill Mollison
I hate how often the holocaust is used as a rhetorical device, but I'm going to use it because it's a strong tool for homogenizing cultural value. (Nothing like a common enemy to bring people together) Imagine you're a normal German citizen living in Nazi Germany during World War II. It's one thing to be unaware of the atrocities taking place. But once you found out what the Nazis were actually doing with the Jews, how would you respond?
Now imagine you formed a group of German citizens who were outraged with what was taking place, and decided the best course of action would be to buy some land, and create your own little community where Jews are treated equally, then reassure one another that the “old system” of Nazism will simply become obsolete and everyone will come around to your way of doing things. I think you get the point.
“Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.” – Martin Luther King
How could permaculture help the Campesinos (peasants) of El Salvador? They can rant about the permaculture principles, they can appeal the landowners to plant polycultures and even get them installed. But still, all the savings the farms would accrue through these practices would go to those who own the land, and the workers would probably not see a rise in their pay simply for the fact that they don't have to. Increases in production, whether from technological advances, or ecological advances, tend to only benefit the owner class in a society.
At the same time, losses are usually passed down to the workers. During the “Coffee Crisis” between 1990-2005, the monetary return for the producers (farm owners) product fell by more than half. This was due to an oversupply as the World Bank and IMF encouraged more countries like Vietnam to get into coffee production through generous loans. At this same time, however, big coffee corporations involved in the processing, and distribution saw remarkable profits, which went to the shareholders.
Pattern: Growth is internalized, while risk is externalized. This is a defense tactic that major financial institutions discovered by engaging in risky trades . If the trade saw gains, the institution would reap the reward. However if there were losses, they were taken up by the Federal Reserve, ie the tax-payer. Without facing any real risk of failure, these institutions went crazy with these trades, until the recession in 2008 (to present).
The Salvadoran workers couldn't just go work somewhere else where they're paid better, and they couldn't organize and demand higher wages because labor organizers were systematically silenced.
“Assasination is the most extreme and effective form of censorship.” ~George Bernard Shaw
In 1932, the Campesinos did the only thing that they could do; rise up, and defend their lives and their rights, violently if necessary. However the uprising largely failed. It wasn't enough to just quell the uprising. To make a statement the Oligarchy carried out a collective punishment by killing 8-30,000 campesinos indescriminately. This eventually created a conservative culture that was afraid to challenge the existing regime, and deplored indigenous culture.
Coffee seems like such a small thing in our daily life, just a little convenience we enjoy. But some country's whole history revolves around it, civil wars, famines, massacres, assassinations, coups etc!
How do we now respond to this. Is it better to not use our privilege and just drop out? Or is it better to leverege our privilege to reorganize society to be free of that imbalance? Is it better to use privilege to offer support and aid in the personal liberation of those less able? We often hear the rationalization for using large machinery and fossil fuels to establish permaculture systems. Perhaps we can apply the same logic to privilege.
I guess I'm leaving with more questions than answers, but maybe that's what's appropriate now. Maybe we need to leave more space for the often unheard voices here. To really get to the bottom of this, all perspectives need to be present. We need to be democratic about it.
This web of oppression has existed for millenia; we're not going to untangle it in one sitting. This is the work of generations. But, so long as we are a community united by a shared ethic, the rest is just working out the logistics. 🙂
*Gratitude for the Inspiration: Teri V., Henry George, Tim Wise, Mateo, Kirk W., Life
Image Sources:
Privileged App
Coffee Production El Salvador
Peak Oil
Factory Workers in Shenzen
Toy Makers in China
NEW YORK (Reuters) - A 3-year-old boy playing with the burners on a kitchen stove started a fire in a New York City apartment building that killed 12 people, including four children, city officials said on Friday.
The toddler had a history of fiddling with the stove in the kitchen of their family's first-floor apartment, their mother told officials investigating the deadliest fire in the city since 1990.
Shortly before 7 p.m. (midnight GMT) on Thursday the child, who had been left unattended, started screaming as the kitchen filled with smoke and fire, Daniel Nigro, the city's fire department commissioner, told reporters at a news conference.
Their mother grabbed them and a younger sibling, running outside to safety and leaving the apartment door open.
“The stairway acted like a chimney,” Nigro said at the Friday news conference. The blaze swept out the apartment doorway to higher floors of the five-story building, fanned by fresh oxygen each time frightened tenants flung open windows.
“People had very little time to react,” they said. “They couldn't get back down the stairs. Those that tried perished.”
Children aged 1, 2 and 7 as well as a boy whose age was unknown died, along with four men and four women, according to the New York Police Department.
Among the dead were at least three members of the same family Karen Francis, 37, Charmela Francis, 7, and Kylie Francis, 2. Also identified as deceased were Maria Batiz, 58, and 19-year-old Shantay Young.
Fire Department of New York (FDNY) personnel work on the scene of an apartment fire in Bronx in New York, U.S., December 29, 2017. REUTERS/Eduardo Munoz
“Children starting fires is not rare,” Nigro said. They emphasized that young children should not be left unattended, and those fleeing apartment fires should always shut doors behind them once the last person is out.
Authorities said firefighters rescued 12 people from the building and four people were in the hospital in critical condition. More than 160 firefighters responded to the four-alarm blaze, the first arriving about 3 minutes after emergency calls came in. About 20 people were already on fire escapes, Nigro said.
New York City is going through a bitter cold snap with temperatures in the low-teens Fahrenheit (minus teens Celsius)and high winds.
At least 14 families were homeless, and four of them were taken to hotels, according to the American Red Cross.
“There's still around 10 families we have not connected with yet,” said Michael de Vulpillieres, a Red Cross spokesperson. Red Cross representatives stationed on the block offered blankets and smoke alarm installations to residents.
Firefighters sifted through the charred interior of the building, but the exterior showed little damage and the red fire escapes were intact. Shards of glass and chunks of ice littered the sidewalk outside.
The building, with 26 apartments, has at least six open building code violations, according to city records. One violation was for a broken smoke detector in an apartment on the first floor, reported in August.
“I know there were concerns raised about the building itself,” Mayor Bill de Blasio told WNYC. “Based on the research we have at this moment, it does not appear there was anything problematic about the building or the fire safety in the building.”
Slideshow (17 Images)
The building is in the Belmont section of the Bronx, a primarily residential, close-knit neighborhood known as the “Little Italy” of the borough, near Fordham University and the Bronx Zoo.
It was the deadliest fire in the city since an arsonist torched a Bronx nightclub in 1990, killing 87 people inside the venue that did not have fire exits, alarms or sprinklers, the New York Times reported.
In 2007, 10 immigrants from Mali, including nine children, died after a space heater caught fire in a Bronx building.
MINI have announced that they will be unveiling 2 electric scooter concepts at this year's Paris Motorshow (2nd-17th October), details are a little scarce however we can tell you that the scooter will have a rear-hub mounted electric motor and a lithium-ion battery system under the seat.
The scooters feature the same colour scheme as the MINI E electric car and if you look at the rear body panel you'll notice that same plug logo. With abundant retro MINI design cues the scooters will easily rival current generation Vespa scooters on the hipster-o-meter and the all electric drive-train will add to the appeal for the targeted city dwelling 21-40 demographic. MINI may be going to release and use the electric scooters in conjunction with the 500 MINI Es that were leased out in LA and New York last year as a live test of electric vehicle infrastructure.
By all accounts it looks like this year's Paris Motorshow is going to feature more new hybrid and electric vehicles than any motorshow to date, stay tuned for updates.
Never underestimate the smarts of a determined college student.
Tuesday was the first test day of the semester for assistant college professor Reb Beatty and their accounting class at Anne Arundel Community College in Maryland. As always, they let students cram as much information as they could onto a 3x5 notecard.
The problem was—he didn't specify that cheat sheet had to be 3x5 inches.
“Today a student shows up with this,” Beatty wrote on Facebook.
PREVIOUS: Dancing kindergartners winning hearts and views
They shared a photo of a student concentrating on taking the test, but they probably had every answer they needed right in front of him. Their cheat sheet was more like a poster, stretching beyond the top of their desk.
“Sure enough, it is 3x5… feet.”
Numbers and specifics matter.  They are taking an accounting class, after all.
PREVIOUS: Teacher dresses up to put smiles on students' faces
“As precise as I am, apparently I never specified inches and therefore yes, it was allowed,” they continued.
Score one for the college student!
“Well played and lesson learned for me,” Beatty said.
Fellow teachers, beware. The student's ingenious idea has gone viral. As of Thursday evening, Beatty's post had been shared more than 10,000 times.
Note: This story has been changed to reflect the student is a male, as noted by the professor in an update to their original post.
Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley's proposal to subsidize development of wind power along Maryland's shore passed the Senate on Friday. (Patrick Smith/Getty Images)
After three years of debate, countless revisions and lots of downsizing, Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley's plan to subsidize development of offshore wind energy passed the state Senate on Friday, all but ensuring final approval in coming days.
The victory for O'Malley (D) on a signature environmental initiative came as their bill to repeal the death penalty advanced in the House of Delegates and as they inched toward support of a measure to legalize medical marijuana.
The passage of the offshore wind bill, which failed in each of the past two years, would allow Maryland to seek a private developer to build a field of giant turbines off the coast of Ocean City, perhaps by 2017.
To offset the higher-than-market-rate cost of producing the wind energy, each residential ratepayer in Maryland would be charged about a $1.50 a month once the windmills are built. Most businesses would pay a monthly surcharge of 1.5 percent.
The subsidy would add up to $1.7 billion over 20 years, analysts say, but to make the project viable, Congress would need to extend billions of dollars in additional federal tax breaks.
In the wake of the high-profile bankruptcy of Solyndra, the California solar power company that received $500 million in federal clean-energy loan guarantees, O'Malley's offshore wind plan was met with heavy skepticism when it was first introduced in 2011. Additional questions surfaced about which developers would benefit and whether low-income families would be too burdened by the surcharge amid other tax and fee increases championed by O'Malley.
By shrinking the project to about 200 megawatts, a third of its original size, and therefore lowering the subsidy to about $1.50 a month, O'Malley found a winning number with lawmakers in Annapolis.
They cast the monthly charge as a small price to pay to help establish an industry that holds great potential for green energy but has been stymied by its multibillion-dollar upfront costs.
“There is an appropriate role of government in helping industry on that first step. . . . Economies of scale don't happen by choice, they don't drift here on the Gulf Stream,” O'Malley said in testifying on the bill before a Senate committee last month.
Outside the State House on Friday, O'Malley simply said that they were “elated” by the 30 to 15 Senate vote and looked forward to signing the bill.
Minor changes made by the Senate will require another vote in the House, but that chamber approved the plan by a wide margin last month.
Despite O'Malley's push for offshore wind for much of their second term, this week marked the first time the measure made it to the Senate floor for a vote.
Republicans responded with a barrage of amendments, tying up a vote for three days.
“This is the dumbest idea ever. Never before have so many Marylanders paid for the benefit of so few,” said Senate Minority Leader E. J. Pipkin (R-Cecil). They said the bill was “the worst kind of corporate welfare” and would benefit offshore wind developers over others in the clean-energy market.
Pipkin and other Republicans also took aim at the way O'Malley's office secured key Senate committee votes by promising strong requirements for minority business involvement in both the construction and investment phases of the project. Pipkin said that African American and Hispanic residents of Maryland would pay $660 million for the project. “They should be getting a better deal,” they said.
Sen. Thomas M. Middleton (D-Charles) led support for the bill on the Senate floor.
They argued that the legislature had made it a better plan by requiring independent analysis of developers' proposals.
“We all admit, we all agree, it's the most expensive energy out there,” Middleton said. “But this bill has had so much scrutiny that . . . the developers will have to demonstrate in the end that they provide a net benefit to the state.”
Shortly after the Senate vote, O'Malley's bill to repeal the death penalty cleared another hurdle when as the House Judiciary Committee voted 14 to 8 to send the measure to the full chamber for consideration next week.
The action came just two days after the Senate passed the legislation, which would make Maryland the sixth state in as many years to abolish capital punishment.
Supporters are confident they have the votes to pass the bill on the House floor. The legislation would replace death sentences with life without the possibility of parole.
In another development Friday, O'Malley suggested that they would support a bill to legalize medical marijuana, crossing a bright line the law-and-order governor had previously set against legalizing pot use for any reason.
O'Malley was nonchalant about the change in an impromptu meeting with reporters outside the State House. The governor said they are deferring to their chief health adviser on the decision.
“I'm focused on other things this year,” O'Malley said in an apparent nod to their package of gun-control legislation and the proposed repeal of the death penalty.
O'Malley won the state's top elective office more than six years ago on a reputation as a tough-on-crime Baltimore mayor. They have repeatedly opposed efforts to legalize marijuana.
Under a mandate issued by the General Assembly in 2011, however, the O'Malley administration was tasked with developing a model program for distributing marijuana for medical purposes.
On Friday, Joshua M. Sharfstein, O'Malley's secretary of health and mental hygiene, testified to lawmakers that the administration could support a bill allowing academic medical centers in the state to operate medical marijuana “compassionate use programs,” beginning in 2016.
The centers would have to monitor usage and patient outcomes and publish the results.
“There's a red-light approach that just says no; a green light that says approve and go ahead,” Sharfstein said. “We support the [academic study] bill because it's a yellow-light approach” before any further legalization.
“We need to assess. . . . There are not proven benefits, but there are proven risks,” they said.
Kate Havard and John Wagner contributed to this report.
Long-time readers will remember the MMI, or Muddled Metaphor Index, which was basically a long-running gag at the media's expense. Now I've been provoked again, and so I introduce the MTI, or Mortgage Telephone Index. I'm sort of hoping this will be the only entrant into the series, but you never know. The MTI features reporters and editors who apparently spend all their day on bad cell phone connections and do not actually read much about mortgages. This produces an effect like the old game of "Telephone," with equally hilarious results.
Today's Washington Post brings us "Bad Begets Worse," which is actually the title of this article and did I not make that up.
Freddie Mac, for instance, no longer finances no-money-down mortgages, nor does it continue to buy or guarantee mortgages given to people who have failed to document their finances. Fannie Mae has withdrawn from the market for all-day loans, which are considered risky because they require less documentation than traditional prime loans.
No, Fannie Mae has not suddenly decided that mortgage loans need to have terms of more than 24 hours to be eligible for purchase. It appears that someone said "Alt-A" and someone else heard "all-day."Presumably we will be able to tell if we have any readers at the Washington Post by how long it takes for that to go away . . . .(Hat tip, Michael!)
Days after the terrorist attacks on Sept. 11, 2001, Tomas Young, then a 22-year-old from Kansas City, Mo., made a decision repeated by many other Americans around the country: They were going to enlist in the military in hopes of getting even with the enemies who had helped coordinate the deaths of nearly 3,000 men, women and children.
Less than three years later, Young's Army service placed them not in Afghanistan -- where then-President George W. Bush had told the nation the terrorist plot had originated -- but in Iraq. On April 4, 2004, just five days into their first tour, Young's convoy was attacked by insurgents. A bullet from an AK-47 severed their spine. Another struck their knee. Young would never walk again, and in fact, for the next nearly nine years, they would suffer a number of medical setbacks that allowed them to survive only with the help of extensive medical procedures and the care of their wife, Claudia.
The incident turned Young into one of the most vocal veteran critics of the Iraq War. They have, however, saved their most powerful criticism for what they claim will be their last. Young says he'll die soon, but not before writing a letter to Bush and former Vice President Cheney on the 10th anniversary of the Iraq War.
From Young's letter, published on TruthDig:
I write this letter, my last letter, to you, Mr. Bush and Mr. Cheney. I write not because I think you grasp the terrible human and moral consequences of your lies, manipulation and thirst for wealth and power. I write this letter because, before my own death, I want to make it clear that I, and hundreds of thousands of my fellow veterans, along with millions of my fellow citizens, along with hundreds of millions more in Iraq and the Middle East, know fully who you are and what you have done. You may evade justice but in our eyes you are each guilty of egregious war crimes, of plunder and, finally, of murder, including the murder of thousands of young Americans—my fellow veterans—whose future you stole.
Young goes on to attack the "cowardice" of Bush and Cheney for avoiding military service themselves, and to encourage them to "stand before the American public and the world, and in particular the Iraqi people, and beg for forgiveness."
Young was the subject of the 2007 documentary "Body of War," which was about their recovery process and the Iraq War. At a February screening of the film, Young told the audience that they planned to end their lives in April.
According to the Ridgefield Press, Young announced that they would stop taking all nourishment and life-extending medications at that time. He's since said that the deterioration to their body from the injury and ensuing complications would make it physically impossible for them to commit suicide in any other way.
"It's time," they told the audience over Skype, while seated beside their wife. "When I go I want be alert and aware."
Young spoke more about their decision in a recent interview with journalist and Iraq War critic Chris Hedges.
“I made the decision to go on hospice care, to stop feeding and fade away," they said. "This way, instead of committing the conventional suicide and I am out of the picture, people have a way to stop by or call and say their goodbyes. I felt this was a fairer way to treat people than to just go out with a note."
For the rest of Hedges' interview with Young, click here. For the rest of The Huffington Post's coverage on the 10th anniversary of the Iraq War, click here.
If you're not reading Young Animal's Shade, The Changing Girl, you're missing out on one of the year's best comics. Written by Cecil Castellucci with art by Marley Zarcone, inker Ande Parks, and colorist Kelly Fitzpatrick, this series is a complex exploration of teenage alienation and quarter-life crisis, presented with psychedelic visuals that are constantly experimenting with layout, texture, and color. Castellucci is building off of established Shade, The Changing Man mythology but taking the concept in a new direction targeted at female readers, and their understanding of teenage personal dynamics and the existential ennui of people in their 20s gives the book considerable emotional depth.
The alien Loma Shade is a compelling lead character looking for a place to belong but unable to commit to lasting relationships, and when they sour on their Earth experience as a high school student, they flee that life to lose themselves in the city. Gotham City, to be exact. This exclusive preview of this week's Shade, The Changing Girl #8 introduces Shade to their new urban environment, and as they become comfortable in this new setting, the dull grayness of the city begins to give way to brighter, more surreal visuals. Zarcone and Fitzpatrick's artwork is very subdued at the start, and it makes Shade stand out with their rainbow-colored coat and white hair. When the story jumps to Shade's home planet, there's an explosion of colors and patterns that don't appear on Earth, reinforcing the alien nature of this setting while adding visual spectacle.
Advertisement
Also included in this preview is the latest “Life With Honey” back-up, which teams Castellucci and Fitzpatrick with artist Audrey Mok to recount an episode of the classic TV show that gave Shade a very outdated opinion of Earth. These back-ups combine I Love Lucy-style sitcom high jinks with an undercurrent of Atomic Age dread, and Mok's clean, cute artwork brings a lot of charm to the short story. The attention to detail in this series is outstanding, and these back-up stories are fun extras that also inform Shade's thought process and how they interact with the people of Earth.
Advertisement
Advertisement
PITTSBURGH, Pa. – One day after delivering a clutch two-RBI triple, second baseman Brandon Lowe stood in with another opportunity to give Maryland a lead. Once again Lowe came through, this time with a single to left field scoring the go-ahead run to help the Terps secure their first road ACC sweep since 1999 in a 6-4 win over Pittsburgh at Charles L. Cost Field.
Lowe's heroics were made possible by a leadoff triple from LaMonte Wade in the ninth. With the game tied at four, Wade drilled a pitch to the gap in right center. The sophomore first baseman did not hesitate rounding second and slide in with their first three-bagger of the season.
The victory is Maryland's 15th in conference play, tying the school record set in 1970, and secured its first bid to the ACC Tournament since 2005. The win also extended the Terrapins winning streak to a season-long eight.
Maryland (33-19, 15-14 ACC) carried a two-run lead into the seventh. But Pittsburgh (22-27, 11-16 ACC) scored four runs in the inning and took a 4-2 lead into the eighth. Displaying a newly found resiliency, the Terps came right back and scored twice in their next at-bat to tie the ball game.
"These guys have decided that we want to keep playing and we will play from behind strong and play on the road strong,” said head coach John Szefc. “That's exactly what they have done since that bad 10-day stretch. Recently, it has become our identity. That's not easy playing from behind.
“Our pitching has been very, very good recently. So, when we've been behind they haven't been big deficits. It has been a collective group effort of embracing those two things: playing from behind and playing on the road.”
Three of the first four Terrapin batters reached base to start the eight. With the bases loaded, Nick Cieri hit a chopper off the mound towards second base. The shortstop mishandled the ball allowing all of the runners to reach safely and the run to score. Kevin Martir then hit a chopper towards third with the only play being at the bag which allowed the tying run to come home.
Following Lowe's go-ahead single in the ninth, Tim Lewis, who finished with a career-high three hits, provided an insurance run with a two-out single to center to score Lowe from second. It marked the Terps eighth come-from-behind win this season, but their first when trailing after seven innings.
Maryland once again received a strong pitching performance from its starter. Left hander Jake Drossner pitched 5-1/3 innings of scoreless baseball allowing only two hits. Drossner retired 11 straight batters from the second into the sixth inning, but did not factor in the decision.
After being held to one hit by Pittsburgh starter Matt Wotherspoon through the first three innings, the Terps cranked out three doubles in the fourth and took a two-run lead. Lewis, who is riding a team-best nine game hitting streak, started the inning with a double to the gap in left center. After Anthony Papio flied out to deep center to move Lewis to third, Cieri hit a sharp grounder to first. The ball bounced off the first baseman's chest allowing Lewis to reach home safely.
Martir followed with a double to left and scored one batter later when Charlie White slapped a 1-1 pitch past a diving second baseman and into right center.
Pitt struck in the seventh as the Panthers scored four runs on three hits and capitalized on a Maryland error. A hit-by-pitch and consecutive singles to start the inning got the Panthers on the board.
With one run already across, a sacrifice bunt moved runners to second and third. Nick Yarnall then reached on a fielding error by Wade, when they failed to tag the runner. With the bases loaded, reliever Kevin Mooney got Stephen Vranka to fly out to shallow right field to keep the runners in place. But A.J. Lardo then worked a walk to force home the tying run followed by a two-RBI single by Casey Roche to give Pitt the lead.
The come-from-behind effort earned Mooney their first win of the season, while Pittsburgh's TJ Zeuch suffered their fifth loss. Prior to this weekend, Maryland's last three-game sweep of a conference opponent on the road came against Duke during the 1999 season.
-Maryland-
A free, 5-part video course with interactive code examples that will help you learn React.
Part 1: Intro to React
Software Engineers who use React every day explain what React is, when you might use it and why.
Part 2: React Starter
We take a look at a simple app that uses React, and we introduce the tools and concepts you need to understand it, including Webpack, JSX, components, elements and props.
Part 3: React Router
We introduce you to routing, and explain how you can use React Router to add links to additional pages in your app.
Part 4: React Redux
We explain how to manage 'state' in your app, and how Actions work with Reducers.
Part 5: What's Next?
We suggest some useful add-ons and libraries to try out once you've mastered the basics.
See our gallery of apps that use React.
MFWOT Daily Update Thread - Wednesday February 27, 2019 Mojo Friday's Weekly Open Thread This is a diary for those who continue to participate in the Mojo Friday diary throughout the week. You are welcome to join ... 0 Recs
Cohen on Trump: "He is a racist.  They are a conman.  They are a cheat." Politico's scoop on the Michael Cohen testimony introduction just dropped...and it's worth all the popcorn in Orville Redenbacher's world. ...but wait, there's more… Politico.com: “In their prepared remarks, President Donald Trump's former... 8 Recs
IAN: 2/27/19 Another diary created using my iPhone. It's barebones without IAN's Mission Statement. Added some cute personal animal photos. I've finally moved and awaiting the internet connection. Boxes are everywhere and it will take some time to get... 2 Recs
Panicked Congressman deleted tweet threatening Cohen and then publicly apologized to Nancy Pelosi Rep. Matt Gaetz is sorry. Really, really, really, really sorry that they sent out a tweet brazenly threatening Donald Trump's longtime attorney, Michael Cohen, ahead of their testimony before the House Oversight Committee on Wednesday. Almost... 75 Recs
Testimonial Good morning and happy Wednesday. Friends, after reading through the comments on this Diary, I've developed a real wish to hear from the people who are suffering needlessly under our current health system. I want your stories, here in the... 0 Recs
Farmers aren't stupid and other conclusions from a life in science: Part 1 I don't know what I want to be when I grow up. That may seem an odd thing for a 62 year old man to say. But I have never known what I wanted to do tomorrow never mind for the rest of my life. I am reconciled to the idea that I may die having never... 2 Recs
Michael Cohen's Wednesday testimony is out: 'Trump is a racist.  They are a conman.  They are a cheat.' Politico has snagged a copy of tomorrow's Michael Cohen testimony. Here's just a taste: I am ashamed of my weakness and misplaced loyalty – of the things I did for Mr. Trump in an effort to protect and promote him. I am ashamed that I chose... 16 Recs
This is immoral. It must stop. Today, a group of despicable people tracked down and doxed a young college student. Them social media profiles, their university, and even their place of work were identified and they were harassed at all of these. They have been forced in the last several... 1 Recs
Overnight News Digest February 26, 2019- Election Day Edition Welcome to the Overnight News Digest with a crew consisting of founder Magnifico, current leader Neon Vincent, regular editors side pocket, maggiejean, Chitown Kev, Interceptor7, Magnifico, ... 21 Recs
The Insomniacs' Vent Hole w/ James Corden Please read and follow instructions before opening. Or consult your physician. ___________________________________________________ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! SPOILER WARNING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 4 Recs
will there be actual evidence of Individual-1 crimes revealed on Wednesday Popcorn in the morning. Even without Russia questions in this morning's public hearings, there's plenty to be revealed in the “worst presidency ever”. The NY Times published a copy of their opening statement inlcuding a list of possible... 17 Recs
WWI: The Death of Peace- VI. The Most Insolent Document This article is part of a series on World War I. To read other posts in the series, please go here. July 5th-July 19th 1914, Vienna, Austria-Hungary “The most insolent document of its kind ever devised.” -Winston Churchill, Britain's First... 0 Recs
United Methodist Church votes to maintain ban on homosexuality, gay marriage, gay clergy Meeting in St.Louis for the past three days, a General Conference of the United Methodist Church voted to maintain the Church's position on homosexuality, gay clergy and gay marriage as stated in the Book of Discipline: ¶ 304.3: The practice of... 19 Recs
Pet peeve hypocrisy gripe: Lotteries Remember the Vice Squad on Dragnet and every other cop series on early TV? They enforced the morals laws against things like gambling, drugs, and prostitution. The laws originally came right out of the Bible, but the legal justification shifted to... 0 Recs
Top Comments: Lemonade Days Edition Ever have one of those days where you have big plans for yourself? You know, where your to-do list almost spans multiple pages, and you wake up ready to tackle the world? I hear from the murmurings ... 29 Recs
PWB Peeps Open Thread: Barklet's Furmiliar Quotations ch.24 “Earthlings can't get together with their fellow inhabitants on Earth, yet are trying to get together with inhabitants of other planets.” 28 Recs
Everything at Once as the Fish Continues to Rot from the Head Down: 'BradCast' 2/26/2019 House votes to overturn Trump 'Emergency'; Gaetz threatens Cohen before House testimony; Harris won't run in NC-9 do-over; Judge nixes NC Photo ID measure due to unlawful gerrymander; 12-year old journo exposes bad AZ cop; Kids push for climate... 0 Recs
The Watergate hearings were Nixon's undoing; now Michael Cohen gets their shot at Trump Coming off a landslide reelection victory in 1972, President Richard Nixon entered their second term with soaring approval ratings just shy of 70 percent. But by August 1973, Nixon would be even less popular than the current occupant of the Oval Office,... 31 Recs
India Attacks Pakistani Territory Tension has risen between India and Pakistan after India staged an air strike on Pakistani territory. This was packaged as a retaliation for a suicide bomb attack in Indian controlled Kashmi. The supposed targets were the bases of insurgent groups... 27 Recs
Cal football notes: RB Daniel Lasco expected to play against Washington State
A quick look at the news to come out of Cal head coach Sonny Dykes' media availability Thursday at Memorial Stadium, their last before the Bears host Washington State at 1 p.m. PT Saturday.
>> Dykes anticipates running back Daniel Lasco, who missed the past two games with a strained muscle in their hip, being available against the Cougars.
“He's practiced all week,” Dykes said. “He's gotten all the reps in practice. I'd expect them to play, unless they don't feel good tomorrow. We'll warm them up and see how they feel.”
They also said defensive end DeVante Wilson (foot), wide receiver Matt Rockett (knee) and safety Griffin Piatt (knee) should play. Left tackle Brian Farley, who suffered an ankle injury last week at Washington, will “dress and have an opportunity to play,” Dykes said.
Wide receiver Jack Austin (foot) will miss another “couple weeks,” Dykes said, and linebacker Aisea Tongilava will be longer than that. When asked whether Tongilava could miss the season, Dykes said, “Potentially, we'll see.”
California running back Daniel Lasco (2) warms up prior to an NCAA football game against San Diego State Saturday, Sept. 12, 2015, in Berkeley, Calif. (AP Photo/Tony Avelar) California running back Daniel Lasco (2) warms up prior to an NCAA football game against San Diego State Saturday, Sept. 12, 2015, in Berkeley, Calif. (AP Photo/Tony Avelar) Photo: Tony Avelar / Associated Press Photo: Tony Avelar / Associated Press Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Cal football notes: RB Daniel Lasco expected to play against Washington State 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
>> Here is Dykes' overview of how practice went this week:
“It was good. I thought our guys practiced hard, I thought we were focused. I thought we were especially focused today. It was probably the best Thursday practice we've had this season. Guys are tuned in. I thought it was a good day today, and I thought we had two good work days on Tuesday and Wednesday. … I think we've got a little pep in our step, and I think guys are excited to play.”
>> The Bears are coming off last week's five-sack performance in Seattle. But getting to the quarterback figures to be tougher Saturday, when they face a veteran-laden Cougars offensive line. WSU is allowing just 1.7 sacks per game this season.
“If there's anyone that's proven how important experience (on the offensive line) is, it ought to be us,” Dykes said. “Washington State's guys have played a lot of snaps, so they're good players. They're big and strong. It'll be a bigger challenge for us in terms of pressuring the passer.”
Connor Letourneau is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. E-mail: cletourneau@sfchronicle.com. Twitter: @Con_Chron
Terry Mathews/Alamy
A common chemical used as a bath salt and in the making of tofu can replace a toxic, expensive chemical in the manufacture of high-tech solar cells, chemists announced today1. Although not all experts agree, the authors of the study say that their surprising discovery could make cadmium-telluride cells — a breed of ultra-thin photovoltaics that have only a 5% share of the world solar market — not only safer to make but also substantially cheaper.
Most commercial photovoltaic modules are based on wafers of ultra-pure silicon; these absorb sunlight, which gives a kick to the material's electrons, allowing them to move around the cell and generate current. Another approach is to build the cell from thin films of materials that absorb light more strongly, and so don't need to be pure and can be deposited quickly. These films are around 1 micrometre thick — barely one-hundredth of the thickness of a silicon wafer — so they use less material than conventional cells and can potentially be made with flexible backings such as plastic or foil, rather than rigid glass.
When they were first proposed, thin-film cells — and in particular those based on cadmium telluride (CdTe) — promised to be cheaper than silicon and only slightly less efficient. But in 2009 the price of silicon modules from China plummeted, driving most thin-film manufacturers (as well as many conventional silicon firms) out of business. Nowadays, “CdTe is running a very tight race with crystalline silicon in terms of cost per watt”, says Jenny Chase, a solar analyst at Bloomberg New Energy Finance in Zurich, Switzerland. “It will need to sell much cheaper to compensate for the lower efficiency,” they add.
Nature Podcast Jon Major briefs Richard Van Noorden on the advantages of their team's invention. You may need a more recent browser or to install the latest version of the Adobe Flash Plugin.
Cut out the cadmium
One of the problems with CdTe, says Jon Major, a physicist at the University of Liverpool, UK, is that the cell must be coated with a solution of cadmium chloride (CdCl 2 ) to boost its efficiency. Among other benefits, chloride ions dissolve into the CdTe layer and set up a semiconductor junction that makes it possible for electrons to flow easily across the device. But the chemical is “horrendous” because its cadmium ions are soluble in water, says Major. “It's toxic, possibly carcinogenic, causes long-lasting damage to aquatic life — and is very expensive.” Chemists must take costly precautions, including wearing protective suits and filtering dissolved cadmium out of a lab or factory's waste. (The cadmium in the CdTe layer is not soluble, so the finished modules do not pose a health hazard, says Major.)
Major and some colleagues at Liverpool searched through the periodic table to find elements that bond with chlorine to make cheaper, safer powders. They tried several different salts — including table salt, or sodium chloride — but these failed because ions such as sodium fouled up the device's electronic structure. At last, they hit on magnesium chloride (MgCl 2 ), a commonly found chemical that produced a cell almost as efficient as CdCl 2 . The researchers think the salt works because magnesium ions have a double positive charge, just like cadmium ions, so they do not disrupt the electron flow.
Courtesy of Jon Major
“We're getting cells as good as anything we've ever made with cadmium chloride,” says Major. “And we can use the salt on an open lab bench, with a cheap spray coater bought online.” MgCl 2 is so safe that it is used in cooking (known in Japan as nigari) to coagulate soya milk and make tofu. It is also used as a bath salt and as de-icing grit on wintry roads. It costs around US$1 per kilogram — whereas CdCl 2 costs 300 times more.
From lab to factory
Kurt Barth, an engineer at Colorado State University in Fort Collins who founded CdTe firm Abound Solar — which filed for bankruptcy in 2012 — says that CdCl 2 was one of the costliest parts of the cell. “We are trying out the MgCl 2 in our lab today and if we are successful we will adopt it in all our processes,” they say. But neither Barth nor Major say that they can quantify expected savings.
The biggest firm in the business, First Solar in Tempe, Arizona, is less impressed. Environmental, health and safety controls are expensive, but “the CdCl 2 treatment step is not a major cost driver in our manufacturing process”, said the company's chief technology officer, Raffi Garabedian, in a brief statement.
Michael Bauer, chief technology officer at Calyxo, a CdTe firm in Bitterfeld-Wolfen, Germany, was similarly sceptical. “The impact on the costs side will be limited,” they say.
Europe is very beautiful continent. Nearly all the countries in Europe are famous for its different tourist destination. So traveling to Europe may be a beautiful experience but it kind of weighs heavy in your pocket irrespective of the reason. Whether it's purely business or a vacation, traveling to Europe is very costly. So, here are few ways by which you can reduce your budget to fly to Europe.
First and foremost, as soon as you plan for vacation book your tickets as the price of the tickets increases. The fare of immediate flights is more than the fare of flights which will fly after few days. As the day of departure is close, the fare increases of the flight. There are other ways too as sometimes a person has to travel immediately due to any circumstances. What shall a person do in that situation? There are numerous ways such as:
It is said the flight tickets are economical in the summer season. So, if you are planning a vacation for Europe plan it in the month of early June as it is the cheapest month to fly to Europe. Even flying in between the month of August and September is economical as compared to the winters. Winters are quite costly, so if you are planning to go to Europe in winters look for heavy discounts or fly with extra mileage points if you have any otherwise avoid it. Even flying on 1-July is quite expensive.
if you are planning a vacation for Europe plan it in the month of early June as it is the cheapest month to fly to Europe. Even flying in between the month of August and September is economical as compared to the winters. Winters are quite costly, so if you are planning to go to Europe in winters look for heavy discounts or fly with extra mileage points if you have any otherwise avoid it. Even flying on 1-July is quite expensive. There is also another way to fly cheap. You can book your tickets 99 days in advance. This way you can save a lot of money because there are chances the fare will be cheap.
Do a lot of research as it is said if you travel to Europe for a long duration or take a break if you are traveling for a long duration flight. This way if you are taking a stoppage in your flight it will cost you less. A nonstop flight is costly as compared to the flights which have a stoppage in between.
Flying to nearby airports or to say economical airports reduce quite a few bucks and will help you with your budget. This is also a way to save money if you are traveling to Europe.
Look for various deals and discounts present before booking your tickets. This way also you can fly cheap. Compare the fares of different airlines before traveling. Also look into maps for travel distance, i.e. look into gateway maps, this way you can know about the shortest distance or how can you save money.
your tickets. This way also you can fly cheap. Compare the fares of different airlines before traveling. Also look into maps for travel distance, i.e. look into gateway maps, this way you can know about the shortest distance or how can you save money. A person having mileage points is also a beneficiary factor. There are few airlines which have mileage point facilities. This way you can travel economical and enjoy your travel without spending extra on the flight.
So, for this vacation to Europe go to Faremachine, look for the suitable airline and book your tickets to Europe. Have a happy and economical vacation.
Greg Cunningham has made four appearances for Republic of Ireland
Cardiff City have had a bid for Preston North End defender Greg Cunningham turned down.
The approach was made on Tuesday but was quickly turned down by Preston.
Cunningham was seen as a possible replacement for Joe Bennett, who has been in talks with Fulham after they triggered their release clause.
But Bennett may now stay with the Bluebirds and is weighing up the offer, with the player considering staying at the Cardiff City Stadium.
Republic of Ireland international Cunningham has made more than 50 appearances for Preston.
Bluebirds manager Neil Warnock confirmed after their side's 2-0 win over Sheffield United that Fulham had made an approach for Bennett.
"There is a clause in their contract ... and if they trigger that clause there's not a lot I can do," they said.
Warnock would not confirm if Cardiff had made specific offers for players, but added: "There's a few the media have not mentioned that I've been talking to. You'll just have to wait and see."
Title: Joining the Dots - the Highland Trail 550
Author: Lee Craigie, with photographs by James Robertson
Publisher: The Adventure Syndicate
Year: 2017
Pages: 118
Order: 18 Bikes
What it is: An account of the 2016 Highland Trail 550 race - 885 kilometres of (mostly) off-road through the Scottish Highlands
Strengths: There's a back-to-basics feel to races like the HT 550 that can serve to inspire in ways that normal races can't
Weaknesses: It helps if you've dot-watched an event like the HT 550
I once did an Audax twelve hundred kilometre rides around Ireland. I mentioned it here recently in connection with something else, how coming up to closing time on the third night, with the end a few hours north and familiar roads ahead, I had the défaillance that, for me, defines the word défaillance, the spirit and flesh equally unwilling. Anytime I think about that ride that's what I remember first. But alongside that memory sits an image from the end of the first day, the sun setting into the Atlantic behind Ben Bulben, and an image from a few hours before that black curtain fell on the final night, the moon rising over Waterford. I don't remember much from the final few hours as we rode back into Dublin, I remember very little of any of the riding actually. Just a sunset and a moonrise, and a heavy curtain of blackness. Twelve hundred kilometres and I can barely fill a paragraph with it.
The Inverness-based Lee Craigie's memories of the Highland Trail 550 - an 885 kilometre (mostly) off-road self-supported individual time trial through the heart of the Scottish Highlands that takes more than four days to complete - run a little bit longer than a paragraph. They do, though, include sunset memories of the sort I can appreciate:
"I knocked back the pace further and inched up the steep col at the same rate as the sun sank in the sky, entertaining the curious fantasy that I was its counterweight."
* * * * *
Mountain biking, as you all know, was invented in Marin County in the mid-eighties but is really much older than that. Actually, it's much, much older. Now, as the industry tries to find news ways to sell us these old ideas, we've got fat-biking and bike-packing as the fads du jour. And we've got new events to pique our interest, events that are somewhere between sportives and races. Events which look and feel remarkably like the original versions of races like Bordeaux-Paris and Paris-Brest-Paris. Events that are actually far from new, are already quite old. One such event is the Highland Trail 550 which, in the same way that Paris-Roubaix was born as a training race for Bordeaux-Paris, was originally conceived of as training for an American event, the Colorado Trail Race. In 2013 the HT 550 became an event in its own right and since then has grown both in severity and popularity.
Starting and finishing in the village of Tyndrum in the south of the Scottish Highlands, the HT 550 heads north, up through Fort Augustus and Oykel Bridge, turning onto its backward course around Bealach Horn (which, Graham Robb's Cols and Passes of the British Isles tells me, is up beyond Achfary, in a mountain range that gave its name to a famous racehorse: Foinaven). The course then heads back south, on different tracks to the ones that took the riders north but again through Oykel Bridge and Fort Augustus.
You could probably write a book just about the route: even listing the place names à la the KLF could cause a reverie (the Bridge of Balgie, Lochs Rannoch, Ericht and Pattack, General Wade's Old Military Road, Struy, Croick Church, Glen Golly, Kylesku, Ullapool, Abhainn Loch an Nid, the Postman's Path, Easan Dorcha, Glens Licht and Affric, the Devil's Staircase). All of this, sadly, is missing from Joining the Dots, Lee Craigie's account of the 2016 edition of the HT 550. The story here is more grounded in the moment than the place, race reporting, daily diaries of Craigie's journey, interspersed with comments from other HT 550 participants. Much of it reads like most race reports read: a lot of words that tell you how hard and how life changing the journey was (not just for Craigie) but very few that really show that. Having started life on Crowdfunder this is probably understandable: there's a particular audience in mind here, people already familiar with the HT 550 and its participants.
This is not to suggest that Joining the Dots is just a race report. The HT 550 is not, after all, just a race:
"I turned into the mass of mountains on a surprisingly ridable trail and rode upwards into the sky. "There are only a handful of times on this route when it is necessary to shoulder your bike and over Clach na Frithealaidh is one of them. It was almost a relief to take pressure off my bum and hands and place it on my feet and shoulders for a while, and I found my walking legs felt strong and rested. I topped out onto the barren, windswept plateau at 10.30pm. The evening was quiet and calm and golden light was falling in crepuscular rays under the remaining clouds. I paused to breathe and listen to nothing, then caught motion out of the corner of my eye. "I turned, and not more that ten metres away stood four young deer. They stared at me with enormous doleful eyes and sniffed the air. I spoke to them softly (something about how I must smell pretty bad if I recall), and they waggled their ears as if in amused reply. We stood smiling at each other and then the strangest thing happened. The deer with the slightly moulting coat stepped through the tiny herd and walked towards me. I can only assume they were curious about this calm, feral creature accompanied by their weird contraption, that had happened upon them just before bedtime. I must have exuded the opposite of a threat. Maybe the grand master stag back in Corriehallie, who had drawn me up the hill on day two, had been in touch with them and they were keeping an eye out for me. "I don't know, but for me, standing there in the grand natural amphitheatre on top of the world, it felt like the most obvious and natural thing to spend a moment communing with these wild creatures."
Also missing from Joining the Dots are stories of the people who rode. There are stories from the people who rode, but not about them. The funny thing about this is that, while I personally think it ought to be a weakness in a book - these are characters, with backstories that need to be fleshed out - like a lot of you I know that this is quite true to this sort of rides: you can ride beside someone for hour after hour, you can help one and other, you can meet up time and again on different rides, and you can do it all without knowing anything about them apart from the important stuff - how hard they can ride and whether they'll wait for you when you puncture. This from RJ Sauer, another of the HT 550's participants, neatly sums it up:
"I am mortified. We have shared the trail together for a day. An eternity. A bike-packing first date. We've slept together. Perhaps not literally. But sharing a ditch with someone has its own metaphoric intimacy. The self-supported racer's one-night stand. I try to wake my fellow racer mummified in silence. I feel a fierce loyalty to the people I camp with. Perhaps a race weakness. Allies. Comrades. Fast friends. Shit ... What's their name?"
* * * * *
Census data from 2001 and 2011 shows that just 2.8% of people in England and Wales cycle to work, a decade of change having no noticeable impact on the official figures. Sport England's Active People Survey shows that cycling in England has been stuck at pretty much the same levels over the last decade, between four and five percent, while the Department for Transport's National Travel Survey shows a slow, generally downward trend for cycling over the last two decades. The evidence for a cycling boom in the UK is, it would seem, everywhere except in the statistics.
Of perhaps bigger importance when you consider how the UK's current cycling boom has been sold, according to a recent YouGov poll, only 1.9% of people offer the Olympics as inspiring them to take up cyclingi, this despite British Cycling bringing home the bangles and the baubles by the armload every four years since Beijing. The inspirational stories of people like Laura and Jason Kenny, of Chris Froome, of Bradley Wiggins, they are, it would seem, not nearly as inspirational as we're supposed to believe. Yes, those who ride are being inspired (by multiple factors) to ride more and yes those who ride are being inspired to spend more. But all of that is just preaching to the converted, while the evangelists fail to bring in new followers.
And this is where Lee Craigie comes in. Along with Emily Chappell they founded the Adventure Syndicate, a group of female cyclists who are going off and taking on challenges like the HT 550 and then coming home and talking about them - to other women, first and foremost, but to men too - not just through books and blog posts but also through school visits, all in the hope of trying to encourage others to take up cycling.
The traditional athlete model, Emily Chappell told me, is too elitist and expensive to be truly motivating or accessible. So the Adventure Syndicate offer a different model. They're not trying to tell you you can be the best in the world. Like Christophe Bassons, they're telling you you can be the best you can be. And that's a message that can be more inspiring than any amount of bangles and baubles. Particularly when it's being delivered by role models you can believe in, people who aren't RoboCop or Lara Croft on wheels.
A long time ago, back in the days of the nouvelle Éire, I took up cycling not out of some desire to emulate the exploits of Sean Kelly and Stephen Roche and Martin Earley and Paul Kimmage but because I'd read an article about the Wicklow 200 - a 200 kilometre Audax-like sportive through the Wicklow mountains - and thought I'd like to try that, to measure myself against that. Within a couple or three years of having achieved that goal I was doing that twelve hundred whose story I opened with. We've all come to this sport in different ways. If we want to bring more people along with us we should be trying different ways to attract them. Maybe giving a friend a copy of Joining the Dots will have more impact on them than a copy of the latest celebrity chamoir. At the worst you're going to read it yourself and maybe be inspired to see how you measure up against something like the HT 550.
Rep. Frederica Wilson Frederica Patricia WilsonJuan Williams: Racial shifts spark fury in Trump and their base Dem behind impeachment push to boycott State of the Union Democrats seek to take on Trump at State of the Union MORE (D-Fla.) on Wednesday blasted President Trump, saying everyone knows the president is a "liar."
"It's becoming exhausting," they told Politico.
"I mean, what the hell? Everybody knows that Mr. Trump is a liar. That is it. Boom. Bam. There is no question about it," they said.
ADVERTISEMENT
The only person Trump cares about is himself, Wilson added.
"What can I say? I can waste time talking about this man all day long," they said. "And it's not going to change him. They don't know how to be president.”
The Florida Democrat said Tuesday that Trump told the widow of a fallen solider that the soldier "knew what they signed up for."
Wilson's account of the call between Trump and the widow of Army Sgt. La David Johnson was disputed by Trump, who said the Florida Democrat had "totally fabricated" the story.
“I didn't say what that member of congress said — didn't say it at all — they know it,” Trump said on Wednesday. “I would like them to make the statement again because I did not say what they said."
But Johnson's mother told The Washington Post that Trump did disrespect their family and that Wilson's description of the conversation was accurate.
And Wilson told Politico they stand by their words.
Wilson's staff told CBS4 on Wednesday that their office was receiving threatening phone calls directed at the lawmaker after their comments on Trump's call.
Trump ignited controversy Monday when they said, incorrectly, that President Obama had not made calls to Gold Star families. They followed that up by saying Tuesday that they thought they had "called every family of someone who's died."
Since those comments, families of fallen soldiers have come out and said they have not heard from the president.
Kurdish Peshmerga forces have launched a major military operation in northwestern Iraq, following recent attempts to push across a frontline near the ISIL stronghold of Tal Afar.
Hundreds of Peshmerga troops have been deployed along frontlines pushing south from the Mosul Dam on Wednesday, after clearing almost 4km of territory.
With the help of the US-led coalition, the Peshmerga have been trying to take strategic territory that will cut vital supply lines from the Islamic State of Iraq and Levant group's strongholds in Syria into Iraq.
Al Jazeera's Zeina Khodr, reporting from near the Mosul Dam, said Peshmerga commanders were confident of the operation, even though they knew it may take some time.
"The military operation is being carried out jointly with the US coalition. Since the early hours of the morning we have seen coalition planes dropping bombs targeting ISIL positions," they said.
"Earlier in morning there was no resistance from ISIL, but now ISIL is putting up a fight. They are fighting back and putting up fierce resistance while launching mortars at Peshmerga positions."
Peshmerga commanders on the ground told Al Jazeera that their aim is to take strategic territory that will cut supply lines vital for ISIL.
Ethnically diverse area
Successfully cutting off the supply lines would mean that ISIL would no longer be able to bring in supplies from their stronghold in Syria to the northern Iraqi city of Mosul.
Al Jazeera's Khodr said there is no intention to push into Tal Afar, which is a heavily populated and ethnically diverse area.
"Peshmerga forces entering Tal Afar may be seen as an invading force by the local population. There are many Arabs and Turkmen residents in those areas," they said.
The US-led coalition has launched at least 20 more air strikes against ISIL in Syria and Iraq since Monday.
In Iraq, nine air strikes hit areas near Sinjar, Kirkuk and Ramadi. Five units of ISIL fighters, several military supply units as well as heavy weaponry were targeted, according to the combined Joint Task Force leading the operations.
Iraq's Prime Minister Haider al- Abbadi said on Wednesday in an interview with the Associated Press that the international community is not doing enough to help their country win the war against ISIL.
"We are in this almost on our own," they said. "There is a lot being said and spoken, but very little on the ground."
They said their country is grateful for the US-led air campaign and that air strikes have been effective.
In case you came in late, it was last Thursday when former presidential candidate Howard Dean chimed in on a tweet about Ann Coulter, asserting simply that hate speech does not enjoy First Amendment protections.
Hate speech is not protected by the first amendment. https://t.co/DOct3xcLoY — Howard Dean (@GovHowardDean) April 21, 2017
Four days later, we've lost track of how many times Dean has attempted (unsuccessfully) to shore up that stunning claim; as we reported earlier, it appeared that they had managed to quadruple-down over the weekend during an appearance on MSNBC.
There doesn't appear to be any end in sight. The New York Times provided some much-needed backup Monday with an op-ed in defense of campus snowflakes, claiming that “freedom of expression is not an unchanging absolute,” and that freedom of speech in 2017 means “balancing the inherent value of a given view with the obligation to ensure that other members of a given community can participate in discourse as fully recognized members of that community.”
Even Newsweek's Kurt Eichenwald couldn't let that rhetorical tire fire stand without comment.
When I read the twisted irrationality 4 speech suppression in NYTimes today, I KNEW the writer would end up being a college administrator. — Kurt Eichenwald (@kurteichenwald) April 24, 2017
@kurteichenwald How can I be agreeing with Eichenwald?! — Dennis Markham (@KeepsinItRealz) April 24, 2017
It's a strange feeling, to be certain, but freedom of speech as defined in the First Amendment should not be this difficult to comprehend. And yet there was Howard Dean, still thrashing about.
Kurt is a a treasure but I disagree. Free speech is not absolute. More protection in US than anywhere else but SCOTUS has repeatedly ruled https://t.co/2Uwv9NM67V — Howard Dean (@GovHowardDean) April 24, 2017
@GovHowardDean Thanks 4 compliment! But I still disagree. If Sup Ct says something not protected speech, it isn't. But here, talking about offensive speech — Kurt Eichenwald (@kurteichenwald) April 24, 2017
Yes, offensive speech should not be banned. But incitement to violence is not protected and that has been litigated multiple times. https://t.co/vJkgt8VylD — Howard Dean (@GovHowardDean) April 24, 2017
Yeah, we know … CHAPLINSKY! But what does any of this have to do with their initial tweet about “hate speech” not being protected?
@GovHowardDean A retreat to a defensible stance, worded to imply you were right before. Don't compensate for good lawyers' smarts with bad ones' sleaze. — Anthony Bennett (@AJBSaysThings) April 24, 2017
@GovHowardDean Stop debating this until you know facts. — Linda (@lmcd9999_l) April 24, 2017
We're pretty sure they know the facts, but he's been digging this hole for days now.
@GovHowardDean The same libs that say Trump supporters are fascist, that opposing illegal immigration is racist/xenophobic, want to "restrict" hate speech. — Shane Hills (@0toygunanthem0) April 24, 2017
@GovHowardDean Everything is "hate speech' to the new left. Look at how other left leaning countries restrict speech. — Shane Hills (@0toygunanthem0) April 24, 2017
Share The Latest News
Sony is full-steam ahead when it comes to PlayStation VR and unique IPs. Just this week they've announced and released information to various upcoming VR games such as Ace Combat 7 Skies Unknown, Moss, Star Child, and Blood & Truth. Now, they've released another bit of information on a new IP called Stranger Things: The VR Experience in collaboration with Netflix.
The trailer itself is nothing special but what makes it exciting is that the popular hit show will be made into a VR experience. In the video above you can see the Christmas lights that were ever so popular in Season 1 of the show. They blink in a certain to describe a word and in this case it spells out “PSVR.”
The trailer also states that the experience will be coming soon to PlayStation VR. This is the first time that Netflix is creating a special VR experience with Sony on PlayStation VR as Netflix is rather known to be an online video streaming service.
While we aren't quite sure what Stranger Things: The VR Experience will entail, it will be quite striking to visit Hawkins in VR.
Face Your Fears: Stranger Things
Oculus has also teamed up with Turtle Rock and Netflix to release Face Your Fears: Stranger Things VR experience on the Gear VR.
This is an interactive experience with an original storyline, the latest DLC for Face Your Fears takes you to the sleepy town of Hawkins, Indiana, where you'll encounter a series of spine-tingling events in the everyday world and its uncanny reflection, the Upside Down.
This experience is available for free today on the Oculus store.
Lotus' trackside operations director, Alan Permane says that Kimi Raikkonen demonstrated they are an exceptional talent almost immediately after they first stepped into a 2012-spec Renault R30 car during their re-acclimatization test in Valencia last month.
"I felt that from when they first ran. You can see that he's an exceptional driver. For example, when we go from low fuel to high fuel, we calculate what we believe the lap time difference should be and every time they hit it on their first lap. A lesser driver takes time to feel that," said Permane in an interview with Autosport.
Permane also reported no problems with Raikkonen's feedback to the Lotus engineers, contrary to what has been reported by the media in the past. "His feedback is excellent. Their knowledge of different engine maps and differential maps is excellent. I see no reason to say that they aren't a good development driver."
What really impressed the Lotus team during the testing in Jerez was the Finn's consistency in lap times and not so much their single-lap pace, which is still difficult to judge this early in the season.
"One area where they are incredibly strong is their consistency on long runs," said Permane. "You can tell from that how good the driver is going to be, not just from outright pace but how they hold that pace. Often you see drivers do a fast lap, a slow lap and make mistakes on long runs, but not Kimi."
BBC Sport F1 journalist Andrew Benson was also impressed by Raikkonen's consistency during the Jerez pre-season tests. "Looking through the lap times from Jerez , one thing jumped out - Kimi Raikkonen's consistency. It was stunning, as it always used to be. Lap after lap was within a 10th of a second of the one before - and there were three separate occasions when they did three consecutive laps, all no more than 0.06secs apart," said Benson.
Lotus technical director James Allison said Raikkonen did not show any signs of physical fatigue during the test in Valencia. "Kimi was doing the business pretty much from lap one and they put a lot of laps in. We did much more than a grand prix distance on both days and they looked as fresh as a daisy. Particularly on the longer runs, they don't miss a beat," they said.
Permane has also dismissed the idea that a driver should function as a team leader as well. Ferrari team principal Stefano Domenicali has justified their decision in the past to replace Raikkonen with Alonso by contending that the Spanish driver is better at being a team leader than the Finn.
"Drivers don't lead the team. They don't need to stand on a pedestal and tell us how to do our jobs. The sense of confidence is where the leadership comes from and they will get that respect and trust because we can see that they know what he's doing," Permane stated.
Some years ago, former Senator and one-time Harvard professor, Daniel Patrick Moynihan, remarked “It isn't what you don't know that hurts you. It's what you know that isn't so.” In that spirit, readers: here is a short quiz. Please don't worry. The quiz is short. You won't be graded. And you may be surprised.
Question 1: The federal government is spending a larger share of national income than at any time since World War II—True or False
Question 2: The federal government is collecting a larger share of national income in taxes than at any time since World War II—True or False
Question 3: Social Security is currently running a deficit—True or False
Question 4: Health care spending is outpacing the growth of income—True or False
I suspect that large majorities of Americans would answer ‘true' to at least one, and perhaps to all four, of these questions. Yet, the correct answer to all four is ‘False.' That you would answer ‘yes' to any of them shows the unfortunate success of the campaign of misinformation to which Americans have been, and are being, subjected. And this misinformation is doing the nation profound harm.
Let's start with government spending. According to the Congressional Budget Office, the Federal Government will spend 21.7 percent of GDP next year under current policy. Were the U.S. economy operating at capacity, that share would be less than 20.6 percent, because output would be higher and spending for such items as unemployment insurance would be lower. For the preceding three decades government spending averaged 21.1 percent of national output. In brief, the numbers flatly contradict the assertion that spending is ‘out of control.'
In fact, the reverse is true. The sharp rise in health care costs over the last three decades and the increased outlays to fight two wars and maintain homeland security after the calamitous events of 9/11 mean that federal spending on the rest of government is slated to take a steadily declining share of national output.
Well, what about taxes? The story is almost the same. Federal government revenues are projected to be 16 percent of national output, compared with an average over the last three decades of 17.7 percent. Spending and revenues are both lower than the average of the last three decades, not higher.
Which brings me to spending on Social Security and health care—the two largest elements of the alleged, but nonexistent, ‘entitlement crisis.' Social Security is projected to have reserves at the end of 2013 $41 billion higher than it had at the start of the year. At the end of 2014, its reserves are projected to rise by another $42 billion. In 2020, reserves are projected to be $285 billion higher than at the end of 2013. What this means is that Social Security is currently running not deficits but surpluses. It means that talk of a pension crisis is poppycock. To be sure, the rising flood of retiring baby-boomers means that deficits will eventually emerge. Raising revenues or lowering benefits to prevent them from happening is vitally important. These changes are better addressed sooner than later, but cries of ‘crisis' are baseless.
The facts with respect to health care spending are also inconsistent with widely held perceptions. Health care spending has outpaced income growth for decades. That is why the share of gross domestic product devoted to health care has tripled in the last half century. But that spending juggernaut abruptly stopped in 2009. Health care spending is projected to claim a slightly smaller share of national output in 2013 than it did four years earlier.
Over the rest of this decade, the Medicare roles will swell, and total outlays will rise. But spending per enrollee is projected to rise a bit less rapidly than U.S. per capita income. The reason is the Affordable Care Act, health reform. Contrary to the assertions of those who sought its defeat and oppose its implementation, health reform—the Affordable Care Act—will directly slow the growth of health care spending, and it contains numerous pilots, experiments, and incentives that promise to slow the growth of spending still more. Caution is in order. Not all of these measures will work. Some may not be indefinitely sustainable. Spending slow-downs have occurred and proven temporary—and it could happen again. But right now, if you said that health care spending, in general, or Medicare spending per person is rising faster than national income, you would be in error.
The misinformation that stands behind the incorrect answers to these questions is doing the nation vast harm. Because of a false belief that spending is out of control Congress stands willing to let the sequester take effect, putting needless drag and the still-weak economic recovery. Because of a false belief that Americans are shouldering unusually high taxes, Congress is unwilling to close loopholes that would raise revenue without raising marginal tax rates. Because of a failure to recognize that Social Security is actually running cash flow surpluses and will do so for years, elected officials insist on enacting benefit cuts now as a precondition for dealing with nation's immediate crisis, a weak economy and long-term unemployment. Because people assume that health care spending continues to grow unacceptably fast, they insist on the inevitability of a long-term fiscal crisis that may never occur and will in no case occur soon.
Meanwhile, the national economic blood-letting continues with an annual loss of nearly $1 trillion a year in output that would generate added revenues and put the long-term unemployed back to work. The mistaken beliefs about overall spending, taxes, Social Security, and health care spending that are simply not so are harming and will continue to harm the country most grievously.
HENRICO COUNTY, Va. — The rules were laid out ahead of time and they were clear.
“The store is not yet open folks. If you run or run through there, they are going to eject you from the mall,” a uniformed Henrico Police officer warned Apple iPhone fans who waited outside Short Pump Town Center for the mall to open.
“No running. No pushing. No arguing with anyone,” a woman who appeared to be a member of mall security said at 6 a.m. approached. “I don't know why you're coming forward. Back up.”
Moments later, the mall opened and iPhone fans took off running to the Apple Store.
“They said ‘no running!'” Jenn Stephens, who recorded the iPhone sprint, yelled. “Okay, I'll run.”
Stephens said they too ended up running because they were in a rush to get to their brothers wedding and their phone was broken.
“Several people ran through a construction area with construction vehicles and got turned around,” they said. “I pre-ordered mine and Apple told me that even that line would go slow so to get there early.”
It is unclear if anyone was actually removed from mall property during the morning iPhone rush.
FRESNO, Calif. — The police responded to a call about a loud party on East San Ramon Avenue, but it wasn't just any party: A sheep was reportedly being slaughtered in a backyard.
“Muslim refugees were unaware that slaughtering sheep is not allowed in the city,” the police wrote afterward in their report, which also stated that those involved “were advised to clean up the blood and mess” and warned that in the future “they could be cited.”
The animal, actually a goat, was killed by a Syrian refugee who later skinned, roasted and shared it with their Syrian neighbors in the apartment complex where they all live.
Refugees are typically placed in towns and cities such as Buffalo, N.Y.; Boise, Idaho; and Fayetteville, Ark., where resettlement agencies ease their transition to life in a new country. But they are free to move about the country like anybody else, and they sometimes land in places like Fresno that are not exactly prepared for their arrival.
Appearing as a defence witness in a post-Godhra riot case, BJP president Amit Shah told the designated court Monday that they saw key accused Maya Kodnani in the Gujarat Assembly around 8.30 am and again around 11-11.15 am at the Sola Civil Hospital on February 28, 2002, the day 11 Muslims were killed in Naroda Gam.
Advertising
Shah deposed as a witness after being summoned by the court on an application moved by Kodnani to prove their alibi that they were not present at Naroda Gam at the time the offence was committed — contrary to the claim of the Special Investigation Team (SIT), the prosecution agency in this case.
“I, Amit Anilchandra Shah, 53, national president of BJP, was a member of Sarkhej Assembly constituency. On February 28, 2002 at around 7.30-7.45 am, I left for Assembly where a condolence for the victims of Godhra carnage was held at around 8.30 am where I saw Mayaben Kodnani,” they said.
According to Shah, they left the Assembly premises for Sola Civil Hospital to know about the situation and reached there around 9.30 am. Bodies of kar sevaks, killed in the train carnage at Godhra a day earlier, had been brought to the hospital. “There were families of the victims, there was chaos. Post-mortem and identification of bodies were going on. Sloganeering too was on against the incident,” Shah said.
Advertising
Asked by Kodnani's lawyer Amit Patel who all did they see at that time, Shah replied they saw Kodnani, Natubhai Vaghela, Jaideep Patel (another accused) and others.
“Since slogans were being shouted against the incident and there was chaos, a police team escorted me and Mayaben out of the hospital and took us to a police jeep since my vehicle was parked a little far. I can't say exactly but it was around 11 am to 11.15 am. I was dropped near Gota chowkdi where I got into my own vehicle,” Shah said. They said they didn't see where Kodnani went from the hospital.
Among 82 accused in the case, they want to prove their alibi that on the day of the Naroda Gam killings, they were not at the spot. They have already been sentenced to life imprisonment in the Naroda Patiya massacre case in which 97 Muslims were killed.
Following questioning by Kodnani's lawyer, Special Public Prosecutor Suresh C Shah cross-examined Amit Shah. Special judge P B Desai told the BJP president: “Don't get into an argument… Ask to repeat the question… don't answer till you recollect.”
Shah replied in the affirmative to the question that both they and Kodnani were members of the Legislative Assembly at the time of offence and that they also became a minister in the government later. When the prosecutor asked them how did they get to know about the (Godhra) incident, Shah said that the then (state) Home Minister had announced it in the Assembly around 11-11.30 am on February 27. They also said there was a bandh call given the next day in protest against the incident.
During the cross-examination, Shah said that on February 28, the Assembly proceedings started around 8.30 am and ended within 15-20 minutes. They said they saw Kodnani while they were leaving the hospital under police escort and they didn't see them later.
When the prosecutor asked them whether they knew the distance between the Assembly and Naroda Gam, Shah replied in the negative. They said they never went to Naroda Gam. They also said they knew that the SIT was formed by the order of the Supreme Court and Mayaben was arrested by SIT.
Asked by the public prosecutor whether they gave any statement in Naroda Patiya, Shah denied it. “I was not summoned. At that time I was contacted (by Kodnani)… SIT had all the information (SIT ne badhi khabar hati) but it never called me.” At this juncture, special judge Desai intervened but Shah said, “Let me complete. SIT knew everything but did not contact me.”
Following the deposition of Shah, the trial will now take up final arguments in the case which will commence September 25. In Naroda Gam, the SIT chargesheet states, Kodnani was seen by about 14 eyewitnesses between 9 am and 10.30 am on February 28, 2002, where they briefly addressed the mob, allegedly asking them to kill Muslims. Apart from oral evidence the SIT also relied on the electronic evidence in the form of mobile call detail records (CDRs) that showed their presence in the locality.
Kodnani maintains they never went to the spot. They have been booked for conspiracy, murder, illegal assembly, inciting communal hatred among other charges.
Advertising
According to the SIT, Kodnani attended the Gujarat Assembly proceedings which was suspended after paying condolences to the victims of the train burning incident. They left the Assembly around 8.40 am and reached Naroda Gam and then proceeded to Naroda Patiya. The SIT claims that their arrival there was part of the same conspiracy which led to the killing of Muslims in Naroda Patiya too. Since there were different set of mobs, two separate FIRs were filed by Naroda police.
Story highlights Alabama man active in GOP politics at center of tricky fight
At issue is whether strict limits on individual campaign contributions violate the First Amendment
A ruling by spring could have an immediate impact on the congressional midterm elections
"Citizens United" decision dealt with contributions from businesses
Shaun McCutcheon is an electrical engineer by trade, but grassroots politics may be their true passion.
The Alabama native has worked for years with their local Republican Party in Birmingham, and is chairperson of Conservative Action Fund, a so-called "super PAC" that "promotes conservative Republicans' time-proven messages and effective solutions."
McCutcheon's success in business and a willingness to put their money into GOP coffers has put them at the center of a politically tricky Supreme Court fight over federal campaign donations.
Oral arguments in the case will be heard on Tuesday, a day after the court begins its new term. The government shutdown is not expected to affect the court's normal work schedule.
At issue is whether strict limits on direct campaign contributions by individuals -- in the Federal Election Campaign Act -- violate the First Amendment.
A ruling by spring could have an immediate impact on the congressional midterm elections next November, and be another blow to existing federal election laws.
JUST WATCHED Five Things - Supreme Court Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Five Things - Supreme Court 01:47
JUST WATCHED Did Supreme Court make history or not? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Did Supreme Court make history or not? 01:45
JUST WATCHED The politics of the high court's ruling Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH The politics of the high court's ruling 09:12
JUST WATCHED Supreme Court strikes down part of DOMA Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Supreme Court strikes down part of DOMA 02:59
The appeal from the 46-year-old owner of a Tuscaloosa-based company is supported in court by the Republican National Committee.
They object to a 1970s Watergate-era law restricting someone from giving no more than $48,600 to federal candidates, and $74,600 to political action committees, during a two-year election cycle -- for a maximum of $123,200.
McCutcheon says they have a constitutional right to donate more than that amount to as many office seekers as they want, so long as no one candidate gets more than the $2,600 per election limit.
They support those individual controls, but "what doesn't make any sense is that you can only give that amount of money to a few candidates, because somehow my giving money to (U.S. Rep.) Martha Roby of Alabama could corrupt (former Rep.) Allen West of Florida. That's just nutty, but that's what the powers-that-be want: to prevent folks who want to get involved from having the same ability to get involved and support candidates that big union PACs have."
Political speech or not?
McCutcheon equates their donations to "core political speech."
But backers of continued congressional regulation do not see it that way.
"The reason we have limitations on the dollars an individual can give is to create some sense of fairness, so that if we do have a campaign finance system driven by donations, we have as many opportunities for as many people as possible to participate," said Robert Zimmerman, a prominent Democratic fundraiser.
"That's why there are limitations, so that everyone has an equal or fair voice in the process. Not only are our elections being put up for auction, these donors are making an investment in the democratic system for their own agenda and we taxpayers have to foot the bill," they said.
Zimmerman, too, lives and breathes politics and is a member of the national party's finance team, helping raise about $500,000 for President Barack Obama's re-election effort.
Fundamental debate
A special three-judge federal panel in Washington earlier rejected McCutcheon's appeal.
The competing arguments are stark: supporters of campaign finance reform say current federal regulations are designed to prevent corruption in politics. Opponents said it would criminalize free speech and association.
The current case deals with direct political contributions. A separate 2010 high court case dealt with campaign spending by outside groups, seeking to influence federal elections. There, the conservative majority -- citing free speech concerns -- eased long-standing restrictions on "independent spending" by corporations, labor unions, and certain non-profit advocacy groups in political campaigns.
The so-called "Citizens United" ruling helped open the floodgates to massive corporate spending in the 2012 elections. It also led to further litigation seeking to loosen current restrictions on both the spending and donation areas.
The three-year-old ruling also put corporations on the same free speech footing as wealthy individuals, who have long enjoyed the ability to spend freely on behalf of federal candidates.
That and a subsequent decision from a federal appeals court in Washington have led to a proliferation of so-called "super PACs"-- separate political action committees that can raise and spend unlimited amounts of cash from businesses, unions, and advocacy groups.
These super PACs are independent political organizations operating as "527s," named after the tax code governing their operation. They cannot contribute directly to a federal candidate or political party.
Limits on direct contributions to candidates by corporations and individuals remain in place, the focus in part of the current McCutcheon appeal.
Some political experts say a ruling in favor of increased, or even unlimited, aggregate individual donor contributions could put party committees and political action committees on a greater competitive track with the "super PACs."
All PACs are organizations that campaign either for or against candidates, legislation, or ballot measures. The difference is in how they are organized for regulatory and tax purposes, and by the amounts of money they are allowed to spend.
Regular PACs may also give limited donations to federal candidates and political parties, while super PACs cannot.
Legal, political fallout
If they win at the high court, wealthy donors like McCutcheon -- whether Democrat, Republican, or Independent -- could in theory contribute a maximum $3.6 million to the national and state parties, and the 450 or so Senate and House candidates expected to run in 2014.
Key for the conservative majority court is whether the current law has a permissible goal of preventing political corruption or the appearance of it. And both sides of the legal fight have entrenched views on that.
"Limitations on a citizen's First Amendment rights cannot be drawn to target the most outlandish hypotheticals that interest groups can conceive," said the National Republican Senatorial Committee and National Republican Congressional Committee in a legal brief. "Especially where those interest groups have an interest in manufacturing the 'appearance' of corruption that this court has held can justify campaign finance regulation."
But those who want current controls to remain in place say if aggregate contribution limits to candidates or parties disappear, it would make it easier for the money to get routed by party leaders into other close races nationwide.
"If the court continues in the direction of Citizens United," said Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Massachusetts) in a recent speech sponsored by the progressive Constitutional Accountability Center, "we may move another step closer to neutering Congress' ability to limit the influence of money in politics and another step closer to unlimited corporate contributions given directly to candidates and political committees."
What is the impact?
Another point of contention is whether the aggregate spending limits are really having a pervasive effect, or only involve a relative few well-heeled givers.
Figures from the Center for Responsive Politics for the 2012 race showed about 600 donors leveraged their money to each give the maximum of about $48,000 total -- benefitting no more than 17 presidential or congressional candidates. Almost 1700 contributors forked over the maximum limit to party committees, which added up to more than $100 million. Loosening those limits, say opponents of the law, would benefit wealthy liberals and conservatives equally.
But the Supreme Court has never in its history overturned a federal contribution limit.
"Now imagine that overall contribution limits are struck down. Presidential candidates in 2016 could solicit and each of these donors could contribute as much as $1.2 million to their joint fundraising committees" said Fred Wertheimer, founder and president of Democracy 21, a longtime activist on campaign spending reform. "It may well open the door to striking down all of the remaining contribution limits, taking us back to the robber-baron era."
The presidential campaigns of Obama and their Republican opponent Mitt Romney were able to create joint fundraising committees and, working with their respective parties, pool fundraising resources. That meant those campaigns were able to solicit contributions to the maximum $70,800 per donor.
Wertheimer says an end to contribution limits would be an "unmitigated disaster."
But McCutcheon argues that characterizing the legal fight as between "good" and "bad" simply blurs the truth.
"Getting rid of the aggregate limits is not about corrupting democracy-- it is about practicing democracy," they said. "This case is about freedom-- your freedom and my freedom-- to express ourselves openly and fully within our political system. And if there is one thing that we Americans believe with all our hearts, it is that freedom never corrupts."
The case is McCutcheon v. Federal Election Commission (12-536).
Starting out as a runner can be a daunting task, especially if you're new to exercise. Research suggests injury rates of between 29% and 58% for novice runners so it's important to know how to become a regular runner and not one of the walking wounded! It's also key to keep running as enjoyable as possible, especially in the early stages, if it becomes a gruelling chore you'll quickly find you run less and less. Luckily there are lots of ways to reduce injury risk and get the most out of being a new runner.
Be ready to run
Running can be hard on the body, especially the knees, ankles and feet. If you're already carrying an injury it's wise to deal with that prior to starting running. See your GP, physio or health professional and use our information on RunningPhysio to make sure you're pain free and ready before hitting the roads.
Research has suggested that lack of previous participation in sport places you at a higher risk of developing a running injury. There is some evidence that doing 'preconditioning' exercises prior to taking up sport may reduce injury (although no evidence with novice runners as it hasn't been widely studied). If you are new to sport, particularly sports that involve running, then a preconditioning programme may help you. If I were to suggest 3 exercises they would be single leg balance, single knee dip and '100 up' (see below). These will work balance and control and introduce you to impact. Just do as much of each as you can manage, around twice a week for a few weeks prior to starting running.
You could also start some brisk walking or treadmill running for a few minutes in the weeks before you start running. Just don't do this;
Get the right kit
Light, breathable running clothes will help keep the sweat away from your body and keep you comfortable when you run. Many start running in cotton t-shirts but once you sweat they stick to your body and can quickly get uncomfortable. You needn't go for lycra or compression garments but many sports shops and running shops sell fairly inexpensive options. If you're a football fan and have a football top then these are a good option as they are often made of material that wicks sweat away and dries quickly.
Get the right shoes
Your old school trainers from 1984 are not the best running shoes! You'd be surprised how many new runners wear old trainers with very little support simply because they had them in cupboard somewhere! Many running shops will analyse your gait on a treadmill for free and make suggestions on appropriate shoes. Some even give you 30 days to run in them, with the option to exchange if the shoe isn't right. It's often sensible to start with a well cushioned supportive shoe than the more 'minimalist' approach but comfort is key!
Warm up before running and cool down after
There is some debate over whether warm up and cool down prevent injuries. In fact the research has yet to show any factors that prevent injuries in novice runners and there are only a handful of studies on it. What I've found is that if your body is prepared to run by a warm up before then it is a more comfortable run, and if you do an appropriate cool down it is more comfortable afterwards. Warming up for exercise should be dynamic – it isn't about static stretches – Runner's World has a good video with suggestions on how.
For your cool down walking for a few minutes can be helpful to allow your heart rate to gradually settle. The more traditional “Static Stretches” are useful here – by this I mean holding a stretch for around 30 seconds. Focus more on areas that feel tight, this commonly includes quads, hamstrings and calf muscles.
Find your pace
You might be surprised to read that I haven't always liked running. In fact, in the past it was a chore, something I felt I had to do to keep a beer belly at bay! What changed was when I found my cruising pace. I hadn't realised it but I'd always run too fast and each run was an exhausting battle trying to catch my breath. When I started to slow down I found I could run further and enjoy the views rather than just concentrating on keeping going. Changing my speed transformed running for me and it became something I love. As a guide when starting out, pick a pace that you could manage to chat at, it may feel like a pled but as you get fitter you can pick it up a little. By running slower you'll also reduce the chance of injury.
Build up slowly
This applies to everything! Distance, speed, hills – everything. Anything you add needs to be done gradually. Many runners talk of the “10% rule” this means increasing your weekly mileage by 10% at most. Its a useful guideline to prevent doing too much, too soon. To give you an idea of how crucial this is, it's estimated that as much as 80% of running injuries are from overuse – doing too much – a gradual build up should significantly reduce your risk of injury.
Embrace variety
Running the same routes on the same surfaces can quickly get a little boring. Add some variety to your routes and consider running on a trail or heading out of town into the countryside. Running on different surfaces also helps to reduce the likehood of injury through the repetitive nature of always running on road or pavement. When you're used to road running it can be a real treat to get out and see some stunning views, surely this is better than dodging traffic?
More here on the benefits of trail running.
Listen to your body
Aches and pains after starting running are common but they should settle quickly. If you are getting persistent pain or swelling then act quickly and get it checked out. Don't wait until something becomes really severe before seeking advice. In many cases a few days rest from running will settle symptoms, most common running injuries are covered here on RunningPhysio. If you are carrying a niggled and are unsure whether to run or not we have guidance to help you decided.
You might hear the phrase “cross training” from time to time in relation to running. This means using another exercise, usually with less impact than running, to maintain fitness – swimming and cycling are popular choices. If you're feeling the strain from running try cross training for a week or two to stay fit while allowing the body to recover.
Plan and be sensible
Many new runners often start as 'weekend warriors' – they work all week and squeeze as much exercise in as possible at the weekend. This isn't ideal as you risk doing too much in a short space of time and getting injured. If possible have a plan for your exercise; making it part of your weekly routine means you're more likely to stick with it and you'll get better results from your training. Space out your runs with rest days in between and remember other exercise has an impact too. If you work out in the gym and fatigue your legs then try and run the next day it might be a real struggle. Be sensible and just give it some thought, that's all that's needed really, many people approach it without even considering how exercise may affect their body.
Stick it out through the tough patches
Every runner will hit a patch in their running when it feels incredibly tough. Progress seems to slow and it becomes harder to motivate yourself to keep going. When you hit this stick it out! Maybe vary your running a little, try something new – swap in some cross training or download an inspirational sound track to listen to! If you keep going and make running a regular part of your life it can become an incredibly rewarding passion.
Are you running to manage your weight?
Many people run to manage their weight. This is a great benefit of running but it's also worth remembering that if you are overweight you may have an increased risk of injury. Research has suggested that 'adiposity' is connected with tendon injury (i.e. if you carry more weight you may have higher risk of developing tendon problems). Some 'preconditioning' work, as detailed above, may be helpful. When you start running you may find it helps to do a run or two a week and add in non-impact exercise like cycling or swimming to help reduce your weight. Also remember how much diet plays a part. It's estimated that for every kg you weigh you burn off 1 calorie per kilometer you run. So someone weighs 80kg will burn around 80 calories per km. A chocolate bar contains around 200 calories so they'd need to run for 2.5km to burn it off! Obviously this is a little simplistic but it gives you an idea of the impact diet has.
Last but not least…
Join the running community
I'm continually amazed by how supportive and friendly the running community can be. From local running shops and runners who wave as they whizz by to online blogs and Twitter – runners are a nice bunch! You needn't be a 'lone runner' slugging away on your own. Many running shops have free running groups for a variety of different levels. You may want to join a running club or try 'hashing' which mixes running with socialising and drinking beer – sometimes out of your own shoe! I must point out that hashing isn't just about that, it involves running in a big group of varied abilities and following a number of trails, some lead nowhere and force you to turn back. The end result is you all tend to arrive at the end at about the same time. More details here. Running with friends is often fun too and helps you pace yourself.
There is a lot of support online, the Runners World site is an excellent resource with a very useful beginners forum and injury forum. There are a host of excellent blogs – informative, funny and inspiring – a few of my favourites are listed on our links page. Twitter is full of nice runners who have kindly shared their running advice with us. If you have a question or need support just ask! People are always happy to help out fellow runners.
Good luck, see you on the road….!
Gregory Fenton "Greg" Buckingham (July 29, 1945 – November 11, 1990) was an American competition swimmer, Olympic medalist, and former world record-holder in two events.
Buckingham was born in Riverside, California, and attended Menlo-Atherton High School in Atherton, California. They were one of two older brothers of Fleetwood Mac guitarist Lindsey Buckingham. Their father Morris ran a coffee plant near Palo Alto, California.[1] Greg enrolled in Stanford University, and swam for the Stanford Indians swimming and diving team in National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) competition.[2]
At the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City, they won a silver medal in the 200-meter individual medley, finishing second with a time of 2:13.0.[3] Their second-place performance completed an American sweep of the event with Charlie Hickcox winning the gold medal (2:12.0) and John Ferris taking the bronze (2:13.3).[4] They also competed in the 400-meter individual medley and was judged to have finished fourth in the event final, even though their clock time was the same as the bronze medalist (4:51.4).[5]
Buckingham died of a heart attack in 1990 at the age of 45.[2]
See also [ edit ]
Bailey Meola and Sydney Schumacher, both 19, had been trekking in Nepal's Langtang Valley when the earthquake hit in late April. Their families believe they “perished during the earthquake and catastrophic landslide.”
The families of the Garfield High School graduates who were missing in Nepal said Thursday that they now believe the two girls died during the devastating earthquake.
Bailey Meola and Sydney Schumacher, both 19, had been trekking in Nepal's Langtang Valley when the earthquake hit in late April. The families believe they “perished during the earthquake and catastrophic landslide,” the two families posted on social media.
“When Sydney's brothers, Will and Paul, searched the entirety of the trek, and saw the immense and unfathomable destruction and devastation, it was clear that there was no chance our girls had survived,” the families wrote. “Although our strong desire has been to hear final confirmation from the U.S. Embassy, and to receive our girls' remains, we haven't, and may never.”
Meola and Schumacher were traveling around the world after graduating from Garfield High School in 2014. The two met in Thailand in mid-April before flying to Kathmandu. Schumacher's five-month journey began in January; they wrote on their travel blog of their plans to work on a farm in Hawaii after hiking in Nepal. Meola flew to Southeast Asia in February and planned to travel through Europe after the Langtang Valley trek.
A crowdfunding page on Indiegogo, intended to raise money for locating and extracting Meola and Schumacher, generated more than $51,000. The initial goal for the page, set up a few days after the devastating quake on April 25, was $500.
“We have been profoundly moved by the support and love we have received from near and from far, far away,” the families wrote.
With the funds from more than 600 donors, the Meola and Schumacher families formed a private expedition team to search in medical and makeshift camps throughout the Langtang Valley. Schumacher's brothers flew to Kathmandu two weeks ago and were directly involved in the search-and-rescue efforts. They returned to Seattle earlier this week.
In the weeks after the earthquake that killed thousands of people, the families continued to hope that the two girls would be found alive. They had been told by the U.S. embassy that there was a chance there were more survivors.
Chris Olson, Meola's godfather, said the families remained hopeful after the earthquake because the two girls were experienced in survival skills and outdoor activities.
“Bailey is an amazing, adventurous person,” Olson said at a candlelight vigil held last week. “There was no stopping them going on this trip. They were really excited to get to Nepal.”
They had learned many skills through POST, a student-run outdoor education leadership program at Garfield. The program taught them where to look for shelter and warmth in natural surroundings, how to build a fire in wet conditions and how to focus thoughts and actions on the best steps to survive.
Organizers at the vigil handed out a list of items and tips for surviving in the wilderness.
“Bailey and Sydney's story is as much a story of their own survival as a reminder to all of us that the events of Nepal can happen anywhere, at anytime,” Rachelle Brown, Meola's mother, wrote on the list.
The families said Thursday that the money from the Indiegogo fund will be donated to continuing relief efforts in Nepal, which was hit with another large aftershock earlier this week.
“In due time we will announce our direction with donations made to our Indiegogo, to aid the people & economy of the Langtang Valley region in the names of our beautiful daughters,” the families wrote. “You have all had your part in helping us move through these dark days.”
With one day left in the Alouettes' rookie camp, one player was conspicuous by their absence — Wilfrid Laurier defensive-back Chris Ackie, who was selected by Montreal in the first round (fourth overall) of the draft this month.
This isn't the National Football League, where high draft choices earn exorbitant amounts of money. Ackie is not holding out and this has not become a controversy, at least not yet. Eventually, the matter should be resolved. But he's the only Montreal draft choice that hasn't been signed and, other than Calgary offensive-lineman Sean McEwen, who went third overall to Toronto and is returning to school, all the remaining first-round picks from this year's draft have signed with their teams.
“We've pretty much gone as far as we can from our end. Either they show up or whatever they want to do. We can't do any more,” general manager Jim Popp told the Montreal Gazette on Wednesday, when rookies and quarterbacks hit the field for the first time at Bishop's University. “It always is money. They want more than what we can do. We've gone back and forth. We've done what we can.
“We're trying to be fair.”
While there remains a minimum salary for rookies — $51,000 this season — the wage scale for freshmen changed dramatically after a new collective agreement was reached prior to the start of training camp in 2014.
Each Canadian Football League team's salary cap went from $4.4 million to $5 million last season, and it has increased by $50,000 this year. While each team had additional money at its disposal, many deliberately came under the cap a year ago. That available cash, in many instances, was made up between the end of the season and Jan. 1, when numerous players had their contracts extended. But that money counted against the 2014 cap.
Now the cap has further marginally increased.
“Everyone's salary has gone up. The guys really making the most money coming out of the draft are the offensive linemen,” said Montreal agent Darren Gill. “I don't want to call them crazy. These deals are in line with the new salary cap.”
Gill represents Ottawa centre Alex Mateas and Winnipeg offensive-lineman Sukh Chungh, the top two draft choices, respectively, along with McEwen. Gill was able to get the deals for Mateas and Chungh done quickly. Both will earn base salaries of about $80,000, but with playing time, could see their pay hit $100,000.
“People are asking when does the spending stop? I think relatively soon,” Gill said. “Some of these rookie deals look like balloon deals, because everyone's saying we can't sustain these rookie deals.”
Defensive-lineman Ese Mrabure-Ajufo, who went fifth overall to British Columbia — one spot after Ackie — will earn $89,000 this season. That included an $18,000 signing bonus. But guard Danny Groulx, the seventh overall pick whose signing was announced Thursday by Edmonton, will be paid a base of $75,000 along with a $20,000 signing bonus. It's believed that bonus is one of the top three in CFL history paid to a rookie.
It's also believed offensive-tackle Karl Lavoie, whose signing was announced Thursday by Calgary, will earn more than Saskatchewan receiver Nic Demski — although Lavoie went ninth overall, three sports behind Demski. But Lavoie, who played at Université Laval, like Groulx, is an offensive lineman. Thus the disparity.
Which brings us back to Ackie, one of only three non-offensive lineman taken in the opening round. In other words, their position works against them because the Als are deep at safety and linebacker, where they could potentially play.
Their agent, Johnathon Hardaway of Washington, D.C., refused comment when contacted by the Montreal Gazette. While Hardaway realizes he's probably not in a favourable bargaining position, they most certainly would be within their right to demand a deal comparable, if not slightly better, to the one the Lions gave Mrabure-Ajufo.
Ackie isn't the first rookie Hardaway client to be at loggerheads with their team. Hamilton linebacker Frédéric Plesius held out before signing. Combine that with the fact the Als are considered a hard team to deal with where rookies are concerned. The team's philosophy, according to many, is drafted players should make nominal salaries on their first contracts.
Thus, the impasse.
“Going into this new era, all of a sudden rookies are getting paid crazy … money they've never been paid before. It's up and down the board,” Popp said. “Everybody has to manage their own salary cap, how they're going to fit someone into their team. The agents want everything. We're trying to manage the entire team. There has to be an understanding to that.
“It was made very clear to (Ackie): Make sure you don't make it late for rookie camp. He's not here.”
The player, of course, is the one caught in the middle. And he's not helping their cause the longer the negotiations last.
“I don't really know the numbers. That's why I hired an agent. I'm hopeful and optimistic a deal — a fair deal — will be reached soon. I obviously want to be at camp. It hurts waiting around at home. I continue to train and I'm already packed,” Ackie told the Montreal Gazette from their Cambridge, Ont., home.
“Not being there will hurt me a bit. But I know myself, my work ethic. Once I'm there, I'll be heavy into my playbook, heavy into film to better myself. I'm not too worried about that. I want to get there as soon as I can.”
hzurkowsky@montrealgazette.com
twitter.com/HerbZurkowsky1
Donald Trump and Megyn Kelly have put their differences aside for formal sit-down.
Fox announced on Monday that the Republican presidential hopeful will appear on Fox's hour-long special Megyn Kelly Presents this May 17, with extended portions of the interview airing on The Kelly File on Fox News the following night.
“I look forward to a fascinating exchange – our first sit-down interview together in nearly a year,” Kelly, 45, said in a press release.
The release also notes, “For the first time ever, Kelly will explore how events unfolded with Trump after the August debate as one of the most prominent voices covering the 2016 presidential campaign of the front-runner. They will also examine Trump's successful campaign for the White House to date and their role in one of the most historic presidential runs in modern times.”
Kelly told viewers on the April 13 edition of The Kelly File that they and the business person had met at Trump Tower on April 13 to “clear the air.”
Trump, 69, was critical of Kelly for months after they took issue with their question at the first GOP debate in August 2015, when the Fox News host asked them about previous quotes he'd said to describe women.
The two were cordial March 3 at another Republican debate, but later that month Trump once again targeted Kelly on Twitter, calling them “crazy Megyn” and announcing they would skip the March 21 GOP debate on Fox News, which was to have Kelly as a moderator. The debate was eventually canceled.
“Donald Trump's vitriolic attacks against Megyn Kelly and their extreme, sick obsession with them is beneath the dignity of a presidential candidate who wants to occupy the highest office in the land,” a Fox News spokesperson told PEOPLE at the time.
Trump's campaign fired back, calling them a “highly overrated reporter” in a statement to PEOPLE.
Megyn Kelly Presents premieres May 17 at 8 p.m. ET on Fox.
Hidden fixes
We did a small game server update this week to fix a few bugs. It required no client update and did not warrant any server restarts. It was the spooky ghost patch that you never knew existed. The following issues were corrected:
Fixed an issue where Rapala's 3rd Epic quest actions could be bugged for the first action of every turn
Fixed a bug that sometimes could cause the AI to loop forever while calculating a reply
What's to come
One of the most common questions we get is: "What's coming next?"
As mentioned in our Roadmap post in late July, we have a lot of work ahead of us before we're ready to exit Early Access.
We generally try and avoid revealing too much about our tasty new features until they're well out of the oven and ready to share with everyone. It makes our big patches more exciting and keeps development fluid. It's not great to announce "Krog is getting a new T-shirt," only to find out a week later that maybe giving Krog that new T-shirt isn't such a great idea, or that maybe they should wear a sweater instead. In such a case, we have to be the bearer of bad news and let everyone know that Krog won't be getting that T-shirt so many players already fell in love with, after all.
Rest assured that we, as always, have a lot of features coming down the pipe - many of which were raised in priority, or added high on the "to-do" list thanks to community feedback. What you share with us really can change our direction significantly at times. Keep it up!
Mulligan numbers
"Why do I so often redraw the same card during a Mulligan?"
It's a common question we're asked. So common, in fact, that we ran some tests to be sure there weren't any problems with the mulligan system. So far, we've found it to be working 100% as expected - and suspect this may mostly be somewhat of a perception issue, negativity bias, or even a misunderstanding of how our mulligan system works.
In Faeria, as in many "real world" card games, when you select a card to be mulliganed, you shuffle it back into your deck before you redraw another card. This means it is completely possible to redraw that same card, or even another like it from your deck. The lack of an animation showing you this may lead to some confusion here. Let's go into some numbers that may be helpful.
⚠️WARNING: DANGEROUS MATHS AHEAD. Click here to skip.⚠️
Let's say you mulligan all three cards you're presented with, and your deck consists of 30 unique cards. The odds you see at least one of those cards again after redrawing are about 28%. In other words, a little less than a third of the time you're going to see the same card again.
Now let's say your deck has 3 of each card, or 10 unique cards in the entire deck. If you mulligan all 3 of your cards, there is a 67% chance you're going to see at least one of those cards return to your hand.
If you have a deck with 3 of each card, keep two cards, and mulligan only one, the odds to redraw that card or one of the same type are about 10.7%.
Why not make it so the card you mulligan isn't shuffled back into the deck?
This would solve a lot of the negative feelings associated with this specific problem, but otherwise significantly impact the balance of the game as a whole and the pool of decks that are generally reliable to construct. Suddenly, you'd be much more able to tailor your starting hand and have that "perfect rush start" or "perfect combo" most of the time, or at least more of the time. This is the same reason we were hesitant to implement the new mulligan system as-is. (Remember, not so long ago in Faeria, mulligans were all or nothing.) It's also part of the same reason players start with only 3 cards and not 4, though that also has to do with simplifying the amount of starting options a player is presented with. We're talking about the fundamental mechanics of Faeria here - the subtle things ticking under the hood that keep everything in delicate balance. Change such load-bearing variables and the consequences are not small.
Anyway, if you still think you're seeing odd Mulligan behavior, please continue to let us know - but try and keep the numbers above in mind. If things still seem way out of whack to you, we need to know!
Monthly Cup and ESL
It's time for Monthly Cup qualifiers again. Watch them streamed live this weekend on https://www.twitch.tv/itscappuccino, the current #1 Ranked God!
Note that our esports website has been loading a little slowly lately. It's a known issue that we're working on. Thank you for your patience.
This Sunday is also the last ESL Go4Faeria Cup for September. Register and play to earn your points and qualify for the $400 finals! You can find current point standings here.
By the way, you may have noticed some familiar faces strewn throughout this news post. They're part of our new set of BetterTTV emotes that are on their way, which are tied to our Discord channel. If you want to use them in Twitch chat, you'll need to install the BTTV browser extension.
Have a fantastic weekend.
-Gary (@Atmaz)
So I drove out to the middle of nowhere today to visit St. Anthony's Greek Orthodox Monastery, which is in the Sonoran desert near Florence, Arizona. I've never been to Arizona. This is a big, hot, dry, empty state. The desert looks so very, very desolate. How in the world do people cope? But they do. Hey, Arizonans, New Mexicans, and other people who live in desert states, help me to understand why you love it here. I grew up in a lush, green state (sometimes too lush, and definitely too humid), so this is about as alien as it gets for me. Help me to see this place through your eyes, and what you love about it.
Inside the monastery grounds, though, it's an oasis, as you can see above.
I only had time to spend about 90 minutes, but during that period I was able to walk around and to pray. I got to venerate relics of St. Panteleimon (4th century) and the 20th century Athonite monk Elder Joseph the Hesychast (his relic was the top of their skull, which I kissed; their entire skull is inside the reliquary, though only the top is exposed; keep it blessedly weird, Orthodoxy!) I spoke privately with Abbot Paisios, who heads the monastic community there.
On the way out, I stopped a second time by the bookstore, and fell into conversation with a luminous young monk, Fr. Nektarios. They asked me what brought me out to the desert, and I told them I'm going to be giving a couple of talks in Phoenix about Dante and the Divine Comedy, which is the subject of my new book. They asked me to tell them more, and I did.
Then they told me that they credit Dante with playing a major role in bringing them to Orthodoxy.
Wait … what?!
True. They said that reading the Divine Comedy put them in such a different frame of mind, and made them think of God and the spiritual life in a fresh new way. They said it opened the doorway to them to ultimately find their way to Orthodoxy, and then to the monastic life. I told them how startled I was to discover how Dante's Paradiso was all about theosis, which I didn't realize there had been a tradition of in the West. Father Nektarios was very generous, and said that they hope readers of my Dante book, whether or not they find their way to Orthodoxy, find their way closer to God, and to spiritual healing, by making the poet's acquaintance.
“Don't forget to pray for Dante,” Father Nektarios said, which just delighted me to no end. You never know who you're going to meet at the end of a desert road.
NEW YORK (MarketWatch) — U.S. stocks posted slight gains Wednesday, with the Dow Jones Industrial Average capping its longest win streak in more than 16 years after February retail sales beat expectations.
The figures from the Commerce Department had retail sales up 1.1% last month, the largest gain in five months and better than forecast.
“The numbers were very good; the consumer is showing incredible resilience, having absorbed the dysfunction in Washington and the payroll-tax increase,” said Ron Florance, managing director of investment strategy for Wells Fargo Private Bank.
Retailers including Best Buy Co. BBY, -0.40% rose in the wake of the upbeat data.
Erasing losses, the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -0.13% advanced 5.22 points to 14,455.28, with the blue-chip index posting a seventh day of record closes.
The finish marked a ninth straight day of gains, the Dow's longest such run since a 10-session win streak that ended Nov. 15, 1996.
“The stock market has basically been playing catchup. People had so much money on the sidelines, and now they realize the world is not coming to an end,” said Florance of the market's advance that has the S&P 500 index up 9% this year.
Less than 11 points from its all-time closing high, the S&P 500 index SPX, -0.08% added 2.04 points, or 0.1%, to 1,554.52, with consumer discretionary faring best and telecommunications the worst performer among its 10 major industry groups.
“The retail investor is going to start looking at this market and seeing some opportunity, as we saw yesterday; dips are a potential buying opportunity,” said Joe Cusick, senior vice president of education at OptionsXpress.
The Nasdaq Composite COMP, -0.07% climbed 2.80 points, or 0.1%, to 3,245.12.
For every three stocks sliding, roughly four gained on the New York Stock Exchange, where almost 585 million shares traded.
Composite volume topped 3 billion.
Netflix Inc. NFLX, +0.29% shares rallied 5.6% after the online video service started new social features with Facebook Inc. FB, -0.30%
Spectrum Pharmaceuticals Inc. SPPI, -3.21% tumbled more than 37% after the developer of cancer treatments projected 2013 sales below expectations.
Walgreen Co. US:WAG gained 4.2% after UBS hiked its rating on the drugstore chain to buy from neutral.
Ahead of Wednesday's open, stock futures had erased losses after the government reported retail sales jumped in February, enhancing the view of an ongoing economic recovery. Another release from the Commerce Department had business inventories rising 1% in January.
Providing critical information for the U.S. trading day. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Need to Know newsletter. Sign up here.
Could the 6 God and Rap God be at war? That remains to be seen, but for now, Drake is making it known that they are “Not Afraid” of an Eminem feud.
Earlier today, Hot 97's Ebro Darden opened up on their show about a private conversation they had with Drizzy about Joe Budden and Slim Shady.
“We talked about Joe Budden,” Darden said. “He was laughing. They were like, ‘I gave them a little look…That's why Joe ain't put out the DMs. They keep threatening he's gonna put out DMs, where I DM'ed him…The reason they ain't put them out was because I DM'ed them and said, ‘I hope you get well in this tough time, aka you out here strung out on dope or something.' So they ain't put that out.'”
That's when Eminem came into the conversation.
“I told Drake,” Darden added, “That the rumor was that Eminem was gonna gear up to come after him. They laughed. They were like, ‘That's not gonna happen. He'd never do that and if they did, I've got something for them too.' This was a private convo…That's what they said.”
It's unclear where Darden heard the rumor regarding Eminem's potential Drake diss.
Some may say this could come from the fact that Em signed Drizzy's friend-turned-foe Budden to their Shady Records imprint as part of Slaughterhouse in 2012. However, the group has not released an album since that year's Welcome to: Our House and last year, Budden rapped about their lack of communication with Marshall Mathers on the song “SlaughterMouse.”
Ebro, Drake, and Eminem have one major thing in common: ties to Apple Music. Aside from their work with Hot 97, Ebro is also a host on Beats 1. Drake, of course, has their own show on the music service, OVOSOUND Radio, and he's signed a deal of exclusivity with the platform. Meanwhile, Eminem released exclusive material through Apple Music last year.
The Democratic supermajority in the Legislature is unlikely to advance Republican Gov. Bruce Rauner's proposal. | Getty Governor lunges for control of Chicago schools, teachers union Republican Gov. Bruce Rauner is angling for a takeover of the financially flailing school district.
The broke Chicago school system is the latest laboratory for an ambitious Midwestern governor trying to push their anti-union agenda.
Republican Gov. Bruce Rauner is angling for a takeover of the financially flailing school district, a move that would allow them to battle the powerful Chicago Teachers Union.
Story Continued Below
The Democratic supermajority in the Legislature is unlikely to advance Rauner's proposal. But their play for power is another political collision between the governor, eager to prove themselves as a Scott Walker-style conservative, and Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel, who has accused the governor of taking teachers and students hostage in the name of a political agenda.
Emanuel has for months been asking the state for money to help CPS and has complained that state education funding — which pays for teacher pensions in every district except Chicago — is unfair. Until now, Rauner has offered to give Chicago a $200 million pension bailout, but only as part of a larger legislative push to ease collective bargaining rights .
Rauner's proposal , unveiled by Republican state lawmakers Wednesday, would give the state board of education, which they appoint, authority over the school system. It would also change state law to allow the school district or the city to declare bankruptcy, a move that would make it possible to renegotiate union contracts.
“If the mayor is unwilling to stand up for their taxpayers and their school children in dealing with the Chicago Teachers Union, [then] rather than trying to push their liabilities on the state, we're asking the mayor to partner with us,” Rauner said.
Chicago teachers and students are now waiting for a solution to a fiscal crisis that has left the district with a $500 million hole in its budget for the year. Experts are unsure whether Chicago will be able to finish the school year without some sort of bailout, or if it will have to borrow more money. And Emanuel is locked in slow-moving negotiations with the teachers union, which is concerned about the possibility of thousands of layoffs in the near future. Job cuts could lead to the second CTU strike in four years.
The state of Illinois, meanwhile, is dealing with its own budget and pension problems. The state is facing a pension shortfall of more than $100 billion. And Rauner, who took office a year ago, has thus far been unable to agree with Democrats on a budget.
“If the governor was serious about helping Chicago students, they should start by proposing — and passing — a budget that fully funds education and treats CPS students like every other child in the state,” Emanuel spokesperson Kelley Quinn said.
Teachers had just breathed a sigh of relief Monday when the deadline passed for the district to notify teachers if it planned to lay them off mid-year. The union called for the mayor's resignation earlier this month because of Emanuel's management of Chicago schools and their handling of the death of Laquan McDonald, a young black man shot by police. And in December, 90 percent of CTU members voted to authorize a strike, setting up a potential teacher's strike this spring.
But they also reject the governor's proposal. The Chicago Teachers Union called Rauner's plans a “non-starter” in a statement, comparing the takeover to a 1995 reform law that put the city under mayoral control, led to a proliferation of charter schools and curbed union power.
“Instead of rejecting failed policy, the governor is doubling down and holding Illinois citizens hostage with their austerity agenda,” the union said.
Chicago Public Schools has found itself in increasingly dire financial straits brought on in part by the 2008 financial crisis. Starting in the 1990s, Mayor Richard Daley began diverting pension funds into operations spending for the district. Teacher salaries and school choice options grew in the years that followed, and returns on the pension funds kept the pension system afloat.
But by 2005, the money in the pension fund versus what was owed to future retirees was declining. And in the years that followed, though the city began paying into the fund again, the amount Chicago needed to pay into the pension system ballooned.
The pension problem is a big part of what's driving Chicago's budget shortfall, though it's not the only factor. The city also pays teachers relatively high salaries. A teacher with a bachelor's degree and five years of experience makes $61,831, according to the National Council on Teacher Quality, the second-highest of the 120 large school districts surveyed by the organization. And the opening of charter and alternative schools has left many neighborhood schools underenrolled, leading to an inefficient system with higher costs, said Peter Cunningham, who worked for former Education Secretary Arne Duncan when Duncan was in charge of CPS.
The Chicago school board did try to stop the bleeding by voting to close 49 of the more than 300 schools found to enroll too few students in 2013. Many residents in neighborhoods that lost local schools, many of which were in low-income areas, resisted the closings.
Today's situation is “much more dire than anything Arne Duncan faced in their seven years as CEO,” Cunningham said. “Their bonds are junk bond status, or close to junk bond status. Should they borrow more money? Probably. Do they want to? No.”
By the time Emanuel took office in 2011, they were facing the mounting pension crisis. Last summer, the mayor proposed fixing the shortfall with a combination of cuts, extra money from the state, higher pension contributions from teachers and a property tax hike — but neither the state nor union have so far bought into the plan.
Republicans in the statehouse blamed the city's lag time in responding to its fiscal crisis as one reason for Chicago's troubles.
“Despite credit downgrades to junk status, CPS is now looking to long-term bonds to pay for hundreds of millions of dollars in short-term operating expenses,” said Jim Durkin, the minority leader in the state House. “CPS and the city of Chicago are in a state of crisis, a crisis that they have had years to prepare for and that could have been averted.”
Even as they argued that their plan has some chance of passage, Republican leaders acknowledged that it would require a major change in the political winds.
“If the Democrat leaders want to continue with the status quo with the city of Chicago and CPS, then sure, it is dead on arrival,” Durkin said. “That is to their peril.”
The city may borrow more money to keep schools' doors open in the coming months, experts said. But credit rating agencies have become wary of the country's third-largest school district's ability to pay off its debts: Standard & Poor's downgraded the city's debt Friday, and said it may do so again in the next six months. S&P Credit Analyst Jennifer Boyd said in a statement that “adverse business, financial or economic conditions will likely impair the board's capacity or willingness to meet its financial commitments.” Moody's also downgraded the city's credit rating, which was already in “junk” territory, in December.
And in an interview with POLITICO, House Speaker Mike Madigan's spokesperson Steve Brown compared the proposal to the situation in Flint, Mich., where the entire city is under state control.
Flint “may be the template you may want to use when you evaluate whether it's a good idea to take over. Look at what happened to the people in Flint and try not to repeat mistakes,” Brown said.
The comparison to Flint, which is grappling with the fallout of a water source change that created unsafe lead exposure for children and adults, is drastic — and it was rejected by the Republican leaders. Yet there are parallels between Michigan and Illinois' school crises: Dismal academic performance and budget woes are the primary reasons school districts are wrenched from local boards. Detroit has been run by the state for seven years, and its financial problems remain. Like Chicago, the much smaller Michigan school district is more than $500 million in the hole. Detroit has cycled through several emergency managers, and teachers, unsatisfied with their pay and working conditions, have been calling in sick in droves for more than a week, shuttering schools, including Wednesday.
On Tuesday, Gov. Rick Snyder proposed splitting Detroit into two districts, one to run the school system, the other to address the debt. Snyder said their plan would keep the district from having to declare bankruptcy.
Across the country, more than two dozen states have laws on the books allowing a state to take over a school district. Several districts in New Jersey, which passed the first law allowing takeovers, have been in state hands for more than a decade. And in several states, state-run districts have been crafted to oversee a selection of especially poorly performing schools, including in Tennessee and Michigan.
But state takeovers have a poor track record, said Michael Griffith, school finance strategist for the Education Commission of the States.
“People at the state department of education don't run schools or school districts. It's not their job,” Griffith said. But in order to get a district back on its feet, Griffith said, “you really have to hit the ground running.”
Marcella Bombardieri, Caitlin Emma and Nirvi Shah contributed to this report.
President Donald Trump has set their sights on something much bigger than immigration or ISIS. He's seeking to address the shidduch crisis in the frum community.
Today, at an event covered exclusively by Matzav.com, Donald Trump announced a new initiative, “Make Shidduchim Great Again.” Their goal is to improve the shidduch parsha and expedite the making of shidduchim.
“We will win, win, win,” Trump told a crowd at a Purim party at the home of noted shadchan Freddie Friedman.
“We will win so much in shidduchim that you'll get tired of winning,” said The Donald.
Speed-dating is one of the ideas being proposed by Trump, who said that he'll “build a wall if they have to” to get this done.
It was unclear what the president meant by that statement.
“I will melt the freezer with these bare hands if I have to in order to help singles,” said Trump. “I have friends in high places. We will get this done. I promise.”
Trump pointed to the dismal failure of other politicians to address the crisis.
“We have politicians who don't have the guts to call the crisis by its name,” the president told Matzav.com after the event. “I will change it all.”
Referring to their Jewish daughter, they said, “I know firsthand about the Jewish dating world. My maidele is married, but that doesn't mean I don't care about every single Jewish girl and boy out there. When they win, we win. When we win, they win. It's all about winning.”
Addressing their audience, Trump mentioned some other ideas they are working on, including, but not limited to, instituting Sefashkenaz as the nusach in all shuls to bring about achdus.
“I bring people together,” said Trump. “That's what I do. I can't help it even if I tried. I'm a uniter.”
{Matzav.com Newscenter}
Family reunions are always full of love, but maybe none so much as when Janet Barnicoat and their younger brother, Dean Hundorf, met for the first time on Saturday.
Related: Sperm Brought These Two Women Together
Barnicoat and their brother were both abandoned as infants, five years apart. In 1981, Barnicoat was left in an alley in Lawndale, California; in 1986, Hundorf was found on a porch in the Pacific Palisades. Though both children were adopted, they each eventually went looking for answers online. “I was interested in my ethnic makeup,” Hundorf told CBS New Los Angeles of why they submitted DNA to Ancestry.com.
Hundorf and Barnicoat at Disneyland. Photo courtesy of Janet Barnicoat
Barnicoat sent in their DNA to the site as well, and says this was a result she'd always wanted. “I'm complete now. Overwhelmed with joy,” they said. “I've waited my whole life for this.”
Related: Daughters Go Wild When They Learn They'll Be Sisters
“This was something I never would have dreamed of,” Hundorf says. “It's still unreal to me.”
They live thousands of miles apart—Hesperia in California, Hundorf in Wisconsin—but the two are making the most of their time together. Hundorf is meeting their four nephews and one niece, and on Monday, the two went where every brother and sister should: Disneyland.
On Monday, DIA inspectors obtained search warrants and made four simultaneous raids on Christchurch properties, seizing 22 computers and boxes of documents. On Tuesday, they spoke to two men who they described as "business people" but declined to identify.
They were now assessing the evidence before deciding what action to take. The raids were the first since New Zealand's anti-spam law took effect in September, bringing in fines of up to $NZ500,000 for an organisation or $NZ200,000 for an individual. In August 2003, the Christchurch business person named by the Danish spambuster told The Press the spamming business paid well, and claimed to have had sales of $NZ300,000 in the previous eight months. "When you look at it, most men are willing to spend a couple of hundred bucks if they think it will give them a few more inches down there," they said, referring to penis-enlargement products.
"What man doesn't want that? So, yes, it is a good business." The alleged spammer, then described as a father of two and former hospitality worker, said they had 15 different types of American-made penis-enlargement pills, with the spam emails being channelled through servers in Poland and Pakistan.
They said they had had "plenty of death threats", but was unapologetic about the impact on recipients, adding: "If you don't want to receive spam, don't connect to the internet, or don't have an email address." The same man last week was identified as the Christchurch spamlord by Danish IT consultant Henrik Uffe Jensen, who said they had been plagued by spam emails and decided to fight back by getting through the concealment methods used to hide the originating address. The BBC claimed the method they used was to place an order for penis-enlargement pills, but to include a secret piece of computer code that would get through the slave or zombie computers used to hide the originator.
The BBC made contact with the alleged spammer, who denied the allegations. The Press, New Zealand
Not long after Donald Trump's surprising presidential victory, an article published in the Swiss weekly Das Magazin, and reprinted online in English by Vice, began churning through the Internet. While pundits were dissecting the collapse of Hillary Clinton's campaign, the journalists for Das Magazin, Hannes Grassegger and Mikael Krogerus, pointed to an entirely different explanation—the work of Cambridge Analytica, a data science firm created by a British company with deep ties to the British and American defense industries.
According to Grassegger and Krogerus, Cambridge Analytica had used psychological data culled from Facebook, paired with vast amounts of consumer information purchased from data-mining companies, to develop algorithms that were supposedly able to identify the psychological makeup of every voter in the American electorate. The company then developed political messages tailored to appeal to the emotions of each one. As the New York Times reporters Nicholas Confessore and Danny Hakim described it:
A voter deemed neurotic might be shown a gun-rights commercial featuring burglars breaking into a home, rather than a defense of the Second Amendment; political ads warning of the dangers posed by the Islamic State could be targeted directly at voters prone to anxiety….
Even more troubling was the underhanded way in which Cambridge Analytica appeared to have obtained its information. Using an Amazon site called Mechanical Turk, the company paid one hundred thousand people in the United States a dollar or two to fill out an online survey. But in order to receive payment, those people were also required to download an app that gave Cambridge Analytica access to the profiles of their unwitting Facebook friends. These profiles included their Facebook “likes” and their own contact lists.
According to the investigative reporter Mattathias Schwartz, writing in The Intercept, a further 185,000 people were recruited from an unnamed data company, to gain access to another 30 million Facebook profiles. Again, none of these 30 million people knew their data were being harvested and analyzed for the benefit of an American political campaign.
Facebook did turn out to be essential to Trump's victory, but not in the way Grassegger, Krogerus, and Schwartz suggest. Though there is little doubt that Cambridge Analytica exploited members of the social network, Facebook's real influence came from the campaign's strategic and perfectly legal use of Facebook's suite of marketing tools. (It should be noted that internal Facebook documents leaked in early May shows that Facebook itself has been mining users' emotional states and sharing that information with advertisers.)
After the initial alarm that an obscure data firm might have wormed its way into the American psyche deeply enough to deliver the election to Trump, critics began to question what Alexander Nix, the head of Cambridge Analytica, called the firm's “secret sauce,” the algorithms it used to predict a voter's psychological profile, what is known as “psychographics.” Confessore and Hakim's article about the firm, which appeared on the front page…
'I'm bisexual': Hotshot rapper Azealia Banks fights hip-hop prejudice by coming out of the closet
The world of hip-hop is notorious for being a haven of misogyny and homophobia.
But hotshot rapper Azealia Banks is standing up to the prejudice by publicly admitting to being bisexual.
The much-touted star, whose celebrity fanbase includes Kanye West, spoke out about their sexuality in an interview in the New York Times.
Out of the closet: Hotly-tipped rapper Azealia Banks has come out as a bisexual in a new interview
New Yorker Azealia, 20, said: 'I'm not trying to be, like, the bisexual, lesbian rapper. I don't live on other people's terms.'
 They are the latest in a long-line of celebrities to come out of the closet, with the likes of Angelina Jolie, Christina Aguilera, Amber Heard and Evan Rachel Wood all famously confessing to being attracted to both sexes.
And Cynthia Nixon recently said they were bisexual after being attacked by LGBT campaigners after claiming they were 'gay by choice.'
Standing up to prejudice: Azealia has opened up about their sexuality despite performing in a genre not known for tolerance
However they stand alone in the world of hip-hop, with no notable female rappers confessing to same-sex relationships.
Homophobia has even appeared in the lyrics and of rappers the likes of 50 Cent and Tyler the Creator.
Provocative Nicki Minaj has been coy on the subject of their perceived bixexuality and even sang about being attracted to lesbians.
In an interview with Complex magazine they said: 'When I rap, it's just an extension of how I speak, and that's how I talk. If you don't like it, don't listen.
'I'm also not going to explain something just because I said it in a rap. Take what you want from it.'
Trendy: Azealia is following in the footsteps of famous bisexuals such as Angelina Jolie and Cynthia Nixon
However they later said they were a heterosexual and had no interest in women.
New Yorker Azealia is one of the most-hotly tipped upcoming stars in their genre, and is one of only five people Kanye West follows on Twitter.
Though their debut album is yet to be released they also count Gwyneth Paltrow among their fan base, and last year topped NME's Cool List.
They have been working with Adele's 21 album producer Paul Upworton on tracks for the upcoming record and has become a darling among fashionistas.
The rapper has already been photographed by the likes of Terry Richardson, Matt Irwan, Inez van Lamsweerde and Vinoodh Matadin.
And just last week they performed at Karl Lagerfeld's home in Paris at a party celebrating the designer's new budget line .
However they insist not much has changed for her, despite the fact they grew up in Harlem.
Thanks to the full financial support of my parents, I recently graduated from an expensive private college in the Northeast with no student debt. After graduation I secured a salaried job with benefits at a large publishing house. I found the work thoroughly soul-crushing, so I quit and began working a number of minimum-wage jobs that do not set me up for any sort of “future.” While I enjoy my current lifestyle, I fear I might be violating an obligation to my parents, since my college degree is irrelevant to these jobs. Do I have an ethical duty to find a better job even if I'm unhappy with the work? NAME WITHHELD, BOSTON
Every family is unique, so it's difficult to place this kind of problem into a clear context. If you directly asked your parents to finance your college experience with the explicit intention of pursuing a specific career, that would be like a contract; if your parents' willingness to pay your tuition has been dependent on your willingness to pursue the best possible job it afforded, you would have essentially agreed to a familial form of indentured servitude. But in all likelihood, the real situation is not that straightforward. Your parents probably paid for your education because they could afford it (and felt it was their responsibility). You probably accepted their support because it seemed like the obvious thing to do (and because you were broke). Your current predicament wasn't really considered by either party, despite how common an occurrence it now seems to be.
Your parents have a moral burden here as well: They can't demand that you take a job that makes you hate yourself simply because they spent money in order to put you in that position. They're not venture capitalists, and you're not an investment opportunity. That said, there's a reason work is called “work” (as opposed to “wall-to-wall awesomeness”). I strongly suspect your soul-crushing publishing job might have seemed significantly less soul-crushing if you were also receiving the soul-crushing bills that accompany soul-crushing student loans.
Still, you are not ethically obligated to live your life in a way you dislike just because someone else willingly subsidized the means by which you achieved that unhappiness. You might feel a personal obligation to do so, out of respect for your parents. But there is no ethical framework that requires you to be miserable as repayment for their investment in your future. Moreover, the purpose of college is not solely to get a high-paying job when you're finished. If the experience made you a more complete person, it wasn't a (total) waste of their money.
Andrea Leadsom has held properties in a company rather than in their own name and made use of offshore banking services
The new Tory Treasury minister Andrea Leadsom has insisted they received no tax advantages from making use of offshore banking services, holding properties through a company rather than in their name and creating trusts for them children.
The moves are legal but Labour has raised "serious questions" about Leadsom's tax arrangements, calling on them to explain whether they had a lower liability as a result, especially given George Osborne's suggestion that complicated avoidance measures are morally unacceptable.
The controversy arose after it emerged that Leadsom, a former Barclays banker, created a property company called Bandal with their husband in 2003 to take ownership of two buy-to-let properties.
This is a structure that can have tax advantages because it means the owner pays lower-rate corporation tax, rather than income tax, on earnings from the properties, although they would also at some point have to pay tax on any dividends drawn.
Some of the shares in the company were registered to children's settlement trusts in 2005, a year before a crackdown by Gordon Brown that meant any new assets put into trusts from then on would be subject to inheritance tax or high charges.
A debt charge on Bandal was registered to Jersey-based Kleinwort Benson (Channel Islands) Ltd, an offshore banking centre, according to documents from 2006. This appears to have been switched to the London branch of the bank more recently.
Leadsom, who was elected MP for Northamptonshire South in 2010, stepped down as a director of the family company in February to be replaced by their 18-year-old son.
This was shortly before they were made economic secretary to the Treasury with responsibility for the multibillion-pound help-to-buy scheme, in a reshuffle prompted by the resignation of Maria Miller as culture secretary.
However, a spokesperson for Leadsom insisted there "is not, nor has there been any tax advantage whatsoever" from the arrangements.
"This is a completely UK company that is eligible for UK tax on all profits. There is no offshore element and no tax avoidance," the spokesperson said, while confirming that Leadsom has always been resident in the UK for tax purposes.
The Treasury had no comment to make.
In a speech this month, the chancellor, was highly critical of offshore banking. They have previously worked on international efforts to bring transparency to tax havens. "A very important part of our economic plan is that everyone makes a fair contribution. The message is very simple – if you're hiding your money offshore, we are coming to get you," Osborne said.
Shabana Mahmood, a shadow Treasury minister, said Leadsom "urgently needs to explain these arrangements and why they were put in place. Most importantly, they need to explain whether they have benefited from a lower tax liability as a result.
"Families are £1,600 a year worse off since 2010 and the government's top-rate tax cut has seen millionaires £100,000 a year better off.
"The amount of uncollected tax has increased by £1bn this year and whilst George Osborne claims to be tackling tax avoidance, their deal with Switzerland raised less than a third the amount they originally claimed it would.
"So the public are rightly angry when the tax system is manipulated by those with the money to do so. Ministers responsible for this state of affairs must themselves be above board and seen to be above board, so it would seem there are serious questions to answer here."
Lord Oakeshott, a former Liberal Democrat Treasury spokesperson, said they were surprised that Leadsom "had loans from banks in the Channel Islands while they were an MP" and added: "I can see why they would have wanted to clean all that up before becoming a Treasury minister."
What began this year as a political crisis over utility prices has been transformed into a wider venting of frustration with a state that many Bulgarians feel has failed to live up to the promises of the 1989 revolution that overthrew communism, or even to improve their daily lives.
Iveta Cherneva, a Bulgarian author who has attended most of the demonstrations, said the protesters saw themselves as part of a larger global movement. “In many places there is deep underlying discontent with governments which are not responsive to the people who elected them,” they said. “And since last night, the protests here are similar to the others in one more way: the police started using disproportionate force against peaceful demonstrators — something we in Bulgaria thought would never happen.”
Metodi Litsev, 34, who has participated in the protests, compared them to clashes in Turkey and the Occupy movement, saying, “If there weren't protests in Taksim or Wall Street, we might not have found the moral example to seek our emancipation.”
So far, Mr. Oresharski has stood their ground against calls to step down, buttressed by hundreds of supporters who have also held regular demonstrations, and now by the police.
Ivan Krastev, chairperson of the Center for Liberal Strategies, a research institute based in Sofia, said domestic unrest, coupled with external criticism from the European Union, had undermined the new government's credibility. “Even if the government stays in power, it is not in a position to govern,” they said.
The daily demonstrations were initially provoked by the appointment of Delyan Peevski, an influential media mogul who has close ties to the government, as head of the national security agency. The appointment was immediately rescinded, but that did not quell discontent over what some demonstrators insisted was an example of shadowy business interests capturing the state.
On Tuesday, protesters were infuriated by the government's decision to borrow about $676 million, which would raise the budget deficit to 2 percent of gross domestic product. They saw the move as unnecessary and damaging to the economy.
This is now the third edition of Playoff Push — as the USL Eastern Conference playoffs now have six weeks remaining, and with Rochester's ascension into fourth place, there are now seven teams who still have a chance at the final three playoff spots, but two of them, Ottawa and Saint Louis are hanging on by a thread, after they drew against each other.
There is still a lot of soccer to be played, and it seems as if things are only getting tighter in the standings — especially from fifth place (Tampa Bay – 38 points) to 10th place (Pittsburgh Riverhounds – 34 points).
Here's my latest, team-by-team, look at the playoff race broken down into three categories of USL's Eastern Conference:
Pretty secure
Battle for final playoff spots
Out of contention
PRETTY SECURE
Louisville City FC (47 pts) – Bounced back from a loss to Orlando City B, by defeating third-place Charleston, 1-0. Next up: at Pittsburgh, Sat. Sept. 9 Charlotte (47 pts) – after a loss to last place Toronto FC II, Enzo Martinez made their USL MVP case with two goals leading the Independence past 14th place Richmond. Next up: at Charleston, Sat. Sept 9 Charleston (41 pts) – another loss for the Battery, this time to front-running Louisville. If they have any hope to finish at the top, will need a win against Charlotte at home. Next up: Charlotte, Sat. Sept. 9 Rochester (41 pts) – The Rhinos keep prodding along, jump over struggling Tampa Bay with a business-like result in beating last place Toronto FC II, 1-0. Next up: at Ottawa, Sat. Sept. 9 Tampa Bay (38 pts) – returned to action after more than a week, and defensive woes persist in a 4-2 loss to NY Red Bulls II. Rowdies head to Pennsylvania for swing vs Harrisburg and Bethlehem Steel FC. If they falter on this trip, I might have to knock them down a category. — and into the battle for final playoff spots Next up: at Harrisburg, Wed. Sept. 6 / at Bethlehem Steel FC, Sat. Sept. 9.
BATTLE FOR FINAL PLAYOFF SPOTS
6. Orlando City B (36 pts) – the hottest team in USL continues unbeaten streak that reaches 12 games (3-0-9) as Bethlehem Steel FC found a late equalizer that kept OCB in 6th place. Next up: Richmond, Thurs. Sept. 7 (4:30 p.m. kickoff!?)
7. New York Red Bulls II (35 pts) – suddenly the Red Bulls II jump over a bunch of teams with a 4-2 win against the struggling Rowdies. Next up: Toronto FC II, Sat. Sept. 9
8. FC Cincinnati (35 pts) – a draw at home against the Hounds was disappointing result, especially since they only have one more match (out of six) at home, One of the drawbacks about playing at a facility which is home to a Division I college football program. Next up: at Harrisburg, Wed. Sept. 12
9. Bethlehem Steel FC (34 pts) – late equalizing goal against red-hot Orlando City B allows them to keep pace. Next up: Tampa Bay, Sat. Sept. 9
10. Pittsburgh Riverhounds (34 pts) – Despite a ‘positive' draw on the road at Cincinnati, the Hounds drop a spot in standings after NY Red Bulls II win, but remain only one point off the pace. Four of final six are at home, but next two are against two top four teams. Next up: Louisville FC, Sat. Sept. 9
11. Saint Louis FC (31 pts) – picking up a pair of draws in the past week didn't help STLFC pick up any much-needed ground in the race. Next up: Harrisburg, Sat. Sept 9.
12. Ottawa Fury (30 pts) – needing a win against STLFC, they also settled for a 2-2 draw that keeps both teams behind the Riverhounds and Steel FC. Next up: Rochester, Sat. Sept. 9.
OUT OF CONTENTION
13. Harrisburg (25 pts) – the City Islanders have been dormant, and finally will get back into action this week, trying to snap an eight-game winless streak. Next up: Tampa Bay, Wed. Sept. 6 / at St. Louis, Sat. Sept. 9
14. Richmond (23 pts) – following up an upset win at Charleston, the Kickers were kicked back to the curb by front-running Charlotte, in 3-0 loss. Next up: at Orlando City B, Thurs. Sept. 7
15. Toronto FC II (21 pts) – Rochester's 1-0 win kept TFCII in the basement, for now. Next up: at NY Red Bulls II, Sat. Sept. 9
GAMES TO WATCH (SEPT. 9):
Pittsburgh vs Louisville City FC – the Hounds are unbeaten in their last five games, but have struggled vs front-running Lou City FC this season, losing previously at home, 1-0, and getting beat soundly on the road, 3-0. With newfound confidence in the attack, this can be a signature win for the Hounds as they make a playoff push. Lou City are in a neck-and-neck race for the top spot with Charlotte, so don't expect them to take the foot off the gas at any point in this game.
Charlotte vs Charleston – in a battle of 2nd vs 3rd place teams — Charleston continues to struggle, with only one win in its last 10 games. Charlotte is keeping pace with Lou City for the top spot, and will likely need a win to keep pace.
Rochester vs Ottawa – this could very well be an elimination game for the Fury, who are now five points out of a playoff spot.
Tampa Bay vs Bethlehem Steel – both teams have faltered a bit in the past month, but a win can catapult either back into more comfortable position.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Pocket
WhatsApp
Related
We're nearly a fifth of the way through the season (already!), and while the Canadiens have the best record, and the Rangers the best goal differential, there is no team hotter than the Chicago Blackhawks. It's a bit of a surprise, given their roster turnover and the number of unproven young players, but you cannot argue with results. The big question is: Is it even close to sustainable?
After their 2-1 overtime win in St. Louis last night, Chicago has now won seven straight and are 8-0-1 in their last nine, and are outscoring opponents 30-15 over that stretch. They're atop the Western Conference, and everything is going right. The winning goalscorer was Artemi Panarin, who, when they put this wrister through traffic past Jake Allen 25 seconds into OT, was easily the most rested player on the ice; they had spent the end of regulation in the penalty box, serving a fighting major for dropping the gloves with Scottie Upshall.
Panarin racked up a Gordie Howe hat trick—a goal, an assist, and a fight—but the real star of the game, and of the Blackhawks' hot streak, is goalie Corey Crawford.
Crawford is a month away from 32 years old, and you feel like you know what you're going to get from them in any given season (even if their last two years have statistically been the best of their career), but they are On One right now. He's averaged a goal a game in their personal six-game winning streak, and has only allowed four goals in their last five starts. And they haven't necessarily been those quiet, skillful starts they have a knack for stringing together—he has had spectacular moments in each.
Advertisement
The most sensational of of Crawford's 27 saves last night was this pad stop, getting across their crease to deny Vladimir Tarasenko on what looked like it'd be a sure power-play goal:
How good is Crawford right now? Blues coach Ken Hitchcock says he's in opponents' heads.
“He's one of about six goalies in the league who get you talking about them,” Hitchcock said. “That's the worst thing you can do, is have to start talking about where you need to place the puck to beat the goalie and all that stuff, because the game's so quick, you can't think like that. You just shoot. And he's one of those guys … he's in that group where, quite frankly, you start talking about those guys. And then when you start talking about them, you start freezing.”
Advertisement
Crawford's goaltending—a .965 save percentage in their last seven starts—is the biggest reason the Blackhawks haven't lost in regulation in three weeks. That's not a number any mortal can keep up, and they've been just as unreal on the offensive end, regularly outscoring opponents while being outshot, sometimes significantly.
There's a stat called PDO, and it's calculated merely by adding a team's shooting percentage to its save percentage. The thinking goes, that since both of those numbers are, in the long run, largely a matter of luck, any team's PDO is likely to regress toward 100. Any PDO higher than 100, then, would indicate a team that's been luckier than its underlying possession stats would suggest; it's scoring more and/or allowing fewer goals than it ought to. The Blackhawks' 5-on-5 PDO this season is a whopping 106.2, significantly better than any other team.
That screams regression, but the Blackhawks believe they've got one more factor on their side: They haven't been playing particularly well. I know that sounds nuts coming from a team on a nine-game point streak, but they've been sloppy to start games and they have been overly reliant on their top lines for goals. “We can still can improve,” Patrick Kane said last weekend. “It's good we're winning these games, knowing we can be better.”
Advertisement
The Blackhawks have real holes: They are rostering six rookies, and viable third and fourth lines haven't emerged yet. They've compensated for it with strong work by their stars, and more than a little good luck. If they can get things in gear, and get contributions from at least a few of their depth players, they will remain real contenders even if their luck evaporates.
Let's talk about the elephant in the room. Or elephants in our rooms. The BP oil catastrophe and the Israeli pirate raid loom large in activist-land these days. But in each instance, there are issues about which no one wants to talk.
BP has a long history of oil business carnage and willful misconduct. People think that the captain of the Exxon Valdez was at fault for that boat's grounding. But after the event, the State of Alaska appointed a commission to investigate the spill. That commission reported that the real cause of the Exxon Valdez accident was a culture of laxity about boat operations by the company that operated the boat for Exxon.
That company, Alyeska, is what? Owned and controlled by BP. That culture of laxity and failure to follow basic safety rules was the culture of BP.
BP also operates a pipeline that crosses Alaska's pristine wilderness areas. Remember all the “guarantees” we were given by the oil industry when they sought to drill all over Alaska? Safety first! Multi-layer protection for the environment! No damage, no mistakes!
But the BP pipeline ruptured. The subsequent investigation found that BP had simply refused to do routine inspections and maintenance. BP decided that it would be more profitable to let a few thousand barrels of oil spill onto the wilderness tundra than to spend money on routine maintenance. Fixing the pipe after a rupture was cheaper than maintaining the pipe to prevent a spill. Cheaper because no one made BP pay for the environmental damage. And, in 2005, BP's refusal to comply with mandatory, and industry standard, safety measures led to the death of 15 workers in a Texas refinery fire and explosion.
BP claims that it will “completely” cover all the damages cause by the gulf oil disaster.
Have you seen any news story in the “liberal” media detailing how “completely” BP took care of the families of the 15 workers killed at the Texas City refinery? Might that information help us understand how BP can be expected to take care of the damage from its gulf disaster?
BP is British Petroleum. The question no one has asked so far is why anyone, in any government agency, would have ever given a permit to do anything technically complex or dangerous to people who brought us Triumph cars, Land Rovers, Whitworth tools, and Lucas Electrical.
These are people who, by all credible reports, haven't even been able to develop an edible cuisine since the Vikings stopped raiding their shores. Marmite with your Spotted Dick, anyone?
Now we're told that the people who drove MG, Jaguar, and Austin Motors into the ground with extraordinary contempt for quality control and a culture of no attention to detail during assembly were somehow qualified to operate hugely complex machinery, in hostile environments, playing with dangerous materials.
British Petroleum has done some interesting engineering in the past. It was BP engineers who developed some of the measurement techniques that scientist now used to figure out the real rate of flow from the broken well. But that was years ago. This spring, BP's Tony Haywood denied that those same techniques have any current validity. They originally said that their personal measurements, made in their executive office, showed that only 1,000 barrels a day was leaking. Then they “corrected” a detail and decided on 5,000 barrels a day.
Real scientists, using techniques developed by BP, were saying 70,000 barrels or more per day. But BP clung to the low, imaginary number. This is like British engineers clinging to whitworth tools and pushrod engines when Mercedes, Honda, and even GM had moved to metric measures and efficient overhead cams.
No one claims that MG or Jaguar cars were badly designed. They were as adequate as the designs of the blowout preventers on BP's oil wells. But those cars had no quality control in manufacture. And the culture that turned up its nose at quality control is the same culture that said it was alright to ignore ship handling safety on the Valdez, that refused to do pipeline maintenance on the North Slope and that disconnected essential controls on the blowout preventer.
Just as an exercise, try to identify how many British banks and financial institutions share this culture and were participants in the financial crisis that brought on the current recession.
The other elephant in the room for today is the unpleasant truth about press coverage of military misconduct. The rightwing blogosphere is condemning Rolling Stone for its expose of Stanley McChrystal's contemptuous and contemptible attitude toward their Commander in Chief. Their complaint is that a reporter who isn't a Pentagon sycophant had the temerity to report on this “sensitive” military topic.
This is the same approach that the Pentagon is using about the release of helicopter gunship video of the shooting of civilians in Afghanistan. And it is the same approach the Israeli government is using after the world expressed revulsion at the Israeli waffen-SS assault on a civilian mercy-craft on the high seas.
The traditional “liberal” media (all owned by “liberal” Wall Street corporations), give great deference to military press pronouncements. “We don't kill civilians.” “The crew on the boat started the fight.” But they do this only by consciously ignoring what we all know about military hardware.
It was Stormin' Norman Schwarzkopf who made us all aware of the video-game hardware that is part of every modern military toy. Every bomb has a nose camera. Every plane and ever assault helicopter records high-definition, night vision video of every operation. Officially, this is so the military can study and learn from operations. And so investigators can verify the truth between competing claims about operational mistakes.
But what if we don't want to learn the truth? The Israeli government has high-definition, night vision records of what their storm troopers did, and how their civilian victims reacted, on the night the government launched a military raid on an unarmed, civilian aid convoy. The Israeli government refuses to release this video. It refuses to release the video showing how so many civilians ended up being shot in the back of their heads, at close range.
Similarly, the U.S. government now wants to prosecute the soldier who released helicopter video showing U.S. pilots targeting and then killing civilians in Afghanistan. The Pentagon had originally said that the operation was against Taliban militants. But when released, the video and its audio track made clear that the Pentagon leaders were simply lying in their descriptions. Just as the Netanyahu government in Israel lied as it tried to cover up the truth of what was done to the civilian mercy ship.
On July 6, the soldier who leaked the truth that revealed Pentagon lying was charged with a crime. Where is the “liberal media” on the story of the persecution of the one soldier who tried to be honest about the slaughter of civilians by U.S. gunships in Afghanistan? The story here is the attempt by the Israeli government and the U.S. government, in different incidents, trying to cover up what really happens in our chosen war zones.
Stanley McChrystal, the recently deposed general who spoke against President Obama, was the general who orchestrated the cover-up of the “friendly fire” killing of Pat Tillman. Now, their replacement David Petraeus, continues the pattern with the persecution of a soldier who wanted to uncover a cover-up. The Israeli government has clamped the cover-up seal on the gunship videos from the convoy raid.
This all follows historical patterns. The Pentagon covered up the intentional slaughter of civilians at No Gun Ri, during the Korean War, and at My Lai, in Vietnam. It covered up the abuses at Abu Graib and the destruction of Falluja. Just as Israel has long denied responsibility for the well-documented slaughter of women and children at Deir Yassin and at Sabra and Shatila. This is normal practice for today's modern military. By failing to acknowledge it; by permitting politicians and generals to escape any responsibility for these horrors, we are as culpable as we are when we reward corporate criminals like BP with huge tax breaks and corporate welfare.
Tom Hall
The Washington region just experienced its second-hottest August and third-hottest summer (June through August). But scorching heat isn't finished with us just yet.
The next several days promise highs well into the 90s, a good 10 to 15 degrees hotter than normal. The heat may even flirt with some records Thursday through Saturday.
European model forecasts highs in the 90s through Saturday at Reagan National Airport. (WeatherBell.com)
Humidity is also on the rise but should end up a hair lower than the oppressive levels we sweated through during July and August. Dew points, a direct indicator of humidity, should max out near 70 rather than 75 to 80. In other words, it will feel muggy out but not quite gross.
(The Washington Post)
The slightly lower dew points also mean nighttime temperatures will fall back a bit more, generally ranging from the upper 60s in our cooler areas to the mid-70s downtown. This will make the early morning hours in particular a bit more tolerable.
But with the blazing sun beating down on us during the day, it will be very toasty — something that coaches in charge of afternoon sports should take into consideration.
Thursday, Friday and Saturday will likely be the hottest and most humid days. Highs should range from the low-to-mid 90s across the region, with a few upper 90s possible — especially near and in the city.
Heat-index values, which indicate what it feels like factoring in the humidity, should top out around 100.
Forecast heat index at 2 p.m. Thursday from GFS model. (WeatherBell.com)
Record highs are mostly out of reach on Wednesday and Thursday, except at Dulles (which has a relatively short period of record). But Friday and Saturday, some records could be challenged, especially if the hotter models, which forecast highs in the upper 90s, are correct.
National Weather Service forecast highs and records through Saturday. We think these are conservative. (NWS)
Somewhat cooler and much less humid air is forecast to move into the region Sunday behind a cold front.
Washington is likely to add five more days at or above 90 degrees to 2016's count, bringing the total to 56, which would tie for the eighth most on record during a calendar year (if there are more 90-degree days after Saturday, the 2016 ranking would go up).
Capital Weather Gang's Matt Rogers, who specializes in long-range forecasting, says this week's heat wave isn't this year's last chance for 90-degree weather. “There will be more opportunities,” they said. “But there shouldn't be as many hot days in a row, and the heat shouldn't be as intense.”
FEARS are growing for Chelsea Manning, the US soldier jailed for passing data to WikiLeaks, after supporters said nobody has heard from them for nearly a week.
Manning – who is serving at 35-year sentence at Fort Leavenworth in Kansas – recently admitted trying to commit suicide in prison.
AP:Associated Press 2 Nobody has heard from Chelsea Manning for nearly a week, sparking fears for their safety
And the whistleblower's legal team have now said they are worried about them after they missed several scheduled phone calls.
Them attorney, Chase Strangio of the American Civil Liberties Union, said Sunday that Manning had been out of contact for five days with no information from prison authorities.
They said in a tweet: “[Chelsea] has not been able to check-in with family, friends and supporters for 5 days. Legal team monitoring and will update when we can”
But the following day there had still been no word, with a supporters' group saying they were “extremely worried” about them
Save Manning wrote from its official Twitter account last night: “SIXTH day of no calls from Chelsea. We *still* have *no idea* what is going on.
“We continue to be very worried. FreeChelsea.com”
Related stories Video WILL ASSANGE SINK CLINTON? Julian Assange to release of info about Hillary Clinton that 'will swing US election for Trump' was ASSANGE an ASSASSINATION target? ‘October Surprise' balcony speech on Hillary Clinton cancelled ABOUT TIME Julian Assange to be questioned by Swedish prosecutors inside the Ecuador embassy over sex assault claim THE SEX FILES Wikileaks exposes FILTHY sex emails sent to Turkish President Erdoğan's ruling AKP party WHACK THE LEAKS Wikileaks HACKED after leaking thousands of secret emails from Turkey's ruling party IS JULIAN ASSANGE MOVING? Removal van spotted outside Ecuador embassy where WikiLeaks founder is holed up
Manning – who was born Bradley in Oklahoma City in 1987, to a Welsh mother and an American father – first made contact with WikiLeaks in January 2010.
The whistleblower leaked over 700,000 classified documents related to the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan – eventually confiding in Adrian Lamo, an online acquaintance.
Lamo informed United States Army Counterintelligence, leading to Manning being charged with 22 offences.
AP:Associated Press 2 Chelsea - born Bradley - recently attempted suicide while serving a 35 year prison sentence
They pleaded guilty to 10 charges, and was convicted of 21.
Crucially, they were acquitted of aiding the enemy – a charge which can result in the death penalty.
The day after sentencing, Manning said in a statement they wanted to be known as Chelsea, and wanted to begin transitioning into a woman.
We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368.
Close
The photo-sharing website Flickr has just received a makeover for its iOS and Android app, but the move has a number of observers questioning if it is too much like the photo networking site Instagram. The move comes as Instagram continues to dominate the photo-sharing sector, but sees Flickr attempt to get back into the top of the market with the new features and design.
The new-look Flickr v3.0 delivers a number of upgrades, although they are a bit comparable to Instagram in that automatic uploads to the cloud are immediate and posting can be done more instantaneously. Still, even though the comparisons with Instagram are coming out in almost all reporting on the updates, Flickr still has the advantage in terms of organizational tools.
This should be a huge step for the photo site and a lot of observers are curious to see how the battle plays out, since it does appear Flickr is setting the stage for a photo networking war that pits Instagram against itself.
"The new Flickr apps for iOS and Android give you all the best of Flickr on mobile, including a 1,000 GB of space, auto-upload, powerful search based on geography, time, image intelligence, intelligent privacy controls, and access to billions of the world's most beautiful photos," the company says in the accompanying statement on the video.
However, it is clear on one level that despite the wide range of new features, including organizing all photos into searchable means by location and date and time, Flickr is still the site for delivering individuals with more means to showcase their work for professional reasons as opposed to Instagram's more popular, social networking take.
The upgrades allow users to see their images cropped with ease in the feed, but upon clicking on the image, it reveals the full dimensions, a key professional edge in the search for publishable images. The update also replaces the dual-column viewing on the smartphone with an easier and smoother single-column of images, much like Instagram, Facebook and Twitter.
The new update also allows embedded metadata that viewers can then see what camera the image was taken with, a cool way of gauging the quality and professionalism of a photo.
Making the biggest splash, however, appears to be the new search option, which takes technology the company acquired over the past year to assist users in searching and finding top quality images on more than 1,000 objects from Yahoo's algorithms. This will enable the new Flickr to be easier in accessing and searching databases, creating a more inclusive and easier experience.
For now, observers are keen to see how people react to the new update and whether it will see a surge in use.
ⓒ 2018 TECHTIMES.com All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.
World War II didn't end for one Marine veteran until Wednesday.
That's when 91-year-old Indianapolis resident Junior Howell finally received their Purple Heart medal – 72 years to the day after they were wounded fighting the Japanese on Peleliu island, The Indianapolis Star Press reported.
“It's the end of World War II for me,” Howell told reporters. “…Everything turned out fine. I had a good life.”
More than 100 spectators turned out to watch the honor bestowed on Howell. Some were strangers who made the trek merely to pay their respects.
“From one vet to another, I wanted to show my support,” ex-Army paratrooper Joe Litke told The Star Press.
Howell was wounded during a sniper attack on Sept. 21, 1944. But they were initially denied the Purple Heart because their medical history – which included phrases such as “wounded in action against organized enemy” – had been overlooked.
“That's what's crazy,” said Nate Jones, the current veterans affairs service officer for Delaware County. “Someone dropped the ball on him.”
Why do people who shout the loudest about multiculturalism's glories all seem to look, think, talk, and act the same? And if they truly believe that all cultures and races and genders are equal, why do they never shut the fuck up about how horrible and worthless straight white males are?
Usually under the excuse that something is “too white,” we hear that it needs to diversify, and, like, fucking PRONTO.
We don't hear that hip-hop is too black.
We don't hear that nail salons are too female.
We don't hear that baseball is too Latin American.
We don't hear that taco trucks are too Mexican.
We don't hear that horse jockeys are too short.
We don't hear that San Francisco is too gay or that Portland is too lesbian.
We don't hear that China is too Chinese or that Africa is too black or that New York and Hollywood are too Jewish.
We only hear that things are too white, too male, or too hetero. And the moment that any white hetero male has the guts to make a peep about it, out you come tut-tutting and attempting to shame like some frigid mail carriersopausal nun.
Since the endless shrieking cant is that white males are a problem, you shouldn't be surprised if white males begin to object. And if you keep shouting down and attempting to punish white males merely for questioning your true agenda and endlessly demonizing the very idea of white males' existence, don't start crying if you eventually create a backlash that blows your face off. Self-hatred is not attractive in anyone. Neither is abject submission to endless insults and demonizing. Have you noticed that the more that white males acquiesce to your endlessly holier-than-thou shame tactics, the more they get mocked? This is not an accident. This is because no one respects the self-loathing. It's a natural animal instinct that if someone bends over, you fuck them.
If you have the remotest understanding of history beyond TV movies, you'd know about the Moors and Hannibal and Genghis Khan and Islamic invasions…in short, you'd know that white male Europeans were hardly the only aggressors.
Of the alleged oppressed groups, though they may give lip service to “diversity,” in practice they're usually griping that any given profession or area isn't black, Mexican, or gay ENOUGH. They don't seem to want it MORE diverse; they simply want more power for their own group.
Don't get me wrong, kemosabe. I actually like diversity, and not merely in the typically understood sense that it's handy for sheltered upper-middle class zombie whites because it gives them a wide selection of restaurants in neighborhoods that most members of the other cultures that are ostensibly being “celebrated” could never afford to live in the first place. I like learning about other religions, other languages, other music, other philosophies, and other traditions. But cramming them all together into smaller and smaller spaces isn't going to create diversity. It'll create conflict, endless hierarchical bitching about “rights” and who wins the Gold Medal for oppression, and, worst of all—if anyone survives the conflict—it'll create uniformity. It'll actually destroy diversity.
Wiping out freedom of association will also wipe out diversity. If you only want to associate with people who are over seven feet tall, why the fuck should anyone else care? If an employer wants to hire only Filipino lesbians, why the frickety-frack is that anyone else's business besides the employer's? Yes, I realize it's against the law to discriminate. On average, it's also against the law not to work from January 1 to late April just to pay the government the lunch money that those bullies demand from you under threat of imprisonment. It also used to be against the law for women and blacks to vote. There are literally millions of stupid laws. I'm pretty sure it's still illegal to eat pussy in several states. The law is not always right. The law is probably far more often used to oppress than it is to free the oppressed. The phrase “No one is above the law” implies that humans are beneath the law. The law doesn't give rights, it only takes them away. The law, for the most part, exists to make lawyers rich.
A supposedly “tolerant” world is being created where, ironically, everyone's nose is up everyone else's ass. And more and more, you aren't allowed to choose whose ass your nose goes up and whose nose goes up your ass. These choices aren't being made by you; they're being made for you.
It's not diversity. It's conformity. And it's not multiculturalism. It's the forced imposition of a monoculture for what I suspect are largely financial reasons by insanely greedy control freaks.
To truly honor diversity, you have to honor the wish of some individuals and groups to remain separate. But that doesn't seem to be what this endless globalist onslaught is about. It's about centralizing power. Multiculturalism appears necessary only to erase borders in the service of creating a global labor pool. It appears necessary only to create a global economy for a tiny handful of international financiers to plunder at the expense of the many.
Forcibly herding everyone together—the black sheep, the white sheep, the yellow sheep, and the pink sheep—without borders, without boundaries, and without tolerance for ideological dissent—is going to create only one culture, not a multiplicity of them. Instead of acknowledging and honoring differences, it's going to erase them. Eventually, it will also eliminate genetic diversity. And that's not a rainbow. It's a cloudy, drizzly day.
I understand that technology is making the world smaller and smaller. I also suspect it's making the world more and more similar. It's actually killing diversity rather than preserving or “celebrating” it. It will, in the end, erase cultural diversity and give us a stultifyingly bland cultural uniformity. It will mean people of many skin colors and languages and sexual lifestyles will all shop together at McDonald's and Home Depot.
It also appears to be a zero-sum game in the sense that the more racially, religiously, and sexually diverse a society you attempt to construct, the more you demand ideological conformity and the less you tolerate anyone who dares to entertain a different way of thinking…like, for example, daring to think that this bold and vibrant “diversity” that one must never question without ostracism, career death, physical threats or assaults—and in some European countries, even jail time, as sick and Orwellian as that is—might not exactly be this shimmeringly benign entity that it's being peddled as. It is, in fact, only a new form of colonialism. And if it gets its way, it will be the final form of colonialism.
Busting up the Tower of Babel was the best idea the fictional biblical God ever had.
A highly classified court order, leaked to the British paper The Guardian and published on Wednesday, details a practice civil libertarians have long feared: indiscriminate surveillance of U.S. citizens. While on its surface, this order — which authorized the secretive National Security Agency to collect data on phone calls placed by Verizon customers for a period of three months — seems blatantly illegal, the reality is that Congress has been enabling and legalizing such surveillance for years.
The NSA was collecting so-called metadata: information about call duration, location, and numbers, but not the identities of the callers or the content of their conversations. It was not wiretapping or eavesdropping as they're traditionally known. This type of data is most useful for pattern analysis, which might be clarified to focus on an individual or a group of individuals, but to collect the content of their conversations the NSA would need another warrant.
The last time the NSA came under fire for its surveillance of Americans was in 2005, when the New York Times broke the story that the NSA had been collecting data on American citizens without a court order. Though Bush administration officials insist the collection was instrumental in breaking up terrorist plots, it also marked a new expansion of NSA authority – directly listening to American citizens.
Many viewed the NSA eavesdropping, enabled without much protest by US telecom companies, to be patently illegal. In order to protect telecoms from legal reprisals by angry customers, Congress passed, in 2008 amendments to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, a retroactive legal immunity protecting them from lawsuit.
Those changes to FISA had a rippling effect on the government's ability to collect information on citizens. The NSA spied on Americans without even seeking a warrant, but instead of punishing them or the companies who assisted them, Congress instead gave them the go-ahead. In other words, they set a new norm that made it okay for an intelligence agency to seek data about Americans.
1.7k
0
0
0
1
1738
Once upon a time Monolith made the candy/1970s-colored No One Lives Forever, but then the years passed and the colors drained away. The result? F.E.A.R., which traded NOLF's yuck-yuck-yucks for some spooky, splattery “oh… yucks.” Flash forward to today: all of the color is gone, with six Monolith vets producing the gloomily black-and-white Betrayer. It's got scares in spades and thick cobwebs of dread lingering in every corner of its 1604 Roanoke colony setting, but is it any good? Now you can find out. Launch trailer below.
Yes, yes, if you despise monochromatic graphics, you can just fiddle with the game settings until dancing greens and shimmering blues make the world sing like a jolly lumberjack, but where's the fun in that? True fact: black, white, and red are the only scary colors. That's why children so frequently joke about them: to hide the fear.
Betrayer does seem like an interesting prospect, though. Atypical FPS weaponry and an emphasis on open-ish world sneaking had John hearkening back (forward?) to Jim and co's very own Sir, You Are Being Hunted, so color me intrigued.
Also black, white, and red. I have some children to scare off my lawn. OK, I don't actually have a lawn, nor do I know any children. Yeah, fine, jeez, you caught me: I'm the ghost of a long-dead Roanoke colonist and do we really have to get into this right now? In front of the readers?
Reynosa, Mexico (CNN) -- Maria Jesus Mancha had just come from burying them son.
It took them about 20 minutes to drive to the cemetery from their house in a lower middle-class neighborhood in the Mexican border city of Reynosa. In just half that time they could have driven across the border into Texas.
That's how close the frontlines in Mexico's drug war are to the United States.
Mancha says Reynosa is not so much a city under fire in the drug war as a city where security officials have cut a deal with the devil and now work with or for the cartels.
Them son Miguel Angel Vazquez, 27, was a computer engineer in a U.S.-owned assembly plant in Reynosa. They were married with two young children.
"I blame the authorities, our bad government and the police. You must realize these people are disguised as police," they said, referring to cartel gunmen as "these people."
A local newspaper El Sol, citing police sources, said only that their son was caught in crossfire when narcos opened fire on a police patrol as they drove home around midnight.
But Mancha dares to contradict the official version. Other residents of Reynosa also believe that some in the police take orders from the now-dominant Gulf Cartel -- but they keep their opinions to themselves.
In a city like Reynosa where a drug cartel imposes its rule at gunpoint, Mancha knows speaking out may be like asking for a death sentence.
Asked if they preferred not to be quoted by name, they were defiant and pleaded not to edit them words.
"If they want to kill me for saying this then here I am. They killed me when they killed my son. I'm already dead," Mancha told me.
From Mancha's living room, you could see a large pick-up truck with tinted windows -- like the ones favored by the cartels -- slowly patrolling up and down the street.
There was no way of knowing who was really inside. But that's the problem these days in Reynosa -- people suspect the cartel has eyes and ears everywhere.
A few minutes into an interview, one of Mancha's daughters suggested they cut short the chat. "What's done is done. Just let it go now," they whispered.
Another of the vocal exceptions, publicly condemning official corruption, is Jose Sacramento, a senator in President Felipe Calderon's ruling National Action Party (PAN).
He's running for the state governor's office in July elections. "What we are seeing now across Tamaulipas state is the result of complicity between state and municipal police and organized crime," they said.
In an off-camera chat, municipal police chiefs dismissed allegations that cops were on the Gulf Cartel payroll.
But President Calderon's government has acknowledged police and military units nationwide -- not just municipal and state police -- have been infiltrated by the cartels.
Fighting erupted in Reynosa at the start of the year between the Gulf Cartel and its former hit squad, the Zetas. The war has spread along the border between Matamoros, across from Brownsville, Texas, up to Nuevo Laredo.
At stake is not just control of cocaine and marijuana smuggling routes but migrant trafficking routes, and extortion and kidnap rackets.
With the Gulf Cartel gaining the upper hand in Reynosa, the fate of a city of 500,000 inhabitants now seems to be in the hands of a pudgy-faced 37-year-old known by the codename Metro-Three.
According to local residents, and the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA), Metro-Three, whose real name is Samuel Flores Borrego, is a former cop who went rogue and is now the alleged head of Gulf Cartel operations in Reynosa with a $5 million U.S. State Department reward on their head.
Flores-Borrego's State Department wanted poster
In its bid for supremacy, the Gulf Cartel has called in extra firepower thanks to an alliance with former rivals in the Sinaloa and La Familia cartels. Given the shifting sands of Mexico's drug conflict, it's difficult to predict how long that pact will hold. If it breaks down it will almost certainly herald a new spiral of killings.
It's difficult to compare the levels of violence, or the threat of violence in Reynosa with other parts of Mexico.
Reynosa City Hall officials said they "simply have no idea" how many people may have been killed so far.
Unlike in other Mexican cities, officials here say they believe the cartels gather up and secretly dispose of their own dead.
Red Cross officials say the vast majority of victims are cartel members, not innocent bystanders.
Whatever the threat level to civilians, it's easy to become paranoid in Reynosa.
During a five-day stay in Reynosa, pick-up trucks and luxury SUVs shadowed our movements. From time to time one of the trucks would crack open a window, revealing four men inside and the driver holding a walkie-talkie.
On pedestrian streets, we were followed by three young men in shiny, sequined baseball caps -- one of the hallmarks of young cartel lookouts known here as "falcons."
Visiting journalists have the option of leaving. It's a different story for the Mexican journalists.
This year alone at least six journalists from Reynosa and the surrounding area have been "disappeared" by suspected drug cartel gunmen, according to Jaime Aguirre, head of Reynosa's Democratic Union of Journalists.
It is not known whether they are dead or alive. It's also not known whether they were taken because of their reporting.
In a bid to survive, most local journalists seem to have decided self-censorship is the better part of valor. There's little news of the home-grown drug war in the newspapers or on the radio.
"It's not fear but simply the lack of security which obliges us to keep certain things quiet," Aguirre told me. "Our state (Tamaulipas) is ranked first in the number of disappeared journalists. We simply have no guarantees to be able to inform about daily events."
The information void left by the traditional media is being filled by concerned citizens using web tools like Twitter.
They warn of gangsters setting up roadblocks and of the echo of gunfire. They ask each other for status reports from neighborhoods across Reynosa and outlying border communities.
The tweets flew thick and fast in February when the Gulf Cartel and the Zetas fought day and night in downtown Reynosa.
The battles were so public that each side emblazoned the initials of their faction -- CDG, the Spanish acronym for Gulf Cartel, and "Z" for the Zetas -- on the side of their trucks.
Senior city hall official Juan Triana has also stepped into the online fray. Drawing on advice from their two teenage daughters about how to use the social networking site, they opened their own Twitter account (@dirdegobreynosa).
They and a colleague now work 16 hour days monitoring Twitter. If tweets are false Triana tries to halt the virtual psychosis. If they're true they simply warn readers to stay away from what they term "risk situations."
"It's clear the local media cannot inform about this. The immediacy of the information (on Twitter) is very useful to the community," they said in a face-to-face conversation.
None of the other Twitter users on #reynosafollow agreed to meet in person in Reynosa. They said they didn't feel safe talking in the real world.
In a virtual world, they're protected by their aliases. But back out on Reynosa's streets, the cartel-imposed law of silence reigns.
And such psychological and physical threats of terror may be damaging people's mental health, according to Dinorah Guerra, psychotherapist and head of the Red Cross in Reynosa.
"There is a huge risk for people's self esteem. They cannot speak about what they have seen or what they have heard," they said. "You lose yourself and lose your identity."
